Palace

A palace is a place with a grand and imposing building that is the official residence of a king or queen, a head of state such as a president, ruler, or leader. Many historical palaces are now museums that show what royal and aristocratic life was like when it was built.

Besides, it can mean a luxurious house or mansion (like Biltmore Mansion or Hearst Castle) or a large building for entertainment: a large public or private building with an imposing ornate style, used for entertainment or exhibitions and large events.

Hasidic Judaism

Hasidic Judaism or Hasidism is a Jewish religious movement that was started by Rabbi Israel ben Eliezer, known as "Baal Shem Tov". It began in Eastern Europe in the middle of the 18th century, and there are now Hasidic communities all over the world. The followers of Hasidism are called Hasids.

Hasidism teaches about the importance of serving God with happiness and believes in Jewish mysticism. While Hasidim study the same books of Torah as the rest of Judaism, they focus on learning the hidden aspects of the text as well. Hasidic study also includes many of the teachings of Kabbalah.

Hasidism has strict laws about physical contact between the genders, Hasidic men will not even shake hands or make any physical contact with unrelated members of the opposite gender and Hasidic women will not make any physical contact with unrelated members of the opposite gender and also limit conversation.

Each Hasidic group has a leader who is called the Rebbe (Rabbi). The Rebbe is a man who is a Rabbi and is chosen by the Hasidim to be their leader. Some of the jobs that he does are giving lectures on Torah and Hassidic-matters and taking part in the different events of his Hasidim, like weddings and Brit milahs.

There are hundreds of different Hasidic groups. They all share similar characteristics but they also have individual customs. Some of the larger dynasties are Satmar, Chabad-Lubavitch, Bobov, Viznitz, and Belz.

Lissa Explains it All

Lissa Explains it All is a website. It teaches beginners and children HTML as well as other things like JavaScript to help them make a website. It was made by Alyssa "Lissa" Daniels (born 1986) in 1998.

Lissa did not plan on teaching HTML at first. She was an 11 year old girl who wanted to make a website but had problems remembering the HTML codes. She saved the codes on a webpage. Many people who saw her website asked her how she made it. Lissa gave them the address (URL) to the webpage she put the codes on. As more and more people went on the page, Lissa added more codes and information, and made the URL it became public.

A year later, so many people went on "Lissa Explains" that Lissa decided she needed a domain name for her website. She bought the domain name, lissaexplains.com. The website name was changed to "Lissa Explains it All". Soon, even more people went on "Lissa Explains", and her web hosters told Lissa that she would have to buy a plan that costed $100 a month. Lissa was upset because her parents would not pay so much money for her website.

"Lissa Explains" was a popular website that had a lot of visitors, so Lissa filled out many forms at agencies. The agency would pay her money to put their advertisements on her website, "Lissa Explains". The money she made paid for her web hosting and other services on her website. The company that hosts "Lissa Explains" now is Dreamhost.

Now, with even more visitors, Lissa had to change the layout and design of her website again. She got rid of a lot of the pictures on her website to save money and bandwidth space. It changed from this to this, the way it looks right now.

Lissa's website was the first website that taught children HTML. Many people know about it, and it is being copied. For example, Lissaexplainsitall.com has a URL that is almost the same as "Lissa Explains", and it also has something to do with web design and HTML.

Other than teaching HTML, Lissa Explains also has other services. Lissa teaches HTML, JavaScript, CSS, how to use frames and tables, and how to make a trailing cursor.
In April 2008 the website for LissaMail expired, leading to the conclusion that this service is no longer being provided.
Lissa has postcards that users can send to their friends. 
Lissa's Color Slider lets users choose a color in the shade they want and get the hexadecimal color code for it. She also has a color wheel for people who have Internet Explorer. 
Lissa's HTML Editor converts and changes formatted text into HTML codes.

At Lissa's Meta Tag generator, users can get the HTML code to make META tags.


Aeneid

The Aeneid (Latin: "Aeneis") is an epic poem written by Virgil between 29 and 19 BC. It tells the story of "pious Aeneas".

Aeneas is a Trojan warrior who had to leave his city because the Greeks captured Troy after a long war. It starts with Aeneas carrying his father Anchises out of the burning Troy. It ends with Aeneas landing on the shores of Italy, fighting in the region of Rome. It can be read as indirect propaganda in favour of Augustus, the Roman Emperor of the day.

The story is written in hexameters, a type of verse.

Quincy, Illinois

Quincy is a city in the state of Illinois in the United States. In 2020 the number of people in the city was 39,463. The town was an important stop of the underground railroad during the 1800s. The town also has many German-style buildings.

Rent

Rent can mean different things:


Bunk bed

A bunk bed is a stack of two or more beds. Metal poles or wooden beams connect the bottom bed (called the bottom bunk) to the top bed (called the top bunk). A ladder is used to get up to the top bunk. The ladder is usually attached to the bed. 

In the Philippines, a bunk bed is called a double deck. Bunk bed is a modern solution; crafted when a one-bed frame is placed on top of another, making a rigid structure of two or more beds. 

This way two beds are compacted together to form a single bed which is efficient. A bunk bed occupies less floor area, it is equal to the space normally necessary for only one bed.

Bunk beds are often used in children's rooms. Since bunk beds allow a family to put two beds in the space of a single bed, bunk beds save space. Bunk beds help families with small apartments or houses to have enough beds for their children.

A bunk bed is also called ‘the wider bed’, which means both the top and bottom are of the same wider size. They are essential furnishing items that hostels, dormitories, colleges, and schools prefer to install. 

Bunk beds are often used in institutions such as prisons. As well, they are often used in public facilities such as homeless shelters and bomb shelters. Bunk beds are also used in firehalls, to give firefighters a place to sleep. Many military organizations use bunk beds. 

Navy ships and submarines use bunk beds for the sailors to sleep in. Army barracks sometimes have bunk beds for soldiers to sleep in.

Summer camps and winter cabins for children (such as boy scouts or girl scouts) often have bunk beds. Hostels, a type of inexpensive hotel for travelers, often have bunk beds. Some ski lodges have bunk beds in their rooms.

Cupboard

A cupboard, also known as a cabinet, is furniture used for storage. Usually, a cupboard will be in the kitchen or bathroom of a house. It usually has one or more shelves to put items on. It can also have a door to close off the open shelves.


Great Chilean Earthquake

The Great Chilean Earthquake or Valdivian Earthquake was the most powerful earthquake ever recorded. The quake occurred in the early evening (19:11 UTC) of May 22, 1960, and had a 9.5 rating on the Moment magnitude scale. The earthquake affected southern Chile, Hawaii, Japan, the Philippines, and the Aleutian Islands in Alaska. 

Its epicenter was Valdivia, Chile. The earthquake caused tsunamis that pounded the Chilean coastline with waves of up to 25 meters. The main tsunami traveled across the Pacific Ocean and caused great damage to Hilo, Hawaii. Waves as high as 10.7 meters (about 35 feet) were recorded 10,000 kilometers from where the earthquake started. These waves travelled as far as Japan and the Philippines.

The total number of deaths from the earthquake and subsequent tsunami in Chile has been estimated at 490 to 5700. The Chilean government estimated 2 million people were left homeless and the damage was $550 million USD.


Photographer

A photographer (from Greek φῶς ("phos"), meaning "light", and γραφή ("graphê"), meaning "drawing, writing", together meaning "drawing with light") is someone who is skilled at taking pictures or photographs with a camera. An "amateur photographer" takes pictures for their own use. A "professional photographer" takes pictures as all or part of their job. Many people hire a photographer for their wedding, "debutante" party or other special events. Photographers work in many different specialties.

There are several different kinds of photography. Each type requires a different set of skills. Some examples include:

Spiro Agnew

Spiro Theodore Agnew (November 9, 1918 – September 17, 1996) was the 39th vice president of the United States. He served under President Richard Nixon. He was also the 55th governor of the state of Maryland and the first Greek American governor and vice president in United States history.

He is most famous for his resignation in the fall of 1973 after he was under investigation for the crimes of extortion, tax fraud, bribery, and conspiracy. In October he was charged for taking bribes of more than $100,000 during his vice presidential term.

Agnew is the only U.S. vice president in history to leave office because of criminal charges. Ten years later, in January 1983, he paid the state of Maryland almost $270,000 as a result of a civil suit that came from the bribery allegations. He was only the second vice president to resign the office (John C. Calhoun had been the first).

He wrote two memoirs later in his life. He defended his corrupt actions in both memoirs.

Spiro Agnew was born in Baltimore, in the state of Maryland. His father was Theodore Spiros Agnew, a Greek immigrant who shortened his name from Anagnostopoulos when he moved to the USA (which was between 1897 and 1902), who married Margaret Akers, a native of Virginia. He joined the US Army and served in both World War II and the Korean War.

After holding a number of political offices in Baltimore, he ran for Baltimore County Executive in 1962. In a race that was thought to go to the Democratic Party Agnew surprisingly won. While executive he was known for outlawing racial segregation. He ran for Governor in 1966. His opponent was George Mahoney, who ran on a racist and pro segregationist platform. Agnew won after many Democrats voted for him. While governor he passed tax reform, justice reform, anti pollution laws, and civil rights laws. He also took a tough stand against the black power movement, and this angered many civil rights leaders who had supported him.

Agnew was chosen as Richard Nixon's running mate in 1968. Nixon wanted to do better in the Southern States. Agnew, a moderate, also could get Democrats to vote for him. He was chosen as vice presidential candidate at the convention over George Romney. Agnew supported "law and order" a policy of enforcing the law strictly. Agnew took a hard stand against the anti-war movement. His sometimes dirty attacks led him to be called Nixon's "hatchet man". However he did speak out against the Kent State Shooting, where national guard troops shot protestors to death in Ohio.

Agnew enjoyed the privileges of being vice president. He was well liked by Nixon supporters, and made it onto the Republican national ticket again in 1972. But in 1973, it became clear that Agnew had been very corrupt in his career as governor and was facing several felony charges. He cut a plea deal and narrowly got out of having to serve a long time in prison. 

He resigned in disgrace in October 1973, and never spoke to Richard Nixon again (Nixon would himself resign in 1974 over a similar scandal). Agnew became a disgraced figure and never was very much involved in politics after that. His portrait was taken down in the Maryland Governor's Mansion and his bust was not put up as a former vice president. When both were put on display, many criticized the decision to display them. He died in 1996 of leukemia. He was not given a state funeral of any kind and had a small funeral service. He was buried at a cemetery in Maryland.

Baltimore County Executive, 1962

Governor of Maryland, 1966

1968 Republican National Convention (Vice Presidential tally)

United States presidential election, 1968

1972 Republican National Convention (Vice Presidential tally)

United States presidential election, 1972

Agnew died of leukemia in Berlin, Maryland.


Share (finance)

In finance, a share is a unit of account for many different financial things including stocks, mutual funds, limited partnerships, and REIT's. In British English, the word "share" alone to talk only about stocks is so common that it almost replaces the word stock itself. Capital means the money being invested to start a new business.


Share

Share may mean:




Stock

In financial markets, stock is the partial ownership of a company. Shareholders bear the financial (but not legal) risk of the corporation, and receive dividends, which are a piece of the net income.

A person or organization which holds "shares" of stocks is called a shareholder. The value of the stock multiplied by the shares outstanding is the market capitalization. This is the most common metric for valuing a publicly traded company.

Stocks can be bought and sold privately or on stock exchanges. Someone who buys and sells stock on the behalf of another individual is called a stockbroker.

In the United Kingdom and Australia, the term "share" is used the same way as "stock" is described in the United States.



Stock (disambiguation)

A stock is a share of ownership in a company. See stock.

Stock in general refers to "the equipment, materials, or supplies of an establishment" or "a store or supply accumulated or available", as in:

Stock may also mean "the original (as a person, race, or language) from which others derive", as in:

Stock or stocks is also the name of:

Other meanings and usages of the word stock include:


Bilberry

Vaccinium myrtillus/The bilberry is the fruit of a type of shrub that grows close to the ground. It is a member of the genus "Vaccinium".

The bilberry is native to Europe, whereas the blueberry and huckleberry are native to North America. They are closely related, and members of the same genus.

The bilberry is known by many names. It is also called blaeberry, whortleberry, whinberry, myrtle blueberry, fraughan, and probably other names in different places. In Thomas Hardy's 1878 book, "The Return of the Native," they were called black-hearts in 19th century southern England. 


Capital (economics)

Capital has a number of related meanings in economics, finance and accounting.

In finance and accounting, capital generally refers to financial wealth, especially that used to start or maintain a business.

In classical economics, capital is one of the four factors of production. The others are land, labor and organization. Goods with the following features are capital goods as opposed to consumer goods or durable goods: 

The third part of the definition was not always used by classical economists. The classical economist David Ricardo would use the above definition for the term fixed capital while including raw materials and intermediate products are part of world life in which they can easily spend their life.


Rubus

Rubus is a genus of plants in the family Rosaceae. These plants have sharp prickles like roses. They include the raspberry, dewberry, and blackberry, and some other plants, such as the cloudberry.

Felix Klein

Felix Christian Klein (April 25, 1849, Düsseldorf, Prussian Empire – June 22, 1925, Göttingen, Germany) was a German mathematician. He became known for his work in group theory, function theory, non-Euclidean geometry, and on the connections between geometry and group theory. His 1872 Erlangen Program, which ate geometries by their underlying symmetry groups, was a hugely influential synthesis of much of the mathematics of the day.

The Klein bottle is named after him.

Land (economics)

In economics, land means all natural resources that cannot be produced in a larger quantity if prices go up, such as geographical locations and mineral deposits. 

In classical economics it is considered one of three factors of production, the other two being capital and labor; income that one gets because of ownership or control of natural resources is often referred to as rent.

Part (music)

In music, a part is a line of music which is played by one player or group of players (or sung by one or more singers). This is the usual meaning of the word “part” when talking about musical compositions. 

When a group of instruments are all playing the same notes together - like the first violins in an orchestra, they are all playing the same part. The second violins are playing another part, the violas are playing yet another part, etc.

In a string quartet each of the four instruments plays a different part.

A group of singers who are all singing the tune together are singing in "unison". If they divide into soprano, alto, tenor and bass, they are singing in four parts. The sopranos may be singing the tune and the altos, tenors and basses are providing the harmony underneath. This is called “4 part harmony”. If each of the four parts has its own share of the melody (or its own melody) it is polyphonic music. Polyphonic music is always in several parts.

Sometimes music for the piano or organ may be written in a strict number of parts, e.g. a 5 part fugue for the piano could also be performed on five different instruments because there are always exactly five different lines of music (although sometimes a part will have a rest, but this is always shown by rests in the music). Although written on two staves for the pianist (or three staves for an organist) it could be written on five staves: one stave for each part.

Another word for a musical "part" is "voice". In most other European languages the word for "part" in this musical sense is the same as the normal word for "voice" e.g. in German: "Stimme" or French "voix".

In general, the more parts there are in a musical composition the harder it is to compose because they all have to fit together to sound nice. The 16th century composer Thomas Tallis wrote a motet called "Spem in alium" which is in 40 parts. A choir of at least 40 people is needed to sing it, and even then each person will be singing something different to all the others.

A slightly different (but related) meaning of “part” can be the actual printed music that a player in an orchestra or band puts on the music stand to play from. The oboe part, for example, will just have the notes that the oboe plays. In contrast, the conductor has a musical score in which all the instrumental parts are written underneath one another.

The word "part" can also be used in its normal meaning of "section" (i.e. a bit of something). We can say: “the first part of the movement is played just by the woodwind instruments”. 

Sometimes a large work like an oratorio will be split into two or three “Parts” (in opera these would be called “Acts”).

Videocassette recorder

Videocassette recorder (VCR) is an electronic device that records and plays videotapes. Most use VHS or Beta cassettes that contain recordings of movies and other programs (such as music videos, exercise videos, and so on). To watch a recording using a VCR, the VCR has to be connected to a television set.

VCRs at first were mainly used to record programs from television broadcasts. Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, many people used VCRs to record their favorite television shows to watch them later. This was called time-shifting.

In the mid-1980s, VCRs became a very popular way for people to watch movies and other recorded programs on their home television. Until the 21st century, video rental stores offered a large selection of movies recorded on VHS tapes that customers could rent. In the 1980s, some video rental stores also offered a smaller number of movies recorded on Beta tapes.

In the 1980s, VHS was involved in a format war with Sony's Betamax. VHS won the format war. Betacam, a variant of Betamax designed specifically for professional camcorders, did become popular in television studios, but consumers used VHS at home.

In 1974, the Japanese government's Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) tried to force the Japanese video industry to agree on just one home video recording format, in order to avoid consumer confusion. Later, Sony built a prototype of a Betamax VTR. Sony presented the prototype to MITI, and convinced them to use Betamax as the technical standard. Sony was then allowed to charge other companies licensing fees to use the Betamax technical standard, so that they could also build and sell Betamax machines.

JVC believed that an open standard (a technical standard that is open and free for anyone to use) like VHS was better for the consumer, so they fought against the MITI and Sony. JVC attempted to convince other companies, including Matsushita, to use VHS instead of Betamax. Matsushita agreed with JVC because Matsushita worried that Sony might become the most powerful company in the video recording industry if the Betamax format was the only one that the MITI allowed them to sell. Matsushita also disliked the fact that Betamax systems could only record one hour of video.

Because Matsushita agreed with JVC, Hitachi, Mitsubishi, and Sharp began to support the VHS technical standard. When Sony released its Betamax machines in Japan in 1975, it pressured the MITI to support Sony even more. However, the combination of JVC and the other companies was much stronger, and eventually the MITI stopped trying to create a single technical standard for the whole industry. JVC released the first VHS machines in Japan in late 1976, and then in the United States in early 1977. Sony continued to sell Betamax machines, and they competed with VHS throughout the late 1970s and into the 1980s.

In countries that use the NTSC technical standard for television broadcasting, the Beta I version of Betamax was able to record one hour of video at a tape speed of 1.5 inches per second (ips), which was similar to a VHS standard-play mode (SP). Originally, VHS recorded two hours of video at 1.31 ips. Betamax's smaller-sized cassettes were not able to contain as much magnetic tape as VHS cassettes. They could not compete fit longer lengths of tape into the cassettes to match VHS's two-hour recording time. Instead, Sony had to slow the tape speed down to 0.787 ips (Beta II) in order to reach two hours of video recording in the same cassette size. This meant that the television picture produced by a Betamax tape was worse than VHS when comparing two-hour recordings. Sony eventually released a longer Betamax cassette called Beta III which allowed NTSC Betamax to record more than two hours, but by then VHS had already won the format war.

VHS also used a less complicated set of mechanisms to read the magnetic tape than Betamax, and VHS machines were faster at rewinding (winding the magnetic tape back to its starting place so that the video starts from the beginning the next time) and fast-forwarding than Betamax machines.

In countries that use the PAL and SECAM technical standards for their television broadcasting, Betamax's recording time was similar to VHS and the picture on the television was at least as good as VHS.

In the late 1990s and throughout the 2000s, the DVD player replaced the VCR as the most common way to watch movies on a home television. The VCR sales dropped later, causing the VCR to be used less by people. VCRs are still available, but fewer stores offer them, because fewer people want them.

DVD player

A DVD player is a home media device that plays DVDs (also called "digital versatile discs"). The first DVD player was created by Sony and Pacific Digital Company and released in Japan on November 1, 1996. The DVD player would later be released in the United States on March 19, 1997. 

Labour (economics)

Labour or labor is work done by people. Labor is one of three factors of production. The other two factors are land and capital. 

People who can work are also known as human capital, referring not necessarily to what they actually do, but to their abilities.


Zach Braff

Zachary Israel Braff (born April 6, 1975) is an American actor, film director, producer and screenwriter. He became famous in the early 2000s playing the part of "Dr. John Dorian" on the NBC/ABC series "Scrubs". Since then, he has written, starred in and directed the "Garden State". He also has directed multiple music videos. Braff is a Democrat and attended the 2012 Democratic National Convention in support of President Obama's re-election. He directed his first movie. It is called "Wish I Was Here".


Scrubs (TV series)

Scrubs is an American sitcom. It is about doctors and nurses in a hospital, and the title "Scrubs" comes from the name of the clothes they wear to keep themselves from getting dirty.

The series, which ran for nine seasons, was well known for its creative flashbacks and fantasies.
The first season introduces John Michael "J.D." Dorian and his best friend Christopher Turk in their first year out of medical school as interns at Sacred Heart Hospital.

Flashback

A flashback is a technique used by writers which is often used in movies, television and literature. It involves a character remembering something that happened to him in the past. "Scrubs" is a television show that uses "flashbacks" often.

The term is also used colloquially, to describe lingering effects of a drug (such as LSD), or memories of a bad experience triggered by things in the present.

Widescreen

Widescreen is a video format with a greater aspect ratio than 4:3. Widescreens have long been used in some movies. In the early 21st century it also became very popular for television and other things like Computer monitors. 

Widescreen is often used as a nickname for the 16:9 aspect ratio of television screens. This means that if the television screen was sixteen inches wide it would have to be nine inches tall. Most 20th century television screens were 4:3 which means if it was four inches wide it would have to be three inches tall. A widescreen could be any size with the same ratio. For example, a screen could be 32 feet wide and 18 feet tall and still be considered widescreen.

Marketing

Marketing is activity that connects producers with customers. It may be B2B (business to business) marketing or B2C (business to consumer). It may include market research and advertising. 

The term "marketing", what is commonly known as attracting customers, incorporates knowledge gained by studying the management of exchange relationships and is the business process of identifying, anticipating and satisfying customers' needs and wants. 






Kirkkonummi

Kirkkonummi () is a municipality in Uusimaa, Finland. As of January 2014, almost 38,000 people lived in Kirkkonummi. It has an area of . 

Most people speak Finnish, almost 80%.

Kirkkonummi is close to the capital city, Helsinki. Other neighbouring municipalies are Espoo, Vihti and Siuntio.

Kirkkonummi was established in 1330.

Buildings and structures: Finland's tallest structure is a tower that is 185 m tall.


Christian Klein

Christian Klein is a German manager who is the current chief executive officer at SAP SE.

Storage

Storage means the "act of keeping things" and the "place" where you keep them.

That may be:










Publishing

Publishing is making information available for public view. A publisher makes and sells literature or information. Publishers can pay their authors, or authors who want to be published can pay the publisher. Sometimes authors are their own publishers.

Traditionally, publishing means the creation and distribution of printed works such as books and newspapers. Since the late 20th century it can also mean internet publishing.

A publication is the product of publishing.



Song dynasty

The Song dynasty ruled in China from 960–1279. It was started by Emperor Taizu of Song who forced the state of Later Zhou out of power before reuniting China. This ended the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period. 

There are two periods of Song dynasty history: Northern Song and Southern Song. Northern Song lasted from 960 to 1127 and controlled most of China. Southern Song was formed after Northern Song had lost control of North China to the Jin dynasty. Southern Song's capital was in Hangzhou and lasted from 1127 to 1279. Southern Song was conquered by the Mongols. 

The Northern Song Dynasty ruled in China from 960 to 1127. The first emperor, Emperor Taizu of Song, set the capital in Bianliang (now we call this city Kaifeng) in northern China. The Northern Song Dynasty enjoyed the highest economic and cultural prosperity during the ancient Chinese history. 

Great Red Spot

The Great Red Spot is a hurricane on the surface of the planet Jupiter. It is so big that two or three Earths could fit inside it. It has been going on for at least 340 years.


Sodomy

Since about the Middle Ages, sodomy is used for sexual acts that do not have the purpose procreation (making babies). In general, this refers to anal or oral sex. In some cases, it is also used to refer to sex with animals (which is usually called zoophilia). Depending on the time, the society and culture, there were laws that made sodomy a crime. Today, such laws have been overturned, or they are not enforced, in many countries of the world.

Countries where religion plays a large role may still have punishments for such crimes, as they are often mentioned in the scriptures of the religion which is important in the country.

Such laws, called sodomy laws, are sometimes also used to criminalize homosexuality.

Bipolar disorder

Bipolar disorder (also known as manic depression) is a mental illness where a person will have repeated, long-lasting feelings (episodes) of high (mania) and low mood (depression). It may occur with or without cycles of normal mood, called euthymia. A mixed episode occurs when both mania and depression are present at the same time. People with bipolar disorder experience the whole spectrum of emotional feelings from unimaginable grief to full blown euphoria whereas normal people experience only a section of the spectrum of emotional feelings somewhere between extreme grief and extreme happiness.

"Bipolar" literally means "two poles" or two extremes in how much energy the brain has. Sometimes, a person can experience something called mania. Mania is when a person's brain goes into a high-energy state. When in a high-energy state, mania can cause extreme emotions such as panic attacks or extreme happiness such as euphoria. This feeling is often followed by a period of depression, which is a low-energy state. A person who is depressed may act sad or hopeless. People with bipolar disorder switch between these two states.

People who are in a manic state are often over-confident and very optimistic. This can cause them to take large risks and do things that are not normal for them to do. Manic episodes last for at least a week, but can last as long as three to six months. They are usually followed by a depressive episode. A person who is manic may talk very quickly with no pauses, have thoughts that change very quickly, or act without thinking. They may also experience psychosis, where they cannot tell what is real and what is not. They may think that they are unstoppable or that they are on a mission for God. Mania may become so severe that it can affect the person’s ability to work or interact with others. Every person is different, so it is important to remember that these things do not happen to all people with bipolar disorder.

Hypomania is a less extreme version of mania. Someone who is hypomanic will have symptoms similar to mania. They may have increased energy and may deny that anything is wrong. A hypomanic episode may last from a few days to a few months.

People who are in a depressive state are often sad and pessimistic. They may lose interest in activities they usually like, or become isolated and lonely. Other symptoms include anxiety, hopelessness, changes in sleep, and suicidal thoughts. A depressive episode can last from a few weeks to several months. When bipolar disorder develops at a young age, the first few episodes are usually depressive. Because a manic or hypomanic episode is needed to diagnose bipolar disorder, some people are diagnosed with major depression at first.

Bipolar disorder is an illness that can show in different ways. It is often diagnosed in adolescents or young adults. A few subtypes have been identified; these subtypes mostly describe the nature of the "episodes" of the disease:

The exact cause of bipolar disorder is unknown. It is estimated that there is a 71 percent chance of bipolar disorder passing from parent to child. If one identical twin has bipolar disorder, there is a 40 to 70 percent chance that the other will develop bipolar disorder in their lifetime. MRI studies have shown that certain parts of the brain responsible for mood regulation are larger in bipolar patients. It is also possible for bipolar disorder to develop after a stroke, brain injury, or certain infections.Bipolar disorder can also be triggered due to certain environmental factors such as undergoing stressful events, overwhelming problems of everyday life, certain medications or recreational drugs.

Like most mental illnesses, there are ways to treat bipolar disorder. The most common way to treat bipolar disorder is by using medications called mood stabilizers. These medicines prevent and control the manic and depressive episodes. One of the most common mood stabilizers is lithium. Therapy can also be used to control the symptoms. The same treatments and medicines do not work for everyone, and it is not uncommon for people to have symptoms return if they stop taking medication. Things like this can make bipolar disorder a difficult illness to live with, but educating patients about it makes it easier. Sometimes, people need to be treated against their will. Patients may be thinking about or have tried to commit suicide, or they may be unable to see their situation properly. In many cases, teaching people about their disease helps. When they have gone through the phases of the illness a few times, they often see that treatment can make their life easier.




The Left Party.PDS

The Left Party.PDS (in German: Die Linkspartei or Linkspartei.PDS) was a left-winged political party in Germany. After joining with another political party, it became "Die Linke", or "The Left" in 2007.

After the end of the GDR in 1990, the former Socialist Unity Party of Germany "Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands" (SED) changed to the SED-PDS and later to the Partei des Demokratischen Sozialismus (PDS).
In the former GDR it was very successful in state elections and it had a small group in the federal parliament. But it always failed in Western Germany.

In the 2000s there were a lot of changes of job policy and ways of helping people in need. People that restrictions hurt the poorer and unemployed people in Germany. These reforms were made by the Social democrats SPD and the Greens, who were traditionally the left-wing parties in Germany.

Some people, who left the SPD and some people from Trade Unions founded the Electors Association for Work and Social Justice "Wahlgemeinschaft Arbeit und Soziale Gerechtigkeit" (WASG) in Western Germany. Many students.
They - and although the PDS - realized that there was no chance to win mandates in elections as concurrents. So they decided to found a new party, Die Linkspartei.

In the last federal elections they joined the parliament; in the state of Berlin they joined the state government.

Die Linkspartei is a left-wing party. It is the only party in the federal parliament which views jobs and people as being more important than letting companies make as much money as they want. 

They want to have more people employed directly by government bodies instead of having private companies doing jobs for the government. They also want higher taxes on the rich and those who make all or most of their money from the capital market and deals using their money instead of working at actual jobs.

They are against study fees and want to have only a comprehensive school ("gesamtschule") instead of two or three different types of further school in most German states.

Their foreign policy follows the old position of the Green Party "Bündnis 90/Die Grüne" and are strictly against any German soldiers fighting. They are still talking about allowing German soldiers to be in the peace keeping missions of the United Nations.

In the field of civil rights they copied the position of the Greens, as well.

Laptop

A laptop is a computer which is easy to carry around. A modern laptop is self-contained, with a screen, keyboard and pointing device (like a touchpad or pointing stick), plus usually, speakers, a microphone and a camera (webcam). This is all powered by a built-in rechargeable battery, however, the user can also plug the laptop in, to use it and recharge the battery at the same time. Also, most other external devices can be attached if required. The laptop screen folds down over the keyboard, along a hinge, for carrying.

Laptops have advantages over desktop computers, such as:

Disadvantages of portable computers include:

Like computers themselves, portable microcomputers were not invented at any one time by one person. They developed gradually. 

The "Portal," from the French company R2E Micral CCMC, appeared in September 1980 at the SICOB show in Paris. Its keyboard had 58 alphanumeric keys and 11 numeric keys (separate blocks), a 32-character LED screen, a floppy disk drive, a printer and a 220V power supply. It weighed 12 kg (26 pounds) and its dimensions were 45 cm × 45 cm × 15 cm (18 in x 18 in x 6 in). It had no hinge and its operating system was Prolog.

Some historians, however, count as the first "true" portable the "Osborne 1". It was created in 1981 by Adam Osborne who was also a former book publisher. He was the founder of Osborne Computer. His portable computer weighed 11 kg (24 pounds) and had a five-inch (13 cm) screen, a serial port and two floppy disk drives. Several programs were included with the Osborne 1. Customers could also buy a 1-hour battery pack.

The first "laptop-sized notebook computer" was the Epson HX-20, released in July 1982. It had a four-line, liquid crystal display (LCD) screen, a rechargeable battery, and a receipt-size printer, in a 1.6 kg (3.5 lb) body, the size of an A4 notebook. It was described as a "laptop" and "notebook" computer in its patent. 

The first computer to use the "clamshell" design which is used in almost all modern laptop designs, was the GRiD Systems Corporation's "GriD Compass, released in April 1982". This computer was one fifth the weight of any other computer used at that time, however, it required mains power, because it had no battery. Despite this, they were very popular with the Military of the United States amd NASA, who used the laptop in its Space Shuttle program, in the 1980s.

Also in 1982, two computer designers from Microsoft, Kazuhiko Nishi and Bill Gates, worked on a new portable computer. The prototype was presented to Radio Shack, who agreed to start making it. It was launched in 1983, as the TRS-80 Model 100, which had an eight-line LCD screen. In 1986, the improved version, called TRS Model 200, was released, which had a much larger, fold-down LCD screen, and looked pretty much like the laptops that we know today. 

The next few years saw the appearance of a laptop PC from Compaq Computers and the first notebook-style laptop from NEC called NEC UltraLite. The year 1989 was quite successful for laptop producers. First, there was Apple Computer that developed the Macintosh Portable, the evolution of which turned it into the PowerBook. Then a company named Zenith Data Systems introduced its Zenith MinisPort – a portable computer weighing 6 pounds (2.5 kg). Finally, there was Compaq Computers, who released the Compaq LTE.

The development of laptops is continuing, with various upgrades and additional functions added, including various pointing devices and disk drives, colour screens and touch screens, all while the devices tended to get smaller and lighter. Notebook or netbook computers are small laptops with screens of about 10 inches (25cm) or less, but no disk drives. Despite these advances, after 2010, people bought fewer laptops because of the popularity of tablet computers, which are even more portable.

In 2005, an organisation called One Laptop Per Child started trying to improve education using cheap laptops.


Notebook

A notebook is a collection of sheets of paper, bound as a book or leaflet. It can be used to make notes and to draw things. Some notebooks also have a printed calendar.

InuYasha

Inuyasha is a manga and anime series created by Rumiko Takahashi.

Fifty years ago, a priestess named Kikyo had a relationship with a half–demon named Inuyasha. When they oppose each other, Inuyasha becomes unconscious and Kikyo dies from her injury while keeping the Shikon Jewel (Shikon no Tama), she leaves her sister (Kaede) alive. Kagome is a teenage student, who discovers a well in her house and ends up traveling to the past. She meets and rescues Inuyasha, who slept in a sacred tree for fifty years. Kagome learns that she is Kikyo's reincarnation and had the jewel inside her body, which the demon extracted it. The magical necklace allows Inuyasha to control his behaviour. Kagome inadvertently shatters the jewel into pieces, which Naraku uses one of them to summon the army of incarnations. Inuyasha recruits a few allies on his journey. As Kikyo dies again, Inuyasha defeats Naraku, making the jewel vanished from the world and Kagome is sent back to the present day. Three years later, Miroku and Sango have three children, Rin lives with Kaede, and Kagome returns to the feudal era after graduating from high school.

Kurt Schumacher

Kurt Schumacher (born 13 October 1895 in Kulm, West Prussia (now Chełmno in Poland) - died 20 August 1952 in Bonn) was a German politician. He was leader of the SPD from 1946 to 1952 and speaker of the SPD in the Bundestag 1949-1952.

Schumacher was the son of a salesman. When World War I started, he left school to join the German army. In December 1914, he was badly hurt. His arm had to be removed. After this, he went back to school in Berlin to study Law and politics. While there, he became a socialist. In 1924, he was elected to the legislature in Württemberg. He became the SPD leader for Württemberg in 1928. In 1930, he was elected to the national legislature, the Reichstag.

After the Nazis took control of Germany, Schumacher was arrested. He was beaten badly in prison. He was put into concentration camps for the next ten years. In 1943, Schumacher was set free because of his bad health. He was arrested again in 1944 and stayed in the concentration camps until the British set them free in April 1945.

After the World War II, Schumacher put the SPD back together. He was first chief of the Social democrats in West Germany after the WWII. He was also their first speaker in the federal parliament (Bundestag) and first leader of opposition in the Bundestag.

In 1952, Schumacher died in Bonn.

Free Democratic Party (Germany)

The Free Democratic Party or Freie Demokratische Partei, short FDP (from 1968 to 2001 F.D.P.) is a political party in Germany. The party advocates for a more free market economy. Although they agree to some aspects of the German welfare state, they want to see a reduction in government spending and a movement to privatization.

Several liberal parties have existed in Germany since the 19th century.
The FDP was founded in West Germany in September 1945 in the state of Hamburg. It became member of the state parliament of Hamburg in its first election.
Similar liberal parties were founded in other German states, most of them successful in getting mandates.
In 1947, on March 17th, the "Demokratische Partei Deutschlands" (DPD) was founded as a whole-Germany liberal party by Theodor Heuss and Wilhelm Külz, but it broke down after a short while.

On 11 December 1948 the FDP was founded as a liberal party for West Germany.
Chief of the party was Theodor Heuss. The next important man was Thomas Dehler.

In its first years the main part of the party followed a national-liberal way. Liberal in the economical field, but very conserative in most other fields.
But in every state it had its own way.

The FDP was the smaller partner of the CDU under Konrad Adenauer. It was member of the West German government from 1949 to 1966.

In 1969 the FDP returned to government. But now the FDP was partner of the Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands under Willy Brandt, later Helmut Schmidt.

The party changed its values. Left-liberal positions were the leading ideas of the FDP at that time and included ideas like
civil rights and giving everyone the chance for a good education (guaranteed state stipendia, no more study fees, more higher education schools).

It changed again in 1982, when the government crashed on Schmidt and elected Helmut Kohl of the CDU as the new chancellor.
It became more and more a single issue party with its only interest in a low tax tariff - especially for high incomes.
It fought for study fees now and against social security. It secretary general said one day "We are the party of the best-incomes".

In 1998 it lost its power and became part of the parliamentary opposition.
In some state parliaments the FDP is still in power as junior partner of the CDU.

The party's unofficial motto is "So viel Staat wie nötig, so wenig Staat wie möglich!", meaning "as much state as necessary, as little state as possible!"



Alliance 90/The Greens

Alliance 90/The Greens (), commonly referred to as "(The) Greens", is a political party in Germany. It was formed in 1992 by the Western German party "Die Grünen" and the Eastern German "Bündnis '90". Its main interests are ecology, civil rights, equality between men and women and the chances of immigrants in the German society.

In the 1970s, there were a lot of protests against nuclear power in Germany. The protesters had no support in the political parties in Germany so they got the idea to create their own party.

This Party was founded under the Name "Die Grünen" in Karlsruhe on 13 January 1980.

Since their aims were for civil rights and ecology, a lot of former Anti Vietnam War protesters joined the party. The Greens were pacifists and strictly against nuclear weapons. They wanted to reach a de-militarized Europe. After a short while some right-winged people left the party, so they became a centre-left party. The party has centrist and left-wing factions.

First chiefs of the party were Herbert Gruhl and Petra Kelly. Its current co-leaders are Ricarda Lang and Omid Nouripour, who were elected as the party's co-leaders in January 2022.

In the old GDR, a Green party was founded in 1989 and joined to the Western Greens in 1990. In 1993 the Bündnis 90 - a civil rights movement from the former GDR - and Die Grünen joined them.

In 1998 they joined the federal government under Gerhard Schröder together with the Social Democrats.

Alliance '90/The Greens support green politics. One of their main issues is saving the earth - especially the climate - without using nuclear power.

Another issue raised by the party is the integration and the chances of immigrants in Germany.

In the foreign policy the Green changed their position in their first period in federal government. Before that time they wanted German soldiers only to allow peace keeping missions of the United Nations, many Greens wanted a de-militarized Germany. After their legislative period - with main influence of foreign secretary Fischer - they accepted to join international military missions e.g. in Afganisthan. But their main issue is to avoid conflicts by development policy and international cooperation. Main issues of foreign policy are international envoirementional and climate saving projects like the Kyoto protocoll, the development of the European Union and a reform of the international law like the installing of the International Crime Court in The Hague.


Christian Social Union of Bavaria

The Christian Social Union of Bavaria or Christlich Soziale Union (short CSU) is a conservative political party in the German state of Bavaria.

In the federal parliament of Germany (Bundestag) the CSU and the CDU join together in a political alliance to form the main centre-right group in Germany.

Its chief is Horst Seehofer.

In 1945, two local CSU groups were founded. One in Würzburg and the other in Munich.

In January 1946 the CSU was founded for the whole of Bavaria.

All state elections of Bavaria were won by the CSU. Sometimes the CSU had to make some coalitions with the Bayernpartei (Bavarian Party), the FDP or the SPD.

In the federal government the CSU always joins with the CDU.

The CSU is more conservative than the CDU.

One very famous leader of the CSU was Franz Josef Strauß. Sometimes he was well known for the good that he did. Other times because of scandals.

The CSU is a very conservative party according to the people of Bavaria, who mainly live in the countryside and smaller towns and villages.

Traditionally it tried to make a compromise between conservative tradition and social welfare.

Currently it leans to more free market beliefs instead of social care.

Christian Democratic Union of Germany

The Christian Democratic Union of Germany or "Christlich Demokratische Union Deutschlands (CDU)" is one of the two main right of centre political parties in Germany. It describes itself as a Christian democratic and conservative party.

In November 2005 the Federal leader of the CDU Angela Merkel became the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany; she left office in December 2021. It is currently led by General Secretary Carsten Linnemann, who was given his position in July 2023. The party's president is Friedrich Merz.

The CDU was founded after World War II. The first German Chancellor was Konrad Adenauer, a member of the CDU. He ruled from 1949 to 1963. During the Government of Helmut Kohl (1982-1998), Germany was reunited.

The CDU was the Government Party for most of the younger German history, only from 1969 to 1982 and from 1998 to 2005 there have been Chancellors from different parties.

The CDU has more than 400,000 members. It has 255 of 631 Members of Parliament in the German Parliament (Deutscher Bundestag) and 34 of 99 Members of European Parliament of Germany.

Income

Income is the money that someone gets for business activities. For individuals income usually means their wages or salary before any tax and other deductions have been made by their employer. Overall it is the amount you earn after all outstanding deductions have been made. Gross income is the income from all sources including wages or salary.

For business, there is a difference between the US, where it most often means the amount of money that a company earns after paying for all its costs, and the world outside the U.S., where the term is usually profit or earnings.



Theory of computation

The theory of computation is a branch of mathematics. Generally it is seen as belonging to computer science. The field of study of this subject is to see if a certain problem can be solved by a computer. If this is the case, then the question is to know if it can be solved in an efficient way. 

There are two major branches in it. The first is computability theory. It looks to see if a certain problem can be solved by a computer. Since this is a theoretical field of study, no real computers are used. They are replaced by a system called the Turing machine.

Once it is known if such a solution exists, computer scientists want to know if it can be found, and perhaps how it can be improved. This field of study is covered by the complexity theory. That theory has developed concepts to compare different methods of solving a problem to one another. Such methods are usually called algorithms. This is similar to comparing cooking recipes and seeing which of two recipes is easier to do.

Jermaine Jackson

Jermaine La Jaune Jackson (December 11, 1954) is an American singer, recording artist, dancer and bass guitarist. He is a former member of The Jackson 5 group, brother of Janet Jackson & brother of late American pop star Michael Jackson. In 1980 he was nominated for a Grammy Award. He was a housemate in Celebrity Big Brother UK 2007. In September 2009, he planned a memorial fan based concert for Michael in historic part of Vienna, Austria but not many big stars registered so the event was canceled. He hopes more top stars will show up for July 2, 2010 worldwide tribute in Europe.

On December 15, 1973, Jackson married Hazel Joy Gordy.

Jermaine always sternly defended his brother Michael without exception; in life and in death he officially represented Michael on behalf of Jackson family & friends. 

Jackson has eight children. They are Jermaine Jr., Autumn, Dawn, Jeremy, Jaimy, Joudynn, Jaffar and Jermajesty. 

On February 22, 2013 his second name was changed to Jacksun for "artistic reasons".

Jermaine Jackson was a Jehovah's Witness.


Wilhelm Hauff

Wilhelm Hauff (29 November 1802 – 18 November 1827) was a German poet and novelist.

Some of his works are very popular in German speaking countries to this day, such as Der kleine Muck, Kalif Storch and Die Geschichte von dem Gespensterschiff — all set in the Orient and Der Zwerg Nase, Das kalte Herz and Das Wirtshaus im Spessart, the three are set in Germany.



Link (unit)

A link, also called a Gunter’s link, was a unit of length in the imperial and US customary systems. Links were commonly used in measuring land in the English-speaking world before the twentieth century, but are never used. "Link" is abbreviated as "ln". It was invented by Edmund Gunter, a professor of astronomy at Gresham College, London, the same man who made the chain. He made the link as a low-technology piece of equipment that could survey small areas of land very accurately, whereas the chain could measure towns and large areas of land.

Algebraic structure

In mathematics an algebraic structure is a set with one, two, or more binary operations on it. The binary operation takes two elements of the set as inputs, and gives one element of the set as an output.

The basic algebraic structures with one binary operation are the following:

The basic algebraic structures with two binary operations are the following:

Examples are






Rod (unit)

A rod, a perch or a pole is a unit of length in the imperial and US systems.

In medieval times English ploughmen used a wooden stick with a pointed tip to spur or guide their oxen. The rod was the length of this stick. In use from the 6th century, its modern value was standardized in the 12th century with Composito Ulnarum et Perticarum.

The rod is still in use as a unit of measure in certain specialised fields. In recreational canoeing, overland paths where canoes must be carried are measured in rods. This is probably because the length of a typical canoe is about one rod.

In the episode of "The Simpsons" entitled "A Star is Burns", Grampa Simpson said "My car gets forty rods to the hogshead, and that's the way I likes it!" That's about 1.2 litres per metre, 12 feet per imperial gallon or 10 feet per U.S. gallon.



Chain (unit)

A chain was a unit of length. It is part of the imperial and United States customary systems. It was used for measuring land. The short way of writing chains is ch.

There are a number of different definitions of the chain, from 50 to 100 feet long. In the imperial system, one chain is equal to 66 feet or 20.1168 metres. This is also called a "Gunter's chain", "surveyor's chain" or "land chain".

The chain was originally called an "acre's breadth", because it was the width of a acre, while a furlong was the length.

Edmund Gunter, a clergyman and mathematician, invented a measuring device called a chain. The chain was long. It was divided by 100 in small metal links. The links were made of thick wire with a loop at each end. The links were connected to each other by three rings. There were brass handles at each end. People folded the chain up, link by link, and carried it in their hand. The name "chain" comes from these devices.

The unit was once important in everyday life in the United Kingdom and its colonies and in the United States. People used it when they made maps and planned out cities and towns. Land was surveyed and measured using these chains. Even after more accurate ways of measuring land were invented, many people continued to use the chain as a unit because land had already been surveyed in this method for so long.

In England, it is still used in old railways, along with miles. The length of a cricket pitch is one chain.

The Gunter's chain is the standard unit.


Furlong

A furlong is a unit for measuring distance. It is part of the imperial and US customary systems. It is equal to . There are eight furlongs in a mile.

The unit was first used in the ninth century at the latest. The word "furlong" comes from Old English words "furh" ("furrow") and "lang" ("long"). Originally it was the length of the furrow in one acre of a ploughed field. An acre is an area that is one furlong long and one chain wide. For this reason, the furlong was once also called an "acre's length". Around the year 1300, England standardized the furlong as 40 rods or 660 feet.

The length of the furlong was standardized between South Africa, Australia, United Kingdom, Canada , New Zealand and the United States in the International Pound and Yard Agreement.

The furlong was abolished for official use in the UK in 1985. It is still occasionally seen on road signs in Myanmar.

Distances for horse racing in the UK, Ireland, and Canada are still given in miles and furlongs. The unit is not used otherwise. It is considered to be an "archaic" unit.

The proverb "one furlong per fortnight" means to express something in as obscure and little-used units as possible. (A fortnight is two weeks, or fourteen days). The proverb itself means speed, and is the same as 0.000166309524 m/s or 0.17 mm/s.

Stefan Zweig

Stefan Zweig (; November 28, 1881 – February 22, 1942) was an Austrian writer of Jewish descent. He was born in Vienna. He volunteered to be a soldier in the First World War, and got the post as a military commentator. This made him an enemy of war. The Nazis gained power in Germany in 1933, and their influence could be felt in Austria as well. 1934, Stefan Zweig emigrated, first to London, then to South America. That way he lost much of his audience. He committed suicide (together with his second wife) by barbiturate overdose in Petropolis, Rio de Janeiro in 1942.

He has written many books and poems. One of his best-known works is called "'Schachnovelle" ("The Royal Game", in English. In it, he describes a Chess player, that is forced to play against himself (while imprisoned). He explores the theme of madness. This book inspired the movie Geri's Game, made by Pixar in 1997.



Leeward Islands (Society Islands)

The Leeward Islands are parts of the Society Islands in French Polynesia. 

Complexity theory

Complexity theory is a type of Computer science. It looks at how hard a problem is to do for a computer, and how good particular solutions (algorithms) to that problem are. Different algorithms that solve a problem may be better or worse in multiple ways. An algorithm may be faster than some other algorithm, but it may need more resources, like memory.

Part of complexity theory is understanding how algorithms perform in their worst-case scenario. An algorithm's worst-case scenario is a problem that will take a long time, or lots of resources, to solve. If people know how good an algorithm is in its worst case, they can guarantee that the algorithm will be at least that good in "every" case. People are also interested in how a certain algorithm does on average; many algorithms are very inefficient in their worst case, but are okay on most cases. Knowing how good an algorithm is on average lets people know what to generally expect when using that algorithm.


Binary operation

In mathematics, a binary operation, often shown as *, on a set is a way of combining a pair of elements in that set that results in another element of the set. For example, if we take a pair of natural numbers and let the operation * be addition, then their sum is also a natural number, and is the result of applying this particular binary operation. Another example of an operation on the natural numbers is multiplication. For instance, take the natural numbers 2 and 3. When multiplied together they give 6, another natural number.

Others: The sum between matrices. The composition of functions. The union and the intersection of sets are also two different binary operations on the set of all sets, or on subsets in a power set.

Kubuntu

Kubuntu is a version of the free Linux distribution Ubuntu. It uses the desktop environment KDE instead of GNOME. Most of the software used in Kubuntu, is part of the KDE project, but all other software used in Ubuntu can also be used.

Because the only difference of Kubuntu and Ubuntu is the default software, an Ubuntu system can turn into a Kubuntu system, or a Kubuntu system into an Ubuntu system, only by installing some software.

Some examples of changes in software:



Xubuntu

Xubuntu is a free Linux distribution based on Ubuntu. It uses the Xfce desktop environment.

List of Linux distributions


Edubuntu

Edubuntu is the version of Linux distribution Ubuntu. It is used for education. It uses GNOME and is designed for use in classrooms.

Edubuntu has been created in collaboration with teachers and technologists in multiple nations. Edubuntu is built on top of the Ubuntu base, and incorporates education-specific applications, designed for the 6–18 years age group.

Included with Edubuntu is the Linux Terminal Server Project, a large number of educational applications including GCompris, KDE Edutainment Suite, The first Edubuntu release coincided with the release of Ubuntu 5.10, which was called "Breezy Badger" on 2005. Edubuntu CDs can be ordered for free through the official website service.

The principal design goals of Edubuntu are easier configuration, users and processes, together with ways for working together in classrooms. Equally important is the gathering together of the best available free software and digital materials for education.



Dissociative identity disorder

Dissociative identity disorder (DID), is a mental disorder. Its old name was multiple personality disorder. It is listed in the mental health diagnosis manual DSM IV. 

DID is one of the most controversial mental disorders because people disagree about what causes it. The main symptoms of DID are a person showing two or more "identities" or "personality states". The person behaves differently depending on which identity is in control. The second important symptom is when a person forgets important, personal things which people normally do not forget. 

A person is not diagnosed with DID if the symptoms are caused by drugs, illness, or (with children) pretending to play with imaginary friends. Doctors must also rule out pretending to have DID for attention or sympathy, and malingering (pretending to have DID for some personal gain). Most patients with DID are also diagnosed with other mental disorders.

The DSM IV uses the terms "identity", "personality states" and "alternate identities" when talking about DID and other people use the term "alters" to mean the same thing. These words can be confusing since not everyone uses the same definition. Professionals have not agreed on a specific definition for a personality; other terms, including dissociation and amnesia, may also be defined differently by different professionals. When talking about DID, saying someone changes personalities or alters means the person speaks and acts differently, and usually responds to a different name.

Dissociation is a symptom. Most people experience normal dissociation, where they stop paying attention to what is happening around them. People with DID have pathological dissociation, which is much more serious. It involves problems with memory and attention that make it hard for people to work, shop and have relationships with other people. Everyone can dissociate but some people can do it much more easily and to an extreme that can be unhealthy. Some doctors think trauma causes dissociation which is seen in disorders like DID.

According to the DSM-IV, the symptoms of DID are "the presence of two or more distinct identities or personality states" (which are often called "alters"), as well as forgetting things that people normally don't forget. Also, the symptoms cannot be caused by drugs or normal childhood play. People can report having a lot of alters, or just a couple. Most people diagnosed with DID have less than ten, though some have said they have several thousand. A person diagnosed with DID cannot be diagnosed with another dissociative disorder. Because people with DID hear voices of different alters, it may be confused with schizophrenia. However, the two problems are very different and doctors can usually tell if a patient has DID or schizophrenia by asking the right questions. DID is always diagnosed by what patients tell their doctors and what the doctor thinks this means. There are no objective tests using blood or machines that can tell if someone has DID. Though people have tried diagnosing and studying DID using medical imaging or brain scanning.
The DSM uses the following criteria to diagnose DID:

The International Classification of Diseases-10 (ICD-10) uses the term multiple personality disorder instead of dissociative identity disorder. It classifies DID in section F44.8, "Other dissociative [conversion] disorders".

There are two main ideas about what causes DID, but there is still disagreement about which is correct. The trauma theory says that DID is caused by parents or families that abuse or neglect their children. Some of these children deny the abuse is happening or pretend it is happening to someone else, and this eventually becomes a different identity or alter. Most people diagnosed with DID say they remember being abused by their parents or other caregivers when they were children. When asked about their childhood, patients with DID are more likely to say they were abused or neglected than people with any other diagnosis. However, the idea that DID develops in childhood is disputed because childhood memories are not very reliable and it is not clear if the abuse actually happened. Though DID has been diagnosed in children, there are reasons to believe the diagnosis is because of the influence of parents and doctors rather than abuse. There is not enough good scientific evidence about DID in childhood to be sure DID is actually caused by abuse or something else. 

The iatrogenic or sociocognitive model (SCM) of DID says it is created during psychotherapy when the therapist creates false memories and patients become convinced they have multiple personalities. Some patients may be more likely to develop DID in these circumstances because they are naturally more likely to accept their therapists are right about DID. SCM supporters also think that patients have seen DID in movies and books, and this shows them how people with DID are supposed to behave, which makes it easier for them to change their behavior when they are supposed to be a new alter. They also say the criteria used by the DSM are unclear which makes it hard to agree on whether a patient has DID or another diagnosis.

A middle position says that trauma may change how the brain remembers things which makes it easier to remember things that did not actually happen. It has also been suggested that early trauma may make children more likely to use their imaginations to pretend abuse or other painful situations are not happening, and if they enter therapy when they are older, it is easier for therapists to convince them they have DID.

There is no treatment approach that has been scientifically proven to work. Most therapists who treat patients with DID use several different approaches. Therapy usually lasts for several years, and does not always work. Some therapists try to reduce or eliminate the alters so the patient only has one personality, while others do not. The ISSTD recommends first improving a patient's ability to deal with symptoms and live more normal lives, then trying to deal with traumatic memories. The final step is bringing all the identities together so the patient can access all of their memories.

Sometimes patients with DID will get better without any help, but this is not common. Patients with more diagnoses than just DID often take longer to improve.

There have been no large-scale studies to learn how common DID is. The ISSTD says DID occurs in between 1 and 3% in the general population, and between 1 and 5% in groups of patients in hospitals. DID is more common in women than in men but this may be caused by men with DID being sent to prison instead of hospitals. The number of people diagnosed with DID increased from about 200 in 1970 to about 20,000 in the 1990s. According to the ISSTD this is because doctors did not have the training or experience to recognize DID. Instead they diagnosed people with depression, PTSD or borderline personality disorder. People who support the SCM say the increase in diagnoses was because a small number of doctors diagnosed a large number of people and because a large number of therapists began using types of psychotherapy that made people think they had DID.

Before 1900 it was thought DID was caused by spirits or ghosts who controlled people's behavior. The first case of DID described in medicine was in 1646 by the Swiss doctor Paracelsus. DID was very uncommon until the 1970s. Between 1980 and 1990 the number of cases reported in medicine went from about 200 to more than 20,000. In 1994, the 4th edition of the DSM was published, which changed the name from "multiple personality disorder" to "dissociative identity disorder". The DSM also changed how DID was diagnosed. Many scientific articles were written about DID during the same period, though after 1995 the number of articles published every year decreased. Today there is little research on DID.

Even though DID is a very rare, there are a lot of books, plays and movies about people with DID. In 1886 Robert Louis Stevenson published the short book "The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" which was very popular. People later thought that Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde were examples of someone with DID. "The Three Faces Of Eve" was a movie made in 1957 about a woman with DID. "Sybil", a popular book about a woman with DID, was published in 1973. It was made into a movie in 1976, and a second time in 2007. A survey done in 2001 of American and Canadian psychiatrists found that there was a lot of disagreement and skepticism about diagnosing DID and if the diagnosis was based on enough good quality science.

There is also a DID community online. Online DID advocates believe that sometimes, DID should not be considered as a disease, but as multiplicity. They say multiplicity is a kind of neurodiversity, like being left-handed.

Lawyers and doctors who work with the law also consider DID to be very controversial. Since the 1990s, DID has become more common in courts. People have tried to avoid going to prison for such crimes as murder and serial rape by claiming to have DID, and lawyers and judges are concerned about people pretending to have DID to avoid going to prison. The first time this happened was in 1976, and since that time most people who commit crimes and claim it was because of DID have gone to prison.

Zucchini

Zucchini (British English: courgette) are a type of squash. Usually, they are served cooked. They can also be used as an ingredient in a sweet bread. They look similar to cucumbers.

The plant has three names in English, all of them meaning 'small marrow': "zucchini" (an Italian loanword), "courgette" (a French loanword), and "baby marrow" (South African English). "Zucchini" and "courgette" are doublets, both descending from the Latin .

Zoodles refer to spiraled Zucchini "noodles" used as an alternative to pasta.

The name "baby marrow" is used in South Africa to name a zucchini harvested when extremely young, as small as a finger.

Maarroo is used in Urdu, Pushtu and Punjabi for "Zucchini" in Pakistan. It is probably a distorted form of Marrow or baby marrow.

Civil service

A civil servant or public servant is an employee who works in the civilian career public sector for a government department or agency. Many consider the study of civil service to be a part of the field of public administration. Who is a civil servant and who is not is different in different countries.

Workers in non-departmental public bodies, (called Quangos in some countries) may also be called civil servants in context with statistics. All people that may be called civil servants together form a nation's Civil Service or Public Service.


Employee

An employee is a term for workers and managers working for a company, organization or community. These people are the staff of the organization. In general, any person hired by an employer to do a particular job in exchange for payment is an employee, but there are different kinds of employees. In some countries, employers are required by law to do certain things, like obey minimum wage laws, provide a safe workplace, and sometimes pay a tax. Employers also have to give their official employees benefits, like paying for health insurance. Because of this, some employers like to hire independent contractors to do work instead of regular employees. In the United States, a worker is an employee if their employer gets to tell them what do, how to do it, and when to do it in a material way and an independent contractor if they get to make their own decisions about how to do what the employer wants.

The relationship between employer and employee is different from that between the firm and a customer or client.

An employee usually has to provide a resume and have an interview before being offered a job.

Some employers like to hire independent contractors, or workers who are technically running their own businesses, because they do not have to follow all of the same laws. For example, in the United States, an employer has to some of the employee's social security taxes and the employee pays the rest. A self-employed person pays for all of his or her own social security taxes.

For example, if a company hires a plumber every time they need a leak or pipe fixed in their building, that plumber is an independent contractor. If a company hires a plumber to be part of their company, then that plumber is an employee. They must pay the employee plumber whether there are leaks to fix or not. They must obey any minimum wage laws that the country has. They must provide other things. But the employer gets to tell the employee plumber what to do and how to do it much more than an independent contractor plumber. They can make the employee plumber follow a dress code, while the independent plumber gets to wear what he or she wants. They can make the employee plumber come in or leave on a set schedule like other employees. The independent contractor plumber gets to decide when to come to work, usually by making an appointment with the employer.

Some companies like to hire independent contractors and then tell them exactly what to do and when to do it, like regular employees. They can get in trouble for this. In the United States, the Internal Revenue Service can sue companies that lie about whether their employees really are independent contractors.


Employer

An employer is a person or institution that hires employees. Employers offer wages or a salary to the workers in exchange for the worker's work or labor.

If the employee is paid by the hour, then the money the employee earns is called their wage. If the employee is paid a set rate per pay period, then the money they earn is called their salary. Wages are paid for all hours worked, including overtime, but a salary is typically not paid more for more hours worked than the minimum.

Employers include everything from people hiring a babysitter to governments and businesses which may hire many thousands of employees. In most western societies governments are the largest single employers, but most of the work force is employed in small and medium businesses in the private sector.


Public sector

The public sector is the part of economic and administrative life that deals with the delivery of goods and services by civil service and for the government, whether national, or local/. Examples of public sector activity range from delivering social welfare, administering infrastructure and urban planning and organising national defences.

Administration

Administration may refer to:





Kingdom Hearts II

Kingdom Hearts II is a video game from the "Kingdom Hearts" series for PlayStation 2. It has the characters of the Final Fantasy series and Walt Disney characters; for example Donald Duck, Goofy and Mickey Mouse. "Kingdom Hearts II" starts one year after the end of and continues the story from "Kingdom Hearts" and "Chain of Memories", for PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Advance. It was released in Japan on December 22, 2005, in North America on March 28, 2006, and in Europe on September 29, 2006.

In "Kingdom Hearts II", the player controls a 15-year-old boy named Sora. Sora goes through different worlds (based around many different Disney movies) fighting different enemies like Heartless and Nobodies. Occasionally, there will be enemies you have to defeat that are based on the world you are in, such as the cursed pirates in Pirates of the Caribbean.

The player starts the game controlling Roxas, a 15-year-old boy living in Twilight Town. He is on summer vacation with his three best friends, Hayner, Pence, and Olette. As a week goes by, strange things begin to happen. A man named Axel, a member of Organization XIII, becomes upset at Roxas for not remembering him. They fight, and Roxas discovers that he can use a Keyblade. Roxas also meets Naminé and a man named DiZ who was in Riku's side of "Chain of Memories". Naminé tells Roxas she has been changing his memories so he can become "whole" again. Axel tells Roxas they used to be friends and that he must either take Roxas back to the Organization or destroy him. They battle, and Axel disappears. Roxas then finds Sora, and disappears himself. After Roxas disappears, Sora wakes up and becomes a playable character. Donald and Goofy also wake up, and the three of them continue their mission to find Riku. As they search for him, they meet the rest of the members of Organization XIII and learn that they are beings called Nobodies. When a Heartless steals someone's heart, that person also becomes a Heartless, but if their heart is strong, their body becomes a Nobody. Nobodies have no emotions, but want to have hearts again. Xemnas, the leader of Organization XIII, is trying to summon Kingdom Hearts, which he claims will enable the Nobodies to get their hearts back. To summon Kingdom Hearts, Heartless must be killed with a Keyblade, which will release the hearts they hold and let them return to Kingdom Hearts. This is the reason the Organization wanted Sora to join them. It is later revealed that Roxas is Sora's Nobody and was a member of Organization XIII. Roxas was created when Sora briefly lost his heart. Naminé reveals herself to be Kairi's Nobody, who was created when Kairi lost her heart at the beginning of "Kingdom Hearts". Xemnas is the Nobody of a man called Xehanort, who no longer exists. Ansem, the main enemy from the first game, was Xehanort's Heartless. After defeating Xemnas, Sora and his friends return home.

"Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix +" is a reissue of the game that was released only in Japan on March 29, 2007. It has more content than "Kingdom Hearts II", including new areas, new battles, and a new secret ending. It is also for the PlayStation 2.


Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children is a computer animated movie. It was released in 2005 by Square Enix.

The movie is set two years after "Final Fantasy VII" . A mysterious illness has spread against humanity, Cloud Strife and the children are infected. He does not tell anyone he is infected. The villains included Kadaj, Loz, and Yazoo, are trying to find the "Cells of JENOVA". The Cells are a lifeform which fell to the planet hundreds of years ago and tried to destroy it.


Mithril

Mithril is a fictional metal from J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth universe. 

"Mithril" is the strongest metal known in Middle-earth. It looks similar to silver. It does not weigh much, and it is easy to make into things. "Mithril" is very rare and precious. It was only found in Khazad-dûm (Moria), where it was mined by the Dwarves, and (perhaps) in Númenor. 

The name ""mithril"" comes from the Sindarin words "mith", meaning "grey", and "ril" meaning "glitter". In Quenya, its name is "mistarille". "Mithril" was also called "true-silver" or "Moria-silver". 

The most well known object made of "mithril" is probably the mail shirt of Bilbo and Frodo Baggins.

"Mithril" is now often used in other fictional works, usually as a strong and magical metal. It other fictional works, "mithril" is also sometimes written differently, for example as "mythril" or "mithral".

Shaw and Crompton

Shaw and Crompton is a town in the North West of England. It is to the north-east of Manchester. Shaw and Crompton was part of Lancashire until the 1970s, but is now part of Greater Manchester. Shaw and Crompton is near to Oldham.

Shaw and Crompton grew during the Industrial Revolution because of its large cotton factories which sent fabric across the world.


Greater Manchester

Greater Manchester is a county in North West England. It has 2.7 million people living there. It was created on 1 April 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972. It is made up of ten Metropolitan boroughs: the cities of Manchester and Salford and the large towns of Oldham, Bury, Rochdale, Ashton-Under-Lyne, Stockport, Wigan and Bolton.

It has had a combined authority since 1 April 2011. The Greater Manchester Combined Authority has the political leaders from each of the ten metropolitan borough councils, plus a directly elected mayor, with responsibility for economic development, regeneration and transport. Andy Burnham is the first Mayor of Greater Manchester, elected in 2017.

League (unit)

A league is an old unit of length. It was the distance a person could walk in about one hour. The Romans adopted the league and it became a common unit of measurement throughout western Europe and Latin America.

In English-speaking countries the league was usually three statute miles (4.828032 kilometres) on land or three nautical miles (5.556 km) at sea. However, in writing the word "league" often means the Spanish, Portuguese or French league.

The league was used by Ancient Rome, which defined it as being Roman miles (7500 Roman feet or 2.22 km). The origin is the "leuga gallica" " (also: leuca Gallica)", the league of Gaul. The ancient league was short but the unit grew longer over time.

In Argentina a league is a distance of 5 km.

In Brazil the league was 6 km but it is not used anymore.

The French league had different values at different times: 10 000, 12 000, 13 200 and 14 400 French feet, about 3.25 km to about 4.68 km. It was used for a while together with the metric system but it is not used now. The French league was three nautical miles.

In the Mexican countryside the league is still commonly used in the original sense of the distance a person can walk in an hour. So a league along a good road on level ground is longer than a league on a difficult path over rough ground.

The Spanish league was originally set as a fixed unit of distance of 5,000 varas (a Spanish yard), about 2.6 miles or 4.2 km. In 1568 Philip II of Spain officially abolished the league. However, in parts of Latin America, people still use it (with different meanings in different countries).

Gill (unit)

The gill (pronounced like the girl's name "Jill") is a unit for measuring volume. It is equal to a quarter of a pint. People do not use it much now apart from old spirit measures in the United Kingdom: usually a fifth or a sixth of a gill.

Quart

A quart is a unit of measurement for volume. It is a quarter of a gallon or two pints. Because the imperial system and the American system use different gallons, their quarts are different.

In the American system, there are two different quarts. There is a wet quart and a dry quart. There is only one imperial quart. One U.S. dry quart is smaller than one imperial quart.

Ampere

The ampere or amp (Symbol: A) is the standard unit of electric current. An electric current of one amp is one coulomb per second. The amp is named after André-Marie Ampère who studied electromagnetism. AMP is a unit magnetic pull, meaning that isn't a unit of power.

The ampere is defined so the elementary charge "e" is 1.602 176 634 × 10 C or A•s.


Newton (unit)

The newton (symbol: N) is the SI unit of force. It is named after Sir Isaac Newton because of his work on classical mechanics. A "newton" is how much force is required to make a mass of one kilogram accelerate at a rate of one metre per second squared. 


In 1946, Conférence Générale des Poids et Mesures (CGPM) set the unit of force in the MKS system of units to be the amount needed to accelerate 1 kilogram of mass at the rate of 1 metre per second each second. In 1948, the CGPM adopted the name "newton" for this force. The MKS system then became the blueprint for today's SI International System of Units. That made the newton the standard unit of force.

This SI unit is named after Isaac Newton. As with every International System of Units (SI) unit named for a person, the first letter of its symbol is upper case (N). However, when an SI unit is spelled out in English, it should always begin with a lower case letter (newton)—except in a situation where any word in that position would be capitalized, such as at the beginning of a sentence or in material using title case. Note that "degree Celsius" conforms to this rule because the "d" is lowercase.— Based on The International System of Units, section 5.2.

Newton's second law of motion states that F = m•a, where F is the force applied, m is the mass of the object receiving the force, and a is the acceleration of the object. The newton is therefore:[2]

Corporation

A corporation is a group of persons that sit together to make and run a business. This business is considered an entirely different human and not related to the group which manages it. 

Because it is recognized by governments as a separate person entirely, the corporation must pay its own taxes and conform to state and federal law. This difference of persons and corporation gives it special powers. A corporation's special powers are determined by the law of the country in which the corporation is set up.

Investors(people who own a small part of the company) and entrepreneurs(The people who founded the company and its ideas) often form joint stock companies. Therefore, the term "corporation" often means such "business corporations". Corporations may also be formed for local government (municipal corporation), political, religious, and charitable purposes (not-for-profit corporation), or government programs (government-owned corporation). Condominiums are a common kind of non-profit corporation.

In common speech, the word "corporation" refers usually to limited responsibility corporation. That is a business firm where each of the partners invest a sum of money in as the capital of the corporation. They receive shares for the sum they have invested. If the company becomes bankrupt, the business partners are responsible for only the name value of their shares of the company's debts. The partners do not use their personal money to pay for the debt.



Natural person

In jurisprudence, a natural person is a real human being in contrast to an artificial person, meaning an organization that the law treats for some purposes as if it were a person distinct from its members or owner.

For example, the right to vote is given to natural persons only. That is the case for most of the human rights. Therefore, obviously a corporation cannot hold public office, but it can file a lawsuit.

Although science fiction has long fantasized about the possibility of sentient robots (e.g. androids) living among humans (such as Robin Williams "Bicentennial Man"), no court has yet dealt with the question of whether such a being would be considered a "natural person".


Jurisprudence

Jurisprudence is the theory and philosophy of law. Scholars of jurisprudence, or legal philosophers, hope to obtain a deeper understanding of the nature of law, of legal reasoning, legal systems and of legal institutions. As jurisprudence has developed, there are three main aspects with which scholarly writing engages:

Modern jurisprudence and philosophy of law is dominated today primarily by Western academics. The ideas of the Western legal tradition have become so pervasive throughout the world that it is tempting to see them as universal. Historically, however, many philosophers from other traditions have discussed the same questions, from Islamic scholars to the ancient Greeks.



Orascom

Orascom is an Egyptian company that offers mobile telephone services in many countries. 
Orascom operates these companies:


In 1997, Orascom Telecom Holding (OTH) was established as a separate entity to consolidate the telecommunications and technology interests of the Orascom group of companies established in 1976. Founded in 1998 as part of the Orascom company, it became the largest cellular operator in the Middle East in only five years.

In 2010, Russian Vimpelcom acquired Orascom Telecom as well as Wind Telecomunicazioni from Weather Investments of the Egyptian entrepreneur Naguib Sawiris and merged the two companies to form Global Telecom Holding based in . Excluded from this transaction were the activities in North Korea (Koryolink) and Egypt, which were transferred to Orascom Telecom Media and Technology Holding, which remained majority-owned by Naguib Sawiris. The Italian activities of Wind Telecomunicazioni report directly to the parent company Vimpelcom and are not part of Global Telecom Holding.

Orascom Telecom Holding has been renamed to Global Telecom Holding in 2013. On 1 July 2019 Gerbrand Nijman (since June 2015 GTH's group CFO) has succeeded Vincenzo Nesci (retired) as GTH's CEO.

Legal entity

A legal entity is a legal construct through which the law allows a group of natural persons to act as if they were a single person for certain purposes. The most common purposes are lawsuits, property ownership, and contracts.

A legal entity is not always something else than the natural persons of which it is composed as one can see with a company or corporation.

Some examples of legal entities include:

There are limitations to the legal recognition of artificial persons. Legal entities cannot marry, they cannot vote or hold public office, and in most jurisdictions there are certain positions which they cannot occupy. The extent to which a legal entity can commit a crime varies from country to country. Certain countries prohibit a legal entity from holding human rights; other countries permit artificial persons to enjoy certain protections from the state that are traditionally described as human rights.

examples of legal entities are 
- sole traders
-partnerships
- trusts
- private and public company

Recently, in India, a company despite being artificial person has got court stay, from High Court Jaipur Bench against an employee seeking justice in labour court.


Ownership

Ownership means total possession or control of property, which may be a business, an object, land or real estate, intellectual property or some other kind of property.

The rights of ownership are: 


Ownership can be divided, or shared between owners. Ownership has no legal value until money is added into the situation. The surplus, or profits, or money value of what is owned is divided according to the ownership accounts.

Ownership is needed for the development of the capitalist socio-economic system. The concept of ownership has existed for thousands of years and in all cultures.


Possession

Possession usually means to have some sort of ownership over something else. A person may be in possession of some property, which is legal ownership, under property law.

There are some other related uses of the term. When English explorer, Captain James Cook, claimed the country of Australia as a British country, he took "possession" of the land. The spot where he made his claim on 22 August 1770, a small island in the Torres Strait, is now called Possession Island.

In some beliefs, to be possessed is to be under the control of devils, demons, or evil spirits. These people may do evil or terrible things because of their "possession."

Officer of arms

An officer of arms is someone who is chosen by a sovereign or state to do some important jobs relating to:

In Scotland the officers of arms maintain the old job of a herald - passing on royal messages. Three days after parliament is dissolved in London the royal proclamation is read out at the Mercat Cross in Edinburgh. They wait three days because this is how long it used to take to get from London to Edinburgh by horse.

Personal property

Personal property means property that consists of object that can be moved from one place to another. 

In the common law systems personal property may also be called chattels. There it is distinguished from real property, or real estate. 

In the civil law systems personal property is often called movable property or movables - any property that can be moved from one location to another. This term is in distinction with immovable property or immovables, such as land and buildings.
A machinery, which can be dismantled and moved to a new place, which is installed in a building falls into which category.


Statutory law

Statutory law is written law (as opposed to oral or customary law) set down by a legislature or other governing authority such as the executive branch of government in response to a need to clarify the functioning of government, improve civil order, answer a public need, to codify existing law, or for an individual or company to obtain special treatment.

The term codified law is sometimes used as a synonym for statutory law in general. In some U.S. states, the entire body of statutory law is referred to as a "code," such as the Ohio Revised Code. At the federal and state level in the United States, portions of the statutory law are also referred to as "code," such as the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.


Oral law

An oral law are rules of human behavior in use in a given culture, religion or other group, which is transmitted by oral tradition and respected. Oral law is spoken, as opposed to statutory law, which is written down. Like customary law, oral laws depend not on legislation passed by a government, but rather tradition, custom and precedent.

Many cultures do have an oral law, while most legal systems of today have a formal written organisation.

Oral tradition

An oral tradition or oral culture is a way of transmitting history, literature or law from one generation to the next, without a writing system, by voice. People tell stories. Often the stories are made into poems and songs to make remembering easy. For example, the Homeric poetry of the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey" combined oral literature and oral history. Eventually they were written down.



Royal Canadian Air Cadets

The Royal Canadian Air Cadets is a program for Canadian youth. It is supported by sponsors in the community and Canada's Canadian Armed Forces funded by the Department of National Defence. There are about 450 Air Cadet squadrons, located in every province and territory in Canada. The two other cadet programs for youth in Canada are the Royal Canadian Sea Cadets and the Royal Canadian Army Cadets.
People between the ages of 12 and 18 inclusive can join this program for free, and they are led by the officers of the Canadian Forces Cadet Instructor Cadre.

The aim of the Air Cadets is to "develop in youth the attributes of good citizenship and leadership; promote physical fitness; and to stimulate the interest of youth in the sea, land and air activities of the Canadian Armed Forces". The Motto of the Air Cadets is "To Learn, to Serve, to Advance". It was created by Robert Myles Colwell in 1966 while he was a cadet with 625 (Southern Victoria) Squadron in Perth-Andover, New Brunswick. The cadet program focuses on social development, decision-making and leadership. As cadets acquire skills and knowledge, they pass it along to younger cadets.

The rank system in Air Cadets is founded in that ranking system used by the non-commissioned member's ranks of the pre-unification Royal Canadian Air Force with some modifications. Royal Canadian Air Cadets are not part of the Canadian Forces and do not have to enlist in the Canadian Armed Forces.

1) Air Cadet (AC)- On joining Air Cadets, recruits receive the rank of Air Cadet and are addressed as "Cadet". 

2) Leading Air Cadet (LAC)- After five months of membership and training, a cadet is eligible to be promoted to the rank of Leading Air Cadet on the recommendation of the appropriate Flight Commander, and is usually addressed by the initials "LAC". 

3) Corporal (Cpl)
After successful completion of Level 1 Air Cadet training and having participated in the Cadet Fitness Assessment, a cadet holding the rank of LAC is eligible to be promoted to the rank of Corporal on the recommendation of the appropriate Flight Commander.

4) Flight Corporal (FCpl)
A cadet is eligible to be promoted to Flight Corporal after completing level 2 training. 

5) Sergeant (Sgt)
A Cadet who has held the rank of flight corporal for at least 6 months, has participated in the Cadet Fitness Assessment, and has successfully finish Level 3 training in air cadets is eligible for promotion to Sergeant on the recommendation of the appropriate Flight Commander. Cadets must attain a minimum of "completed without difficulty" in PO 303 (Leadership) to be promoted to the rank of Sergeant.

6) Flight-Sergeant (FSgt)
After holding the rank of Sergeant for six months and successfully completing Level 4 training, and participating in the Cadet Fitness Assessment, a cadet is eligible for promotion to Flight Sergeant on the recommendation of the appropriate Flight Commander. Cadets must attain a minimum of "completed without difficulty" in PO3 403 (Leadership) to be promoted to the rank of Flight Sergeant.

7) Warrant Officer Second Class (WO2) After holding the rank of Flight Sergeant for six months, successfully completing Level 4 training, and participating in the Cadet Fitness Assessment, and having been identified as a successful candidate through the merit review board process, a cadet is eligible for promotion to WO2 on the recommendation of the appropriate Flight Commander. Cadets must attain a minimum of "completed without difficulty" in PO3 503 (Leadership) to be promoted to the rank of Warrant Officer Second Class.

8) Warrant Officer First Class (WO1) After holding the rank of Warrant Officer Second Class for six months, and having been identified as a successful candidate through the merit review board process, a cadet is eligible for promotion to WO1 on the recommendation of the appropriate Flight Commander. There is only one cadet in each squadron who can hold the rank of WO1.


Legal case

A legal case is a dispute between two parties that is resolved by a court or other legal process. A legal case may be either civil or criminal. The decision of a court is usually published in one form or another for later reference. In countries like the United States which have a common law system, decisions by a higher court are binding on lower courts when the facts and issues are similar. Stare decisis, or the concept of precedent, means to follow cases that were decided earlier when judging the current case. 

Nasal hair

Nasal hair are small hair-like cells in the nose. Most of them can be found near the nostrils. The purpose of these hairs is to act as a filter, keeping dust and dirt out of the nasal passages. They also draw liquid mucus up from the epithelium by capillary action. In that way, they help to maintain humidity in the air passages and stop them from drying out. The hairs trap moisture as air is breathed out. The evaporation of trapped moisture on the hairs increases the humidity of air as it is breathed in. Note that nasal hair is different from the cilia found in the nose, which are part of the olfactory system.

Some cultures consider nose hair coming out from the nostrils to be ugly. The increased growth of nasal cilia with age (particularly for men) is often a source of anxiety and embarrassment. A number of devices have been sold to trim the nose hair, including small rotary clippers and attachments for electric shavers. However, given the role of nasal cilia, many doctors recommend trimming them lightly, if at all. There is evidence that the movement in the ciliar slows down with age. This may be the reason that old people have more respiratory infections.

929

929 was a common year.



Willis Tower

The Willis Tower, formerly known as the Sears Tower, is a 108-story, skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois. The tower has 108 stories, though the building's owners count the main roof as 109 and the mechanical penthouse roof as 110. When it finished costruction in 1973, it beat the World Trade Center in New York City to become the tallest building in the world. It was the tallest building in the world for twenty-five years until the Petronas Towers were built in Malaysia. It was also the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere for 41 years, until the new One World Trade Center beat it in 2013.

Willis Tower is seen as the best work of architect Fazlur Khan. As of 2021, it is the third-tallest building in the United States and the Western hemisphere. It is also the 23rd-tallest in the world. Each year, more than one million people visit its observation deck, the highest in the United States. It is one of Chicago's most popular tourist places. The tower was renamed in 2009 after the Willis Group bought the tower.

The building's largest office partner is United Airlines, which moved its corporate headquarters from 77 West Wacker Drive in 2012. Other major company offices in the tower include Schiff Hardin and Seyfarth Shaw. Morgan Stanley moved into the tower in 2019.

It was known as the Sears Tower until 2009, as it was the headquarters of retail company Sears from its opening in 1974. Many people from Chicago still call the tower by its original name.

In 1969, Sears, Roebuck & Co. was the largest retailer in the world, with about 350,000 employees. Sears wanted to put many of its employees into one building on the western part of Chicago's Loop. The company was given a location by West Chicago Loop not far from Grant Park. Sears eventually bought the West Chicago loop location and bought 15 old buildings from 100 owners and paid $2.7 million to the city. Sears and the city of Chicago approved the design and construction began in April 1971. 
Sears needed of office space for its planned tower. They hired architects Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM). Sears paid for construction of the building. Architects Bruce Graham and Fazlur Khan designed the building. They designed it as a nine square "tubes". It was connected in a 3×3 metal wrap forming a square base with sides. All nine tubes would rise up to the 50th floor of the building, where the northwest and southeast tubes end. The northeast and southwest tubes reach the 66th floor with the north, east, and south tubes end at the 90th. The last west and center tubes reach 108 floors. The Sears Tower was the first building to use this design. It was both cheaper and stronger. At 1,450 feet, it had more space and was higher than the Empire State Building. It cost much less per unit area. The system became successful in skyscraper construction and has been used in most supertall buildings.

With the floors left over Sears decided to rent them to other companies for offices. Small metal floors were added to give enough space to people working in the tower. Skidmore architects proposed a tower with large, floors in the lower part of the building. They also added metal floors with many setbacks, which would give the tower its well known look.

The tower passed the height of New York's unfinished World Trade Center to become the world's tallest building. The height was limited by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to protect air traffic. Two antennas were added at the top of the building for television and radio broadcasting. The building was completed in May 1973 and opened the next year. Construction cost about US$150 million.

Black bands appear on the tower around the 29th–32nd, 64th–65th, 88th–89th, and 104th–108th floors. These give the building's environmental support systems and hide its belted trusses. Even though adding a fire sprinkler system was not forced, the building was built with one from the beginning. There are around 40,000 sprinkler heads in the building. They cost $4 million.

In February 1982, two television antennas were added to the building, increasing its total height to . The western antenna was made bigger, bringing the overall height to on June 5, 2000. It was done to improve reception of local NBC station WMAQ-TV.

As the construction of the building reached as the 50th floor in 1972, people sued Sears and wanted to stop the building from passing 67 floors. The lawsuits said that above the 67th floor would make television signals bad.

The Illinois Citizens' Committee for Broadcasting wanted the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to stop the building from getting taller. On May 26, 1972, the Commission did not take action as they did not have the power to do anything. On June 30, 1972, the Illinois Supreme Court supported their decision. On September 8, 1972, the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit supported the FCC decision, ending the lawsuit.

The tower did not have as many companies buying office spaces and it was half-empty for many years. In the 2000s, many companies in the tower began to leave because of terrorist threats or because they found better office spaces.

In 1984, Sears decided to improve the appearance of the lower floors for civilians and tourists. Their solution was to create a new entrance, which became known as "Lunchbox Entrance". Sears wanted to sell the building in the late 1980s. In July 1990, with no possible buyers, Sears took out a mortgage loan on the tower for $850 million from MetLife and AEW Capital Management. Sears talked about the loan again in 1994. This led to an agreement where Sears would no longer be responsible for the $850 million loan, although it would only own the name of the building. As part of the 1994 agreement, AEW and Metlife would own the building in 2003.

In 1990, the law firm of Keck, Mahin & Cate wanted to move away from the tower and into 77 West Wacker Drive. Just two years later, Sears began to move out of the tower to Hoffman Estates, Illinois.

However, in 1997, the Canadian company TrizecHahn bought AEW's holdings of the building for $110 million. After the September 11 attacks, two of the largest office partners, Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch, quickly announced plans leave the building's 300,000 ft space. In 2003, Trizec sold its holdings of the tower to MetLife for $9 million.

In 2004, MetLife sold the building to a group of investors from New York City and Skokie, Illinois. The price was $840 million, with $825 million held in a mortgage.

In June 2006, seven men were arrested by the FBI and charged with plans to destroy the tower. The case went to court in October 2007. After three trials, five of the suspects were convicted and two acquitted. The leader of the group, Narseal Batiste, was sentenced to 13.5 years in prison. In response to the possible threat of an attack, the building's largest company space at this time, Ernst & Young, moved to North Wacker Drive in early 2009.

Since 2007, the owners had thought about building a hotel on the north side of the building. The second building was thought about in the original design. The plan was eventually cancelled as the city did not allow the construction of a tall building in that location.

In February 2009, the owners announced they were thinking about painting the building silver, an idea that was later stopped. It was hoped that a new paint-job would "rebrand" the building and show its energy efficiency for a cost of $50 million.

In 2015, the Blackstone Group bought the tower for a reported $1.3 billion, the highest price ever paid for a U.S. property outside of New York City. In 2017, Blackstone announced a $500 million renovation for the building, such as building a six-story commercial area in the tower's plaza area.

In May 2020, after many days of raining, the building's three basement levels were flooded. This caused the power to go out and many television and radio stations going off the air.

Sears' naming rights ended in 2003, but the building was still called the Sears Tower for many years. In March 2009, the British insurance company Willis Group Holdings agreed to rent a part of the building and got the naming rights. On July 16, 2009, the building was officially renamed the Willis Tower. On August 13, 2012, United Airlines said they were moving its corporate headquarters from 77 West Wacker Drive to Willis Tower.

The naming rights are legally kept for 15 years, making it is possible that the building's name change again soon. Many Chicagoans still call the tower by its old name. A July 2009 CNN article showed some Chicagoans did not want to call the tower by its new name. An October 2010 article from "Chicago" magazine called the building one of Chicago's 40 most important things. The author of the article did not want call it the "Willis Tower". "Time" magazine called the name change one of the top 10 worst corporate name changes.

On May 25, 1981, Dan Goodwin climbed the tower while using suction cups and wearing a Spider-Man costume. The Chicago Fire Department tried to stop him, but he made the first successful outside climb of the tower. Goodwin was arrested at the top after the seven-hour climb and was later charged with trespassing.

In August 1999, Alain "Spiderman" Robert climbed the building all the way to the top using only his hands and feet. He climbed at the last 20 stories of the building.

Since 2009, the Willis Tower has hosted SkyRise Chicago, the world's tallest indoor stair climb as a charity event. At the event, people can legally walk up the building's 103-story staircase.

Skidmore architects designed the Willis Tower to have large floors of in the lower part of the building. They got the design idea from an advertisement for a package of cigarettes.

From the ground to the top of the taller antenna, Willis Tower is tall. It leans about towards the west because of unequal weight on its foundation. The observation deck elevators are the fastest in the world at per minute. With clear weather, four states can be seen from the observation deck: Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin. 

The Willis Tower is the third tallest building in the Americas (after One World Trade Center and Central Park Tower) and the Western Hemisphere. With a height of with its antenna, it is the third-tallest freestanding structure in the Americas and eighth-tallest freestanding structure in the world.

On November 8, 2013, architects in Chicago and New York City started talking about the height of the One World Trade Center. They were saying that Willis Tower might be taller. Four days later, it was made official that One World Trade Center is taller than the Willis Tower.

At the bottom, the lowest level of Willis Tower is 43 feet below elevation. Many broadcast station transmitters are built at the top of Willis Tower.

The Willis Tower observation deck is called the Skydeck. It opened on June 22, 1974. It is on the 103rd floor. It is the highest observation deck in the United States and one of Chicago's most famous tourist attractions. About 1.7 million tourists visit the tower every year. Elevators reach the top of the building in about 60 seconds. People can feel the air pressure change as they go up. The tourist entrance is on the south side of the building on Jackson Boulevard. A second observation deck on the 99th floor was made as a backup and for private events. 

In January 2009, work to improve the Skydeck began, such as adding glass balconies that go outside of the building. The all-glass boxes are called "The Ledge." Visitors can see the street below. The boxes can hold . It opened to the public on July 2, 2009. On May 29, 2014, the laminated glass flooring of one of the boxes broke while visitors were inside. Nobody was hurt. The flooring on that same box cracked on June 12, 2019.

The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) gave the tower ENERGY STAR certification in 2018 for good energy efficiency. 



Beetle

Beetles, the order Coleoptera, are the largest group of insects. There are 350,000 different species of beetles which have been named: about 40% of all known insects. There are an estimated 800,000 to a million living species. Beetles live almost everywhere, though not in the ocean or in places that are very cold, such as Antarctica.

Beetles went through a massive adaptive radiation early in their evolutionary history. The evolution of flowering plants helped drive the diversification of beetles. Four of the six biggest families of beetles mainly eat flowering plants.

In common with other insects, there are three main parts to a beetle's body: the head, the thorax (the middle part), and the abdomen (the back part). On the head, beetles have antennae (feelers), eyes, and a mouth. The legs and wings of the beetle are attached to the thorax. The abdomen of a beetle does not usually have special parts on the outside, but it has the beetle’s gut inside. Like other insects, beetles have no internal bones, but instead have a hard and shiny exoskeleton on the outside of the body. The exoskeleton is made of hard plates of chitin.

Beetles differ from other flying insects because their front wings have evolved into hard covers, or elytra. The back wings are used for flying. They are thin and are kept under the elytra when at rest. Beetles lift their elytra out of the way in order to fly. A few species of true bugs have a similar arrangement.

Not all beetles can fly. Some beetles do not have back wings, and some cannot lift their front wings out of the way. A few beetles have no wings at all. Some beetles with no wings look like larvae, and are called "larviform". An example is the family Phengodidae, glow-worms where the females are larviform throughout their lives.

The legs of beetles help them to walk, run, swim, and dig. All beetles have six legs that is made out of several parts. Each leg ends in two to five small segments called "tarsi". The last tarsus (the singular of tarsi) of each beetle “foot” has one or two claws on the end of it. Most beetles use their legs to walk or run. Some beetle legs are flat and have long hairs on them. These kinds of legs are found on water beetles. Beetles that often dig in soil have flat legs with spines or horns at the edges. Flat legs with horns are called fossorial legs. A few beetles have large hind legs, similar to those of grasshoppers, which help the beetle to jump. Flea beetles are an example of jumping beetle.

Beetles have compound eyes, which means the two big shiny eyes on the head are actually made out of many smaller parts. Sometimes the two eyes are each divided in half so that it looks like there are four eyes. One beetle family, the whirligig beetles, has divided eyes so that when they are swimming they can see on top of the water and under the water at the same time. A few beetles have extra simple eyes (usually two) called ocelli. The ocelli are on the top of the beetle’s head.

Beetles use their antennae to smell things. Beetles also use their antennae to feel things around them. Beetle antennae do not all look the same. Some antennae are long and thin, while others are short and wide. Thin antennae are called filiform antennae, and antennae that are wide on the end are called clavate antennae.

The mouth of a beetle is very different from the mouth of a person. Most beetles have two hard mandibles at the front of their mouth which are a bit like teeth. Mandibles help the beetle eat by crushing and cutting food. In some beetles, the mandibles look like big pincers. Beetles also have four “fingers” around their mouth that push food into the mouth of the beetle. These fingers are called palpi.

Beetles do not breathe; instead they have holes called spiracles in the sides of their bodies which lead to trachea, which act like lungs. Beetles do not have blood, but they have something like blood, called haemolymph. It is a green colour. That's because their haemoglobin molecule has a copper atom at its centre, whereas ours has an iron atom there.

Beetles start out as eggs that a female beetle lays. Some beetles can lay thousands of eggs during their lives. A larva comes out when an egg hatches. Most beetle larvae do not look like adult beetles. A beetle larva eats and grows larger until it changes and becomes a pupa. When the pupa opens, an adult beetle, sometimes called an imago, comes out. This way of growing up is called complete metamorphosis.

Beetles eat the most when they are larvae. Some beetle larvae eat the outside of plants; some eat inside plants. Some beetle larvae are predators, which means they hunt for other insects to eat. Other beetle larvae eat dead things, such as dead plants and corpses.

Not all beetle larvae look the same. Some beetle larvae are flat and move very fast. To describe these larvae, scientists use the descriptive word campodeiform. Some beetle larvae look similar to hard worms with tiny legs. These have an shape. Click beetle larvae have a special name: wireworms. Other beetle larvae are short and very thick and are called grubs. In a few beetles, the larvae change their shape after some time. Blister beetle larvae start out moving fast, such as campodeiform larvae, but end up slow and thick.

Beetles eat many different things including living plants, rotting plants, animals that may be dead or alive, and animal faeces. Some beetles can eat both plants and animals, while others eat just one type of food. Beetles that can only eat one kind of thing are said to be host specific. Many leaf beetles and longhorn beetles are host specific.

Beetles are tough animals for their size. They are mechanically tough (the elytra), and have a variety of strategies to avoid being attacked by predators or parasitoids. These include camouflage, mimicry, toxicity, and active defence.

Some beetles live in places that are hard for predators to find. Some beetles, such as longhorn beetles, live in tunnels inside tree branches. Only special predators that are small enough to use the long-horned beetle tunnels can eat the longhorn beetles.

Other beetles do not live in special places but they have colours or shapes that make them hard to find. When beetles have colours so that predators cannot see them, this is called camouflage. Some leaf beetles are green so that they can not be seen when they are on green leaves. Some beetles have very complex colours so that they look like bird droppings.

Sometimes beetles use colour to warn predators (warning colouration). Some beetles have black and yellow stripes so that they look similar to bees and wasps. Some beetles even behave similar to bees to confuse predators.

Beetles have a wide range of chemical defences, mostly got from plants their larvae eat. These chemicals make them taste bad when predators eat them. Blister beetles are so poisonous that if a horse eats only a few of them, the horse may die. Bombardier beetles squirt hot poisonous liquid at attackers. Lady beetles put out a cyanide compound when agitated. Lady beetles also have colours that warn predators that they taste bad. Insects which taste foul use warning colours which birds learn to avoid. Also, other species which are tasty copy those warning colours. This is a type of mimicry, and is quite common in insects.

Very large beetles sometimes fight predators. Beetles that fight will often use their mandibles to injure their predators.

Beetles have sexual reproduction, and almost all go through complete metamorphosis. Some beetles have complex behavior to get a mate. Pheromones are used, and different species use different pheromones. Before reproduction, some male beetles sometimes fight to claim a female. This especially happens with stag beetles: males will fight using their long mandibles. More often, male and female beetle go through a long routine before mating. The details differ in each species and that is the point. It is essential that mating takes place between beetles of the same species.

Some beetles give special care to their eggs or larvae. Some scarab beetles, called dung beetles, roll balls of dung (faeces) and put them in a hole in the ground. The female lays her eggs in the dung. When the eggs hatch, the larvae will eat the dung that their mother supplied for them.

In 2009, a fossil beetle was found in the Pennsylvanian of Mazon Creek, Illinois. This put the origin of the beetles back to . Fossils from this time have been found in Asia and Europe, for instance in the red slate fossil beds of Niedermoschel near Mainz, Germany. Other fossils have been found in Obora, Czech Republic and Tshekarda in the Ural Mountains, Russia. The first discoveries from North America in Oklahoma were published in 2005 and 2008.

After the Permian–Triassic extinction event, the fossil record of insects is poor, but there are some beetles from the Lower Triassic. At the Babiy Kamen site in the Kuznetsk Basin, there are many beetle fossils, including entire specimens of the infraorders Archostemata (e.g. Ademosynidae, Schizocoleidae), Adephaga (e.g., Triaplidae, Trachypachidae) and Polyphaga (e.g. Hydrophilidae, Byrrhidae, Elateroidea).

During the Jurassic (), there was a dramatic increase in the number of beetle families, including the development and growth of carnivorous and herbivorous species. Dung beetles, and herbivorous beetles living on conifers, were common in the Jurassic period. The evolution of flowering plants in the Cretaceous led to the vast numbers of beetle species there are today.

There are four living suborders of beetles:

Different kinds of beetles can be divided into groups called families. There are many beetle families. The biggest families are listed here.

Popular names are often misleading; that is why biologists use scientific names in Latin. People call some beetles by other names. Fireflies (also called lightning bugs) are actually beetles; so are ladybirds/ladybugs/lady beetles.


Some beetles cause trouble for farmers and people in forests because they eat crops or trees. These beetles are called pests. One beetle that hurts crops is the Colorado beetle; another is the Maize weevil. One that destroys trees is the Emerald ash borer.

Other beetles help people; lady beetles (also called ladybirds and ladybugs) eat insects that hurt crops and trees.

People who study beetles are called coleopterists.


Pope John IX

John IX () was Pope from 898 to 900. 

Although his exact birth day is unknown, he was a native of Tivoli, which is near Rome.

He was a Benedictine monk. 

He was made Pope because of the support of Emperor Lambert of Spoleto. Lambert was of the Formosian party. Pope Sergius III who had been elected by the Anti-Formosians was chased from office with arms. John IX died unexpectedly in the year 900, which again led to feuds between different groups.


Houston Steward Chamberlain

Houston Steward Chamberlain (September 9, 1855 – January 9, 1927) was a writer of books. He wrote many popular scientific books, about Richard Wagner, Immanuel Kant, and Johann Wolfgang von Goethe amongst others. He was born in Portsmouth, but later emigrated to Germany. In later life he became a German citizen. He was acquainted with Hitler and died in Bayreuth. He is known for his Antisemitism. His best-known book, "The Foundations of the Nineteenth Century" is seen as a standard antisemitic work of the early 20th century.

Arthur de Gobineau

Joseph Arthur Comte de Gobineau (July 14, 1816 — October 13, 1882) was a French aristocrat. He was well educated, and wrote many things. He became famous for developing the racialist theory of the Aryan Master race in his book "An Essay on the Inequality of the Human Races" (1853-1855).

Staff (music)

A staff (or stave) is the name given to the five horizontal lines on which we can write music. Musical notes can be placed either on a line (i.e. with a line going through the middle of the note head) or in a space. There are four inside spaces as well as the two outer spaces at the top or bottom.

The higher the pitch of the note the higher it will be on the staff. Taking the white notes of a keyboard: each note (A, B, C, D etc.) is placed higher on the stave (line, space, line, space etc.). A clef is needed to show which notes they are. There are different clefs to suit high, medium or low instruments.

This musical example shows the opening of "Symphony no 5" by Beethoven. The first three notes are on the second line (counting from the bottom). They are Gs, because there is a treble clef at the beginning of the staff. The fourth note is a little lower: on the bottom line, the E line (because of the flats in the key signature it is an E flat). The next note is between the other two in pitch (an F). After the three Fs comes a D in the outside bottom space.

Sometimes composers have used staves with fewer or more than 5 lines, but the five-line staff started to become the usual one in Western music in the 13th century.

When notes are a little too high or low to put on the stave, extension lines are used. These are called ledger lines. 

If two or more staves are being played at the same time the staves are joined on the left by a bracket which is called a brace. Piano music, for example, is written on two staves: one for the right hand and one for the left.

Instruments that only play a rhythm (such as the cymbals), do not need a stave. The notes can be written just on one line. The beats are crosses. It's modern notation started from the Catholic Church.

Colorado potato beetle

The Colorado potato beetle, "Leptinotarsa decemlineata", is a beetle. It is sometimes just called the Colorado beetle. It is one of the worst potato pests in the world. 

The beetle is notable for its ability to resist pesticides. Over the last 50 years it has become resistant to 52 chemical compounds used in insecticides, including cyanide. However, not every population is resistant to every chemical.

The Colorado beetle first lived in the southwest United States and northern Mexico. Now it lives in most of North America and also in Europe and Asia.

The Colorado potato beetle now eats cultivated potato plants. Both larvae and adults eat the leaves and strip the plant down to a skeleton. They may also attack tomato and eggplants. There can be so many Colorado potato beetles in potato farms that they destroy the potatoes.

Because the beetle rapidly evolves resistance to chemicals, the best defence may be biological control. A ground beetle, "Lebia grandis" is a predator of the eggs and larvae, and its larvae are parasitoids of the Colorado beetle's pupae. 

"Beauveria bassiana" (Hyphomycetes) is a pathogenic fungus that infects many insects, including the Colorado beetle. It is probably the most widely used natural enemy of the Colorado beetle. There are commercial formulations that can be applied using a pesticide sprayer. 

The Colorado potato beetle did not always eat potato plants. This is because potatoes came from South America, not near the beetle's original range. Before people brought potatoes to North America, the Colorado beetle ate a plant called buffalo-bur.

Opiliones

Harvestmen are eight-legged arachnids. Even though they are arachnids like spiders, harvestmen are not spiders. They are in the order Opiliones.

More than 6,400 species of harvestmen have been discovered, although the real number of extant species may be more than 10,000. Well-preserved fossils have been found in the 400-million year old Rhynie cherts of Scotland. Fossil harvestmen look surprisingly similar to modern harvestmen. Apparently, the basic body shape of harvestmen has not changed much.

In some places, harvestmen are known by the name "daddy longlegs", but this name is also used for two other unrelated arthropods: the crane fly ("Tipulidae") and the cellar spider ("Pholcidae").

Many species of harvestmen are omnivores--they eat anything they can find. Most of the time this is small insects, and some plants and fungi. Some are scavengers.

Harvestmen are not dangerous to humans. None of the described species have poison glands. They are not "true" spiders even though they look like spiders in many ways. For example, harvestmen have no venom or silk glands; spiders have these.

Harvestmen have exceptionally long walking legs compared to their bodies, although there are also some short-legged species. In harvestmen, the two main body sections (the abdomen and cephalothorax) meet at a wide point, so that they appear to be one oval structure. In more advanced species of harvestmen, the first five segments of the abdomen are fused into a "shield" on the harvestman's back called the scutum. In some species, this shield is only present in males. The second pair of legs is longer than the others and work as antennae. This can be hard to see in short-legged species.

The feeding apparatus (stomotheca) differs from other arachnids as they are able to eat their food in chunks, without needing to liquify it. Most species have a single pair of eyes in the middle of their heads, oriented horizontally. However, there are some eyeless species. 



Daddy Longlegs

Daddy Longlegs could mean:

Shikon no Tama

The Shikon no Tama (English:The Jewel of Four Souls) is the fictional magic jewel in Rumiko Takahashi's manga and anime series "InuYasha". It contains four types of souls, Courage, Friendship, Wisdom and Love. The souls can make a person powerful. Before Midoriko sacrificed herself, she joined four souls within her heart, with the demonic one making it good and pure. This created the Shikon Jewel, where Midoriko and the demon are trapped within. The battle depends to any demon who kept the jewel. If the jewel is purified, Midoriko survives. If the demon binds the jewel, it becomes defiled. Naraku defiles the jewel, while collecting all pieces. Shako (Sango's grandfather) found the impured jewel from one of the demons. When Kikyo dies, the jewel survives and Naraku plans to retrieve it. Kagome Higurashi ends up travelling to the past while keeping the jewel. After Kagome destroys the raven, the jewel is shattered into pieces. Izumo is a philosopher half–demon who made the fake jewel with small power, by copying the real one. However, Inuyasha defeats him.

Daddy long-legs spider

The Daddy-Long-Legs Spider ("Pholcus phalangioides") is a spider of the family Pholcidae. Its legs are about 5 or 6 times the length of its body. It is often confused with the "daddy long-legs", a member of the Opiliones, which are not true (real) spiders. "P. phalangioides" has the habit of shaking the web violently when disturbed. This is probably to blur the vision of a predator. Because it is often found on the ceilings of rooms, caves or cellars, it is also called cellar spider. They can easily catch and eat hairy house spiders, mosquitoes, and other insects. When food is scarce, they will prey on their own kind. Because they originally came from the tropics, these spiders do not seem to be aware of seasonal changes and breed at any time of the year. 

The female holds 20 to 30 eggs in her jaws. Spiderlings are transparent with short legs and change their skin about 5 or 6 times as they grow.

Females have a body length of about 9mm, males are slightly smaller.

"Crossopriza lyoni" and "Physocyclus globosis" are spiders with a very similar appearance.


Crane fly

Crane flies are flies in the family Tipulidae. They are insects. Crane flies look similar to large mosquitoes but, unlike mosquitoes, crane flies do not bite people or animals. Crane flies occasionally eat nectar.

They are also known as daddy longlegs around the world. The term 'daddy-long-legs' is also given to arachnids of the order Opiliones or the family Pholcidae. The larvae of crane flies are known commonly as leatherjackets.

There are about 15,000 different species and 525 genera of crane flies. This means that the Tipulidae (crane flies) are the largest group of flies. Most crane fly species (75%) were found by Charles P. Alexander.

The adult only lives to mate and lay eggs: 10 to 15 days is all. In some species the adult does not eat at all.

Most of the crane fly's life is spent as a larva. Crane fly larvae are called leatherjackets or 'leatherjacket slugs' because of the way they move and eat roots (such as those of grass in lawns) and other vegetation. Some leatherjackets are aquatic. 

Leatherjackets can cause damage to plants. Because of this, crane flies are a pest of lawn grass in some areas. Invasive (European) crane flies ("Tipula paludosa") cause extensive damage to turfgrass. 

Larvae of crane flies are divided into segments. They have a distinct head capsule on the front. The segments on the rear portion of the larva (the abdominal segments) often have long fleshy projections (like tentacles). Scientists have never seen the larvae from most crane fly species: less than 2% of the larvae are known.

Adult crane flies have very long legs and a long, thin abdomen. It is very easy to accidentally break off their delicate legs when catching crane flies. Their thin legs and abdomen may help them to escape from birds who try to eat them. Females have larger abdomens in comparison to the males. The female abdomen also ends in a pointed ovipositor that looks a bit like a stinger. Crane flies cannot sting.

The wings are often held out from the body when the crane fly is not moving. When the wings are held out, the large halteres (balancers) can be seen behind the wings. Unlike mosquitoes, crane flies can not fly well. They will sometimes "wobble" when flying.

Crane flies that live in temperate places, such as "Tipula" species, may grow as big as 60 mm in size. Tropical crane flies may grow to more than 100 mm. The giant crane fly ("Holorusia rubiginosa") that lives in the western United States can reach 38 mm (1-3/8 inches). There are also small crane flies, the size of mosquitoes. 



Neville Chamberlain

Arthur Neville Chamberlain (; 18 March 18699 November 1940) was a British politician who was Lord Mayor of Birmingham, Chancellor of the Exchequer and finally Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1937 to 1940.

Neville was born in Edgbaston, a district of Birmingham, England. His father was Joseph Chamberlain, an important politician. His half-brother (they had different mothers), Austen Chamberlain, also became a politician.

Neville went to Rugby School. He became interested in botany (plants), birds and fishing. He also loved music and literature (reading). He studied metallurgy at Mason College, which his father later made part of the University of Birmingham. Later, Neville became an apprentice in an accounting company.

He became a successful manager in a manufacturing company. He fell in love with Anne Cole and married her in 1910, when was 40. In 1911, when he was 42, the people of Birmingham elected (chose) Neville Chamberlain to be part of the city council. On the council, he had the job of planning improving the city, the same kind of work that his father had done. Neville planned new council housing for poor people. In 1915, he became Lord Mayor of Birmingham, also as his father had been. In that position, Neville worked to improve the city, including by starting the Birmingham Symphony Orchestra.

In 1916, Prime Minister David Lloyd George asked Chamberlain to become the director of conscription to force civilians to join the British Armys during the First World War. Chamberlain and Lloyd George often argued and soon did not like each other. Chamberlain left his job the next year. Instead, he entered the 1918 general election and became the Conservative Member of Parliament for Ladywood in Birmingham.

In 1923, Prime Minister Andrew Bonar Law made Chamberlain the health minister. In that position, Chamberlain did more work to help poor people. For example, he had a law passed to connect rent prices to how good a building was. He was later Chancellor of the Exchequer, in charge of the economy, for a short time. 

After the 1924 general election, he became health minister again, and he stayed there until the Conservatives lost the 1929 general election. Between 1924 and 1929, Chamberlain helped to make many new laws to help poor people, including a pensions system, which helped to make Britain's welfare state after the Second World War.

In 1929, the Conservatives lost the general election, and Ramsay MacDonald became the new Labour prime minister. The Conservative Party was trying to put tariffs (taxes) on imports to make trade in the British Empire stronger. Other people, including Lord Beaverbrook, a businessman who owned a lot of newspapers, disagreed by saying that trade should be free of tariffs. Beaverbrook started a new political party to fight the Conservatives. Chamberlain fought Beaverbrook's part in an election and won. That made him very popular in the Conservative party.

An economic crisis in 1931 led to another general election. Then, Chamberlain became Chancellor of the Exchequer. In 1932, he was able to start a tariff system. His father had spent a long time working for a stronger British Empire when he was foreign secretary and also worked hard but failed for a tariff system because he believed it would make the empire economically independent. Neville was pleased that he had finally made his father's wishes come true.

By 1934, Chamberlain felt that the economy had recovered. However, many important people, including Chamberlain's half-brother Austen and Winston Churchill, were warning that Nazi Germany was rearming (reuilding its military). The men said that Britain must rearm, too. In July 1934, the government told Parliament that it had a plan to make the Royal Air Force much stronger.

However, not everybody was happy to see an arms race (a competition to build a bigger military) with Germany. The First World War was still in people's memories, and there was a strong pacifist movement in the country. Chamberlain, who had lost his cousin and best friend, Norman Chamberlain, during the war advised (suggested) Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin to talk about rearmament during the 1935 general election. Baldwin was worried people that would not vote for them if they talked about making the military stronger, and Labour Party was strongly against rearmament. That made Baldwin talk about housing and unemployment instead.

Chamberlain worked hard to help improve the slow economy. The government bought factories that were not being used and spent money on making them new again. That idea helped after the war started because Britain had the most modern equipment. When he announced (told the public about) his budget (plan for the economy) in 1935, the Labour Party said that he wanted war, but other people still said that he was not doing enough to build the military. In 1936, the government announced plans to build the Royal Navy.
Baldwin retired in 1937, and Chamberlain became the new prime minister on 28 May. Chamberlain is mostly remembered for being the prime minister as Europe moved into the Second World War, but as prime minister, he also made some important changes to Britain. He made laws that made working conditions better. He limited working hours for women and children. He introduced paid holiday for a large part of the population. He introduced laws to try to improve the population's health by exercising and medical inspection. Many other changes were planned, but the start of the war stopped them from happening.

In the 1930s, the Irish taoiseach (similar to a prime minister) was Éamon de Valera, who worked to make a new constitution (set of laws) for Ireland and wanted to make Ireland independent from Britain. Ireland had its own government, but Britain still controlled Northern Ireland and had naval ports (called treaty ports) in Ireland, which de Valera wanted to end. Chamberlain wanted Ireland to support Britain if there was a war because he knew that without Irish help, defending the Atlantic Ocean would be more difficult. Chamberlain and his Secretary of State, Malcolm MacDonald, made an agreement to give the treaty ports back to Ireland, but they hoped that British warships might use them in the war.

Many Conservatives, including Winston Churchill, who had made the agreement to have the treaty ports in 1921, disagreed strongly with the plan. The agreement, together with a plan to limit the number of Jews moving into Palestine, which was controlled by Britain, made Chamberlain unpopular with some people, even in his own party.

Although many people warned about the threat of Nazi Germany, Chamberlain chose ministers who agreed with him and wanted to avoid another war. Chamberlain, like many other people of the same age, were very worried about war. They believed that people like Adolf Hitler were in power because their countries felt that their situation was unfair. The Germans felt that the Treaty of Versailles, an agreement to end the First World War, had been unfair. When Germany invaded (took control of) Austria and the Sudetenland (part of Czechoslovakia with many Germans), Chamberlain tried to keep the peace, especially since most people there were Germans and to wanted to become part of Germany.

In September 1938, he flew to Munich to speak with Hitler. Together with French Prime Minister Édouard Daladier and the Italian dictator, Benito Mussolini, Chamberlain made an agreement with Hitler, who was allowed to take the Sudetenland but had to agree not to use his military to solve future disputes (disagreements). When Chamberlain returned home, many people said he had done a wonderful job. Chamberlain was very pleased and said that the agreement meant "peace for our time" because most people feared another world war.

In March 1939, the German military moved in and invaded the rest of Czechoslovakia, against the Munich Agreement. Chamberlain realised that his attempts to control Hitler had failed. He started to get Britain ready for war by using the new factories that had been built. Many new weapons were built, including the Supermarine Spitfire (a fighter aircraft) and radar.

After the Germans invaded Poland on 1st September 1939, the British and the French talked together and decided to declare war on Germany on the 3rd. Chamberlain spoke on the radio and told the British people that war had begun.

Chamberlain made a new government and included Winston Churchill. After the Germans had invaded Norway in April 1940, the British sent the Royal Navy to fight them. The plan failed, however, and Parliament no longer supported Chamberlain even though Churchill was mostly to blame for the failure. On 10 May 1940, Chamberlain resigned (quit), and Churchill became the prime minister. However, Chamberlain stayed in the government. Later in May, Germany offered conditions for peace (things that they would accept to stop fighting). Most of the government, including Chamberlain, wanted to agree with Germany and to stop fighting. Churchill did not want to agree. He spoke with Chamberlain, who soon began to agree with Churchill. The result was that Britain stayed in the war.

In the summer of 1940, Chamberlain became sick. In July, he had surgery on his stomach to treat cancer there. He tried to return to work but became too weak and so had to retire. He died on 9 November 1940 of bowel cancer and was 71 years old. Churchill spoke to Parliament to tell it about Chamberlain's death.

Historians disagree about Chamberlain. Some think that his actions were wrong because he did not stop Hitler and Germany. Other people say that he gave Britain and France more time to get ready for the war.




Quadratic equation

A quadratic equation is an equation where its highest exponent is 2 (which is why it is called 'quadratic' from the Latin word "quadratus" 'square'). These equations can be rearranged to the standard form which isː

formula_1

where "a" is not equal to 0, otherwise the equation is linear. 

It makes a parabola (a "U" shape) when graphed on a coordinate plane. When people work with quadratic equations, one of the most common things they do is to "solve" it. This means to find the points on a coordinate grid where the graphed equation crosses the x-axis, or the horizontal axis. These points are called the "zeroes", or "roots", of a function. In other words, to solve the equation means to find the value of "x" so that formula_2, where the coefficients, "a", "b", and "c", are all real numbers. There are different ways to find out the value of x. Plotting the function on a graph is one way. In the picture on the right, the function crosses the x-axis at the points formula_3 and formula_4.

Graphing a quadratic equation makes it is very easy to find the roots, but it is not always convenient. So there are different ways to do this using math.

A quadratic equation with real or complex coefficients has two solutions, called "roots". These two solutions may or may not be equal, and they may or may not be a real number.

Some quadratic equations, like formula_5, can be factorized. This equation can be written as formula_6, which produces two separate equations, formula_7 and formula_8. This is because when any of the two equations is equal to zero, the original equation is equal to zero because the two equations are multiplied together to form the quadratic equation. From this equation, it is easy to use algebra to find out what the value of "x" is. In the first of the two equations, formula_9 and in the second, formula_10. This means that these two values of "x" will make the whole quadratic equation equal to zero. The y-coordinate is equal to zero at these values of x, and so the coordinates formula_11 and formula_12 are the places where the graph of the function crosses the x-axis.

Not all quadratic equations can be factorized, such as formula_13. One of the ways to solve these kinds of equations is called "completing the square". This means to find some value for ""k"" below so that:formula_14 for some "y". Since formula_15 and formula_16 this means formula_17

There are five steps to solve a quadratic equation by completing the square:


This last value for "x" has two values: formula_28 and formula_29. These are the x-coordinates at the points where the y-coordinates are equal to zero and so the function crosses the x-axis.

It is also interesting to note that the vertex of the function, formula_30, can be found from the equation in step 3 above.

Although completing the square can be used to solve many quadratic equations, it does not work with every equation. There is a way to find the value of "x" that makes the equation true by replacing the values in a formula with the coefficients from the quadratic equation. This is called the "quadratic formula", which is:

The numbers represented by "a", "b", and "c" are the same as those in the original equation, formula_2. For this formula to work properly, "a" cannot be equal to 0 for the formula (but really, when "a" = 0 in the original equation, it is not quadratic since there is no x-squared term).

The factored form of this equation is formula_33, where "s" and "t" are the zeros, "a" is a constant, and "y" and the two values of "x" are ordered pairs which satisfy the equation.

The quadratic formula can be found out, or proved, using the same "completing the square" method from above, only by using "a", "b", and "c" instead of actual values and using algebra to find the value of "x". Here is how: 


Now that the value of "x" has been found out, the values of "a", "b", and "c" are replaced with the corresponding coefficients from the original equation. For example, going back to the second example, formula_13 , it can be seen that the values are formula_46, formula_47, and formula_48. By putting these values into the quadratic formula and solving, the result is:

formula_49. Solving the two square roots, the value of "x" can be either 1.148 or -0.348, which is the same as above.

Unlike the other methods described above, the quadratic equation will work with every possible value for "a", "b", and "c", even if there are no "real roots", that is, places where the graph of the function touches the x-axis.

The value inside the square root, that is, formula_50, is known as the "discriminant". It can tell whether the roots are real or Imaginary. There are three cases:


Babylonian mathematicians, as early as 2000 BC (displayed on Old Babylonian clay tablets) could solve problems relating the areas and sides of rectangles. There is evidence dating this algorithm as far back as the Third Dynasty of Ur. In modern notation, the problems typically involved solving a pair of simultaneous equations of the form:

which is equivalent to the statement that formula_53 and formula_54 are the roots of the equation:

The steps given by Babylonian scribes for solving the above rectangle problem, in terms of formula_53 and formula_54, were as follows:


In modern notation this means calculating formula_59, which is equivalent to the modern day quadratic formula for the larger real root (if any) formula_60 with formula_61, formula_62, and formula_63.


Attac (organization)

The Association pour la Taxation des Transactions pour l'Aide aux Citoyens (Association for the Taxation of Financial Transactions for the Aid of Citizens, ATTAC) is an organization that promotes a tax on foreign exchange transactions, the so-called Tobin tax. 

At first Attac demanded only the introduction of the so-called Tobin tax on currency speculation. Now it fights for many issues related to globalisation. Therefore, it reports about the decisions of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). ATTAC attends the meetings of the G8 with the goal of influencing policymakers' decisions.

Though ATTAC criticises the neoliberal ideology dominating economic globalisation, it is not "anti-globalisation". It supports globalisation policies that they characterise as sustainable and socially just. One of ATTAC's slogans is "The World is not for sale", denouncing the "merchandisation" of society.


Threat

A threat is a type of communication. It is a warning. It is a behaviour which almost all advanced animals have. In humans it is often verbal (spoken). Dictionary definition:

Threats evolved because actual fighting often damages an animal, and a damaged animal is at risk. On the other hand, animals compete for food, territory, mating and other important things.

Because humans have complicated brains, their use of threats may be deliberate, and may be spoofs or jokes. Humans make threats verbally, but words are not automatic. If I tread in your toe, you may say "Ow" by reflex. That's not a threat. But if I say "do that again, and I'll (whatever)", that's a threat.
In many cases the threat is not believed, or may even be a joke. Like other communications, a threat has a context, and the context decides its meaning.

A child who says "I'll tell my dad" may learn from the sarcastic reply "I'm so scared!" that the threat is an idle threat. An idle threat is one that promises harm which cannot or will not happen.

A threat to do harm may be mixed with an offer to do good. This is called a conditional offer, or throffer. The threat part may be implied, but nevertheless effective.

Some countries, such as the United States, have a legal concept of true threat. A true threat is a threatening communication which can be prosecuted under the law.

A threat can describe a situation of danger: for example "a terrorist threat". Many countries have a system where the government can adjust its security by having official threat levels.


Promotion

Promotion means spreading information about an product, service or issue. 

Promotional activity generally involves a company spreading knowledge about its brand, products, or service to generate demand, build a following, raise awareness, or build loyalty. Many of these activities taking place simultaneously, and including channels such as: Social Media, Direct Mail, Print, and Television.

Promotion as part of marketing means spreading information about a product, product line, brand, or company.
"Promotion" includes:

"Promotion for marketing" includes additionally:

Promotion can also happen when a marketing company is providing discounts and coupons to customers to create brand awareness.

Issue

Issue may have one of the following special meanings:


Firefly

Fireflies are a family of beetles called the Lampyridae. These beetles are special in that most of them have bioluminescence, the ability to produce light. They are sometimes called 'lightning bugs' or 'forest stars'. There are about 2000 different species, most of which are nocturnal.

Adults use flashes of light to attract mates. Also, firefly larvae flash their lights to warn predators that they are not a tasty meal. Many predators do not like the taste of firefly larvae.

A firefly is an insect, so it has an exoskeleton and three body parts. Much like an annual cicada, they are usually soft-bodied, often with the elytra (front wings) more leathery than in other beetles.

A firefly may be brown or black with yellow and red marks.

All fireflies glow as larvae. Bioluminescence serves a different function in lampyrid larvae than it does in adults. It appears to be a warning signal to predators, since many firefly larvae contain chemicals that are distasteful or toxic.

Light in adult beetles was originally thought to be used for similar warning purposes, but its main purpose is now thought to be mate selection. Fireflies are a classic example of an organism that uses bioluminescence for sexual selection. They have evolved a variety of ways to communicate with mates in courtships: steady glows, flashing, and the use of chemical signals unrelated to photic systems.

Fireflies live in tropical climates in the United States, Latin America, Caribbean Island, and South East Asia. They also live east of Rocky Mountains. Fireflies like to live in damp areas and dry areas. Examples of damp areas are rain forests, streams, marshes, ponds and leaf piles. Examples of dry areas are backyards and meadows.

Most species live in marshes or near water, because there their larvae have more than enough food.


Phengodidae

Phengodidae is a family of glow-worm beetles. Their larvae are also glow-worms.

The family occurs only in the New World, and has about 30 genera. Both the females and larvae are bioluminescent: they have organs that can produce light. This family is different from the fireflies (family Lampyridae).

The larvae and the females (which keep their larval form) are predators. They feed on millipedes and other animals they find in the soil and litter. Males are winged. They are attracted to lights at night. They are probably short-lived and do not feed at all. In some species, adult males can also produce light. Females have organs that produce a green or yellow light on their trunks. Some of them (called railroad worms) also have such an organ in front, which can produce a red light.

Arachnocampa

Arachnocampa is a family of flies. They are also called Fungus gnats. They occur in Australia and New Zealand. Their larvae are glowworms.

They were called Bolitphila ("mushroom-lovers") until 1924. Then people found out that their larvae use silk threads to catch prey. Their current name means "spider-grub".

Rumiko Takahashi

She made popular manga books such as "Ranma ½" and "InuYasha". She is the richest woman in Japan and her manga is loved all over the world. She joined Gekiga Sonjuku college: a manga school run by Kazuo Koike, also a manga artist. With the school's help, she managed to make a "doujinshi" (self-published work mostly for beginners) manga artwork, for example, "Bye-Bye Road" and "Star of Futile Dust".

She first started with "Those Selfish Aliens" in 1978, followed by "Time Warp Trouble", "Shake Your Buddha", and "The Golden Gods of Poverty", published in Shonen Sunday - this place was to become the publisher of her most important works. Later in this year, she tried to work on "Urusei Yatsura" (Lamu, the invader girl), her first full series of books. This had some publishing problems, but even so, it became the most loved manga comedy in Japan.

In 1980, she wrote a lot of books. The most important was "Maison Ikkoku" from 1980 to 1987. She finished both "Urusei Yatsura" (34 books) with "Maison Ikkoku" (15 books). After that she began a dark, story telling type of manga - the "Mermaid Saga", finished at 1994, with the story "Mermaid's mask". It is thought to be unfinished because it did not have a note to tell the reader it was ended. "One-pound Gospel" was her next book. It was nearly not finished because of the ending similar to "Mermaid Saga", with the last story done in 2001.

At late 1987, she began another major manga called "Ranma ½". It ended in 1996 with 38 books altogether. During 1990s, she began "InuYasha". It was a magical story very similar to "Mermaid Saga". Rumiko Takahashi had said that she would make it up to 500 chapters and 50 books. That would make it the longest she has ever made for now.

In 1981, Urusei Yatsura was the first work to become an anime. This series began showing on October 14 at the Japanese television by a studio called Kitty Animation. This had many different directors during the making of this anime. The most well known director was Mamoru Oshii. He also directed the second "Urusei Yatsura" movie, "Beautiful Dreamer". This is thought to be his best work for the anime. Kitty Animation also made the anime of "Maison Ikkoku" in 1986 (with 96 episodes and 4 Original Video Animation (OVA)s, which are animes made only on video but not on TV). It also made Ranma ½ in anime. Kitty Animation stopped because of problems, and Ranma ½ anime also stopped during episode 161.

Sunrise was the next studio to make animes out of Rumiko Takahashi's mangas. They made 167 episodes of "InuYasha" animes, started on 2000 and ending in 2004. As with "Ranma ½", "InuYasha" did not finish. This was because the manga "InuYasha" was too long to continue in anime. The "Mermaid Saga" anime was made in 2003 for 13 series of the manga.

The later animes are from her short mangas: "The Tragedy of P", "The Merchant of Romance", "Middle-Aged Teen", "Hidden In The Pottery", "Aberrant Family F", "As Long As You Are Here", "One Hundred Years of Love", "In Lieu of Thanks", "Living Room Lovesong", "House of Garbage", "One Day Dream", "Extra-Large Size Happiness" and "The Executive's Dog".

Takahashi is still popular in Europe, mostly in France. Viz Media is the studio that translated most of the animes in English. At early 1990s, they began to translate "Urusei Yatsura" the anime. Because it was difficult to translate the Japanese way of life/culture and the confusing puns and wordplay, they stopped the series. "Mermaid Saga", "Maison Ikkoku" and "Inuyasha" could go on even so. "Ranma ½" was popular for English-speakers. It was shown all over the world. Viz also showed "InuYasha" anime on Adult Swim, where it was very popular. "InuYasha" is the very popular even now. Even with many of her works having Japanese cultures that is difficult to understand in them, the believable characters in them and their feelings are easy to understand all over the world.


Debate

Debate or debating is a method of argument. Disputes and conflicts may be settled by debate. It is a larger form of argument than logical argument, because in a debate, the debaters try to influence the feelings of the audience, in order to persuade them on a topic.

The subject or issue of the debate is the question on which the participants debate. An issue or debate always has two sides or positions. Informal debates like discussion are very common, but the quality of a debate improves with knowledge and skill of its participants as debaters.

Deliberative bodies such as parliaments, legislative assemblies, and meetings of all sorts have debates. The winner of a debate may be decided by the audience's vote, by judges, or by both.

Formal debates between candidates for an elected office are common in places where leaders of countries are chosen by the people. The most well-known of these debates are between candidates for the President and Vice President of the United States, and leaders debates between leaders of parties in Parliament in countries like Great Britain and Canada.

Alternative

In natural language and in cognitive decision-making, alternative is one of two things/(abstract or real objects)/actions which can be chosen. From a specific perspective/(point of view)/goal, alternatives are always equivalent.

In logic and mathematics, alternative is the element of logical disjunction. 

In different contexts alternative (or "Alternativism") may refer to :


Momofuku Ando

, born Wú Bǎifú (吳百福) in Taiwanese (March 5, 1910 - January 5, 2007) was the founder and chairman of Nissin Food Products Co., Ltd., and the inventor of the modern instant noodle, ramen.

Ando was born to Taiwanese parents in Kagi (currently Chiayi), Taiwan and grew up an orphan in Tainan City. In 1948, Momofuku Ando founded what was to become Nissin in Ikeda, Osaka, Japan. It was a small family-run company at first.

On August 25, 1958, at the age of 48, and after months of trial and error experimentation, Ando announced that he had finally perfected his flash-frying method and therefore invented the instant noodle. Called Chikin Ramen, after the original flavour, it was originally considered a luxury food item as it cost around six times that of traditional non-instant udon and soba noodles. Ando began sales of the Cup noodles on September 18, 1971. As prices dropped, ramen soon became a booming business. An estimated 70 billion servings were sold in 2004.

In 1964, looking for a way to promote the instant noodle industry, Ando founded the Instant Food Industry Association which set guidelines for fair competition and product quality, introducing several industry standards such as the inclusion of production dates on packaging and the "fill to" line. The Momofuku Ando Instant Ramen Museum is named after Ando.

Ando was also the chairman of the International Ramen Manufacturers’ Association. He died on January 5, 2007 of heart failure in Osaka Prefecture at the age of 96. 

Disjunction

Disjunction can refer to several things.

In logic, it can mean:

In biology, it can mean:

Demon

A demon (or daemon) is a supernatural malevolent being in many world religions. The word 'demon' has different meanings all over the world, but often there is the idea that they are spirits that lived in a place, or went with a person. The word is also used for a type of computer program that does useful things in the background of a computer, but this use is not related to the religious meaning.

A demon is usually thought to be a supernatural creature that is an evil spirit. Demons are often described as being summoned by someone, and then either being sent to do works of evil, or to create chaos. "To demonize" means to make someone appear evil.

In a few writings, there are also good demons, for example in stories by James Clerk Maxwell, Hesiod and Shakespeare. In Indo-European mythology and traditions of Iranian Avestan and Vedic, the idea of "demons" was there for many years. Ancient Egyptians thought of demons as "monsters" that ate souls of people when they went to the afterlife. In ancient Greek mythology, there are also "daemons" but they were thought to be invisible protectors that they believed protected them. In the book "Northern Lights" by Philip Pullman, a daemon is said to be a creature that everyone has as part of the body. So if it is far away from someone, that person would feel hurt.

"Monotheistic" religions (that say there is one God) usually teach that demons are rebels and under God at all times. The English poet John Milton describes Satan as rebelling against God but losing, and being allowed to survive only by God's grace. In some "polytheistic" religions, demons are equal to gods. In Hinduism, the demon-goddess Kali represents destruction and thus from a human standpoint is "bad".

The "grimoire" (medieval book about magical beliefs) called "Ars Goetia", writes about 72 demons that a king has called and put in a bronze container sealed by magical symbols. The demons had to do whatever the king said. This book is all about spirits and demons, good and evil, that were called by magic.

In Western thought, demons are spirits who do evil things. They are not similar to humans. Rather they are like angels, but doing harm. Pagan gods, like the Norse Gods are often thought to be demons in reality.

Christians believe that demons were angels that went bad. They fought against God, who won the battle with Michael (see Book of Revelation chapter 12) God sent the bad demons into a prison called Hell and they could not see God now for the punishment. Those demons are called the fallen angels.

Western beliefs about demons come from the Bible. The Bible does not mention the origin of demons. The idea that demons are fallen angels comes mostly from Augustine of Hippo.

In Middle Eastern beliefs, demons are often thought to have lived before humans, and they are often similar to humans. When humans appeared, the demons vanished under the earth or hide into dark and desolate places. In Turkey, Armenia, Iran and Albania they are called "div". In Syria, Arabian Peninsula, and Egypt, they are called "ifrit" or "marid". In Islamic cultures, there are also djinn, who are similar to demons, but not necessarily evil.

The notion of demons derive from Zoroastrianism, an ancient Iranian religion. They called the demons "deva". Zorastrians believed that the Hindu deities (deva) were evil and caused injustice among humans. Therefore, they believed the deva are evil. Jews back when believed these deva were real, but the demons of their own religion.

In the Greek New Testament and Hebrew Old Testament, demons are said to be bad. In Hebrew, demons are called "". In other Hebrew writings, they do not come from heaven, but came from another world and made much troubles. They gave diseases too. And they have a prince who is not God, but a demon. Sometimes this prince is thought to be Samael.

The "deva" were called "div" by Muslims. Unlike the djinns, div were not created to choose and have no free-will. Muslim scholars could only speculate about their origin. Some think they have been created by God, even before the djinns, others thought they are created a company for Satan.

In Islam, "djinns" are creatures that cannot be seen by people most of the time, made of fire by God (Allah), with special powers to help and harm people. "Djinns", like humans, have free will and must choose to serve and obey God (Allah). Like demons, djinns can possess people, but they are not only evil.

In Hinduism, demons are called "asuras". "Patala" is thought to be an underground place below the Earth, where humans live. "Asura" means supernatural beings that were good or bad. People who do evil and horrible things in their lives, by reincarnation, will turn into evil, ghost spirits called "Vetalas, Pisand hachas, Bhūtas". The most evil people reincarnate in hell as demons. In Japanese folklore, there are malevolent spirits called "oni" (鬼), a Japanese word translatable as "demon" in English.

In the traditional religion and folklore from the Native Americans in the United States and the Canada's First Nations, the Wendigo, a mythological monster believed to have a grotesque appearance and only eat human flesh, is widely considered to be a demon.

In "InuYasha", a fictional manga, yokai (Japanese for supernatural creatures and translated demon in English) cannot die easily and they age more slowly than humans.

A daemon is a type of program found in computers running operating systems based on Unix like Linux, BSD, and Mac OS X. (In Windows these programs are usually called "services" instead.) It usually starts when the computer starts, and does useful things. Some daemons start other programs after waiting until a certain time of day, or wait for you to ask for a file from another computer. The term is a reference to Maxwell's Demon, not religion.


Colombo Central Bank bombing

The Central Bank bombing was one of the deadliest terrorist attacks of the civil war in Sri Lanka between the government and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam.

The attack happened on January 31, 1996, in Colombo, the capital city of Sri Lanka. A truck with about 440 pounds (200 kg) of high explosives crashed through the main gate of the Central Bank, a seaside building which managed most of the financial business of the country. As gunmen and security guards were shooting, the suicide bomber in the truck detonated the massive bomb, which badly damaged the bank and damaged eight other buildings nearby.

The explosion killed 90 people and injured 1,400 others. Most of these were ordinary citizens or civilians working in the small shops set up near the bank. This bombing was followed by the 1996 Dehiwala train bombing in July that killed 64 people.

Until 2006, the Central Bank bombing was the deadliest Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam terrorist bombing.

Ledger line

A ledger line is a short line used in musical notation to write notes which would otherwise be too high or too low to put on any of the five lines on the staff. A short line (slightly longer than the note) is drawn parallel to the lines on the staff, and the note head is placed on that line or in the space below or above it.

Notes with at least three or four ledger lines are rarely used for composing and arranging. It is easier to change the clef or use the “8va” sign (called "ottava" sign), which means the notes should be played an octave higher or lower than it is written, depending on whether the sign is above or below the staff.



Clef

A clef is a sign at the beginning of a staff of music which makes it possible for the player to work out what the notes are. The word “clef” is a French word meaning “key”. The original Latin word is “clavis”. It is the “key” to understanding which notes should be played.

The staff (or “stave”) consists of five lines across the page. The notes are placed on these lines and in these spaces. The staff is only large enough to cover one and a half octaves of music (a bit more with ledger lines). Therefore, different clefs are used for high music and for low music.

The treble clef is drawn by starting with a circle in the middle, then going up, round and straight down with a hook at the end. The second line of the staff (counting from the bottom) goes through the middle of the treble clef’s circle. A note on this line is a G. This is why the treble clef is called a “G clef”.
The treble clef is used for high notes. The notes higher than Middle C can be written in the treble clef. In piano music the right hand is usually written in the treble clef. Music for instruments such as the violin, flute, oboe, recorder, trumpet and high singing voice are always written in the treble clef.

The alto clef is an example of a “C clef”. The middle of a C clef points to Middle C. In the alto clef Middle C is on the third line of the staff. Viola music is written in this clef, which is why it is also called the “viola clef”. Alto trombone players also need to be able to read the alto clef.

The tenor clef is another C clef. Middle C is on the fourth line up. Tenor trombone players need to be able to read the tenor clef. Cellists, Double bass players and bassoonists also need to read tenor clef when their music goes high.

The bass clef is normally used for the left hand in piano music. Low instruments like the cello, double bass, and bassoon mostly read from the bass clef. It is an F clef because the two dots are on either side of the fourth line up which is an F below Middle C.

The choice of clef used depends on the music. The music for a pianist’s left hand may be written in the bass clef, and the right hand notes may be in the treble clef.

In choral music the sopranos and altos sing from the treble clef, the tenors usually sing from the treble clef but sounding an octave lower than written (shown by a small 8 below the clef), and the basses sing from the bass clef.
for low bass intoments.

At the center of the image shown is middle C, at a frequency of 261.63 Hz. Other names for it are C or c'. It is located at the center line of the alto clef. But on the bass or alto clefs it resides one ledger below or above the staff, respectively. The two C notes that are above c' are shown to the left and right, on the bass and treble staffs. The three clefs are staggered so that all three middle Cs are aligned on a single horizontal line. <br> To facilitate the teaching of these clefs, the lines of the bass and treble clef are marked. A mnemonic for remembering GBDFA on the bass clef is "good bikes don't fall apart". For the treble clef, one can learn "every good bird does fly" for the lines marked EFBDF.


Tobin tax

A Tobin tax is a tax on all trade of currency across borders. 

The first idea that it could be useful came from the economist James Tobin. The tax is meant to put a penalty on short-term speculation in currencies. The proposed tax rate would be low, between 0.1% to 0.25%. 

On August 15, 1971, Richard Nixon told that it would no longer be possible to change the US dollar to gold, so ended the Bretton Woods system. Tobin suggested a new system for international currency stability, and proposed that such a system include a charge on foreign-exchange transactions. Professor Tobin later received a Nobel Prize in Economics in 1981.

The idea was nearly forgotten for more than 20 years. In 1997 Ignacio Ramonet, editor of "Le Monde Diplomatique", started the debate around the Tobin tax again with an editorial titled ""Disarming the markets"". Ramonet proposed to create an association for the introduction of this tax, which was named ATTAC (Association for the Taxation of financial Transactions for the Aid of Citizens). The tax has then become an issue of the antiglobalization movement and a matter of discussion not only behind academic institutions but even in the streets and in parliaments around the world, such as the UK and France. 

Since one country acting alone would find it very difficult to introduce this tax, many argue it would be best done by an international institution. It has been proposed that having the United Nations manage a Tobin tax would solve this problem and would give the U.N. a large source of funding independent from donations by participating states. However, there have been initiatives of national dimension about the tax.

The Tobin tax idea was the subject of much discussion in Europe in the summer of 2001. On June 15, 2004, the Commission of Finance and Budget in the Belgian Federal Parliament approved a bill implementing the "Spahn tax" (a version of the Tobin tax proposed by Paul-Bernd Spahn). According to the legislation, Belgium will introduce the Tobin tax once all countries of the eurozone introduce a similar law.


Penalty

A penalty is most often a punishment, and may also mean:

Visoko

Visoko is historic town in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It has 17000 residents. Visoko is on the rivers Bosna and Fojnica. 

Visoko was the capital of medieval Bosnia in early years of the country. From this time, the most important places are old town Visoki on Visočica hill, the trade center Podvisoki, Mile - the place where the kings were crowned and Moštre where the Bosnian church university was. 

In 1463, the Ottomans conquered Bosnia. Ajas-beg is founder of modern Visoko. He built mosques, trade shops and other things.


Speculation

Speculation has a special meaning when talking about money. The person who speculates is called a speculator. A speculator does not buy goods to own them, but to sell them later. The reason is that he wants to make a profit from the change in price. 

One tries to buy the goods when they are cheap and to sell them when they are expensive. There is a good chance to profit as long as the market price changes often in different directions.

Speculation includes the buying, holding, selling, and short-selling of stocks, bonds, commodities, currencies, collectibles, real estate, derivatives or any investment. It is the opposite of buying because one wants to use them for daily life or to get income from them (as dividends or interest). 

Speculation is one of the biggest market roles in western financial markets. The others are hedging, long term investing and arbitrage. Speculators do not plan to keep an asset for a long time.

Quarterback

A quarterback (QB) is a position in American and Canadian football. Quarterbacks are members of the offense, or attacking team. They line up directly behind the center, in the middle of the offensive team's line. A quarterback is usually the leader, and starts most plays. In addition, the quarterback gives commands to the other players before the start of a play. A quarterback will in most attacking plays throw the ball to a member of their team, ready to run to the end of the pitch. Quarterbacks may also run the ball themselves, as well as hand the ball to a runningback. These players are usually the faces of their respective teams. Some very notable players at this position in history are Tom Brady, Jim Kelly, and Peyton Manning.

If quarterbacks don't like the formation the defense is using, they may use an audible. An audible is a way for the quarterback to change the play at the line of scrimmage (where players line up to start a play). He changes what the play will be by shouting out things that his teammates will understand. An audible may be called if the quarterback sees how the defensive players are lined up and does not think that the play that has been called would be good against how the defense is lined up.

Arrest

An arrest is when a person's liberty is removed by taking them into jail (custody). This is usually done after an investigation of a crime or in stopping a crime from taking place. The term comes from Anglo-Norman. It is related to the French word "arrêt", which means "stop".

Police and some other organisations are allowed to arrest people. In some places, normal people can arrest others (a "citizen's arrest"). For example, in England and Wales, a citizen's arrest can be made on someone who has committed a serious crime, though there are rules as to when and how this can be done.

The word "arrest" comes from Anglo-Norman. It is taken from the French word "arrêt". Arrêt means 'to stop or stay'. There are many slang terms for being arrested in different countries. In British slang, the term "nicked" is often used to mean "arrested", and "nick" can also mean a police station. In the United States and France, "collared" is sometimes used. The term "lifted" is also used.

When there is a good reason to think someone has committed a serious crime, the police usually handcuff an arrested person. The person will be taken to a police station or jail. There, they are subject to a booking process and they can be bailed or have their charge read out to them and asked how they plead. This is called an arraignment.

Indian law says that arrests do not need to be formal. The arrest can be made by a normal citizen, a police officer or a Magistrate. The police officer needs to tell the person who is being arrested what they did wrong and that they can be let go on bail if the crime allows people to be bailed.

A Miranda warning is only needed when a person has already been arrested is being questioned. This warning tells the person who has been arrested that they can be silent, can have a counsel with them, and warns them that whatever they say can be used against them. Police also must tell the person who has been arrested about their Miranda Rights.

In the United Kingdom a person must be told that they are under arrest. They must also be told, in simple language that they can understand, the reasons for their arrest. A person must be 'cautioned' when they are arrested unless this can not be done, for example if the person being arrested is being violent or is drunk. The caution given in England and Wales is: You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence.

This exact wording is not needed as long as the same information is given.



Oehlen

People with the name Oehlen:

Jos Oehlen

Jos Oehlen (born March 12, 1953 in Tegelen) is a Dutch sculptor.

Jos Oehlen studied at the Academy of Tilburg and the "Rijksakademie voor Beeldende Kunsten te Amsterdam." Most of his sculptures are done in bronze but he has also created some sculptures in granite and marble. His most recent large sculpture is "The Pelican" in Uny, Hungary.


James Tobin

James Tobin (March 5, 1918 – March 11, 2002) was an American economist. Outside academia, Tobin became widely known for his suggestion of a tax on foreign exchange transactions, now known as the "Tobin tax". This was designed to reduce speculation on currency markets, which he saw as unproductive. He also suggested that the money gained from the tax could be used to fund projects for the benefit of Third World countries, or to support the United Nations.

Tobin's academic work included pioneering contributions to the study of investment, monetary and fiscal policy and financial markets. He promoted and developed the ideas of Keynesian economics. He believed that governments should intervene in the economy in order to stabilise output and avoid recessions.


Bretton Woods system

The Bretton Woods system was the first system used to control the value of money between different countries. It meant that each country had to have a monetary policy that kept the exchange rate of its currency within a fixed value—plus or minus 1%—in terms of gold.

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) was created to fight against temporary imbalances of payments. The Bretton Woods system was the first monetary order that organized monetary relations among independent nation-states. It set out the rules for commercial and financial relations among the world's major industrial states.

Plans to rebuild the international economic system after the end of World War II started before the war ended. 730 delegates from all 44 Allies of World War II came to Bretton Woods, New Hampshire for the "United Nations Monetary and Financial Conference". The delegates discussed and then signed the Bretton Woods Agreements during the first three weeks of July 1944.

The planners at Bretton Woods set up a system of rules, institutions, and procedures to regulate the international monetary system. They started the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (now one of five institutions in the World Bank Group) and the "International Monetary Fund" . These organizations became active in 1946 after enough countries had ratified the agreement.

Until the early 1970s, the Bretton Woods system worked. It controlled conflict and achieved the common goals of the leading states that had created it, especially the United States. But in 1971, In the face of increasing strain, the United States decided not to allow the conversion of dollars to gold and the system collapsed.


Sunflowers Interactive Entertainment Software

Sunflowers Interactive Entertainment Software is a German company that develops and publishes video games. It is in Heusenstamm, Germany. It was founded in 1993 by Adi Boiko and Wilhelm Hamrozi. Boiko is now president of the company and Hamrozi is chief executive officer (CEO). The company is known for the Anno series (also by Max Design), Knights of Honor (by Black Sea Studios) and ParaWorld (by SEK).

The following is a list of games that have been created or published by Sunflowers:


Conversion

In general, conversion is the transformation of one thing into another. Articles on particular kinds of conversion are:





Anti-globalization movement

Anti-globalization is used for people and groups who oppose certain aspects of globalization in its present form.

“Anti-globalization” is considered by many to be a social movement, while others consider it to be several separate social movements. In either case, participants are united in opposition to the political power of large corporations, as exercised in trade agreements and elsewhere, which they say destroys the environment, human rights, labor rights for worker, national sovereignty, the third world, and more. 

Most people who are called "anti-globalization" prefer instead to describe themselves as the Global Justice Movement, the Movement of Movements (a popular term in Italy), the "alter-globalization" movement (popular in France), and a number of other terms.

The groups and individuals that would come to be known as the "anti-globalization movement" developed in the late twentieth century to combat the globalization of corporate economic activity and the free trade with developing nations that might result from such activity.


Simon Peyton Jones

Simon Peyton Jones (1958-) born in South Africa and is a British computer scientist. He does research on (lazy) functional programming languages, such as Haskell. He works at Microsoft Research in Cambridge, England. He is married to Dorothy, a priest in the Church of England. They have six children.

Simon Peyton Jones, Simon Marlow and others have developed the Glasgow Haskell Compiler, a compiler for Haskell.

He has also worked on C--.


Zambezi River

The Zambezi River is the fourth largest river in Africa. It is also the largest river that enters the Indian Ocean. It starts in Zambia, flows successively through Angola, Zambia again, borders Namibia, Botswana and Zimbabwe, through Mozambique where it enters the ocean. Much more water flows during the rainy season, October through March.

The Victoria Falls, the most beautiful sight on the river, is listed as one of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The Kariba Dam on the Zambezi is a major source of hydroelectricity

Truth value

In logic, the truth value of a logical statement says how much it is true. Usually, the truth value can only be "true" or "false". For example, "The car is red" is true when the car is red, and false when it is not. The "true" truth value is often written as formula_1, T or 1, and the "false" truth value as formula_2, F or 0. The truth value of a complex statement can be found using a chart called truth table.

In multi-valued logics, the truth value can be other values as well. For example, one could use a value between 0 and 1 to say how much it is true. Zero would mean that it is completely false, and one would mean that it is completely true. When the car is orange (and we define orange as half red, half yellow), the truth value could be 0.5 because the statement is half true and half false. it is also used in critical thinking.


Charitable organization

A charitable organization is an organization that supports a cause by fundraising or through donations and charity. The organisations arrange for all the distribution of any money to each cause.

There are many well-known charities all over the world. Two of the most well-known charities are UNICEF and the Red Cross.

In England the National Council for Voluntary Organisations is the umbrella body for charities and not-for profit organisations. In Wales there is the Wales Council for Voluntary Action. In Scotland there is, the Scottish Council for Voluntary Organisations. In Northern Ireland there is the Northern Ireland Council for Voluntary Action.

Southwest

Southwest is the direction halfway between south and west. It is the opposite of northeast.

Boris Yeltsin

Boris Nikolayevich Yeltsin (; ; February 1, 1931 – April 23, 2007) was the first President of Russia and the country's first elected leader. He served from 1991 to 1999.

Yeltsin was born in a small village near the Ural Mountains on February 1, 1931. As a boy, he lost two fingers from his left hand after he and his friends played with grenades they had stolen from an army store. Yeltsin worked as a builder, then joined the Communist Party in 1961. He was the leader of the city of Sverdlovsk (now Yekaterinburg) during the 1970s. One of the things he did was demolish the building where Nicholas II and his family were shot.

In 1985, Mikhail Gorbachev made Yeltsin the leader of the city of Moscow. Yeltsin became one of the more liberal members of Gorbachev's government, and he often complained that Gorbachev's reforms were not doing enough. Eventually, in 1987, he had an argument with Gorbachev and ended up being kicked out. Yeltsin then became determined to get revenge. After Russia's elections in 1989, Yeltsin became leader of the Russian Parliament. It was his idea to create the office of President of Russia in the first place.

Yeltsin became the first elected leader of Russia in 1991. He won 57% of the vote. Two months later, Yeltsin became a hero across Russia when he helped stop an attack on the government in Moscow. Later that year, the Soviet Union collapsed as Russia and all 14 other divisions made themselves independent. Yeltsin won support from the United States and Europe when he promised to bring capitalism and democracy to Russia, but the 1990s were difficult times for Russia and Yeltsin was an unpopular leader while President.

In 1993, the Russian Parliament tried to remove Yeltsin from power after he tried to hold early elections. The problem got so bad that Yeltsin ended up using tanks to attack the Russian Parliament building. After he stopped Parliament, Yeltsin ruled as a dictator for a few months until a new constitution was approved by voters.

Throughout the rest of his time as president, Russia would be affected by many money problems, including inflation and corruption. Yeltsin decided to sell off many things the government had owned, such as oil and natural gas, and many government businesses, but these ended up falling into the hands of a small powerful group of billionaires, who became known as the oligarchs. In 1998, Russia suffered a large financial crisis. Yeltsin also started a war to stop the Chechnya part of Russia from breaking away. However, Vladimir Putin was mainly behind the war with Chechnya.

Despite these problems, Yeltsin was re-elected in 1996. His biggest opponent was a Communist, Gennady Zyuganov. Many Russians felt that if Zyuganov was elected, it would cause a civil war. But by the time he resigned on New Year's Eve in 1999, Yeltsin was so unpopular, that his approval rating was believed to be just 2%.

Yeltsin resigned as President on New Year's Eve in 1999 in that New Year's address, saying he believed Russia should have "new politicians for a new millennium". Yeltsin's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin took over as president. This was only temporary, but Putin was then properly elected a few months later when an election was held to decide who should replace Yeltsin.

Yeltsin struggled with alcoholism while President. This often resulted in some strange behaviour when he visited other countries. During a visit to Berlin, he grabbed a stick and tried to conduct a military band. During a visit to Washington, he was found drunk outside the White House by members of the Secret Service. He also suffered from heart attacks.

Yeltsin died of congestive heart failure on April 23, 2007 in Moscow, Russia, aged 76. His funeral was held on April 25, 2007.


Treasurer

A treasurer is someone who looks after the money in a club, company, organization, association, or government. 

The treasurer of a government manages the Annual Budget of a state or country. The budget is used to give money to government departments and to pay for the debts or promises the government makes. This post is called Chancellor of the Exchequer in the United Kingdom. There is a treasurer of the United States, but the United States Secretary of the Treasury actually controls the department.

Yorkshire

Yorkshire is a historic and cultural Nation in Northern Europe. It covers a large area of the Pennines and its east coast borders the North Sea. The River Humber separates Yorkshire from Lincolnshire & Southern England, while the Teess River & The Yorkshire Pennines mountain range seperates Yorkshire from County Durham, Lancashire and the North of England.

The main towns and cities in Yorkshire are Leeds, York, Sheffield, Bradford, Middlesbrough, and Hull. It is the largest county in the United Kingdom. It covers just under with a population of over 5.7 million people.
Yorkshire was historically split up into three parts known as the East, North, and West Ridings during and after the 7th century Norse Settlment, while the county town York was in the middle. In the local government reorganization of England in 1974 the counties of West Yorkshire, North Yorkshire, South Yorkshire were established instead. Humberside included the former East Riding and Cleveland included part of the former North Riding. 

Despite this, the borders of Historic Yorkshire were never abolished. 
The people of Yorkshire are traditional rivals of the people of Lancashire; they sometimes call Yorkshire the "County of Broad Acres" (because its land area is so large) 

Yorkshire's People (Yorkshiremen & Yorkshirewomen) call her "God's Own Country", as the 1st Christian Roman Emperor, Constantine The Great, was crowned in the city of Eboracum, modern day York.
It has a wide range of landscapes: the green hills and valleys of the Yorkshire dales, the rugged heather of the Yorkshire moors, the coast which includes the resorts of Whitby or Bridlington. It also has several large cities including York (county town), Leeds, Sheffield (the greenest city in Europe and built on seven hills), Hull, Bradford, Doncaster, Harrogate and Wakefield.

Pixel

A pixel (short for picture element) is a single point in a picture. On the monitor of a computer, a pixel is usually a square. Every pixel has a color and all the pixels together are the picture. The color of a pixel can be stored by using a combination of red, green and blue (RGB) but other combinations are also possible, such as cyan, magenta, yellow and black (CMYK).

The word "pixel" was first used in a paper by Frederic C. Billingsley in 1965. He did not create the word himself. He got it from Keith E. McFarland but Keith does not know where he got it from. Keith said that the word was in use in those days.

The word "pixel" uses "pix" as a shorter word (an abbreviation) for "picture". The word pix was first used in 1932 in Variety, a magazine. It was an abbreviation for "pictures" or movies. By 1938 the word "pix" was also used for pictures that did not move (still pictures).

The word "picture element" is even older. For example, the German word "Bildpunkt" (which means "picture point") was used in a 1888 patent of Paul Gottlieb Nipkow.


Olomouc

Olomouc is the sixth largest city in the Czech Republic. It is in the center of the historical region Moravia. In the past, Olomouc was a capital city of Moravia. The city has about 102,000 residents. Its larger urban zone has a population of about 480,000 people.

There are many churches and historical buildings. There is beautiful "Holy Trinity Column" in the centre. UNESCO has this column on the list of World Heritage Sites. There is a nice astronomical clock.

Its university is the oldest in Moravia and second oldest in the Czech Republic. The university was founded in 1573 as part of effort to reestablish Roman Catholicism in the country. Roughly nine out of ten people of the Czech Crown lands were Protestants at the time. 

Astronomical clock

An astronomical clock is a clock with special mechanisms and dials to display astronomical information. It shows the relative positions of the sun, moon, zodiacal constellations, and sometimes major planets. Some examples are large public clocks, but others are instruments for use inside buildings. Astronomical watches are made by several manufacturers. They are also extremely accurate.

The clocks made in the Middle Ages used the geocentric method, showing the Earth at the centre. The Sun rotates round the Earth: this accords with daily experience and with the world view of pre-Copernican Europe.

The idea of an astronomical clock is ancient. Although not a clock in the traditional sense, the 2nd century BCE Antikythera mechanism of ancient Greece was used to calculate the positions of the sun, moon, and stars at any given point by use of complex mechanical gears. European astronomical clocks are probably descended from the technology of the Antikythera mechanism. As Cicero later wrote in the 1st century BCE, Archimedes and Posidonius's orrery achieved virtually the same thing.

Theobroma

Theobroma is a genus. There are about 20 species in it. They are small trees, native to the forests of Central and South America. The name translates to "food of the gods".

Their family is given as Sterculiaceae or sometimes as Malvaceae.

Some of these trees have edible seeds. Best known are perhaps the Cacao tree, the source of cocoa and chocolate. Other well-known trees are Cupuaçu, and Mocambo. 

"Theobroma" species are used as food plants by the larvae of some moths of the genus "Endoclita" including "E. chalybeatus", "E. damor", "E. hosei" and "E. sericeus". The larva of another moth, "Hypercompe muzina", feeds exclusively on "Theobroma cacao".

Cupuaçu

Cupuaçu ("Theobroma grandiflorum"), also spelled Cupuassu and Copoasu, is a tropical rainforest tree related to Cacao. Common throughout the Amazon basin, it is widely cultivated in the north of Brazil. The largest production occurs in Pará, followed by Amazonas, Rondônia and Acre.

Cupuaçu trees usually are between 5 and 15 meters (16 to 50 feet) tall. Some trees can reach 20 meters (65 feet). They have brown bark. Their leaves are 25–35 cm (10–14 in) long and 6–10 cm (2–4 in) across. These leaves have 9 or 10 pairs of veins. As they mature, their leaves change colour from pink-tinted to green. Eventually they begin bearing fruit. Cupuaçu fruits are oblong, brown, and fuzzy, 20 cm (8 in) long, 1–2 kg (2–4 lb) in weight, and covered with a thick (4–7 mm), hard exocarp.

The white pulp of the cupuaçu is uniquely fragrant. It contains theacrine (1,3,7,9-tetramethyluric acid) instead of the xanthines (caffeine, theobromine, and theophylline) found in cacao. Cupuaçu can replace cocoa in many day-to-day foods, especially for children, such as chocolate milk. It is frequently used in desserts, juices and sweets. Cupuaçu seeds can be made into cupulate, which looks and tastes just like chocolate but is cheaper and more resistant to heat. Asahi Foods, a Japanese company, once tried to patent the production and use of Cupuaçu seed fat, but they failed.

The wood is also commonly used for timber.


Linear search

Linear search or sequential search is a method to find an item in a list. It is a search algorithm.

Start out with a list, codice_1 which may have the item that we want to look for.

In the Java programming language, linear search looks like this. This method has two parameters: an array of integers and the item we are looking for (also an integer). It says the location in the array if it finds the item. If it does not find it, it says -1.
public int linearSearch(int[] list, int item) {


Rosé wine

Rosé wine is a kind of wine. It is made from red grapes by letting the juice have only very short skin contact. All colour and tannins come from the skin of the grape.

Array data structure

In programming languages, an array is a way of storing several items (such as integers).
These items must have the same type (only integers, only strings, ...) because an array can not store different kinds of items.
Every item in an array has a number so the programmer can get the item by using that number.
This number is called the "index".
In most programming languages, the first item has index 0, the second item has index 1 and so on.

When the programmer creates an array, they must give the size of the array.
This is the number of items that can be stored in the array.
If the programmer wants to store more items, then they must create a new array.
This is because the size of an array can not be changed.

In the programming language C, arrays can be created like this:

int array[5];
This creates an array of integers and it can store 5 integers.
The programmer can now store integers in the array by doing:

array[0] = 1;
array[1] = 18;
array[2] = 5;
array[3] = 33;
array[4] = 50;
The programmer can use a value in the array like this:

int k = 3 + array[3]; // k is now 3 + 33 = 36
In the programming language Java, arrays can be created like this:

int[] array = new int[5];
This creates an array of integers and it can store 5 integers.
The programmer can now store integers in the array by doing:

array[0] = 1;
array[1] = 18;
array[2] = 5;
array[3] = 33;
array[4] = 50;
The programmer can use a value in the array like this:

int k = 3 + array[3]; // k is now 3 + 33 = 36

Tierce de Picardie

In music a Tierce de Picardie (meaning "Picardy third") is a major chord at the end of a piece of music in a minor key.

In the 16th to 17th centuries this was a very common way to end a piece in a minor key. This is because music in the minor sounds melancholy or disturbed in comparison to the major because the third note of the scale is flattened (lowered by a semitone). In the harmonic series this minor third is the 7th harmonic which sounds dissonant against the fundamental (first note of the scale). This means that ending in the major gives a sense of relief after the tension of the minor. In a piece in A minor, for example, where the third note of the scale is C natural, in a Tierce de Picardie the final chord will include a C sharp, changing the chord from A minor to A major.

The term was introduced in 1767 by Rousseau in his "Dictionnaire de musique" (Dictionary of Music). “Tierce” means “third”, but no one knows why he called it “Picardie” (Picardy is an area in the north of France).

Johann Sebastian Bach used it fairly often in his music. The first movement of the "Concerto for Two Violins and Orchestra" is a good example. In his "Fantasia and Fugue in G minor BWV542" the fugue ends with a Tierce de Picardie and, in some editions, the Fantasie as well. It is possible that Bach would have finished the Fantasie with a major chord only if he was playing it on its own (without the fugue), but we cannot be sure of this. Another good example of the Tierce de Picardie is the end of Cantata No. 82 "Ich Habe Genug", which is extremely effective. Another famous piece that ends in a Tierce de Picardie is Greensleeves.

Jean-Jacques Rousseau

Jean-Jacques Rousseau, (28 June 1712 – 2 July 1778) was a famous French-speaking philosopher. He was born in Geneva, Switzerland and always described himself as being Genevan.

Rousseau lived in the 18th century during the Age of Enlightenment. His political ideology influenced the French Revolution and aided the development of nationalism and socialist theories. 

Rousseau was also a composer, writing numerous books about music theory. Rousseau authored "Confessions", an autobiography, one of the first of its kind. Many later philosophers were influenced by him. He wrote a novel "Julie, ou la nouvelle Héloïse", which was a best-seller and influenced 19th century writers of romanticism.

Rousseau believed that men were born good and innocent, and that corruption and sadness happened because of life experiences and experiences in society. He believed that if society were gone, man would be happy and pure once again.

Rousseau is most famous for his social contract ideology, which is often compared to the social contract of John Locke. This ideology is stated in Rousseau's book, "The Social Contract."

Harmonic series

Harmonic series may refer to:


Theodoric the Great

Theodoric the Great (454–August 30, 526), known to the Romans as Flavius Theodoricus, was king of the Ostrogoths (488–526), ruler of Italy (493–526), and regent of the Visigoths (511–526). He united several German tribes and encouraged Arianism. 


Pumpkin Studios

Pumpkin Studios was a company that made computer and video games. It was founded in 1996. It was in Bath, England. They made one game: "Warzone 2100". It was a real-time strategy game for PC and PlayStation. It used a few new ideas such as machines that use radio waves to find other objects (radar technology) and machines that shoot objects (artillery). The game also used movies to tell the story to the player. These movies are called full motion videos.

The company was closed on 13 March 2000.


Lublin

Lublin is a city in eastern Poland. It's in the Lublin Voivodeship. It has an area of 147.5 km. About 354,000 people live in Lublin. It is the largest Polish city east of the Vistula River. The Bystrzyca river, a tributary of the Wieprz river, passes through the city and divides it into two parts: western, with a more varied relief with loess gorges, and eastern, which is flat. In the southern part of the city there is the artificial Zemborzyce Lake created by damming Bystrzyca. It is on the route between Vilnius and Kraków.

It was started in the 6 or 7 century. City walls were built in the 1340s. The Lublin Parliament session of 1569 led to the union between the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania which became the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. It was an important national centre of Arianism. it was ruined in the wars of the 17 century.

The National Museum, Lublin is now in the Lublin Castle which was started in the 12th century.

There are five public universities:


Lublin Airport (Port Lotniczy Lublin) (IATA: LUZ) is about 10 km (6.2 miles) SE of Lublin. Trains go from Lublin Główny railway station to the major cities in Poland. There are local trains. It is is one of only four towns in Poland to have trolleybuses.

Real-time strategy

Real-time strategy (RTS) is a genre of computer and video games. In real-time strategy games, every player has an army to attack the other player(s). Every player has a military base and people or vehicles (these are called units). The player also has money to create new units or to build new buildings. These buildings can allow the player to do things, such as creating units or to use new technology. Usually, the player that destroys the base and the units of the other player(s) wins. In Esports, if the game has a time limit, the player with the higher points win.

In real-time strategy games, everything the player does, happens right away: there's no time between doing something (like telling a unit to move) and seeing it happen. This is different in turn-based strategy where the players take turns to do things. Under the RTS genre, there is a Real-Time Tactics sub-genre (battlefield focused). The "Total War (video game series)" is an example of RTT game.

Most RTSs are God game, that is, the player does not control a single member or unit while playing, but controls all aspects of the game: direct the units, their tactics, improvements and attacks, and direct the planning and Construction of the base, its improvements and the quantity of resources and production.

While in simulation, the player controls a member of the faction, being a collector, soldier, spy, producer, diplomat or leader of the faction itself. Example is the in its "Hunger Games" mode.


Raw material

Raw materials are materials that have not been processed. They are in the form in which they are found in nature without any thing done to them. Raw materials are made into other things.

Raw materials usually come from:


Examples of raw materials:


Things that are not raw materials because they have been processed

+ coal 

Pasta

Pasta is a food made from flour, starch and water. It is usually cooked in hot water before being eaten. Pasta has been very popular in Italy and has also been eaten in many parts of Asia for a long time.
According to history, however, pasta's earliest roots begin in China, during the Shang Dynasty (1700-1100 BC), where some form of pasta was made with either wheat or rice flour. Pasta also appears to be a feature in the ancient Greek diet in the first millennium BC.

Pasta is often noodles. It is usually eaten in sauce, fried or in soup. Pasta is usually made from either wheat flour or rice flour, but it can be made with other types of flour. Pasta sometimes has eggs in it. Pasta comes in many different shapes and sizes.

Long pasta is named noodles. it has different names for each width. the name also changes if the edge is wavy. 

Short pasta comes in many shapes, each with a different name. they are named after what they look like. one common example is "bow-ties".


Flour

Flour is grains that have been dried and ground into powder. It is usually made of wheat, but can also be made from many other grains, nuts and other substances. Flour is used to make many foods.

Flour is an important part of bread, pasta, cookies, cakes, tortillas. Flour is made in a flour mill where the grain is put between two stones or steel wheels which are rubbed together to make the grains into powder.

The main kinds of flour used in cooking are all-purpose flour, self-raising flour and cake flour. Self-raising flour contains a leavening agent. This makes the food rise (expand) during baking. It produces lighter and softer baked foods by creating small bubbles. Flour that does not have a leavening agent is called all-purpose flour, or plain flour.

Flour can also be made at home. Some people like to make flour at home because when flour comes from the factory, the outer shells of the grains have usually been removed. The outer shells have fiber, which people need to eat for good health. Flour has many nutrients that are good to eat. People can also make flour with things such as pumpkins, pumpkin seeds, brown and white rice, wheat, etc.

It was discovered around 6000 BC that wheat seeds could be crushed between simple millstones to make flour. The Romans were the first to grind seeds on cone mills. Most mills were driven by wind (windmills) or water. Later, they were driven by steam. In the 1930s, some flour began to be enriched with iron, niacin, thiamine and riboflavin. In the 1940s, mills started to enrich flour and folic acid was added to the list in the 1990s.


Boston Tea Party

The Boston Tea Party was a protest by American colonists (These people were known as patriots) against King George III's rule in America. It happened on December 16, 1773.

The Boston Tea Party was an act of protest against the British for the Tea Act, one of several new attempts to tax colonists. The Americans had no one to speak for them in the British government. They were frustrated that they were being taxed by the government but had no part in how the government was run. They did not think it was right to pay taxes when they did not have a representative in the government ("No taxation without representation!"). Also, merchants selling their goods would lose their profit because of the taxes. The Americans began purchasing smuggled goods, which were much cheaper.

To show how angry they were, the Sons of Liberty, led by Samuel Adams, dressed up as Native Americans and went onto ships in the Boston Harbor. They took boxes of tea and dumped them into the water. The British government was enraged about this. Parliament made even stricter laws for the colonies, later called the Intolerable Acts. One of the Acts closed Boston Harbor until the colonists paid for all the tea they dumped. Another took away the right of Boston to govern itself.

The Boston Tea Party was one of the main events that started the American Revolutionary War.

David Kinnison [1764[?]-1852] who served briefly in the American Revolution also claimed to have been a member of the Boston Tea Party...although he would have been only 9 years old at the time! 


Cookie

A cookie is a sweet dessert made from flour. Cookies are made in an oven. They are also called biscuits in many English-speaking countries. In the United States and Canada, many varieties of biscuit are called cookies as well.

Most cookies are flat and round like a disc. Cookies often have flavors added to them, like spices, chocolate, butter, peanut butter, nuts or dried fruits. Most cookies are very sweet. Today, many people think of cookies with warmth and love. Cookies may be used like chocolate and candy as a reward when children do good deeds.

Even though it is close to cakes and other sweetened breads, cookies usually do not use water for cohesion. Water in cakes makes the base (in the case of cakes called "batter") as thin as possible, which allows the bubbles to form better. Cookies do not have bubbles, so they do not need this. In cookies, some form of oil or fat is used for cohesion. Oils, like butter, egg yolks, vegetable oils or lard are much more viscous than water and evaporate freely at a much higher temperature than water. So a cake made with butter or eggs instead of water is more dense when cooked.

Cookies where made in Ancient Greece around 1200 BC. Hard wafers have been made for as long as baking existed. They were very popular because they last a long time and are not fragile, but they were normally not sweet enough to be called cookies today.

Cookies were made at first in 7th century AD Persia, just after the use of sugar became common there. They spread to Europe through the Muslim conquest of Spain. By the 14th century, they were common in all parts of Europe, and could be found anywhere from royal cuisine to street vendors.

People started to travel around the world at that time, and cookies made a good travel snack; a sweeter version of the travel cakes used throughout history. One of the most popular early cookies, which traveled very well and became known on every continent, was the jumble, a hard cookie made mostly from nuts, sweetener, and water.

Common types of cookies:



Chocolate chip

Chocolate chips are small pieces of chocolate. They are used to make desserts, usually in baking. Chocolate chips are most common in cookies. Chocolate chips are also used in some cakes and other desserts.

Chocolate chips were invented in 1937 when Ruth Graves Wakefield of the Toll House Inn added cut-up chunks of a semi-sweet Nestlé chocolate bar to a cookie recipe. Lots of people liked the new cookies, and Wakefield made an agreement in 1939 with Nestlé to put her recipe on the chocolate bar's packaging. In return, Nestlé gave Wakefield a lifetime supply of chocolate. 

At first, Nestlé put a small chopping tool in the chocolate bar package. In 1941 Nestlé and one or more other chocolate bar companies started selling the chocolate in chip (or "morsel") form. The Nestlé brand Toll House cookies is named after Toll House Inn.

Encephalopathy

Encephalopathy means "problem of the brain". Most of the time, it is used by medical doctors, to speak about changed brains and thus changed thinking or changed behavior.


Guru Nanak Dev

Sri Guru Nanak Dev ji or Baba Guru Nanak (15 April 1469 – 22 September 1539) was a Punjabi philosopher, Sufi sage, and a mystic. He is considered a Sufi saint by Punjabi and Sindhi Muslims in Pakistan and as the founder of Sikhism and the first Guru by Sikhs. Guru Nanak Dev ji came from a Hindu Khatri landowning family, with his father known as Mehta Kalu and his mother as Mata Tripta. 

Before his passing, Guru Nanak Dev ji declared that there would be no more Gurus, and Sikhs would follow the teachings in the Sikh holy book, called Guru Granth Sahib, where "Guru" means "teacher" in Sanskrit and Punjabi. Guru Nanak had a close connection with Baba Farid, another Sufi saint, known to the Sikhs as Sant Fariduddin.

Guru Nanak was born in Nankana Sahib, in Punjab. This is now part of Pakistan.

When Guru Nanak was a child he refused the "upanayana" (holy thread) to initiate him into the Hindu religion. Later in his life he married Mata Sulakhani with whom he had two sons. They were called Sri Chand and Lakshmi Das. According to the Sikh religion, one day he was bathing in the river and god took him up to heaven. His family members were very worried as they had thought he died. After three days he returned with the message of god. He gave up his job to spread the message on how to be a good person. Guru Nanak died in Kartarpur.


Etruscan civilization

The Etruscan civilization lasted from about 900 BC to 27 BC and was a culture in ancient Italy. The Romans called the people "Etrusci" or "Tusci". The Ancient Greeks called them "Tyrrhenoi" or "Tyrrsenoi". The Etruscans called themselves "Rasenna".

The Etruscan civilization began in pre-history. They lived in an area which included modern Tuscany, but was larger. At their height, they had three confederacies (like modern states): Etruria, Latinum and the Po Valley, and Campania. The Etruscans ruled Rome until 396 BC.

Not much is known about the Etruscan language. Not much of its writing survives. Most what survives is from engravings on tombstones. The Etruscans used an alphabet similar to those in Phoenicia and Greece.

The language is related to the Tyrrhenian language family and is not clearly related to other languages. Some Etruscan letters were used by the Romans in the Latin alphabet, which many languages use. Some Romans, such as the emperor Claudius, could read and speak Etruscan. 

The lack of texts makes knowledge of their society and culture depend on much later Roman sources. Politics was based on the small city and probably the family unit. In their heyday, the Etruscan elite became rich by trade with the Celtic world to the north and the Greeks to the south, and filled their large family tombs with imported luxuries. Ancient Greece had a huge influence on their art and architecture, and Greek mythology was evidently very familiar to them.

Etruscan does not survive in any great literary works, unlike Greek and Latin. An Etruscan religious literature existed, and evidence suggests that there was a body of historical literature and drama as well. For example, the name of a playwright, Volnius, is known. He wrote the "Tuscan tragedies". Although there is no evidence of notation, it is possible that Etruscan music had a written form.

The Etruscans mined metals like copper and iron. They became rich and powerful and travelled around the Mediterranean Sea. The Etruscans began to lose power in the 5th century BC. The Romans began conquering parts of Etruscan land. By the beginning of the 1st century BC, the Etruscans had been entirely defeated.

Etruscan art included wall paintings, metalwork and sculpture in terracotta. Sculpture in cast bronze was famous and widely exported, but few large examples have survived because bronze was valuable and so was often recycled.

Etruscan religion was a set of stories, beliefs, and religious practices. These came from the preceding Iron Age Villanovan culture. They were heavily influenced by the mythology of ancient Greece and Phoenicia. They had similarities to Roman mythology and religion. As the Etruscan civilization was assimilated into the Roman Republic in the 4th century BC, the Etruscan religion and mythology were partially absorbed. There was a Roman tendency to absorb local gods and customs of conquered lands.

Sea of Japan

The Sea of Japan is a sea in the western Pacific Ocean. It is bordered by Korea to the west, Russia to the north and Japan to the east and south.

South Korea calls it the East Sea, while North Korea calls it the East Sea of Korea.

The Sea of Japan is a sea in the north-western edge of the Pacific Ocean. It is separated from the ocean by the Japanese Archipelago, including Sakhalin, Hokkaidō and Honshū. It is surrounded by these islands and the Eurasian Continent. It covers 978,000 square km. The average depth is 1,667 meters. The depth of the deepest point is 3,742 meters. Five (or Six) narrow channels of water link the Sea of Japan and other seas: the Strait of Tartary and La Pérouse Strait with the Sea of Okhotsk; the Tsugaru Strait with the Pacific Ocean; the Kanmon Straits with the Seto Inland Sea; the Busan and Tsushima Strait with the East China Sea. 

The Sea of Japan has a shallow area in its center, called the Yamato Bank. Water here is less than 1,000 meters deep. It has three major sea basins: the Yamato Basin in the southeast, the Japan Basin in the north, and the Tsushima Basin in the southwest. These three surround the Yamato Bank counterclockwise.
The structure of the Sea of Japan can be divided into two layers: the surface water layer is about 300 meters deep, and the deep sea layer is below this. Currents in the surface layer move in the counterclockwise direction. One of them is the Tsushima Current, which is a warm current from the Korean Straits to the north-east direction along the shore of the Japanese Archipelago and mainly considered to be the branch of the Kuroshio Current. The other is the Liman Current, which is a cold current from the Strait of Tartary to the south-west direction along the shore of the Eurasian continent.

In contrast to the surface water, the deep sea water does not move as much because the five straits in and out are narrow and shallow. The deep sea water of the Sea of Japan tends to stay longer in the bottom of the sea than other deep sea water. The deep sea water is about eighty percent of the water in this sea.

The International Hydrographic Organization (IHO) decided to call this area the "Sea of Japan" in 1929.

Since 1992, South Korea has asked the world to use the names "East Sea" or "Sea of Korea" instead of "Sea of Japan".
South Korea argues that this sea has been called "East Sea" since early times. It is also a Korean belief that the name "East Sea" was eliminated from maps of the world in the early 20th century while South Korea was under the rule of Japan.

However, Japan says that the name "Sea of Japan" has been used more widely than "East Sea" in Europe and America since before the 18th century. Japan also argues that if there were no Japan, there would be no sea.

Now, most international maps and documents use the name Sea of Japan only. However, in some cases, the name East Sea is included along with the name Sea of Japan.

Natural environment

The Natural environment means all living and non-living things occurring naturally. It does not include human activity. The universe is natural, but often the term "natural environment" only means nature on Earth. 

Two aspects are usually included::

There is also the built environment, which is not natural. There, man has changed landscapes and natural environment to make cities and agricultural land.



Natural capital

Natural capital is a metaphor for the mineral, plant, and animal formations of the Earth's biosphere when viewed as a means of production of oxygen, water filter, erosion preventer, or provider of other ecosystem services. 

In a traditional economic analysis of the factors of production, natural capital would usually be understood as "land" and therefore something else than "capital" in its original sense. 

At the beginning of reflection about economics "land" was seen as something natural, but "capital" as man-made goods only. 

But the benefits which humans have from nature are many. 17 of them were closely looked at by Robert Costanza. These benefits are in some ways similar to those that owners of "capital" have as their capital produces more goods, e.g. a factory which produces automobiles just as an apple tree produces apples.

This is an approach to ecosystem valuation, an alternative to the traditional view of all non-human life as passive natural resources. But human knowledge and understanding of the natural environment is never complete, and therefore we cannot yet know what "natural capital" means exactly.




Parkhead

Parkhead () is a suburb in the east end of Glasgow, Scotland. It is the home of the Glasgow Celtic football club.

Oswaldtwistle

Oswaldtwistle is a town in Lancashire county near Accrington in North West England.

Many years ago, Oswaldtwistle had a running textile mill, which is a presentation today.

Prevention

Prevention could mean:

Lawn

A lawn is an area of land planted with grass, and sometimes clover and other plants. Lawns are cut to a low, even height using a lawnmower. Lawns are used for aesthetic (for their beauty) and recreational purposes. Other words used to describe them are turf, pitch, field or green may be used, depending on the sport and the continent. They are often found around buildings, making them a type of yard.

Lawns are generally composed only of grass species, subject to weed and pest control, maintained in green colour, and are regularly maintained to ensure an acceptable length. Lawns are used around, apartments, houses, commercial buildings and offices. Approximately 80% of all homes in the United States have grass lawns. This has resulted in a $40 billion per year industry, with American grass lawns using more water than is used to grow all the wheat and corn in the United States.  In that sense, by water consumption, grass is the United States’ leading “crop” by far, with the Environmental Protection Agency estimating that about 1/3 of all public water is used to water grass, with that number rising as high as 70% in some of the more dry regions of the United States.

The earliest mention of lawns comes from France during the 1500s. Lawns (as opposed to fields) found their way to England in the 1700s. One acre (0.4 hectare) of lawn would take three gardeners all day to mow using a tool called a scythe. Two centuries later, one person with a lawnmower could do it in an afternoon.

The cost of a lawn care business can vary greatly based on several factors such as the size of the business, the type of services offered, the location, and the equipment and supplies required. As a result, it’s difficult to determine a specific price without more information.


The initial costs typically include equipment, supplies, insurance, marketing, and licensing expenses. The monthly costs usually include operating expenses, such as fuel, maintenance, and payroll.

In the 16th Century Renaissance, lawns were deliberately cultivated by the wealthy in both France and England, though they were more likely planted with chamomile or thyme than with grass. Both of these ground covers make excellent alternatives to grass in modern lawns.

Closely shorn grass lawns first emerged in 17th century England at the homes of large, wealthy landowners. While sheep were still grazed on many such park-lands, landowners increasingly depended on human labor to tend the grass closest to their homes. Only the rich could afford to hire the many hands needed to scythe and weed the grass, so a lawn was a mark of wealth and status.

In many parts of the United States lawn care is an important part of home maintenance. a poorly kept up lawn can hurt the value of a home. Families do many things on their lawn. Neighborhood cookouts, birthday parties and outdoor games are just some of the uses.

World Famous Lawns include:

Sod

Sod is grass and the part of the soil beneath it held together by the roots, or a piece of this material. Some sod is grown agriculturally, and is sold to landscapers who use it to quickly get a lawn. Sod was used for building of fortifications in former times.

Turf

Turf could mean:


Marie Curie

Maria Salomea Skłodowska–Curie (Marie Curie) (7 November 1867 – 4 July 1934) was a Polish physicist and chemist. She did research on radioactivity. She was also the first woman to win a Nobel Prize. She was the first woman professor at the University of Paris. She was the first person to win two Nobel Prizes. She received a Nobel Prize in physics for her research on uncontrolled radiation, which was discovered by Henri Becquerel.
She died because of too much exposure to radiation in her laboratory. She had no protection against the effects of radiation. Its effects were not understood at that time.

Skłodowska-Curie was born on 7 November 1867 in Warsaw, Poland. She lived there until she was 22. Her original name was Maria. Maria Skłodowska-Curie was the fifth child in her family. At the age of 10, her sister Zofia died. Her mother died one year later. Her father was a math teacher. As a young girl, she was interested in physics. She was top of her high school class. She graduated at 15. Maria became a teacher so she could earn money to go to school in Paris, France. She also went to an unaccredited college in Poland. 

Eventually, she left Poland and went to France under the name “Marie" after one of her big sisters gave her the chance. In Paris, she earned higher degrees and did her important scientific work. She founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and Warsaw.

Skłodowska-Curie and her husband created a theory of "radioactivity". This was a term made by her and her husband Pierre Curie. They found different ways to separate radioactive isotopes and discovered two new elements: polonium, 400 times more radioactive than uranium, and radium, 5000 times more radioactive than polonium. The term polonium was named after Poland, her home country; radium named after the Greek word for ray. Radium gave rise to radiology. She used her own studies in radioactivity to develop a new treatment for cancer. These treatments use the radioactive isotopes. She was the first woman to win the Nobel Prize and the first person to win two Nobel Prizes.

Skłodowska-Curie discovered radium. It is one of the most radioactive and dangerous metals. She shared this discovery with Pierre Curie and Gustave Bemont. The three found radium in 1898. They discovered it when using a uranium ore. It gave off a lot of radiation. They decided that it was coming from more than uranium. The group found radium in the uranium. Radium is now used for many different things. For example, doctors used to use it to kill cancer cells. Radium was found in paint and watches. Many workers who made radium-containing products developed bone cancer.

Even though Skłodowska-Curie became a French citizen, Skłodowska-Curie never lost her Polish identity. She graduated first in her class in 1893. One year later she earned a master's degree in mathematics. Later, she met her husband, Pierre, at the Municipal School of Industrial Physics and Chemistry. They were married in July 1895 after only one year. They also started to work together on scientific discoveries. Maria and Pierre had their first daughter, Irene, in 1897. Their second daughter, Eve, was born in 1904. Pierre died on April 19, 1906, after he was hit by a horse-drawn wagon.

After the war, Maria started to raise money for a hospital. The hospital raised money for radiation research. She was invited to tour the United States to recommend and speed up her project. She sailed for the United States in 1921. She collected enough money and equipment for a new laboratory. She then started speaking at meetings to raise more money and became a celebrity. She also supported world peace by serving on the council of the League of Nations.

Near the 1920s, Skłodowska-Curie and many of her colleagues began to suffer from symptoms of cancer. Skłodowska-Curie began to lose her sight. Cataract surgeries to try to bring back her sight did not help. Skłodowska-Curie knew that the element (radium) she discovered might have been causing the symptoms, but she did not want to admit it to herself or others. In the early 1930s, Skłodowska-Curie’s health started to quickly get worse. Doctors diagnosed her with pernicious anemia. Pernicious anemia is a blood anemia that happens when someone is overly exposed to radiation. The doctors didn’t tell the public or Skłodowska-Curie herself what was going on. On July 4, 1934, at 66 years old, she died in a Sanitorium at the French Alps. She was then buried next to her husband in Sceaux, France. Maria Skłodowska-Curie was a physicist and chemist best known for her work on radioactivity; however, she also discovered the elements polonium and radium. She was awarded two Nobel Prizes — one in physics which she won jointly with her husband and Henri Becquerel, and another in chemistry — and was the first person to win two Nobel Prizes. She is still one of only four people (along with Linus Pauling, John Bardeen and Frederick Sanger) to accomplish that feat. Skłodowska-Curie is responsible for establishing the theory of radioactivity, but unfortunately she unwittingly also discovered the fatal effect radioactivity can have on your health; she died on July 4, 1934, of aplastic anemia caused by radiation exposure.


Flyover

A flyover is a ceremonial flight by a plane or group of planes. flyovers are often because of important events or celebrations, although more rarely they are because of memorials, like the 9/11 memorial planes. The planes commonly fly in the colors of the country they are in. They are most often seen in the United Kingdom and other commonwealth countries.

Blue Angels

The Blue Angels are a group of special pilots who work for the US Navy. They fly F/A-18 fighter jet airplanes that are painted to look different from regular Navy planes. They are very famous. Almost every American has heard of them. The pilots of the Blue Angels are very good at what they do. They are able to fly very close to each other and do very difficult tricks. They are most famous for the flyovers they do at many American sporting events.


Stunt performer

A stunt performer, also called a stuntman or stuntwoman, is a person who performs dangerous acts usually within the television or movie production industry. In this line of work the stuntman (or woman) is paid to do those actions that are deemed too dangerous for the regular actor to perform, these include jumping from a height, falling down, being in a car crash, or pretending to fight with weapons such as swords or knives. These stunts are usually presented as a small feature within a larger production. The stunts are done with safety equipment, but also without them.

Action movies, adventure movies, war movies, martial arts movies, thriller movies and crime movies and television series use many stunt performers to do the dangerous actions depicted in the movies or series. Some actors such as Jackie Chan are also stunt performers who perform this kind of work.

There are, however, other stunt performers that present dangerous stunts to a live audience in shows rather than as part of a larger story in movies or television series. Sometimes these are as standalone effects and sometimes as a feature within a larger stunt show. Escape artists, sword swallowers and other circus and sideshow acts are an example of this. These types of stunt performers can be found scattered throughout history with one of the most famous from the last Century being escape artist Harry Houdini.

Stunt work is dangerous regardless of whether you work in movie, television or within a live stunt show. Stuntmen are often hurt during the stunts they perform and in some cases stuntmen have even been killed.

Stunt work is not steady work. Stuntmen who work in movie are only employed on a movie-by-movie basis, sometimes they are needed for a number of months if they are lucky to double for the lead actor but could quite easily only be needed for a single stunt that is filmed over the space of a day or two.

Within the live stunt industry work is very seasonal. A stuntman can be working long hours during the summer months, often seven days a week, but not at all during the winter period.

Stuntmen who perform for movie and television often benefit from having a large safety crew present, which is in stark contrast to those who perform within live shows who often work alone and are responsible for all aspects of the stunt they perform. 

Stuntmen also have to travel to many different regions or countries to get work. For people who like to travel, this may be an advantage. However, it can also make it hard to see friends and relatives, if you are away from home.

To become a stuntman, some people go to a stuntman school. There are stuntman schools in California and Florida, where professional stuntmen teach people how to do stunts. Most people do not go to school to become stuntmen, though. People learn the skills from other more experienced stuntmen. 

When a stuntman first begins working as a stuntman, they do not make much money. Once a stuntman has experience, they can ask for more money. In many countries, stuntmen have to join a union to work on movie or television show productions, and pay dues (payments) to the union. There are more men working as stuntmen than women. 

Usually, a stuntman within movie and television does not work as a stuntman after they become 40 years old. However those who work live stunt shows continue to do so until very late in life. Kondini continues to work as a sword swallower and escape artist despite being in his 70s. Some experienced stuntmen become stunt coordinators or consultants, who plan and devise the stunts performed in TV shows and movies.

Another job for men or women in the television or movie production industry where people replace the actors is the job of body double. When a movie has a scene with a love scene or a nudity scene that the actor does not want to do, the movie or television director may hire a man or a woman to be a body double. The man or woman pretends to be the actor for a short period, so that the love scene or nudity scene can be filmed.


Means of production

Means of production (abbreviated MoP; German: "Produktionsmittel"), also called means of labour are the materials, tools and other instruments used by workers to make products. This includes: machines, tools materials, plant and equipment, land, raw materials, money, energy, and anything else labor needs to make things.

The means of production can be owned by different people in different ways in different societies. Capitalism is when the means of production are owned privately. A capitalist society has a market, where things can be sold and bought. Capitalism also has wage labor. Other societies can be socialist, meaning the means of production are owned in common, either by the workers themselves or by the state. A socialist society may also have a market, depending on the variation of socialism.


Ecosystem services

Ecosystem services are processes by which the natural environment produces resources useful to people, as to economic services. They include:


To look at the way in which ecosystems provide goods is popular now at Stanford University. The concept of ecosystem services is similar to that of natural capital.

The "Millennium Ecosystem Assessment" released in 2005 showed that 60% of ecosystem services are used in a way that destroys them.


Year 2000 problem

The Year 2000 problem (also known as the Y2K problem, the millennium bug, Y2K Bug, and Y2K) was a computer problem that affected lots of computer systems. It happened because of the way in which some early computer programs were made to handle only years containing two digits (for example '92 instead of 1992). This meant that the computer could confuse the year 2000 with the year 1900, because both would be written as 00. People started fearing that date-related processing would happen incorrectly for dates and times after December 31 1999. It caused concerns that many industries (such as electricity or financial) and government functions would stop working at exactly midnight, January 1 2000. People were panicked by press coverage and media speculation, as well as corporate and government reports. Companies and organisations around the world had to check and upgrade their computer systems to avoid the bug. The preparation for Y2K had a significant effect on the computer industry. No big computer failures occurred when the year changed to 2000.


Biodiversity

The term biological diversity was used first by wildlife scientist and conservationist Raymond F. Dasmann in 1968, where he advocated conservation. It was widely adopted only in the 1980s.

The term biodiversity first appeared in a publication in 1988 when entomologist E. O. Wilson used it as a title. Since then, the term has often been used by biologists, environmentalists, political leaders, and citizens. A similar term in the United States is "natural heritage." It predates the others and is more accepted by the wider audience interested in conservation. Broader than biodiversity, it includes geology and landforms.

Biologists most often define biodiversity as the "totality of genes, species, and ecosystems of a region". An advantage of this definition is that it seems to describe most circumstances. There are three levels at which biological variety can been identified:


The idea can be used for tackling practical problems in conservation, for example:



Aberdeen, Washington

Aberdeen is a city in the American state of Washington. Aberdeen was founded by Samuel Benn in 1884. In 2000, 16,461 people lived in Aberdeen. Aberdeen is sometimes called the "Gateway to the Olympic Peninsula". It is also called the "Birthplace of Grunge" because musician Kurt Cobain is from Aberdeen. Other notable musicians from Aberdeen include The Melvins. Aberdeen is also the hometown of professional wrestler Bryan Danielson, better known as Daniel Bryan.

Julián Padrón

Julián Padrón (September 8, 1910 - August 2, 1954) was a Venezuelan writer. He wrote for books, newspapers and magazines.

Julián Padrón was born on September 8, 1910. He was from San Antonio, a small town from Monagas, Venezuela. When he was a little boy, he went to private schools in Cumaná. After Padrón went to a secondary school called Andrés Bello in Caracas. In 1929 Julián Padrón got a degree of secondary education in Philosophy.

In 1935 Padrón got 2 degrees: 

Padrón got the first degree at the Supreme Court, a place where judges work. The Supreme Court is in the Federal District. He got the second degree at the Central University of Venezuela, a place of learning. In 1944 Padrón got, at that university, a degree to be a Diplomat and a Consul (a Diplomat and a Consul are persons who are the representatives of a country in other countries). 

In 1929 Julián Padrón wrote for the magazine "Elite". In 1935 Julián Padrón, Arturo Uslar Pietri, Pedro Sotillo and Bruno Plá made the magazine El Ingenioso Hidalgo for a short time. In 1936 Padrón made and wrote for the newspaper Unidad Nacional. From 1945 to 1947 he wrote for the newspaper El Universal. He wrote for other newspapers and magazines.

Julián Padrón had these jobs: 


Julián Padrón died in Caracas on August 2, 1954.

Julián Padrón did this group of writings:


In 1940 Padrón and Arturo Uslar Pietri did Antología del Cuento Moderno Venezolano. It was a book that was an anthology (a group of writings) by people from Venezuela. In 1945 Padrón did other book in the anthology Cuentistas Modernos. 

This book has a short biography (story) about Julián Padrón:

Peter Ham

Peter William Ham (27 April 1947 – 24 April 1975) was a Welsh singer, songwriter and guitarist, best known as the prominent songwriter and singer of the 1970s group Badfinger.

Ham was born in Swansea, South Wales. He formed a local rock group called The Panthers in 1961. This group became The Iveys in 1965. The band was relocated to London by The Mojos manager, Bill Collins, in 1966, and they continued to perform for three years throughout the United Kingdom. Ham especially took to songwriting and Ray Davies of The Kinks took initial interest in producing his group. In 1968, The Iveys came to the attention of Mal Evans (The Beatles personal assistant) and were eventually signed to the Beatles' Apple label after approval from all four Beatles, who were most impressed by dozens of demos recorded at home, mostly by Pete.

The Iveys changed their name to Badfinger with the single release of "Come And Get It," a song written by Paul McCartney, which became a worldwide Top Ten hit. Ham's hard work paid off eventually as his song "No Matter What" became another worldwide Top Ten hit record in late 1970 . He followed up writing two more huge hits released in 1972, "Day After Day" and "Baby Blue" But the peak came with his co-written song "Without You" - a worldwide No. 1 hit as covered by Harry Nilsson in 1972. The song has since become one of the all-time ballad standards as covered by hundreds of singers including Mariah Carey and Clay Aiken. Ham was also used as a musician on Beatles solo records such as the "All Things Must Pass" LP by George Harrison and the single "It Don't Come Easy" by Ringo Starr.


Egalitarianism

Egalitarianism is the belief that people should be equal to one another. The word is named for the French word égal, meaning "equal" or "level".

There are many possible kinds of egalitarianism. For example, legal egalitarianism is the belief that groups of people should be equal in law even if they are of different race or religion. Gender egalitarianism is the idea that men and women are equally important, even though they are different.

This word may be used when talking about philosophy in many slightly different ways. We can best understand the different kinds of egalitarianism by asking, "Who is equal to whom?" and "How are they equal?"


English Wikipedia

The English Wikipedia is the English language edition of the Wikipedia online encyclopedia. English is the first language in which Wikipedia was written. It was started on 15 January 2001. It is the largest encyclopedia in the world, and the largest version of Wikipedia since April 2019. It has articles as of . In October 2015, the total volume of the compressed texts of the English Wikipedia's articles added up to 23.2 gigabytes.

The Simple English Wikipedia is a variation in which most of the articles use only basic English vocabulary (simplewiki). There is also the Old English (Ænglisc/Anglo-Saxon) Wikipedia (). It has a newsletter called The Signpost.

Wikipedias in other languages have imitated some of its technical and organizational features.

As the English Wikipedia is very popular, there can be many people editing the Wiki in one minute. This made less effective for understanding changes. Instead, editors can select and watch for changes in particular articles, using the "watchlist" feature of MediaWiki. Both watchlist and recent changes can be filtered to show particular kinds of edits, such as edits from IP addresses or edits that may possibly be vandalism. Some editors use special software to detect and fix vandalism. 

Some people think that the English Language Wikipedia shows bias and unfairness. Editors of reference works such as the "Encyclopædia Britannica" have questioned Wikipedia's utility and status as an encyclopedia. An example of bias is that around 90% of Wikipedia editors are male. Other people think that Wikipedia is more useful than other encyclopedias because it is large and can be updated quickly.
In 2010, the logo of the English Wikipedia like most Wikipedias was slightly changed. However, some Wikipedias, like the Simple English Wikipedia, still kept the old logo.



Jurisdiction

In law, jurisdiction is the authority given to a judge to take decisions in matters concerning the law. The word comes from the Latin "jus, juris" meaning "law" and "dicere" meaning "to speak": and literally means: telling the law. Jurisdiction may be legally restricted to a certain period of time called a statute of limitations.

It also includes the authority a of formally constituted legal body or a political leader to deal with legal matters and, by implication, to administer justice within a defined area of responsibility. Jurisdiction relies on public International Law, conflict of laws, constitutional law and the powers of the executive and legislative branches of government to give resources to best serve the needs of its society.


Vacheron Constantin

Vacheron Constantin is a Swiss watch manufacture. It is a part of the Richemont group since 1996. The brand's watch factory is based in Geneva. Vacheron Constantin opened 15 boutiques and 500 shops in 80 countries of the world. Vacheron Constantin is one of the oldest watchmakers. 

Jean-Marc Vacheron opened the first workshop in Geneva, Switzerland in 1755. In 1770 the company introduced the first complication (an additional function of a watch besides showing hours and minutes). 

The son of Jean-Marc Vacheron, Abraham, became the head of the family business in 1785.

In 1810, Jacques-Barthélemy, the grandson of the founder continued the business. He controlled the company's exports of watches to France and Italy. 

In 1819 Francois Constantinin became the partner of Vacheron. The name of the company became – "Vacheron & Constantin". Francois Constantin traveled a lot and opened new markets for the company. The main market was North America. Francois wrote the company's motto - Do better if possible and that is always possible. It is kept till the present day.

In 1839 Georges-Auguste Leschot joined "Vacheron & Constantin". He headed the manufacturing process. Leschot's inventions brought great success to the company and watchmaking in general. Leschot invented a device that made possible mechanical production of some watch parts. It helped the company leave behind other watchmakers.

After Francois Constantin and Jacques-Barthélemy Vacheron died, the company was headed by their heirs. Since 1862 Vacheron Constantin explores the field of non-magnetic materials. In 1885, it produced the first anti-magnetic watch. The watch could resist magnetic fields. 

In 1877 the company officially changed the name for "Vacheron & Constantin, Fabricants, Geneve". The same year the company chose its symbol - the Maltese cross.In 1887, Vacheron Constantin became a stock company. 
The first Vacheron Constantin boutique was opened in Geneva in 1906. Today the store is situated on Quai de l’Ile. Charles Constantin headed the company in 1936. He led it through the Great Depression period. For the first time since 1850s a Constantin family member became the president of the company. When the World War II was over, the company got back its firm position on the watch market.

The history of Vacheron Constantin saw a lot of innovations. The brand's classic Patrimony line was started with the thinnest watch. Its case was only 5.25mm thick. In 1979 Vacheron Constantin created the most expensive wristwatch with initial price of $5 million. The watch named Kallista had 118 diamonds. Today its price is $11 million. 
At present day Vacheron Constantin produces about 20,000 watches every year. In 2003 Vacheron Constantin presented a new sports watch line - Overseas. In 2005 the company introduced a new Egérie collection. The collection included women's watches for the first time.

In 2005, Juan Carlos Torres became the Chief of the Vacheron Constantin Company. The same year Vacheron Constantin produced the most complicated wristwatch - Tour de I'lle. The watch consisted of 834 parts and had 16 complications (additional functions). Its price reached over $1 million. In 2006 the company opened a new main office in Genevan Plan-les-Ouates.


Thermoplastic

A thermoplastic is a material, usually a plastic polymer, which becomes more soft when heated and hard when cooled. Thermoplastic materials can be cooled and heated several times without any change in their chemical or mechanical properties. When thermoplastics are heated to their melting point, they melt to a liquid. They freeze to a glassy state when cooled below their glass transition temperature. 

Thermoplastic materials have many features. Some products made from thermoplastic materials are used for electronic applications. They protect against electrostatic discharge and radio frequency interference. Thermoplastics are one of the main two types of plastics. 

Thermoplastic can be moulded into any shape. Thermoplastics differ from thermosetting polymers. Thermosets form irreversible chemical bonds during the curing process, and won't melt. 

PET (polyethylene terephthalate) :- Light, rigid or semi-rigid, naturally transparent or colorless, PET is an excellent moisture and gas barrier and is resistant to impacts. It is one of the most easily recyclable plastics and is used to produce bottles, bags and synthetic fibers for clothing.

HDPE (high-density polyethylene) :- HDPE is translucent, strong and easy to process, resistant to impacts and non-toxic. It is used to make bottles, tanks, bins and containers for transport. 

LDPE (low-density polyethylene) :- LDPE can be translucent or transparent. Suitable for contact with food, it is the lightest and most heat-sensitive plastic. It is used for packaging, bags, sacks, cable coatings, containers, pipes and toys. 

PVC (polyvinyl chloride) :- PVC is a very versatile plastic, resistant to wear and tear, chemical and atmospheric agents and fire. It is used in the paper industry and for packaging, food containers, credit cards, furnishings, clothing and toys.

PP (polypropylene) :- Transparent, light and strong, this material can be used as both a plastic and a fiber. Easily colored, it does not absorb water. It is used to make textile fibers, couplings, containers for transport, furniture, carpets, ropes and food containers.

PS (polystyrene or styrofoam) :- One of the most important thermoplastic materials, it is transparent, hard and inflammable, very bright and inert against many corrosive agents. It can be given shiny or opaque colors. Polystyrene is commonly used to replace glass, aluminum and wood because it is cheaper. It can also be used in packaging materials (including for foods), containers, boxes, lamps, disposable objects, cups and toys.


Pete Doherty

Peter Doherty (born 12 March 1979) is an English musician. He was born in Hexham, Northumberland. He is in the popular rock band The Libertines. He is also in a band called Babyshambles.

He receives a lot of media coverage for his drug and legal problems and the relationship he had with fashion supermodel Kate Moss. Doherty has been convicted of many crimes. Some of the crimes are drug offences, car theft, and driving with a suspended licence. He has served prison sentences for drug possession and burglary.

Polycarbonate

Polycarbonate is a transparent (something which can be seen through) thermoplastic. This material is tough and stable. It can resist a high temperature of 138°C (280°F) and a low temperature of -40°C (-40°F). It is stain resistant and non-toxic. The weight of polycarbonate is one sixth of glass. 

Industries use polycarbonate for making different products, from bulletproof windows to CDs and DVDs. The main advantages of polycarbonate are high strength and light weight.

Industries use clear polycarbonate to make glasses. This is because it has very good transparency and durability. Lenses made from clear polycarbonate can be thinner than lenses made from regular glass.

Companies that make electronic equipment use polycarbonate to make the cover of mobile phones, laptops and other products. Although polycarbonate is not poisonous, the process of making polycarbonate uses toxic chemicals. (See Bisphenol A).


Natural disaster

A natural disaster is a major event caused by the natural processes of the Earth. Examples are floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, tsunamis and other geologic processes. A natural disaster causes loss of life or property damage, and leaves some economic damage afterwards costing millions. 

Human activities may be the cause causes of natural disasters, such as climate change and deforestation.

The damage disasters do to humans and their property counts most. One moght say: "disasters occur when hazards meet vulnerability". 

If a strong earthquake happens in uninhabited areas, it is usually not seen as a disaster. An adverse event will not rise to the level of a disaster if it occurs in an area without vulnerable population. In a vulnerable area, such as Nepal during the 2015 earthquake, an earthquake can have disastrous consequences and leave lasting damage, which can take years to repair.

A volcanic eruption occurs when hot materials from the Earth's interior are thrown out of a volcano. Lava, rocks, dust, and gas compounds are some and volcanic ash and kill many people. Some are quiet outflows of hot lava. Several more complex types of volcanic eruptions have been described by volcanologists. These are often named after famous volcanoes where that type of eruption has been seen. Some volcanoes may show only one type of eruption during a period of activity, while others may show a range of types in a series.


Ibanez

Ibanez is a company that makes guitars. The company is from Nagoya, Aichi, Japan. The company was started by Hoshino Gakki. The company is very big and sells many guitars to musicians.


Landslide

A landslide includes a wide range of ground movements, such as rock falls, deep failure of slopes and shallow debris flows.

The biggest reason for a landslide is that there is a slope and material goes down the slope because of gravity.

But other things also contribute to landslides: 

An underlying reason is the nature of the material. For example, a thixotropic material such as mud or sand and water, can change from a gel to a sol by adding water or pressure, or shaking. It goes from being stable one minute to fluid the next minute. The greatest disasters, like lahars or mudslides, happen suddenly. It is possible for much of a volcano to just slide down suddenly, as with Toba, Krakatoa and Mount St Helens.


2040s

The 2040s will begin on January 1, 2040 and end on December 31, 2049. It is distinct from the decade known as the 205th decade which will begin on January 1, 2041 and end on December 31, 2050.

This decade will be called "the twenty-forties". The Roman number will be MMXL.

The first baby boomers will be 100 years old in 2046.

Americium

Americium is a radioactive chemical element with the symbol Am and the atomic number 95. In chemistry, it is placed in a group of metal elements named the actinides. Americium is a transuranic element (Transuranic means after uranium as all the elements used after uranium are man-made). Americium does not exist in nature and has to be made by people. It has a silver color. Americium is made by bombarding a plutonium target with neutrons.

It was the fourth transuranic element to be discovered. It was named for America, like Francium was named for France.

The longest half life of any type of americium is 7370 years.

Americium is used in most smoke detectors. The level of radioactivity is not enough to cause cancer, so it is safe to live in a place where smoke detectors with americium are used.

Daddy Yankee

Ramón "Raymond" Ayala, known as Daddy Yankee (born February 3, 1977) in San Juan, Puerto Rico is a Puerto Rican reggaeton singer. Ayala is famous for making songs in both English and Spanish, but Spanish is used more than English.

During his childhood, Ramón grew up with the influence of his family musician, including those of his father and some members of his mother's family. At twelve, he began singing songs inspired by reggae and hip-hop.

Ramón wanted to become a professional baseball player, he will have to give up this goal after being shot in a neighborhood brawl when he was seventeen. He received two balls of AK-47, one touched his arm and the other touched him on the level of the right thigh, where he was wounded for life. After this incident, he will take a closer look at the underground rap movement, which was nascent at the time.

He began his career flirting with hip-hop and with Latin rhythms like dancehall, but we can say that his greatest hits will come when he begins to perform and produce his Latin hip-hop songs. He will be one of the first artists to perform internationally in reggaeton music.

Ramón invested in the world of reggaeton for thirteen years before experiencing success. He first recorded with DJ Playero, of which he is the featured artist in a production called Playero 37, which will be released in 1992. He has also partnered with artists such as Laurena Snoop Dogg, Nicky Jam, Pitbull, Mey Vidal , DJ Blass, Eric DJ, Eliel, Nas, Tony Touch or members of the G-Unit, Lloyd Banks and Young Buck.

His album Barrio Fino is an essential music to the style: it comes from the deepest of his roots of his life but also his personal experience, in the neighborhoods or residential areas of Puerto Rico. The first excerpts from this album are titled Gasolina, King Daddy and No me dejes solo featuring Wisin y Yandel.

His song, Impacto, released on of 2007, appears in the San Juan Sounds radio station's playlist of Rockstar Games' Grand Theft Auto IV and games.

In the Grand Theft Auto IV video game, Daddy Yankee lends his voice to the San Juan Sounds station where he acts as a DJ of the reggaeton radio station; the song "Impacto" also appears. This is an open-world action-adventure video game developed by Rockstar North.

Daddy Yankee's latest off-music project was the release of his Trilogy game, a 3D video game based on Tower Defense games. The game was successfully presented at the New York Comic Con and the 3D action video game impressed young and old alike. It was released on November 29, 2013 and also includes Ayala songs such as "Gasolina" and "Limbo".

In 2017, Daddy Yankee forms an amazing duet with Despacito in collaboration with Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi, who is a hit in the world.

As an actor he also plays in American movies and series of commemoration Love, Glory and Beauty.

On April 28, 2016, Daddy Yankee received the Industry Leader Award at the 2016 Latin Billboard Awards.

After a long feud with Don Omar for ten years for the title "King of Reggaeton", Daddy Yankee and Don Omar announced in early 2016 at a press conference that they would perform together on stage in a series of concerts entitled The Kingdom World Tour. The announcement of the tour left many fans in disbelief because it sold in minutes in major cities like Las Vegas, Orlando, Los Angeles, New York. The concerts were structured like a boxing match, where the two artists were able to exchange musical tours, and fans voted for their winner in each city via an application designed for the event. "Two kings, one throne," said Pina Records founder Rafael Pina, who had a well-established relationship with both artists and who also came up with the concept of the tour. Speaking of the tour and his rivalry with Daddy Yankee, Don Omar said, "Let me clarify: I'm not his best friend, and he's not my best friend, but we respect each other. 'to be the best is what drove us to be better'.

In 2017, Daddy Yankee, in collaboration with Latin pop singer Luis Fonsi, released the single "Despacito". It became the first Spanish-language song to reach number 1 of the Billboard Hot 100 since the song "Macarena" in 1996. The single has been a worldwide success. The official video of "Despacito" on YouTube was seen the billion times on April 20, 2017 after 97 days, becoming the second fastest video of the site to reach the milestone behind "Hello" Adele. His success led Daddy Yankee to become the most-watched artist in the world on the Spotify streaming service in June 2017, being the first Latin artist to do so.

In 2017, Daddy Yankee donated $100,000 to the Puerto Rico Food Bank following the damage caused by Hurricane Maria. The money provided food for about 9,000 families on the island.

Since October 2017. Barrio Fino and Barrio Fino on Directo have been the seventh and thirteenth best-selling Latin albums in the United States. During his career, 63 songs by Daddy Yankees found themselves in the Hot Latin Songs chart, including 24 in the top 10 and 5 in the first place. Daddy Yankee is the ninth musician with the most singles on Hot Latin Songs. Billboard hot 100 list contains 10 songs of musicians.

In August 2018, Daddy Yankee participates in the Janet Jackson video, Made for Now. That same year, Daddy Yankee received an Icon Award at the Latin American Music Awards, and in October 2018, he received the YouTube Creators' Trophy for having more than ten million subscribers on his YouTube channel.

The song Despacito by Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee, has been inducted into the Guinness World Records 2019 edition for achieving seven milestones, while Daddy Yankee has been recognized for three other records.

In February 2021, Daddy Yankee released the single "#Problema".

In April 2021, Daddy Yankee released the single "El Pony".

In September 2021, Daddy Yankee released the single "Métele All Perreo".

In February 2019, Daddy Yankee won a Lo Nuestro 2019 award for all of his works (Lifetime Achievement Award).

On April 17, 2019, the singer announces that a remix of his hit Con Calma will be released soon featuring with American singer Katy Perry. It is by posting a video on his account Instagram, listening to the remix, that he confirms the rumors. The two artists then followed each other on the social networks and began to make interactions announcing their collaboration.

On July 8, 2019, Daddy Yankee presents the HR Derby Champ Medallion Presentation to Pete Alonso after the MLB HR Derby victory.

In November 2019, Daddy Yankee inaugurated a reggaeton museum in Puerto Rico, the first of its kind.


Songs

1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023

Cancelled songs

2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023


Phoenix Suns

The Phoenix Suns are an American professional basketball team that plays in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They play in the Pacific Division of the Western Conference. The Suns play at Footprint Center, originally known as America West Arena and later as US Airways Center, Talking Stick Resort Arena, briefly as PHX Arena, and Phoenix Suns Arena.


Debris

Debris in a general sense means man-made garbage. Debris is the scattered remains of something that is discarded or destroyed. There are many types of debris, depending on the context. When natural disasters happen, debris is the remains of destroyed buildings and land. In the context of geology, debris is the remains of geological activity such as landslides, volcanic eruptions, avalanches, and so on.

The average American produces garbage, also called trash, at the rate of four pounds per day per person, which translates to 600,000 tons per day, or about 220 million tons per year. This is almost twice the rate of trash generation per person as most other major countries. Trash levels can be reduced primarily by recycling, re-use, and reduced consumption.

Miller, 1989, Potential Hazards from Future Volcanic Eruptions in California: USGS Bulletin 1847

Trash

Trash could mean:




TRASH refers to:

Waste heat

Waste heat is the by-product heat of machines and technical processes for which no useful application is found. 

A fraction of input energy is always converted to heat by friction between machine parts and other processes such as liquid friction (see: viscosity). 

Mechanical drives can be designed to run smoothly, with little loss of energy to heat. Machines for conversion of energy contained in fuels to mechanical work or electric energy produce large amounts of waste heat (see: Second law of thermodynamics). 

This waste heat can be re-used if a cogeneration system is used. It is hard to use waste heat because it is difficult to transport the heat to another place, and it is difficult to store the heat for use at another time.
In electrification of waste heat, organic matter can be used as a working medium to produce electricity on much lower temperatures compared to the water steam cycle. 

Kingda Ka

Kingda Ka is a steel roller coaster at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey, USA. It was built by Stakotra, a subcontractor to Intamin. Built in 2005 to be the worlds tallest and fastest roller coaster Kingda Ka is one of only two strata coasters in the world. Kingda Ka held the record for the worlds fastest roller coaster until the completion of Formula Rossa at Ferrari World in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. Kingda Ka goes up and can go . It first opened on May 21, 2005. To get up 456 feet, the train is launched by a machine to 128 miles per hour in 3 seconds. The train goes up the tower, and back down. At the bottom the train goes over a hill while it is slowing down. Soon it is going slow enough to be able to arrive safely back where it started. The ride lasts 28 seconds from the time it is launched.

In the past, Kingda Ka has been struck by lightning and shut down for almost a whole year. The launch cable snapped once and the ride was shut down for a while. Something happened to the braking fins so they shut down the ride. It also can get shut down by weather. The train is made so that if it rolls back it gets placed back to be launched. This happens when the hydraulic launch system does not get enough power to get over the hill or the brakes on the top off the hill stop you too much.

Kingda Ka is named for a 500-pound mythical tiger. A tiger in the safari was named after the roller coaster. It is surrounded by bamboo to make it look more real. It also plays music.

The ride has 4 trains with 5 cars. They are 9 rows in each car that can hold 18 people and there are 2 people in each row. Each seat has shoulder harnesses and buckles that keep the shoulder harness down to make sure passengers are safe. At the top, passengers are weightless for a second, and after riders enjoy a beautiful view, it is followed by a drop.

Passengers must be 4´7 to ride Kingda Ka.

The train may sometimes experience a rollback after it is launched. A rollback happens when the train doesn't make it to the top of the hill and rolls back down the track. The launch track has magnetic brakes so that the train doesn't go back to the station.


Vulnerability

Vulnerability means the extent to which changes can hurt or harm a person or a system.

In context with natural hazards and natural disasters, "vulnerability" is a concept that looks at the relationship that people have with their environment and at social aspects.

So it links environment to social forces and institutions and the cultural values that sustain and contest them. “The concept of vulnerability expresses the multidimensionality of disasters by focusing attention on the totality of relationships in a given social situation which constitute a condition that, in combination with environmental forces, produces a disaster” (Bankoff et al. 2004: 11).

Complex definition: Vulnerability is the susceptibility to physical or emotional injury or attack. It also means to have one's guard down, open to censure or criticism; assailable. Vulnerability refers to a person's state of being liable to succumb, as to persuasion or temptation (see Thywissen 2006 for a comparison of vulnerability definitions).



Harm

Harm is physical or psychological or emotional damage or injury to a person, animal or other legal entity. 

It is generally believed that humans, in addition to other sentient animal species, possess an aversion to causing harm to others.

Many religions consider any harm to another person a sin.

Liquid crystal display

A liquid crystal display is a special thin flat panel that can let light go through it, or can block the light. (Unlike an LED it does not produce its own light). The panel is made up of several blocks, and each block can be in any shape. Each block is filled with liquid crystals that can be made clear or solid, by changing the electric current to that block. Liquid crystal displays are often abbreviated LCDs. 

Liquid crystal displays are often used in battery-powered devices, such as digital watches, because they use very little electricity. They are also used for flat screen TV's. Many LCDs work well by themselves when there is other light around (like in a lit room, or outside in daylight). For smartphones, computer monitor, TV's and some other purposes, a back-light is built into the product. This is an LED or Cold Cathode Fluorescent Light (CCFL).

The LCD uses technology called electro-optical modulation. This means it uses electricity to change how much light passes through it.

Each pixel (block) of an LCD is made of a thin layer of molecules between two electrodes and two polarizing filters. The electrodes provide electric power to the liquid crystal layer, and don't block the light. Light travels with 'polarity' or direction, and a polarizing filter only lets light with one kind of polarity to go through it, like trying to slide a ruler through a narrow opening. Only when the ruler is lined up right, will it fit. These two filters are perpendicular to one another, so the narrow openings are in different directions. This means that without the liquid crystals between them, they would block all light from passing through – whatever light gets through the first filter will not fit through the second filter.
The layer of liquid crystals between the two filters can 'twist' the light so that the polarity changes. This means the light can then pass through both filters, and the pixel appears clear. When giving an electric current to the liquid crystals, the molecules will untwist and will not change the light. The filters then block the light and the pixel appears dark. 

The chemical formula of the liquid crystals used in LCDs may vary. Formulas may be patented. An example is a mixture of 2-(4-alkoxyphenyl)-5-alkylpyrimidine with cyanobiphenyl, patented by Merck and Sharp Corporation. The patent that covered that specific mixture expired.

When a large number of pixels are needed in a display, it becomes difficult to have enough wires and electrodes to control each pixel and still have a clean display. Instead, the display is "multiplexed". In a multiplexed display, electrodes on one side of the display are grouped and wired together (usually in columns). On the other side, the electrodes are also grouped (typically in rows), with each group getting a voltage sink. By turning on one row and one column, each pixel can be controlled one at a time.


Body language

The forms of behaviour used in body language include body posture, gestures, facial expressions, and eye movements.

Body language may provide clues as to the attitude or state of mind of a person. For example, it may indicate aggression, attentiveness, boredom, a relaxed state, pleasure, amusement, and intoxication.
Body language is the science of nonverbal signals such as gestures, facial expressions, and eye gaze that communicate a person’s emotions and intentions. 


Body language is not spoken, so you have to be careful how you interpret it. A certain movement or facial expression may be quite meaningful, or it may mean nothing at all. As a starting point, the following sections give with some common body language terms and their generally-accepted meanings.
Positive body language is generally quite reliable as an indicator of a person's feelings. It signals interest in the other person and in the conversation.

Relaxed posture - Comfortably seated, relaxed breathing, no visible stiffness or abrupt movements. These indicate no major barriers to communication.

Arms relaxed - Uncrossed arms and hands open (palms up or otherwise visible to the other person) are signs of openness.

Good eye contact - Looking in the other person's eyes, particularly when they are speaking, indicates interest in that person. Proper eye contact involves looking away occasionally to avoid staring.
Nodding agreement - When nods are used to punctuate key things the other person has said, they signal agreement, interest and understanding. However, continual unconscious bobbing of the head usually indicates that the listener is tuning out.
Taking notes - Shows interest and involvement, particularly if notes are on what the other person is saying. 
Smiling/adding humour - This is a very positive sign. It signals a warm personal relationship. 
Leaning closer - Reducing the distance between two people, particularly when the other person is speaking. Indicates interest is up and barriers are down. 
Gesturing warmly - Talking with hands, particularly with palms open, indicates involvement in the conversation and openness to the other person.
For all of these positive gestures, moderation is the rule. When they are exaggerated, they can become more negative than positive.

Body tense - Stiffness, wrinkled brow, jerky body motion, hands clasped in front or palms down on the table. These can indicate concern with the topic or dealing with the other person. Arms folded in front - Creates a barrier; can express resistance to what is being said. 
Hand on face - A hand over one's mouth is a closed gesture. Leaning on one's elbow with the chin in the hand can communicate boredom. 
Fidgeting - Moving around a lot, playing with things and drumming fingers are usually a sign of boredom, nervousness or impatience.

Arms behind head, leaning back - In a well-established relationship this can be a relaxed gesture. In a new relationship, it is often used to express a desire for control or power.

Yawning - Boredom, confusion. The other person is talking too much or in too much technical detail.

Impatience - Trying to interrupt what the other person is saying, opening one's mouth frequently as if to speak.

Distraction - Eyes flicking about, blank stares, flipping through literature without really reading it, looking at others in the office, looking at the person's body or clothing.

Leaning away - Avoiding moving closer, even when something is handed to the person, is strongly negative. 
Negative facial expressions - These include shaking head, eyes narrowed, scowling, frowning

Personality - It comes under behaviour when a person shows his body language and the person in front gets understood what type of person is 

Plagiarism

Plagiarism is the act of copying another person's ideas, words or writing and pretending that they are one's own work. It can involve violating copyright laws. College students who are caught plagiarizing can be expelled from school. It can permanently damage a student's reputation. Writers who plagiarize commit serious legal and ethical violations.


Many cases of plagiarism, especially in schools, can lead to internal punishment. Certain people have been punished in a legal court for plagiarism, mostly due to copyright claims. Court cases include:

Any work created in the US after 1st. Mar 1989 is automatically protected by copyright, even if there is no copyright notice attached to the work. The defendant could sue for any copying of this kind of intellectual property.

It is usually not enough to know what plagiarism is, students must also know how to avoid plagiarism. Writers are as responsible for intentional plagiarism as they are for accidental plagiarism. It is important to cite sources while doing research. Putting this off until later can cause some sources to be forgotten or incorrectly cited.

When using a source, make sure the content is in the same context as the paper. Try to avoid using biased sources. Always take the time to find the correct information about a source. For example, some web pages may be part of a larger website. While a web page article may seem fair and balanced, it can be affected by the overall bias or reputation of the publisher. Using something out of context can also lead to charges of plagiarism. Taking the time to properly cite all sources in a paper or work is paying respect to the original ideas of others. This is all part of doing good work.



Rickshaw

A riksha or rickshaw is a kind of vehicle that has two wheels. They are usually pulled by a human but there are types that have been changed to be pulled by a bicycle or have their own motor, Rickshaws are popular vehicles in Bangal Pradesh (Bangladesh) and Japan. 


Saturation

Saturation or saturated generally means "thoroughly full", while unsaturated means less than full. These terms may be related to:


Water content

Water content means the amount of water present in a porous substance, such as soil. This term is used in hydrogeology, soil science and soil mechanics. In saturated groundwater aquifers, all available spaces are filled with water. Above a capillary fringe, pore spaces have air in them too.

Gaps between soil particles are called "pore spaces" or "voids". These voids contain various amounts of either water or air. Soil moisture content can be expressed in different basis:

The amount of void space within a soil depends on the distribution of particle sizes, and is quantified by soil porosity.

Soil moisture is the water stored in soil from after rain or melted snow soak into the ground. This water can be used by plants in a process called evapotranspiration or it can continue to move deeper into the ground to become part of the groundwater in a process called groundwater recharge.


Milo Ventimiglia

Milo Anthony Ventimiglia (born July 8, 1977) is an American actor. He is best known for playing the hero, Peter Petrelli, on the television series, "Heroes". He played Jess Mariano on the television series Gilmore Girls. He was born in Anaheim, California.

Black metal

Black metal is an extreme style of Heavy metal that started in the early 1980s. Lyrics are often for religions such as Satanism. Various black metal bands have relations to satanism in their lyrics and even in outlook. Lyrics may also have subjects such as Paganism. The majority of black metal vocalists are male, although there are a few notable exceptions – for example Cadaveria, Astarte and Lucifugum.

Black metal is divided into two waves. The first wave began in the early 1980s by bands such as Venom, Bathory, Hellhammer, Celtic Frost and Mercyful Fate. Venom's first albums, Welcome to Hell and Black Metal are usually said to be the first black metal records. The second wave is the most popular wave of black metal and it started in the early 1990s. It started from Norway and includes bands such as Darkthrone, Enslaved, Burzum, Satyricon, Mayhem, Gorgoroth, Immortal, and Emperor.

Black metal is also very controversial, especially in Norway. During the early 1990s, certain black metal musicians burned old churches in Norway. One of the people who was found guilty for burning churches, Varg Vikernes, was also found guilty for murdering Øystein Aarseth, a fellow black metal musician.


Darkness

Darkness is when there is absence of light. In practice, out in the open air, there is always almost some light, however slight. The darkness of the night sky is estimated by a nine-point scale known as the Bortle scale.

Darkness is made by blocking light from the sun or some other source of light, which makes shadow. At night the Earth blocks the sun, and casts a shadow over one entire side of the world. There is heat radiation even in the dark. 

In mythology, darkness is often connected with evil. Many people are uncomfortable or afraid when in the dark, especially children.

In religion, darkness is considered as beginning of the world, before the light appeared. At the same time, the darkness was "the second to last plague" (Exodus 10:21). 

Many artists used and still use darkness to fill the void spaces on the canvas. Also it used for chiaroscuro. To create darkness, all colored paints are mixed. Every color absorbs light frequencies. 

Des O'Connor

Desmond "Des" Bernard O'Connor (12 January 1932 - Present – was an English television presenter and singer. He was born in Stepney, London. O'Connor presented the long running game show Countdown on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom, from January 2007 to December 2008.

O'Connor died on 14 November 2020 from problems caused by a fall, aged 88.

Tony Romo

Antonio "Tony" Ramiro Romo (born April 22, 1980 in San Diego, California) is an American football quarterback who plays for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League. He played college football at Eastern Illinois. He is viewed by many as the top quarterback in the NFL.

Romo was signed by the Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 2003. He has had success with Dallas, and is well known by the media. He has the 3rd highest passer rating in NFL history.

Carmelo Anthony

Carmelo Kyam Anthony (born May 29, 1984 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American professional basketball small forward. He is currently a free agent. Anthony also played for the Denver Nuggets and the New York Knicks from 2003-2011 to 2017 and the Houston Rockets from 2018 to 2019.


Dallas Mavericks

The Dallas Mavericks are an American professional basketball team from Dallas, Texas. They play in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They were founded in 1980. They play their home games at the American Airlines Center. Their owner is Mark Cuban. Though they have had good teams for most of the 2000s, they only made the NBA Finals once in 2006, where they lost to the Miami Heat 4-2. Dallas Mavericks players include Dirk Nowitzki, Jason Kidd, Jason Terry, Shawn Marion, Caron Butler, and Peja Stojakovic. They won their first NBA Championship in 2011 when they beat the Miami Heat in a 4-2 series in a rematch from 2006. After the championship, the Mavericks would not make it past the first/second rounds until 2022.

Walter Payton

Walter Payton (July 25, 1954 – November 1, 1999) was an American football player. He was born in Columbia, Mississippi. Payton played for the Chicago Bears from 1975 to 1987. The Bears won Super Bowl XX in 1985. Payton was made a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1993. He died of cholangiocarcinoma (bile duct cancer) in 1999.


Christopher Benfey

Christopher Benfey (born October 28, 1954) is an American writer. He is a Professor of English language at Mount Holyoke College. He has written several books that people liked a lot. He was born in Marion, Pennsylvania. He later moved to Richmond, Indiana where he grew up. He has attended many colleges including the Putney school, Guilford College, Earlham College, and Harvard University.

Harthacanute

Harthacanute (Canute the Hardy, sometimes "Hardicanute, Hardecanute"; Danish: "Hardeknud") (1018 – 8 June 1042) was King of Denmark from 1035 to 1042 and England from 1040 to 1042. He was the only son of Canute the Great and Emma of Normandy.

He followed his father as King of Denmark in 1035, becoming Canute III. Fighting with Magnus I of Norway stopped him from sailing to England to take up his throne. His older, illegitimate half-brother, Harold Harefoot, became regent of England.

Harold took the English crown for himself in 1037. After Harthacanute had settled the situation in Scandinavia he prepared an invasion of England to take over his kingdom. Harold died, and Harthacanute was able to take back his throne peacefully.

Harthacanute was a harsh and unpopular ruler. To pay for his ships, he greatly increased the rate of taxation. In 1041, the people of Worcester killed two of Harthacanute's men who had been collecting the tax. Harthacanute burned the city. The story of Lady Godiva riding naked through the streets of Coventry to persuade the local earl to lower taxes, may come from the reign of Harthacanute. The "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" says of him: "He never accomplished anything kingly for as long as he ruled".

In 1041, Harthacanute asked his half-brother Edward the Confessor (his mother Emma's son by Ethelred the Unready) back from exile in Normandy to become a member of his household, and probably made Edward his heir. Harthacanute was unmarried and had no children. On 8 June 1042, he died at Lambeth— he "died as he stood at his drink, and he suddenly fell to the earth". He was buried at Winchester Cathedral, Hampshire. Edward became the new king.

Harold Harefoot

Harold Harefoot, also Harold I, ("c". 1015 – 17 March 1040) was King of England from 1035 to 1040. He was justthe son of Canute the Great, King of England, Denmark, Norway, and some of Sweden, by his wife Aelgifu of Northampton. There was skepticism about his being Canute's son.

Upon Canute's death (12 November 1035), Harold's younger half-brother Harthacanute, the son of Canute and his queen, Emma of Normandy, was legitimate heir to the thrones of both the Danes and the English. He was unable to travel to his coronation, because his Danish kingdom was under threat of invasion by King Magnus of Norway and King Anund Jacob of Sweden. Therefore, he was installed temporarily as regent though Godwin the Earl of Wessex and the Queen was against it.

Harold died at Oxford on 17 March 1040, just as Harthacanute was preparing an invasion force of Danes, and was buried at the abbey of Westminster.


English Interregnum

The English Interregnum was the period of parliamentary and military rule in the land occupied by modern-day England and Wales after the English Civil War. It began with the execution of Charles I in 1649 and ended when Charles II became king, after Oliver Cromwell died in 1660.

This era in English history can be divided into four periods.

Oliver Cromwell was a Puritan and during the Interregnum, he imposed a very strict form of Christianity upon the country. Although a main cause of the English Civil War was oppression under Charles I, England during the Interregnum became oppressive in its own fashion. Cromwell granted religious freedom otherwise previously unknown in England, but other forms of expression were suddenly limited (for instance, theatre, which had thrived under the Stuart kings and Elizabeth I, was banned). Cromwell also made certain that his own personal vision of Christianity was enforced upon the masses. Many of Cromwell's actions were called "harsh, unwise, and tyrannical" by some commentators. 

His son and successor, Richard Cromwell gave up his position as Lord Protector with little hesitation, resigning or "abdicating" after a demand by the Rump Parliament. This was the beginning of a short period of restoration of the Commonwealth of England.


Interregnum

An interregnum is a period between monarchs, between popes of the Roman Catholic Church, emperors of Holy Roman Empire, Polish kings (elective monarchy) or between consuls of the Roman Republic. It can also refer any gap in the continuity of a government, organization, or social order. The period of interregnum may be peaceful, or it may collapse into chaos and anarchy.

In some monarchies, such as the United Kingdom, an "interregnum" is usually avoided due to a rule described as "the king is dead, long live the King", i.e. the heir to the throne becomes a new monarch immediately on his predecessor's death or abdication. This famous phrase signifies the continuity of sovereignty. This is not so in other monarchies where the new monarch's reign begins only with coronation or some other formal or traditional event. 

An "interregnum" occurs also upon the death of the Roman Catholic Pope, though this is generally known as a "sede vacante" (vacant seat). The interregnum ends immediately upon election of the new Pope by the College of Cardinals. 


Oliver Cromwell

Oliver Cromwell (25 April 1599 – 3 September 1658) was an English military and political leader best known for making England a republic and leading the Commonwealth of England and primarily because of ethnic cleansing activities in Ireland euphemistically called as Cromwellian Genocide.

Cromwell's actions during his career seem confusing to us today. He supported Parliament against the King, yet he ordered his soldiers to break up parliament. Under his rule, the Protectorate said that people's religious beliefs should be respected, but people who went against what most people believed were sometimes tortured and imprisoned.

Cromwell was the first ruler of England to be a Puritan. He created a new model army. Many English people today think he was one of their greatest leaders.

Cromwell started off as a gentleman from Huntingdon. He first studied at Huntingdon Grammar School. He had a bad relationship with his father. He went on to Sidney Sussex College at the University of Cambridge. This was a new, small college where he had the chance to talk about his new Puritan ideas. However, he never took a degree because his father died in 1617 while he was studying.

In 1628, Cromwell became an MP and a Puritan and supported Parliament in its quarrel with the King. When war broke out, the King's army was stronger and better-prepared than the army of Parliament. Cromwell saw this, and he decided to train men to fight better. Soon the "New Model Army" he had trained began to win battles. As a result, Parliament won the war. By the end of the war, Cromwell was very powerful.

During the following years, Oliver Cromwell conducted two campaigns to subdue the Irish Catholics (1649-1650), and in the battles of Dunbar and Worcester (1650-1651) crushed the Scottish royalists, who had proclaimed King Charles II. , first-born of the executed sovereign.

After the execution of the King, a republic was declared, known as the Commonwealth of England. A Council of State was appointed to manage affairs, which included Cromwell among its members. His real power base was in the army.

In 1652, Cromwell took over Ireland. Many historians believe that Cromwell committed an ethnic cleansing against the Irish Catholic people. Cromwell wanted the Irish Catholics to move out of eastern Ireland into the northwest. According to these historians, Cromwell and his army used massacres, starvation, and threats of execution to force the Irish to leave. Historian Frances Stewart says that 600,000 Irish people 43% of the Irish population died from these policies.

The House of Commons tried hard to control the army, but could not: in 1653, Cromwell dissolved the House of Commons, yielded legislative power to 139 people of his confidence and took the title of Lord Protector of England, Scotland and Ireland, with powers wider than those enjoyed by the monarch. During his tenure he reorganized public finances, promoted the liberalization of commerce in order to ensure the prosperity of the mercantile bourgeoisie, promulgated the Navigation Act (1651), through which he imposed on the Netherlands the English maritime supremacy, defeated the United Provinces (1654), snatched Jamaica from Spain (1655), persecuted the Catholics and placed England at the head of the European Protestant countries.

A new constitution known as the Instrument of Government made Cromwell Lord Protector for life. He had the power to call and dissolve parliaments.

In 1657, Cromwell was offered the crown by Parliament. Cromwell thought about the offer for six weeks. Then he rejected it and was ceremonially re-installed as "Lord Protector" (with greater powers than had previously been granted him under this title) at Westminster Hall.

Cromwell is thought to have suffered from malaria (probably first contracted while on campaign in Ireland). He died at Whitehall on 3 September 1658, the anniversary of his great victories at Dunbar and Worcester.

At his death (3 September 1658), however, the Republic was immersed in a period of chaos, which ended with the restoration of the monarchy in the person of Charles II of England by the Parliament (1660). Despite his prudence, the new monarch did not hesitate to order the exhumation of the corpse of the man who had signed the death sentence of his father, to cut off his head and expose it in the Tower of London.

He was succeeded as Lord Protector by his son Richard. Although Richard was not entirely without ability, he had no power base in either Parliament or the Army, and was forced to resign in the spring of 1659, bringing the Protectorate to an end. A year later Parliament restored Charles II as king.

When the Royalists returned to power, Cromwell's corpse was dug up, hung in chains, and beheaded. It is said that his head was lost for months until a soldier found it. His skull was passed around as a token until it was buried at Tyburn.




Interregnum (disambiguation)

Interregnum could mean:


The Incredibles

The Incredibles is a 2004 animated movie. It was written and developed by Brad Bird, who once directed "The Simpsons" and was best known for directing the animated movie "The Iron Giant". The movie was produced by Pixar Animation Studios, and has won an Academy Award. "The Incredibles" was originally developed as a traditionally-animated movie, but after Warner Bros. shut down its animation division, Brad Bird moved to Pixar and took the story with him.
The movie depicts a world where there are superheroes, but after an intense court hearing, the government decides that all 'supers' must now go undercover and live normal lives. The main character is Robert Parr (Mr Incredible). The sequel "Incredibles 2" was released to the public on June 15, 2018.

In the 1950s, superheroes are now scorned by the public because of the collateral damage caused by their crime-fighting. After several lawsuits, the government initiates the Superhero Relocation Program, in which superheroes must give up crime-fighting and live under secret identities. Many years later, in the mid-1960s, Bob Parr (Craig T. Nelson) and his wife Helen (Holly Hunter)-formerly Mr. Incredible and Elastigirl-live in the suburbs of Metroville with their children Dash (Spencer Fox), Violet (Sarah Vowell) and Jack-Jack (Eli Fucile). Although Bob loves his family, he secretly resents his white-collar job and his mundane suburban life. Along with his friend Lucius Best (Samuel L. Jackson)-formerly known as Frozen-Bob occasionally moonlights as a vigilante to relive his "glory days".

One day, Bob and Lucius are nearly caught during one of their vigilante activities when he discovers one of his friends, Gazerbeam, is missing. The next day, after his boss, Gilbert Huph (Wallace Shawn), prevents him from stopping a mugging, Bob loses his temper, and injures Huph with his super strength, leading to him being fired. When he returns home, he receives a video call from a mysterious woman called Mirage (Elizabeth Peña), who assigns him a paid mission to defeat the Omnidroid, a savage robot on a remote island called Nomanisan. Bob travels to the island, where he battles the robot and destroys it by ripping out its power source. Bob finds the action and higher pay rejuvenating; over the next two months, while waiting for another assignment by Mirage, he improves his relationship with his family. When he finds a rip in his super suit, he visits the eccentric costume designer Edna Mode (Brad Bird) to mend it. Assuming Helen knows what Bob is doing, she designs suits for the rest of the family.

Travelling to Nomanisan again, Bob discovers Mirage is working for the wicked Syndrome (Jason Lee), a jilted fan formerly known as Buddy Pine, who now makes money as an inventor and arms dealer. After escaping from Syndrome, Bob discovers Gazerbeam's skeleton in a cave, with the reflection pointing towards writing on a wall; KRONOS. Bob uses the word to hack into Syndrome's computer, and discovers to his horror, that Syndrome has been perfecting the Omnidroid to kill superheroes after he hires them to fight it. Syndrome's plans to send the Omnidroid to Metroville, where he will manipulate its controls and defeat it, becoming a hero in the eyes of the public; his endgame is to sell his inventions around the world, so everyone can become super, rendering actual superheroes obsolete.

Helen visits Edna and learns what Bob has been up to. She activates a beacon built into the suits to find Bob, accidentally causing him to be captured while infiltrating Syndrome's base. Elastigirl borrows a private plane to travel to the island, and discovers that Dash and Violet have stowed away, leaving Jack-Jack with a babysitter. Syndrome picks up on Helen's radio transmissions, and he sends anti-aircraft missiles to shoot her down, destroying the plane. Helen and the kids survive and use their powers to reach the island. Helen infiltrates the base and discovers Syndrome's plan. Discontented with Syndrome's indifference when her life was threatened, Mirage frees Bob and tells him his family are alive. Helen arrives and she and Bob race to find their children; Dash and Violet defeat Syndrome's henchmen and reunite with their parents; Syndrome captures them all, and travels to Metroville with the Omnidroid.

With the help of Mirage, the family escape. Due to the Omnidroid's advanced intelligence, it recognizes Syndrome as a threat to itself, shooting off the controller from his wrist, rendering him unable to control it, and knocking him out. The Incredibles team up with Frozone, and defeat the Omnidroid. Helen acquires the controls, and Bob destroys the robot's power source. Upon arriving home, the Incredibles discover Syndrome, who plans to capture Jack-Jack and raise him as his apprentice out of revenge. As he travels to his jet, Jack Jack's power manifest and he escapes him in mid-air, being caught by Helen. Bob throws his car at Syndrome's plane, and the villain is incinerated when his cape is caught in the plane's turbines.

Three months later, the Incredibles are confronted by the supervillain Underminer; they wear their masks, ready to confront the new threat together.


Additional voices were provided by Tony Anselmo, Christopher Daniel Barnes, Susan Blu, Mary Elizabeth Clark, Pete Docter, Maile Flanagan, Jessie "Michaela Murphy" Flower, Louis Gonzales, Juliet Greenberg, Billy Guardino, Jess Harnell, Daamen J. Krall, Bradford Lewis, Sherry Lynn, Tress MacNeille, Ted Mathot, Jazzy Mahannah, Liliana Mumy, Bob Peterson, Jeff Pidgeon, Juliet Pokorny, A.J. Riebli III, Stephen Schaffer, Kath Soucie, Tara Strong, Steve Susskind, Brian Tochi, Erik von Detten, Pamela Gaye Walker and Patrick Walker.


Restoration

Restoration may refer to:


The Restoration

The Restoration was an time in the history of the British Isles that started in 1660. In 1660 the House of Stuart was restored to power after the Wars of the Three Kingdoms. The Restoration came after The Protectorate, when Oliver Cromwell and his son Richard Cromwell had led the government. The kingdoms of England, Scotland, and Ireland started to have a monarchy again. "The Restoration" means both the events at the start of Charles II's reign and the period of time after they happened.

Charles II came back to England after his exile and he became king of England, Scotland, and Ireland. Before this, the British Isles's monarchy had stopped after Charles I's execution. The three kingdoms became a republic, without a monarchy: the Commonwealth of England, Scotland, and Ireland.

Literature and culture of the Restoration period can also have the name "Restoration". (For example, Restoration drama is the theatre and plays of the Restoration period.)


Commonwealth of England

The Commonwealth of England was the republican government which ruled first England and then Ireland and Scotland from 1649 to 1660. After the execution of Charles I on January 30, 1649, the Commonwealth was declared ("") by the Rump Parliament on May 19, 1649. The government during 1653 to 1659 is properly called The Protectorate, and took the form of direct personal rule by Oliver Cromwell and, after his death, his son Richard, as Lord Protector. The term "Commonwealth" is, however, loosely used to describe the system of government during the whole of 1649 to 1660, the years of the English Interregnum.


Declaration of independence

A declaration of independence is a claim of independence of an aspiring state or states. States like these are usually formed from part or all of the territory of another nation or failed nation, or are breakaway territories from within the parent state.

Declarations of independence are typically made without the consent of the parent state, and hence are sometimes called unilateral declarations of independence (UDI), particularly by those who question the validity of the declarations.

Presbyterianism

Presbyterianism is a kind of Protestant Christianity. It was started in Scotland by John Knox during the 16th century. It became powerful in England during the Civil War. Today there are Presbyterian churches across the world.

Presbyterians (followers of Presbyterianism) are Calvinists 
and believe The five points of Calvinism, also known as the "Five Points of Calvinistic Doctrine" or simply "TULIP', a theological summary that represents the key points of the Calvinist doctrine. Each letter in the acronym TULIP stands for a different point:

1. Total depravity (also known as Total Inability): This point asserts that as a result of the Fall, humanity is completely touched by sin and, therefore, unable to choose to follow God or contribute to their own salvation. This means that, without divine intervention, humans are incapable of responding to God.

2. Unconditional election: This point emphasizes the belief that God chooses individuals for salvation based on his will alone, and not based on anything that a person does or believes. It is the idea that God's choice of who will be saved is not contingent on any foreseen response or characteristic of the individual.

3. Limited atonement (also known as Particular Atonement): This point affirms the belief that Jesus's atonement was intended to save the elect only, and not every single individual. It is the belief that Jesus's death was specifically designed to save those whom God has chosen for salvation.

4. Irresistible grace: This point asserts that the grace of God is so powerful that those whom God has chosen for salvation cannot resist it. In other words, when God calls an individual to salvation, that person will inevitably come to faith.

5. Perseverance of the saints (also known as "Once saved, always saved" or "Eternal Security"): This point emphasizes the belief that those who are chosen by God, called, and regenerated will continue in faith and ultimately be saved. This means that once a person is truly saved, they cannot lose their salvation.
Some presbyterians do not agree with the 3rd point (Limited atonement) and are therefore called 4 point calvinists. 

Presbyterian churches may be led by men called Ministers, Rectors or Elders. Some Presbyterian churches have women as elders. "Presbyter" means "elder" and they rule in committees. 

There is no overall leader and there are no bishops in the Presbyterian tradition. On Sunday, the Bible, which they consider the 'Word of God', is read and a sermon preached by the minister is at the heart of a morning worship service, which also includes group singings of some worship songs.

There are Presbyterian churches on every continent except Antarctica, but they do not always agree with each other. There have been many splits ("schisms") caused by various disagreements: some about what they believe, some about how they should be organised. In some cases these splits have been healed but many have not.

In Scotland, where Presbyterianism started, there are at least seven different groups ("denominations"); there are three main groups in England, one in Wales and five in Northern Ireland.

There are dozens of different groups in North America, almost all in the USA. They arrived during the 17th century, mostly from Scotland and already disagreeing with each other. Most countries in South America have had Presbyterian churches since the 19th century.

At least 23 countries in Africa have Presbyterian churches, also since the 19th century.

In Asia, the Korea Presbyterian Church was started through the mission of the Presbyterian Church (USA). After Korean independence, the division was formed afresh as 'Presbyterian Church in Korea (KoRyuPa)' advocating the views of Dutch Reformed churches. In 2012 a new General Assembly of the Orthodox Presbyterian Church of Korea declared authentic historical succession of John Knox.


Declaration of war

A declaration of war is a formal declaration issued by a national government indicating that a state of war exists between that nation, and one or more others.

Declarations of war have been used in diplomacy since the Renaissance, when the first formal declarations of war were issued.

In an effort to force nations to resolve issues without warfare, the United Nations Charter attempted to commit member nations to using warfare only under limited circumstances, such as to defend when attacked. Wars continued to begin and end, but powerful states no longer declared them.



Cyrillic script

The Cyrillic script, sometimes called the Slavonic script or Slavic script, is a writing system used to write Russian, Ukrainian, Belarusian, Rusyn, Bulgarian, Macedonian and for most South Slavic languages. It was developed in the Bulgarian empire during the reign of Tsar Simeon I. The Soviet Union made many non-Slavic languages in the Caucasus, Siberia, Central Asia and in northern Russia to be written in Cyrillic. 

Old Church Slavonic was the original language of the Slavic people, and it was used for Russian Orthodox Church. In the 9th century, two monks, St. Cyril and St. Methodius, were missionaries in Eastern Europe. When they preached to the Slavic peoples, they invented the Glagolitic alphabet, an early form of Cyrillic. 
During the 18th century, Nikolay Karamzin added Э, Й and Ё.

In 1708, Peter the Great added lowercase forms to the letters.

After the October Revolution, the Communist Party changed the Cyrillic alphabet for the Russian language so it would be easier for Soviet citizens to learn how to read and write. The letters I/i, Ѣ/ѣ, Ѳ/ѳ, Ѵ/ѵ were all removed from Russian.

In 1991, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan decided to drop the Cyrillic script and to adopt the Latin script.


Silent Spring

Silent Spring is the name of a book by Rachel Carson. It was published in 1962. It tells of the damage done to the environment by the use of chemicals to kill pests. The book is widely credited with helping launch the modern American environmental movement.

The book documented detrimental effects of pesticides such as DDT on wildlife, particularly birds. Carson accused the chemical industry of spreading disinformation, and public officials of accepting industry claims uncritically.


Nymph (biology)

In zoology, a nymph is the young stage of some kinds of invertebrates, especially insects.

Insects grow by metamorphosis. In incomplete metamorphosis, an insect egg hatches, and a small nymph comes out. The nymph usually looks just like the adult insect but is much smaller. Nymphs do not become pupae before becoming adults. They just grow larger. They moult through various stages called instars.

Some insects have nymphs that are aquatic, which means they live in water. These nymphs look very different from the adults. Dragonflies have nymphs that live in water, such as in lakes and rivers. Nymphs that live in water are sometimes called naiads.

The other way insects grow is by complete metamorphosis. This way has no nymphs. The adult form is prepared in the pupa, and comes out perfect.

Some insects that are nymphs when they are young are grasshoppers, cockroaches, true bugs and dragonflies.

Saab

Saab is a Swedish car and airplane maker, started in Trollhattan, Sweden in 1937. Saab started to make cars in 1947. The automobile part of the business is now owned by Spyker Cars. The aviation and defense parts of Saab are owned by the Wallenberg family. 1939-2014



The Protectorate

The Protectorate was the period of British history during which the Commonwealth of England, Scotland, and Ireland was governed by a Lord Protector, which was from 1653 to 1659.

Before the Protectorate, England (and then Scotland and Ireland) had been ruled directly by Parliament since it had in 1649. The Rump Parliament had been sent away in April 1653 by soldiers led by Oliver Cromwell. Although the replacement Barebones Parliament (July–December 1653), was nominated by Cromwell and the leaders of the army, it was just as difficult to control.

The post of Lord Protector was created by a constitution passed in December 1653, which gave Cromwell the position for life. Although the constitution divided power between the Lord Protector, the Council of State and Parliament, there was in practice again the strong executive power that had been absent since the end of the monarchy. Cromwellian government has been called 'one of the first experiments in ("de facto") military dictatorship' (Abbott).

During the Protectorate, there was Puritan legislation. Religious toleration was extended to Jews and most Protestants but not Anglicans or Roman Catholics.

After Cromwell's death in September 1658, the new Lord Protector, Richard Cromwell, was unable to control the army and resigned in May 1659. After the chaotic English Interregnum, the monarchy was restored in May 1660 through the initiative of General George Monck.


Vibrator

Vibrator could mean several different types of devices:

Vibrator could also mean:

Rump Parliament

The Rump Parliament was the name given to Parliament until 1660 of the English Parliament that followed the Long Parliament, after Pride's Purge of December 6 1648 had removed those Members of Parliament that were against the plan to try King Charles I for high treason.


Vibrator (sensual)

A vibrator is a device that is made to vibrate against the body, thereby stimulating the nerves and giving a pleasurable and possibly erotic feeling.

The electrically powered vibrator was invented in the 1880s by doctors, who were treating women for "hysteria" for centuries by performing what today would be considered masturbation. At the time, however, not only did doctors regard the "vulvular stimulation" as having nothing to do with sex, they reportedly found that it took a lot of time to do and it was hard work. The vibrator did it more quickly and easily, and because of this it was very popular with doctors.

Home versions soon started being made and they were also popular, with adverts in places like "Needlecraft", "Woman's Home Companion", "Modern Priscilla" and the Sears catalog. These disappeared in the 1920s, as their appearance in pornography made it harder for polite society to avoid the sexual connotations of the devices.
As "body massagers", millions of vibrators have been sold to both men and women.

Some people that buy vibrators only use them for pains. However, many people who purchase vibrators marketed as "body massagers" — and, presumably, most people who purchase vibrators marketed as adult toys — use them to get sexual pleasure, most often in masturbation. Vibrators often allow people to achieve orgasm more quickly and easily, and are often said to give stronger orgasms. They are often recommended by sex therapists for women who have difficulty reaching orgasm by other means. Couples also use them sometimes.

Harper's Magazine notes a Durex survey that says 46% of women have vibrators near 2006. This may have been market research relating to their vibrating condom base product.

The sale of vibrators and similar items was forbidden up until recently in several states in the southern United States. In Texas, the sale of vibrators and dildos is technically illegal, but many stores will sell such items provided that the customer signs a statement that the device will be used only for educational purposes. The law’s current status in real life is not certain. The states of Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Indiana, Virginia, Louisiana and Massachusetts have all had laws that prohibit vibrators, but most of them have been struck down by courts or are not enforced. Only the law in Alabama is generally enforced.

An enormous range of vibrators exist, falling into several broad categories:

Most vibrators use internal batteries, but some of them have a power cord and must be plugged into an power socket to work.



Michael Owen

Michael Owen (born 14 December 1979) is a retired English professional footballer.

"Statistics accurate as of match played 19 May 2013"

International goals

History of England

Archaeology shows that people came to southern England long before the rest of the British Isles, probably because of the friendly climate between and during the ice ages of long ago.

Julius Caesar invaded what is now England in 55 and 54 BC, as part of the Gallic Wars, and was defeated. He wrote in "De Bello Gallico" that there were many tribes there, very similar to other Celtic tribes in Europe. Coins, and later Roman historians, have given us the names of some of the rulers of the tribes, and what they did.

In 43 AD, Claudius successfully invaded England with 40,000 soldiers landing at Gaul at Richborough, Kent.

For hundreds of years, what is now England was a Roman province, Britannia. The Romans later gave up on the province and left the Celtic people on their own as the Roman Empire began to fall apart. The influence of the Romans meant that the territory of England had already experienced unity before the Anglo-Saxons arrived.

Analysis of human bodies found at an ancient cemetery near Abingdon, England, shows that Saxon immigrants and native Britons lived side-by-side.
The Romano-British population (the Britons) was assimilated. The settlement (or invasion) of England is called the Saxon Conquest, or the Anglo-Saxon or English Conquest.
From the 4th century AD, many Britons left to cross the English Channel from Wales, Cornwall and southern Britain, and started to settle the western part of Gaul (Armorica), where they started a new nation: Brittany. The Britons gave their new country its name and the Breton language, Brezhoneg, a sister language to Welsh and Cornish. The name "Brittany" (from "Little Britain") arose at this time to tell the new Britain apart from "Great Britain". Brezhoneg is still spoken in Brittany today.

After a time of raids, the Vikings also began to settle in England and to trade, eventually controlling an area called the Danelaw from the late 9th century. One Viking settlement was at York, called Jorvik by the Vikings. Viking rule left traces in the English language — because Old English was already related to Old Norse, many Norse words began to be used in English at this time.

The defeat of King Harold Godwinson at the Battle of Hastings in 1066 against Duke William II of Normandy, later called William I of England, and the following Norman conquest of England caused important changes in the history of Britain. William ordered the Domesday Book to be written. This was a survey of the entire population, and their lands and property, to help in collecting taxes.

William also ruled Normandy, then a powerful duchy in France. William and his nobles spoke, and held court, in Anglo-Norman, in Normandy as well as in England. The use of the Anglo-Norman language by the aristocracy was kept up for centuries, and had a great influence on the development of Old English into Middle English.

In England, the Middle Ages was a time of war, civil war, rebellions from time to time, and many plots among the nobles and royalty. England had more than enough cereals, dairy products, beef and mutton. The nation's international economy was based on the wool trade, where wool from northern England was sold to the textile merchants of Flanders to make into cloth. Medieval foreign policy was also shaped by relations with the Flemish cloth business. An English cloth business was developed in the fifteenth century, allowing the English also to become wealthier.

In the reign of Henry II, the king got some power back from the barony and the Church. Henry's successor, Richard I "the Lion Heart", took part in the Third Crusade, and defended his French territories against Philip II of France. His younger brother John, who followed him as king, was not so lucky; he lost Normandy and many other French territories. In 1215, the barons led an armed rebellion and forced him to sign the Magna Carta, which put legal limits on the King's personal powers.

The reign of Edward I (1272–1307) was rather successful. Edward strengthened the powers of his Government, and called the first English Parliament. He conquered Wales. His son, Edward II, lost the Battle of Bannockburn against Scotland.

The Black Death, an epidemic that spread over all of Europe and parts of Asia, arrived in England in 1349 and killed perhaps up to a third of the population.

Edward III gave land to powerful noble families, including many people with royal blood. Because land was like power in these days, some powerful men could now try to claim the Crown.

The Wars of the Roses ended with the victory of Henry Tudor, who became king Henry VII of England, at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485, where the Yorkist king, Richard III was killed.
His son, Henry VIII split with the Roman Catholic Church over a question of his divorce from Catherine of Aragon. Though his religious position was not entirely Protestant, this led to the Church of England breaking from the Roman Catholic Church. There followed a time of great religious and political troubles, and the English Reformation.

Henry VIII had three children, all of whom would wear the Crown. The first to reign was Edward VI of England. Although he was intelligent, he was only a boy of ten when he took the throne in 1547.

When Edward VI died of tuberculosis in 1553 Mary I took the throne when crowds cheered for her in London, which people at the time said was the largest show of affection for a Tudor monarch. Mary, a loyal Catholic who had been influenced greatly by the Catholic King of Spain and Holy Roman Emperor, Charles V, tried to get the country back to Catholicism. This led to 274 burnings of Protestants, and much hatred from her people. Mary lost Calais, the last English possession on the Continent, and became even more unpopular (except among Catholics) at the end of her reign.

The reign of Elizabeth returned a sort of order to England in 1558. The religious question that had divided the country since Henry VIII was put to rest by the Elizabethan Religious Settlement, which set up the Church of England in much the same form it has today.

The slave trade that made Britain a major economic power began with Elizabeth, who gave John Hawkins permission to start trading in 1562.

The government of Elizabeth was more peaceful, apart from the revolt of the northern earls in 1569, and she was able to lessen the power of the old nobility and expand the power of her government. One of the most famous events in English military history was in 1588 when the Spanish Armada lost against the English navy, commanded by Sir Francis Drake. Elizabeth's government did much to make her government stronger, and to make common law and administration more effective throughout England.

In all, the Tudor period is seen as an important one, leading to many questions that would have to be answered in the next century during the English Civil War. These were questions of how much power the monarch and Parliament should have, and how much one should control the other.

Elizabeth died without children who could take the throne after her. Her closest male Protestant relative was the king of Scotland, James VI, of the house of Stuart, so he became James I of England, the first king of the entire island of Great Britain, although he ruled England and Scotland as separate countries.
The English Civil War began in 1642, mainly because of conflicts between James' son, Charles I, and Parliament. The defeat of the Royalist army by the New Model Army of Parliament at the Battle of Naseby in June 1645 destroyed most of the King's forces. The capture and trial of Charles led to his beheading in January 1649 at Whitehall Gate in London. A republic was declared, and Oliver Cromwell became the Lord Protector in 1653. After he died, his son Richard Cromwell followed him in the office, but soon quit. The monarchy was returned in 1660, after England had a time of anarchy, with King Charles II again in London.

In 1665, London was hit with the plague, and then, in 1666, the capital was burned for 5 days by the Great Fire, destroying around 15,000 buildings.

In 1689, the Dutch Protestant William of Orange, replaced the Catholic King James II in what is called the Glorious Revolution. However, in Scotland and Ireland, Catholics loyal to James II were not so happy, and a series of bloody revolts followed. These rebellions continued until the mid-18th century, when Charles Edward Stuart was defeated at the Battle of Culloden in 1746.

The First Act of Union made Scotland, England and Wales into one country. The history of England after this 1707 Act is a part of Great Britain's history.



Anglo-Saxons

The Anglo-Saxons were the dominant people living in England from the mid-5th century AD until the Norman conquest in 1066. They spoke Germanic languages and are identified by Bede as the descendants of three powerful tribes. These were the Angles, Saxons, and Jutes. Their language, "Anglo-Saxon" or Old English, came from West Germanic dialects. It changed into Middle English from about the 11th century. Old English was divided into four main dialects: West Saxon, Mercian, Northumbrian and Kentish.

The Anglo-Saxon culture replaced the Celtic culture in the area that is now England. Modern historians do not think that the Anglo-Saxons drove the Celts away, but instead that they became an upper class to the Celts in England, and the Celts then became part of the Anglo-Saxon culture. They created seven kingdoms in England. They never conquered Wales but Anglo-Saxon kings did claim overlordship from time to time. Some Anglo-Saxons came to Britain as warriors, but others came peacefully to become farmers or to raise families.

It is not known how many Anglo-Saxons actually came to Britain between the 4th and 6th century AD. Many sources say large numbers of Anglo-Saxon settlers arrived. Because of this, some of the native Britons moved west, towards Wales and Cornwall. Others went to Armorica and became the Bretons. The language of the Anglo-Saxons, Old English, became the main language in southern Britain. A few Celtic and Latin words were borrowed into Old English.

In the areas such as Kent, Sussex, Essex, Suffolk and Norfolk, many of the native Britons may have been driven out. In other areas, some Britons likely remained and were absorbed into Anglo-Saxon society. In 2011, a historian suggested that about 1 or 2 Anglo-Saxons came to England for every 10 Celts that were already there.

It was Bede who identified the invaders as Angles, Saxons and Jutes. But he sometimes used the names "Angli" and "Saxones" for the same people in different parts of his writings. In Book I, Chapter 15 he said that by invitation of King Vortigern "Angles "or" Saxons" came to Britain in three longships. Modern authorities confirm that Angles, Saxons, Frisians and some Jutes did come to England during this migration time period. The differences between the tribes that moved to England were not significant. Kent was different in culture from other parts of England, mostly because it had close contact with parts of Europe such as Gaul.

Certain styles of jewellery are recognized by archaeologists as being typical of Anglian, Saxon and Jutish areas in Northern Europe. But why the name England came to be used for the country and English for the language is not clear. In Old English the people called themselves "Engle," and in Latin they were called "Angli," but nothing suggests the Angles made up the largest percentage of the Germanic peoples in Britain. The name "Englaland", which became 'England' was regularly used by the 11th century.

The native British people, who wrote in both Latin and Welsh (a Celtic language), referred to these invaders as "Saxones" or "Saeson". The latter name is still used today in the Welsh word for English people, "Saeson", the English language, "Saesneg", and things related to England, "Seisnig". In the Scottish Gaelic language the word for an English person is "sasannach" and in Irish the word is s"asanach".

Anglo-Saxon art before the time of Alfred (who ruled from 871 to 899) is a mixture of Anglo-Saxon and Celtic techniques and styles. The Sutton Hoo treasure is an excellent example of very early Anglo-Saxon metalwork and jewellery. It came from a royal grave of the early 7th century. The period between Alfred and the Norman Conquest saw a distinct Anglo-Saxon style in art. This was due in part to the revival of the English economy and culture after the end of the Viking raids. This later style appears to have been in touch with trends in western Europe.

Anglo-Saxon art is mainly known today through illuminated manuscripts. Manuscripts were not the only Anglo-Saxon art form, but they have survived in much greater numbers than other types of objects. People in Europe at the time regarded Anglo-Saxon goldsmithing and embroidery as especially fine. The most common examples of Anglo-Saxon art are coins. Anglo-Saxon artists also worked in fresco, ivory, stone carving, metalwork and enamel, but few of these pieces have survived.

Old English literary works include epic poetry, biography, sermons, Bible translations, legal works, chronicles, riddles and others. In all there are about 400 surviving manuscripts from the period.

A very famous work from this period is the poem "Beowulf". It has achieved national epic status in Britain. The "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" is a collection of important early English history. "Cædmon's Hymn" from the 7th century is the earliest attested literary text in (Old) English. One of the most valuable and important sources on Anglo-Saxon history is Bede's "Ecclesiastical History of the English Nation".


Norman conquest of England

The Norman conquest of England was a military invasion of England by William the Conqueror in 1066.

William was Duke of Normandy, a country on the other side of the English Channel, now a region in France. He invaded England after the death of King Edward the Confessor because he believed he had the most right to be King of England, but King Harold II had himself crowned king instead. King Harold, with his Saxon army, and Duke William fought at the Battle of Hastings on October 14, 1066. King Harold was killed in the battle and his army left. On December 25, 1066 William was crowned the new King of England.

The Norman conquest was an important change in English history. The conquest linked England more closely with Continental Europe, and made Scandinavian influence less important. It created one of the most powerful monarchies in Europe. The conquest changed the English language and culture, and set the stage for rivalry with France, which would continue (with a few breaks) until the 19th century. 

England has never been successfully invaded since the Norman invasion nearly 1000 years ago.



Raid

A raid is an attack into enemy territory with no intent to get control of it. For example, the attack on Pearl Harbor was an air raid.

The attackers go away immediately after the attack. Most raids are brief and performed by a small number of people.

Restauration

Following the fall from power of Napoleon Bonaparte:



English Reformation

The English Reformation was part of the Protestant Reformation. Many Christian churches in Europe broke away from Rome. Each of the countries that went through this process did so in a different way. Earlier the Roman Catholic Church had supreme powers. 

Henry VIII broke ties with the church and became head of the English church. This was done in 1534 in the Acts of Supremacy. It was the beginning of the Church of England. His friend Thomas Cranmer became Henry's Archbishop of Canterbury. Cranmer would also go on to advise Edward Henry's son when he took the throne in 1549. For years, the Church of England was almost exactly the same as the Catholic Church, except that it was ruled by the King instead of the Pope. This is different from the Reformation on the European continent, where the reformers wanted big changes right away. 

There were several causes for the English Reformation. One of these was that Henry VIII, who was King of England, wanted to divorce his wife, Catherine of Aragon. Another reason was because Henry wanted the Church's wealth and power, and got them with the dissolution of the monasteries. 

The Protestant Reformation in Scotland, however, was based more on the teachings of Martin Luther and John Calvin, so it was more like the Reformation in continental Europe. 

Gianluigi Buffon

Gianluigi "Gigi" Buffon (born 28 January 1978) is an former Italian professional footballer who plays in the goalkeeper position. He is a Goalkeeper for the Serie B team Parma Calcio. He used to play for the Italy national team from 1996 till he retired in 2018. Buffon is recognized by many peoples as one of the greatest goalkeepers of all time, and, by some, as the greatest ever.

Gianluigi Buffon started his career in Parma and won a UEFA Cup in 1999. In 2001, he transferred to the Italian giant Juventus and won the Serie A on consecutive years.

Buffon joined the Italy national team in 1997. In the 2006 FIFA World Cup, he led them to the championship, allowing only two goals in 7 games and keeping 5 clean sheets (no goals allowed), which was a new World Cup record at that time.

‏‎‏‎
Checksum

A checksum is a number. It is a kind of redundancy check. There are different ways to calculate it. It serves as a check, that no errors have been made when writing down the number. In its simplest form, the digits are simply added up. This can however not detect errors of swapping digits around. One of the uses of checksums is to check that account numbers have been entered correctly. 

Portuguese bank account identifiers are a good example of how checksums work. They have 21 digits. The first 19 digits identify the bank, branch and account number. The last two digits are "mod 97" checksum digits based on modular arithmetic. A typical Portuguese bank account number is 0002.0123.12345678901.54. The digits have the following meanings:

If 000201231234567890154 (the bank account number without the dots) is divided by 97, the answer is 207458809978249 remainder 1. Since the remainder is "1", the bank account identifier is probably correct. If the person writing down the number missed a digit, swapped two digits around or wrote a digit down incorrectly the remainder would not have been "1". If this is the case then the computer should detect an error and give an error message. 

Another place where checksums are used are serial numbers for computer software. 

Fennel

Fennel ("Foeniculum vulgare") is a kind of herb. It is native to the Mediterranean and some parts of Asia. Its bulb, leaves, and seeds may be eaten. Dried fennel seeds are used as a spice for flavoring food. Fennel was used to make the spiced wine, claret, in the Middle Ages. Their flavor is like anise.


DisneyToon Studios

DisneyToon Studios was an animation studio created and owned by Walt Disney Animation Studios. Disneytoon Studios closed its doors on June 28, 2018, resulting in a layoff of 75 animators and staff. It worked together with Walt Disney Animation Studios. DisneyToon Studios made a total of 67 movies.

Viet Cong

The National Front for the Liberation of South Vietnam (NLF), was a communist army based in South Vietnam that fought against the governments of South Vietnam and the United States during the Vietnam War (1955-75). The group is better known as the Viet Cong ("Việt Cộng") or V.C., short for "Vietnamese Communist." American soldiers called the Vietnamese communist forces Charlie (which is the letter "C" in the NATO phonetic alphabet), whether North Vietnamese or Viet Cong.

The group was made up of people from both South and North Vietnam. Most of the people in the group were communists but some members were not communists, but the main leaders were. The Viet Cong used guerilla warfare, including terrorist bombings, assassinations, and ambushes. The group is best known for the Tet Offensive, a surprise attack on many South Vietnamese cities that began in January 1968 during Tet, or the Vietnamese New Year. The group was closely allied with the government of North Vietnam, which conquered the South in 1975.

According to "Re-thinking Camelot" (Noam Chomsky 1993), the NLF resistance was in part the result of terror that was inflicted by the government of South Vietnam, which was backed and guided by the US, while the NLF was peacefully awaiting the national elections that had been promised by the Geneva Accords of 1954.

Some, however, accuse Chomsky of minimizing the communists' atrocities and of exaggerating those of their opponents.

After the Geneva Agreement, Vietnam was temporarily divided into two regions. The people of the North and the Government of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam resolutely fought for the implementation of the Geneva Agreements in order to achieve peaceful reunification of Vietnam.

NATO phonetic alphabet

The NATO phonetic alphabet is a set of code words for the letters of the Latin alphabet. They are used to spell words when people speak over the radio or telephone, when people from different countries are speaking with different accents, or in other situations where people may not clearly hear the normal names of the letters. This is important for accuracy in the military and in air travel and shipping. For instance, it may be difficult to hear whether a person is saying the letter "pee" (P) or "bee" (B). The NATO code words "papa" and "bravo" are much clearer. (Each code word begins with the letter that it stands for.)

Although it is commonly called a "phonetic alphabet", it is not used for phonetics as the International Phonetic Alphabet is. For this reason it is also called a "spelling alphabet". There have been many different spelling alphabets over time, but the NATO alphabet is the most commonly used around the world. 

Between ships at sea, signal flags are used to stand for letters in order to spell out words.

Below are the symbol flags and NATO code words for each letter of the alphabet. The pronunciations of the code words are given in the International Phonetic Alphabet. 

Two of the code words have a second pronunciation: "charlie" for 'C' may be pronounced with a French 'ch' sound (an English 'sh' sound: ), and "uniform" for 'U' may be pronounced without the 'y' sound that occurs in that word in English (). The R's in these two words, as well as at the ends of several other code words, do not need to be pronounced. These are the R's that are not pronounced in British English.

Numbers also have code words, but these are very close to the normal English names. Like letters in words, each digit of a number is read out individually. For instance, "13" is read as the two digits "one three", not as the number "thirteen". An exception occurs when "00" or "000" appears in a number. These may be read "hundred" and "thousand" (1300: "one three hundred"), though reading them out individually is also correct (1300: "one three zero zero" – but not as "one thousand three hundred", because the code word "thousand" means that there is a triple "000" in the text).

The pronunciation of some digits is different from English. 0 may be stressed on both syllables. 3 and 000 are pronounced like "tree" and "tousand", since the English "th" sound is difficult for many people. 4 is given its old pronunciation with two syllables: "fower" (rhymes with "lower"), to avoid confusion with the word "for". 5 is pronounced like "fife" to avoid confusion with "fire". The digit 9 is pronounced "niner" (rhymes with "finer") to avoid confusion with the German word "nein" ("no"). 

The decimal point in a number is called "decimal" (pronounced "day-see-mal"), regardless of whether it is written with a period (.) or a comma (,). For instance, 1,3 and 1.3 (meaning 1 and /) are both read out loud as "one decimal three".

These code words are for international usage. When two people speak the same language, they may speak the numbers in their language, even if they use the NATO phonetic alphabet for spelling names. Similarly, in the United States, it is common to say "point" instead of "decimal".

Punctuation marks are only rarely spoken out loud in situations that call for the NATO spelling alphabet. If the period or comma in a sentence needs to be said, they are read as "stop" and "comma" . (...) are "brackets on" and "brackets off" ; "..." are "quote" and "unquote" . "-" is "hyphen" , not "dash"; "/" is "slant" . Others are given their normal English readings as "colon", "semi-colon", "exclamation mark", "question mark" and "apostrophe".

Super Mario Bros.

Super Mario Bros. is a video game made by Nintendo in 1985. It is played on the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES). The game is the sequel to the game "Mario Bros." In "Super Mario Bros.", Mario goes to the Mushroom Kingdom. There, he must save Princess Toadstool (later Princess Peach) from Bowser. Players can also use Luigi in two-player mode. The game was made by Shigeru Miyamoto. The music was made by Kōji Kondō.
"Super Mario Bros." was a very important game because it quickly changed how games were made. It was the best-selling video game ever before being beaten by "Wii Sports" in 2009. It turned Mario into a famous symbol. It also made the NES successful. This game greatly helped the video game industry.

Bowser has kidnapped Princess Toadstool, who is the princess of the Mushroom Kingdom. Mario must chase Bowser through eight worlds in the Mushroom Kingdom to rescue her, with the help of his brother, Luigi.

"Super Mario Bros." is a platform game. In the game, Mario must race through the Mushroom Kingdom and save Princess Toadstool (later Princess Peach) from Bowser. Mario jumps, runs, and walks across each level. The worlds are full of enemies, platforms, and open holes. If Mario touches an enemy, he dies. If he falls down a hole or misses a jump, he will also lose a life.

Mario has several "power-ups". A red and white mushroom will make him big. If Mario is big and if he touches an enemy, he gets smaller; he will not die. If Mario is big and he hits a question block that has a power-up, a fire flower will come out. The fire flower will give him the power to throw fireballs, which can defeat enemies. If he gets hit as Fire Mario, he will go back to being small Mario.

Each world is divided into four levels. Some levels are underground and others are underwater. When Mario is underwater, he cannot jump on any enemy and he will shrink or die if he touches one.

The fourth level is a castle. Mario faces lava, fire bars, and other enemies in this level. At the end of the level is Bowser, who stands over a lava pit. Mario can throw fireballs to defeat Bowser. He can also jump over or run under Bowser to an axe. Touching the axe will destroy the bridge and cause Bowser to fall into the lava, defeating him. Toadstool's servant, Toad, will then tell Mario that the princess is in another castle. The eighth boss is the real Bowser and instead of Toad, the princess is there.

"Super Mario Bros." was both the launch game and a good game for the Nintendo Entertainment System. This game and Duck Hunt were bundled with every NES sold, and the game sold 40 million units as a result. There is also a version of the game with Duck Hunt and World Class Track Meet, which is for the NES Power Pad.

The game's main theme, which plays in the first level of the game, is very well known. It was composed by Koji Kondo. After being in "Super Mario Bros.", it has been in many other Nintendo games.

The game would later have updated versions in Super Mario All-Stars and Super Mario Bros. Deluxe. The game's design was also usable in the Super Mario Maker series.

Barbarian

In Ancient Greece, the name "βάρβαρος", "bárbaros", was given to all those who did not speak the Greek language. Later, the term Barbarian came to mean 'Anyone who is not Greek'. Later again, it meant 'anyone who is outside the Roman Empire'.

In modern use, the word is used to refer to an uncivilized or uncultured person. 

It is used for a member of a nation or ethnic group which is seen as having a lower level of civilization, or for an individual person which is seen as a brutal, cruel and insensitive or whose behavior is unacceptable in the civilized society of the speaker. When used for a person the word is always pejorative, when used for a nation not always. 


Numerical digit

Numerical digits are the number text characters used to show numerals. For example, the numeral "56" has two digits: 5 and 6. In the decimal system (which is base 10), each digit is how many of a certain power of 10 are needed to get the value. The rightmost, or units digit, is for 10^0, the next digit is for 10^1, etc.

The numeral "56" means:  6*10^0 + 5*10^1 = 6*1 + 5*10 = 6 + 50.

The ten digits of the decimal system are: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9. Some numeral systems need more than ten digits. For example, the hexadecimal numeral system uses 16 symbols to represent numericals : 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, A, B, C, D, E, and F.


Contempt

Contempt is an intense feeling of disrespect and dislike. It is related to feelings of resentment, jealousy and bitterness.

Contempt may also mean:

Content

Content can refer to:


Evanescence

Evanescence is an American rock band founded in 1994 by singer and keyboardist Amy Lee and former guitarist Ben Moody in Little Rock, Arkansas. The duo released independent EPs in the late 90s and a demo CD. After getting signed by Wind-up Records in 2001, their debut studio album, "Fallen", was released in 2003. It gained popularity after two of its songs were featured in the film "Daredevil". It spawned hit singles like “Bring Me to Life” and “My Immortal”, helping Evanescence win two Grammy Awards. The album has sold more than 17 million copies worldwide. 

In 2006, Evanescence released their second studio album, "The Open Door", co-composed by Lee and guitarist Terry Balsamo. It was positively received, and debuted at #1 in the Billboard Hot 200 chart. It sold more than 447.000 copies in its first week. The album's third single, “Sweet Sacrifice”, received a Grammy nomination for Best Hard Rock Song. "The Open Door" has sold more than six million copies. 

In June 2009, the band began working music, but production was delayed amid label troubles. Their third album, "Evanescence" (2011), was the first album musically co-written as a band. It debuted at #1 in five "Billboard" charts, including the Hot 200 and Rock Albums charts. Lead single “What You Want” was released to positive critical reception. Evanescence left their record label and became an independent band in 2014. In 2017, they released their first remix album, the orchestral and electronica "Synthesis". After pandemic delays, the band released their fourth studio album, "The Bitter Truth", in 2021. 

Evanescence co-founders singer-songwriter and pianist Amy Lee and guitarist Ben Moody met at a youth camp in 1994 in Little Rock, Arkansas. 

After that, they started writing music together. Two of their songs were played on the local radio station and listeners wanted them to do a concert. They later appeared live and became a popular act in their area.

They chose "Evanescence" as a name for their band because Lee thought "it is mysterious and dark, and places a picture in the listener' mind." Evanescence means "to disappear" or "to fade away".

Lee and Moody released two EPs - "Evanescence" EP (1998) and "Sound Asleep" (1999) EP - and a demo CD called "Origin" (2000). Some of the songs on "Fallen" can be found on their previous independent records, like "Imaginary", "My Immortal", and "Whisper".

Evanescence was signed by Wind-up Records in 2001. 

After their debut studio album "Fallen" was completed, the tour lineup was hired, including rhythm guitarist John LeCompt, drummer Rocky Gray, and bassist Will Boyd. The first two were friends of Moody.

"Fallen" became a worldwide success, and spent 43 weeks on the Billboard top 10 charts. It sold over 15 million copies and was certified 7x platinum in the United States. It is also one of the eight albums to stay for at least a year within the Billboard Top 50 charts.

"Bring Me to Life" which won a Grammy award for Best Hard Rock Performance in 2004. "My Immortal" was nominated for a Grammy in 2005. The other two singles are Going Under and Everybody’s Fool. All four songs had videos to promote them.

Ben Moody left the band while they were touring in Europe. The reason given for this is because of creative differences with Lee. Terry Balsamo replaced Moody as Evanescence's lead guitarist.

In 2004, Evanescence released Anywhere but Home, their first live album. It includes a concert in Paris, some behind-the-scenes features, and the single "Missing", which reached #1 in Spain. The CD also had three live songs, "Breathe No More", "Farther Away", and the band's cover of Korn's Thoughtless.

The band entered the studio in September 2005 to start recording songs for the second album, "The Open Door". After finishing recording, Will Boyd left the band in 2006 for "not wanting to do another big tour" and for wanting "to be close to his family". He was replaced by Tim McCord.

"The Open Door" is the band's first album to reach #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 charts. The album had four singles with videos, which are Call Me When You're Sober, Lithium, "Sweet Sacrifice" and Good Enough. In 2008, "Sweet Sacrifice" was nominated for a Grammy Award.

The first tour of "The Open Door" was held in countries such as the United States, Canada, Japan and Australia. In the second tour, they returned to the US and had more concerts there. They also joined the Family Values Tour 2007 with the band Korn and the Argentinean festival Quilems Rock 07 with the bands Aerosmith and Velvet Revolver. In May 2007, touring rhythm guitarist John LeCompt was fired and drummer Rocky Gray left the band. They were replaced by former Dark New Day guitarist Troy McLawhorn and drummer Will Hunt.

Lee announced in June 2009 that the band was working on a new album. She described the music of the initially sessions as "dark, sarcastic, fun, strange, familiar and very different at the same time". She was collaborating with Will "Science" Hunt and Balsamo in writing for the album.

The band played a sold-out "secret show" at the Manhattan Center Grand Ballroom in New York City on November 4, 2009, along with label-mates Civil Twilight. The tickets sold out in five minutes. Lee told the audience that the bands' appearance was a warm-up for their headlining appearance at the Maquinária festival in São Paulo, Brazil, which took place on November 8. The Maquinária show featured an intro containing a brief sample of the bands' new music. 

Evanescence entered the studio on February 22, 2010 to begin recording and chose Steve Lillywhite to produce the album. Will "Science" Hunt participated as a programmer. Despite his collaboration with Lee on most songs of the album, he eventually didn't join the band. The album was initially more electronic music-oriented and slated for a late 2010 release. However, according to Lee, Lillywhite "wasn't the right fit" and the music "wasn't coming together right". He was eventually replaced by producer Nick Rasculinecz and the band started over with writing new material and developing songs from the previous session.

In June, Lee announced that the band have temporarily left the studio to work further on the songs and that their label company was going through "uncertain times", which could delay the release of the album. She stated that the band would return to the studio "soon enough". Evanescence reentered the studio in early April 2011 with producer Nick Rasculinecz. The album was speculated to be released in fall 2011. After the change of producers, Lee indicated that the album would be heavier in its sound. She also noted the band's growing participation in the songwriting process, saying that she felt like she was "finally in a real band". In June, Lee announced that the new release date for the album was October 4, 2011.



Parliament of England

The Parliament of England was the legislature of the Kingdom of England. Its roots go back to the early medieval period. It took over more and more from the power of the monarch. Its existence ended in 1707. 

After the Act of Union 1707 became the main part of the Parliament of Great Britain, and later the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The other nations of the United Kingdom (Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland) each has a legislature of its own. This is called devolution. England does not have such a legislature today.

The origin of Parliament can be found in the times of the Anglo-Saxons. Anglo-Saxon kings were advised by a council known as the "Witenagemot", to which belonged the King's sons and brothers. 

The Ealdormen, or executive heads of the shire and the senior clergymen of the state, had seats as well. The King still had the highest authority, but laws were made only after seeking the advice (and, in later times, the consent) of the "Witenagemot".

The royal council slowly grew into a Parliament. The first time the word "Parliament" can be found in official documents was during Henry III's reign. It was still mostly informal, and not an official body. The right to vote in Parliamentary elections for county constituencies was the same everywhere in the country, giving a vote to everyone who owned the freehold of land to a rent of 40 shillings a year (Forty-shilling Freeholders). 

The rise of Parliament's power was slowed down by civil war between Stephen and Empress Matilda. By the end of the Wars of the Roses, the king had the strongest authority again. The Crown was at the height of its power during the reign of Henry VIII. 

The great struggle between the Crown and Parliament happened under James I's successor, Charles I. The House of Commons sent Charles the Petition of Right, demanding to have their rights again, in 1628. Though he accepted the petition, he later closed Parliament and ruled without them for eleven years. It was only after he had money problems as a result of war, that he was forced to call Parliament so they could authorise new taxes. The new Parliament was quite rebellious, so the king shut them down after only three weeks; this was called the Short Parliament. But this did not help the king with his money problem, so he realized that he would need to call another Parliament. Their struggle for power with the king led to the English Civil War. Those supporting the Parliament were called Parliamentarians or 'Roundheads'. In 1649, Charles was put to death by the Rump Parliament and replaced by the military dictator Oliver Cromwell. After Cromwell's death, however, the monarchy was restored in 1660. 

Following the Restoration, monarchs agreed to regularly call Parliament. But there was no clear guarantee of Parliamentary liberties until James II, an unpopular Catholic ruler, was forced to flee the country in 1688. Parliament decided that he had given up his crown, and offered it to his Protestant daughter Mary, instead of his Catholic son. Mary II ruled together with her husband, William III.

Following the Treaty of Union in 1707, the Parliament of England and the Parliament of Scotland made acts of parliament which made a new United Kingdom of Great Britain. The existence of both parliaments came to an end. The new legislature was the new Parliament of Great Britain. Its home was the Palace of Westminster, the old home of the old Parliament of England.




United States Bill of Rights

The Bill of Rights is the name for the first ten amendments to the United States Constitution, which limit the power of the federal government and guarantee citizens of the United States certain rights. The amendments were written in 1789 by James Madison, and were based on important ideas about personal rights. The Bill of Rights went into effect in 1791, when 3/4 of the states agreed that they were fair. Originally, the Bill of Rights had 12 different amendments, but the first two were not passed by enough states. The second amendment that was not passed was eventually added to the Constitution in 1992, becoming the 27th amendment in the Constitution.

""Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof...""

""...or abridging the freedom of speech""

""...or of the press""

""...or of the right of the people to peaceably assemble...""

""...and to petition the government for redress of grievances.""

The conclusion of the BOR were that the constitution will work and America will be successful.
""A well regulated Militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed."" 

""No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house he consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law.""

""The right of the people to be secure in their, houses, writing papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated...""

""...and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the people or things to be seized.""

""No person shall be held to answer for any capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time of War or public danger...""

""...nor shall any person be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb...""

""...nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself...""

""nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.""


""In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district where in the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law...""

""...and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor...""

""...and to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defense.""


""In suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any court of the United States, than according to the rules of the common law.""


""Excessive bail shall not be required...""

""nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.""


""The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.""


""The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.""


Paula Radcliffe

Paula Jane Radcliffe (born 17 December 1973) is a British long-distance runner. She is the current women's IAAF world record holder for the marathon with a time of 2:17:42 hours. She also ran the IAAF women's world best time of 2:15:25 hours. She is a three-time winner of the London Marathon, two-time New York Marathon champion, and won the 2002 Chicago Marathon.

Radcliffe is a former world champion for the marathon, half marathon and cross country races. She has also been European champion over 10,000 metres on the track and over the cross country races. On the track, Radcliffe has also won the 10,000 metres silver medal at the 1999 World Athletics Championships and was the 2002 Commonwealth Games gold medalist over 5,000 metres. Radcliffe has won many awards including the BBC Sports Personality of the Year, Laureus World Comeback of the Year, IAAF World Athlete of the Year, AIMS World Athlete of the Year (three times) and a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE).

Radcliffe is an asthmatic sufferer who has voiced her opposition to the use of drugs in sport. She is married to her coach, Gary Lough, and has two children. Radcliffe is the great niece of Charlotte Radcliffe, who won an Olympic silver medal in the 1920 Games.

Radcliffe has often made comments about drugs in sport. Radcliffe backed the IAAF after Olga Yegorova was caught using drugs. Radcliffe and team-mate Hayley Tullett caused trouble in the heats of the 5,000 metres at the 2001 World Athletics Championships. They held up a sign protesting against Yegorova. Yegorova had been caught using, EPO, but was allowed to race. The sign was made by Radcliffe's husband and said 'EPO Cheats Out'. It was taken off them by the stadium officials. But not before it was seen on television. Team mates Kathy Butler and Hayley Yelling also demonstrated in the final. They were seen wearing Radcliffe masks and held up signs, one of which said 'Free Paula'. Radcliffe said after the Championships that she would continue her fight against drugs in sport. Radcliffe wears a red ribbon when racing to show her support for blood testing as a method of catching drugs cheats. Radcliffe first wore the ribbon at the 1999 European Cup. This was encouraged by Blandine Bitzner-Ducret. At the end of 2001 Radcliffe was given the choice not to race against Yegorova in televised meetings in the United Kingdom.

During Radcliffe's highly successful 2002 season, foreign media, were convinced that she was taking drugs. But Radcliffe asked UK Sport to reveal her drugs tests. They showed that she had been tested five times and on each occasion was clean. Radcliffe said she was unhappy with the whispers coming from French newspaper L'Equipe. She asked for the IAAF to conduct random blood and urine samples before the Chicago marathon. She also asked them to freeze the samples so when tougher testers are developed they can prove that she ran clean. One of her blood samples were deemed suspicious by a doping agency. Paula however said she was innocent and not a cheater.

Paula Radcliffe was born to Peter and Pat Radcliffe. She was born on the 17 December 1973 in Cheshire. Radcliffe is the great-niece of 1920 Olympic Silver medalist Charlotte Radcliffe. Radcliffe has a brother. Martin. He is two years younger than her. Radcliffe's family moved to Oakley, Bedfordshire when she was 11. Radcliffe achieved four A levels at grade A in French, German, Maths and General Studies, while at Sharnbrook Upper School in Sharnbrook, Bedfordshire. Radcliffe had a choice between Loughborough and Cambridge for University. She chose Loughborough. In 1996 she finished her degree a few months early so she could prepare for the Olympic Games.

Radcliffe met her husband Gary Lough at Loughborough University. At University Radcliffe studied French, German and economics. She left university with a first-class honours degree in modern European studies. Lough and Radcliffe married in 2000. They have two children. In 2007 they had their first child, Isla. Their second child, Raphael, was born on 29 September 2010. But had to be resuscitated as he had his Umbilical cord wound round his neck. Radcliffe first said of wanting to start a family in.

In the 2002 Queen's Birthday Honours, Radcliffe was awarded an MBE. In October she was given her MBE saying; "It means a great deal to me, it's a great honour and it really tops off an amazing year. To come here and receive this and to meet the Queen at the end of it just finishes it off perfectly." Radcliffe became the first Britain in 2006 to win the Abebe Bikila Award. At the end of 2010 Radcliffe was voted England Athletics athlete of the decade.



Ramsay MacDonald

James Ramsay MacDonald (; 12 October 18669 November 1937) was a British politician and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom three times. He helped to build the Labour Party and became its first Prime Minister in 1924. His third period as Prime Minister was during the crisis of the Great Depression, when he formed a "National Government" in which a majority of MPs were from the British Conservative Party. He was expelled from the Labour Party.

MacDonald was an illegitimate child. He was born in Lossiemouth, Scotland. He graduated from elementary school and then high school.

Later he worked as a teacher for some time in his high school. In 1885, MacDonald became a member of the Social Democratic Federation.

In 1886, he moved to London, where he became an accountant. On November 13, 1887, MacDonald witnessed Bloody Sunday, after which he published a pamphlet. For some time, MacDonald was also interested in Scottish politics among Scots in London and spoke in support of Scotland for Scotland. At the same time, MacDonald received an evening education at the Birkbeck Literary and Scientific Institution, but shortly before the exams he had to give up his education due to nervous exhaustion.

The main achievement of the first MacDonald government was the realization by the British that Labor did not intend to carry out radical changes, but was ready to act for the common good. At the same time, due to lack of public support and a lack of seats in the House of Commons, Labor had not been able to do much of what it had said it would do - in particular, there was no widespread nationalization and community service.

22nd century

The 22nd century will begin on January 1, 2101 and end on December 31, 2200.


Condition

Condition or conditions can mean:

Human migration

Human migration is people moving from one place to another. Migration can be within countries or between countries, and it often involves large groups of people. Humans are known to have migrated extensively throughout history and prehistory.

Sometimes, the movement is voluntary, but sometimes, people are forced to move. They may suffer warfare, religious and political persecution, famine, and other natural disasters.

When people are forced to move, they are refugees. Many refugees are illegal immigrants and more than half are children and women. They may live in extreme poverty, lacking food, shelter, clothing, education and medical care.

Rural-urban migration, or urbanisation, is the movement from country areas to towns and cities. There are many reasons for people leaving the countryside. Often, they are overpopulation, high birth rates, and starvation. Mechanization has caused a reduction in jobs available in the countryside.

Farming is hard work, with long hours and little pay. Many are subsistence farmers. In developing countries, a lack of money means a lack of machinery. Natural disasters, such as droughts, hurricanes, floods and volcanic eruptions, destroy villages and crops. There is a lack of services like schools and hospitals in the countryside.

People move because they are looking for better-paid jobs and a higher quality of life. They have a better chance of services such as schools, medical treatment and entertainment. People are also attracted often by the advantages of a cosmopolitan lifestyle such as shops, restaurants, theatres, and nightlife.

Many arrive with little money and so cannot buy or rent a house, even if one is available. They must usually make a temporary shelter with cheap or use materials. Some give up and go home.
Many children of migrant worker struggle for education.

In the new country, they often are not integrated and are treated like an underclass. However, they are needed even if the local population does not like immigrants because they compete for the same jobs.
More people means more traffic and more crime. Immigrants help to build up cities, provide cheap labour, invest money, buy products and services, pay tax, and help companies compete.

The Proto-Indo-Europeans migrated many times between 4000 and 1000 BC, according to the Kurgan hypothesis.
The movement of populations in modern times has continued under the form of both voluntary migration within one's region, country, or beyond, and involuntary migration, which includes slave trade, human trafficking, and ethnic cleansing. The people who migrate are called migrants or, more specifically, emigrants, immigrants or settlers, depending on the historical setting, circumstance, and perspective.

Many people have died while migrating.


Malignant

In medicine, malignant is a clinical word that is used to describe an illness that kills a patient fast. A malignant tumor is a tumor that is able to invade nearby tissues and spread to tissues that are not nearby. Not all patients diagnosed with malignant tumors die, because of the improved treatments available. The actual prognosis depends on the type of tumor, its differentiation, and how bad the disease is. The term malignant is typically applied to neoplasms that show aggressive behavior characterized by local invasion or distant metastasis.

Advice

Advice may refer to:


Advice (constitutional)

In constitutional law, Advice is formal, usually binding instruction given by a constitutional officer of state to another. Heads of state in particular act on the basis of Advice issued by governments and prime ministers. For example, Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom formally appoints Ministers of the Crown on the advice of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. 

Laney Amplification

Laney Amplification is a company from Great Britain that makes guitar and bass guitar amplifiers. It was founded in 1967 when Lyndon Laney started to make amplifiers in his parents' garage. Laney is popular for its good quality amplifiers for low prices.


Council

Council in general means a body that has the right to give advice or to administer.

It could also mean:

In politics:

Specific organizations:

Places:

In other fields:


Kellyjackie

Jackie Chan Hiu-ki (陳曉琪), also known as Kellyjackie (born 23 August, 1986), is a Hong Kong citizen who enjoys singing as a hobby. She is also a member of a band called the Royals. She likes the pop singer Kelly Chen, so she puts "Kelly" in her nickname.

She was a secondary school student before 2005. She started to put her songs on the Internet from the age of 13, although she mostly sang other singers' songs. After about one year, she started writing her own songs. Her own first song was "Lucky Voice" which, like her other songs, was put on the Internet for others to listen.

In January 2005, she wrote the song "He invites me to Disneyland" (他約我去迪士尼) to ease her exam stress. She got the ideas of the song from the story Sleeping Beauty.

She uploaded her song "He invites me to Disneyland" to her band's forum, her Xanga site, i010.com and also cmidi.com for free downloading by Internet users. The song became very famous with the help of the Internet within a few weeks. The song was also number 1 of Yahoo! Hong Kong's Top Searches (搜尋人氣榜) for some time. Some DJs also played the song on the radio. Many people were happy about her, although some also thought she did not have good singing skills.

When the Hong Kong Disneyland opened, the "Hong Kong Disneyland -The Grand Opening Celebration Album" (香港迪士尼樂園開幕紀念大碟) was sold in public. Kellyjackie and Kelly Chen sang "He invites me to Disneyland" together in the album.

European Parliament

The European Parliament (formerly European Parliamentary Assembly or Common Assembly) is the parliament of the European Union (EU). EU citizens elect its members once every five years. Together with the Council of Ministers, it is the law-making branch of the institutions of the Union. It meets in two locations: Strasbourg and Brussels .

The Parliament has 751 members, called "MEPs". Each member speaks for a place in Europe, for example Paris, Denmark or Sicily. Anyone can be elected, they are elected by all the EU citizens, the people who are citizens of a country in the EU. People have been elected to Parliament since 1979, before that they came from the Parliaments of each country. Because MEPs come from different countries, they speak different languages (24 in 2013) at Parliament. They have a protected right to first language (multilingualism), and the Parliament needs many interpreters.

Unlike other international groups of politicians, MEPs do not sit in groups of countries, but they sit next to people who they share ideas with. The two largest groups are the "European People's Party-European Democrats" and the "Party of European Socialists". But these groups work together to agree, so they do not fight to make a law if the other group dislike it.

The European Parliament's power depends on which area of the EU it is working in. The EU has three areas, the "Community", its representation to other countries, and things to do with police and courts. In the last two areas, it can not do much as the Council takes care of those issues, but in the Community (which is the largest area) it can change or stop any law. But the council also has to agree, and sometimes they disagree and cannot make a law.

While Parliament can change a law, it cannot start a new one, it has to ask the European Commission to do that. The European Commission works on everyday work and the Parliament has to make sure it does its job properly, if it does not Parliament can make them all leave their jobs or not allow them to spend the EU budget.

When the Parliament wants to make a new law, they all vote at the same time. But before then, they make many small changes while talking with experts who know about the things that the new law will change. As in other parliaments, they do this in small meetings known as "Committees" of between 28 and 86 MEPs.

The Parliament has a President. The President is elected by the MEPs, two times every two and a half years, to organise the meetings and speak for the Parliament when meeting other leaders. Since 2022, the president has been Roberta Metsola of Malta.

The Parliament was made in 1952 and was then called the "Common Assembly". At this time, it did not have any power, it was only asked to comment on laws made by the "European Coal and Steel Community". In 1957, it was renamed the "European Parliamentary Assembly" and got to comment on the laws of the "European Economic Community" and the "European Atomic Energy Community". Over the following years, it was given a few powers over laws and money and it called itself the "European Parliament" in the 1960s. It wanted to be elected so it could do more, as if people voted for the people in Parliament, the Council and Commission would have to pay more attention to it (this is known as "Democratic Legitimacy", the idea that your voice is worth more if you have lots of people supporting from an election).

In 1979 it held its first election, and it gained more powers and also members because more countries joined the Communities and they elected people as well. In 1993 it was given even more, and power over the commission, when the European Union took the place of the Communities. It is now known as one of the most powerful Parliaments in the world.


Council of the European Union

The Council of the European Union "(often called Council of Ministers or just Council)" is one of the three organisations that manage the European Union. Along with the European Parliament, it is responsible for law making for the European Union (EU).

Its members are the government ministers of the member countries who are responsible for the law that is being discussed. As an example, suppose the law is going to be about farming, then the Agriculture Ministers are the council for that day.

As well as making laws, they can meet to discuss their problems. For example, the European Union does not decide on tax - each country decides on its own tax. But the Finance Ministers meet anyway because sometimes they can help each other catch people who do not want to pay tax at all.

The council is called different things in different countries, according to the language they speak (for example in French it is "Conseil de l'Union Européenne" and in German it is "Rat der Europäischen Union"). It is also known internationally, and so it appears on its logo, with the Latin word Consilium.

A simple way of putting it, is that The 'Council of the European Union' is helped by most countries in the world and it is very important.

European Commission

The European Commission (officially called the Commission of the European Communities) is one of the seven organisations that manage the European Union (EU). The Commission manages the day-to-day running of the EU and writes laws, like a government. Laws written by the commission are discussed and changed by the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union. The Commission sits in Brussels.

The commission is made of 27 people, one from each of the countries in the EU. One of these people is the President, who was chosen by the Council and Parliament, he decides (with each country) who the other members are and what they do. Each one has a different job, such as looking after industry or trade. If they do not do their job properly, the President can remove them. If he does not, or if the President does not do his job, the Parliament can remove the whole Commission from their jobs (this only happened in 1999).

The name Commission can also mean the 25,000 people who work for the President and his team. They follow the commission's instructions in looking after the EU or writing a new law. It works in three languages, English, French and German.

The first Commission was created in 1952 and was called the "High Authority". But the modern Commission was created in 1957 and since then has had twelve Presidents;


Deep Ng

Deep Ng (吳浩康; born 吳偉男 on 13 June 1983) is a Hong Kong singer and actor of the Emperor Entertainment Group.

He was fined 5,000 USD because of keeping cocaine (an illegal drug). 

He was charged of beating Chim Chi Kin at the Boozeroo Pub in Tsim Sha Tsui on 11 July 2005. On November 21, 2005, the court ruled that he did not committed the crime, because what the victim said seemed not to match his own words.

Deep also acted in movies like "New Police Story". He is also famous for his number 1 hit song, "Select the Breakup Day" (擇日失戀). A new album, "Nowhere" (pronounced as Now-here), was sold in public in September 2005. This album was seen as a comeback for Deep after a number of bad news. He also had another new album, "Documentary", in 2006.



Needle aspiration biopsy

Needle aspiration biopsy (NAB), also known as fine needle aspiration cytology (FNAC), fine needle aspiration biopsy (FNAB) and fine needle aspiration (FNA), is a medical procedure performed to diagnose certain kinds of medical conditions, such as lumps in the neck. A thin needle is inserted into a mass or lump to extract cells that will be examined under a microscope. Fine needle aspiration biopsies are very safe, minor surgical procedures. Often, a major surgical (excisional or open) biopsy can be avoided by performing a needle aspiration biopsy instead.

Ultrasound

Ultrasound is a type of sound with a frequency higher than humans can hear. This frequency, the upper limit of human hearing, is approximately 20,000 hertz (20 kilohertz).

Some animals, such as dogs, dolphins, bats, and mice, are able to hear sounds which have a frequency higher than upper-limit of the human ear. This makes them able to hear ultrasounds. Children can hear some high-pitched sounds that older adults cannot hear, as in humans the upper limit pitch of hearing gets lower as a person gets older. This frequency limit is caused by the middle ear that acts as a low-pass filter. If ultrasound is fed directly into the skull bone and reaches the cochlea without passing through the middle ear, much higher frequencies (up to about 200 kHz) can be heard. This effect (sometimes called ultrasonic hearing) was first discovered by divers exposed to a high-frequency (ca. 50 kHz) sonar signal.

Medical ultrasonography is commonly used during pregnancy. Ultrasound is generally thought of as a "safe test" because it does not use destructive ionizing radiation like x-rays.

Ultrasonic cleaners are sometimes mistakenly called supersonic cleaners. They are used at frequencies from 20 to 40 kHz for jewellery, lenses and other optical parts, watches, dental instruments, surgical instruments and industrial parts. An ultrasonic cleaner works by the energy released from the collapse of millions of tiny (microscopic) bubbles near the dirty surface. The bubbles are formed by cavitation and collapse, forming small jets directed at the surface.

Oncology

Oncology is the medical specialty that deals with the study and treatment of cancer. A doctor that practices oncology is called an oncologist. The term originates from the Greek onkos (ονκος), meaning bulk, mass, or tumour; and the suffix -ology, meaning "study of."

Data migration

Data migration is a term computer scientists and economists use when they speak about moving data from one location to another, one format to another, or one application to another. It can also mean that files, or folders with documents, or databases are moved from one server to another. This might be that because several databases are merged into one, or because the databases are reorganized. 

It is usually an automated process, supported by data migration tools. If the data structure is complex, the migration may be separated in several phases that are carried out one after the other.

Green Bay Packers

The Green Bay Packers are an American football team in the National Football League (NFL). They live in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Their home field is Lambeau Field. 

The Packers hold the record for the most NFL league championships. They have won 13 championships, including four Super Bowls. The Packers were named after the Indian Packing Company, a meat-packing company. Today, it is the only fan-owned team in the country's four major professional leagues. It is owned by a community-based group with more than 100,000 shareholders. Each shareholder is limited to holding 200 shares (out of about 5 million issued). The Packers are also the only team in the major professional leagues to release their balance sheet every year.


Amusement arcade

An amusement arcade (also called a video arcade or just arcade) is a place where people play arcade games such as video games, pinball machines, and slot machines. 
The earliest amusement arcades were called "penny arcades." They were opened in the nineteenth century. Penny arcades had game machines called "bagatelles", which were like billiards and pinball. Penny arcades were popular at amusement parks and fairs until around the 1950s. Around this time, the penny arcades were often replaced by more modern games of chance and skill. An example of the new machines were shooting galleries.

Videos were introduced in amusement arcades in the late 1970s. These were most popular during the early 1980s. Arcades became popular with young people. Many video arcades began closing in the late 1990s, as the technology of home video game consoles began to rival and eventually exceed that of arcade games. However, video arcades remained popular in Japan, where they are called game centers.

Ice age

An ice age is a period when for a long time the temperature of Earth's climate is very low. This leads to an expansion of the continental ice sheets, polar ice sheets and mountain glaciers.

'Ice age' is a term used in palaeoclimatology for the period of extensive ice sheets in the recent Pleistocene period. We now know that ice ages have happened a number of times in the past, the greatest and longest of which took place in the Proterozoic era, before multi-cellular eukaryotes evolved.

During ice ages the sea level drops as water is held in the great ice sheets at the poles. How much it drops depends on several factors, such as the length of time that a cold period lasts.

Within an ice age, there are stages. The longer cold stages are called glacials or glacial periods. The shorter warm periods are called interglacials. The last glacial ended about 11,000 years ago when the present interglacial started. The Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets still exist. The last two million years have been the Pleistocene ice age. During glacials, large and thick ice sheets cover much of the North American and Eurasian continents.

Many glacial periods that have occurred during the last few million years are initially at 40,000-year frequency, but more recently ice ages have occurred at 100,000-year frequency.

This data comes from a time when human beings had no effect on the climate, or virtually none. Therefore, it is technically correct to say that humans had no effect on global climate in the Earth's history. However, in recent centuries they have burned much fossil fuel, and this has partly been responsible for the present temperature rise. 



Saxons

The Saxons or Saxon people are (today) a part of the German people, with their main areas of settlements in the German States of Schleswig-Holstein, Lower Saxony, Westphalia, and the northeastern part of the Netherlands (Groningen, Drenthe, Twente, Salland, Veluwe and Achterhoek). 

First told about by the Ancient Greek geographer Jean Julien, the pre-Christian area of the Saxon people first covered an area a little more to the northwest, with parts of the southern Jutland , Old Saxony and small parts of the eastern Netherlands. During the 5th century AD, the Saxons were part of the people invading the Romano-British province of Britannia, and so formed the Anglo-Saxons.

Before Christianization, the Saxons had much native pre-Christian Germanic paganism. After Christianization, parts of this religion remained up to today in people who came from the Saxons.

The word 'Saxon' is thought to come from the word seax, meaning a mixture of single-edged knives. The Saxons were thought by Charlemagne, and some people who study history, to be very war-like and angry. 

Many of the words that we use today were created by the Saxons for example, radish. 

The Finnish and Estonian name for Germany, "Saksa", comes from the Saxons.


Białystok

Białystok is the largest city in northeastern Poland and is the capital of the Podlaskie Voivodeship. It is in the Podlaskie Plain on the banks of the Biała River in the Podlaskie region, known collectively as the "Green Lungs of Poland".

The city charter dates back to 1692, but settlement activity in the area dates back to the 14th century. Białystok has traditionally been one of the leading center of academic, cultural and artistic life in Podlaskie and is the most important economic center in northeastern Poland. The location of the city in the neighborhood of Belarus, Lithuania and Russia, with convenient transportation connections, creates excellent conditions for economic and cultural development of the city. The geographical and historical conditions helped to foster Białystok as a place where people of different cultures, religions and nationalities lived together for centuries. It has shaped the specific character of the city – openness, friendliness and hospitality.

Among cities of Poland, Białystok is second in terms of population density, eleventh in population, and thirteenth in area. The city and its adjacent municipalities constitute Metropolitan Białystok.

The city of Białystok has existed for five centuries. During all this time the fate of the city has passed between various political and economic forces. The various historically driven changes have had a very significant influence on the architectural space of the city. This activity relates to the fate of most other Polish cities, but the processes in Białystok had a particularly intense course. Numerous historic works of architecture no longer exist while many others have been rebuilt to their original configuration. The historic buildings of the city have not been preserved very well – the sights are merely an echo of the old historical shape of Białystok.

Over the course of the last 200 years, the city has been the capital of numerous administrative divisions of a number of countries or occupying powers;

Since 1999 it has been the capital of the Podlaskie Voivodeship, Republic of Poland.

Białystok is in the Białystok Uplands () of the Podlaskie Plain (), part of what is known collectively as the "Green Lungs of Poland". The Biała River, a left tributary of the Supraśl River, passes through the city.

The landscape of the Białystok Upland is diverse, with high moraine hills in excess of above sea level. Vast areas of outwash are occupied by forests, which created a number of nature reserves including Knyszyn Forest, of which a portion exists within the city limits.

The city has a Warm Summer Continental climate (Dfb) according to the Köppen climate classification system, which is characterized by warm temperatures during summer and long and frosty winters. It is substantially different from most of the other Polish lowlands. The region is one of the coldest in Poland, with the average temperature in January being . The average temperature in a year is . The number of frost days ranges from 50 to 60, with frost from 110 to 138 days and the duration of snow cover from 90 to 110 days. Mean annual rainfall values oscillate around , and the vegetation period lasts 200 to 210 days.

The city of Białystok is divided into 28 administrative units (Osiedla). The first 27 of these were created on October 25, 2004. The 28th, Dojlidy Górne, was created on October 23, 2006, out of three settlements which had been incorporated into the city: Dojlidy Górne, Kolonia Halickie, and Zagórki.

Metropolitan Białystok was designated by the Voivodeship of the Regulation No. 52/05 of 16 May 2005 in order to help economically develop the region. In 2006, the metropolitan area population was 450,254 inhabitants. It covers an area of . For one km, there are about 265 people. Among urban residents are more women – 100 men for every 108 women on average. The municipalities adjacent to Białystok are slowly losing their agricultural character, becoming residential suburban neighborhoods.

In June 2009, the population of the city was 294,399. Among cities of Poland, Białystok is second in terms of population density, eleventh in population, and thirteenth in area.

Historically, Białystok has been a destination for internal and foreign immigration, especially from Central and Eastern Europe. In addition to the Polish minority, there was a significant Jewish majority in Białystok. According to the Russian Empire Census of 1897, out of the total population of 66,000, Jews constituted 41,900 (around 63% percent). Białystok's pre-World War II Jewish population constituted about 63 percent of the city's total population of 107,000. World War II changed all of this. In 1939 ca. 107,000 persons lived in Białystok, but in 1946 – only 56,759, and to this day there is much less ethnic diversity than in the previous 300 years of the city's history. Currently the city's population is 97% Polish, 2.5% Belarusian and 0.5% of a number of minorities including Russians, Lipka Tartars, Ukrainians and Romani. Most of the modern-day population growth is based on internal migration and urbanization.

Białystok, like other major cities in Poland, is a city county ("powiat"). The Białystok City Council has 28 elected members, one of whom is the mayor, or President of Białystok, elected every four years. The election of the City Council and of the local head of government, which takes place at the same time, is based on legislation introduced on 20 June 2002. The current President of Białystok, elected for his first term in 2006, is Tadeusz Truskolaski.

It is also the seat of government for the Podlaskie Voivodeship. The city is represented by several members of both houses of the Polish Parliament (Sejm and Senat). Białystok is represented by the Podlaskie and Warmian-Masurian constituency of the European Parliament.

The 18th Reconnaissance Regiment of the Polish Land Forces is based in Białystok. The heritage of the unit was the former 18th Territorial Defense Battalion and prior to that the former 18th Mechanized Brigade.

The Podlaska Cavalry Brigade was a military unit of the Polish Army, created on April 1, 1937. Its headquarters was in Białystok. It was formed from the Cavalry Brigade "Białystok", which existed between February 1929, and March 30, 1937. After the Soviet invasion of Poland, remnants of the Brigade fought both Wehrmacht and Red Army troops, surrendering on October 6, 1939.

In the 19th century Białystok was an important center for light industry. This was the reason for the substantial growth of the city's population. The tradition continued with many garment factories established in the 20th century, such as "Fasty" in the district of Bacieczki. However, after the fall of communism in 1989 many of these factories faced severe problems and subsequently closed down. Currently Białystok is a major center for the developed machine industry (electronics, machinery and metal), wood, alcoholic beverages, building materials, glass factory and power generation.

The city lies close to the Polish border with Lithuania and Belarus, with the nearest border checkpoint with Belarus in Bobrowniki only away. Since the border with Belarus is also the eastern border of the European Union, as well as the Schengen Area, the city is a center for trade from countries to the east.

In 2010, Białystok was on the short-list, but ultimately lost the competition to become a finalist for European Capital of Culture in 2016.

Białystok is the largest cultural center in north-eastern Poland. Museums include the Historical Museum, the Museum of Sculpture Alfons Karny, and the Białystok Village Museum.

Approximately 32% of the city is occupied by green areas. Parks and squares and 1,779 ha of forest are located within the city which creates a unique and healthy climate. Within Białystok, there are two nature reserves with a total area of 105 ha, that are part of the Knyszyn Forest. Such a location of nature reserves in the immediate vicinity of the city is unique.

The city has a number of sports teams, both professional and amateur, and a number of venues across the city. Jagiellonia Białystok is a Polish football club, based in Białystok, that plays in Ekstraklasa league at the Białystok City Stadium. In 2010, Jagiellonia Białystok won the Polish Cup and the Super Cup, and qualified to play in the third round qualification of the UEFA Europa League. A new 22,500-seat stadium is expected to be completed by the end of 2012.

Białystok has a wide variety of media outlets serving the city and surrounding region. There are two locally published newspapers in addition to two national papers with local bureaus. There are a number of national and locally produced television and radio channels available both over-the-air from the nearby RTCN Białystok (Krynice) Mast, the seventh highest structure in Poland, in addition to transmitter sites within the city and on the cable television network within the city.

In the early 1900s, Białystok was reputed to have the largest concentration of Jews of all the cities in the world. In 1931, 40,000 Jews lived in the city, nearly half the city's inhabitants.
The city is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Białystok. Establishment of the Diocese and the Archdiocese and the cities of Białystok ended the period of the temporary church administration in the Białystok region owned lands over the centuries to the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vilnius, which after World War II remained in the Polish borders. The city is also the seat of the Białystok-Gdańsk Diocese of the Polish Orthodox Church. Białystok is the largest concentration of Orthodox believers in Poland.

The city is, and has been for centuries, the main hub of transportation for the Podlaskie Voivodeship and the entire northeastern section of Poland. It is a major city on the European Union roadways and railways to the Baltic Republics and Finland. It is also a main gateway of trade with Belarus due to its proximity to the border and its current and longstanding relationship with Hrodno, Belarus. Passenger trains connect from Suvalki (Poland), Hrodno and Lithuania to Warsaw and the rest of the European passenger network. An extensive public transportation system is provided within the city by bus services, but no tram or subway exists.

A civil airport, Białystok-Krywlany Airport, lies within the city limits, but does not provide regularly scheduled service. There are plans to build a new regional airport, "Białystok-Saniki Airport", in the next few years that will provide flights within Europe.

Higher education in the city can be traced back to the second half of the 18th century when the ownership of the city was inherited by Jan Klemens Branicki. As a patron of the arts and sciences, Branicki encouraged numerous artists and scientists to settle in Białystok to take advantage of Branicki's patronage. In 1745 Branicki established Poland's first military college, the School of Civil and Military Engineering, in the city.

Since the fall of communism many private-funded institutions of higher educations were founded and their number is still increasing. Currently Białystok is home to one principal public university (University of Białystok) and two other public specialist universities (Białystok Technical University and Medical University of Białystok). Some institutions, such as Musical Academy in Białystok, are branches of their parent institutions in other cities, usually in Warsaw.

Over the centuries Białystok has produced a number of persons who have provided unique contributions to the fields of science, language, politics, religion, sports, visual arts and performing arts. This environment was created in the mid-18th century by the patronage of Jan Klemens Branicki for the arts and sciences. A list of recent notable persons includes, but is not limited to:


Gdynia

Gdynia (, ) is a city in northern Poland in Pomeranian Voivodeship, and is an important and seaport of Gdańsk Bay on the south coast of the Baltic Sea. It has about 248 000 inhabitants and 135 km².

Mould

Mould (or mold) is a type of fungus. It grows in the form of multicellular filaments called "hyphae". In contrast, fungi that can adopt a single-celled growth habit are called yeasts.

Molds are a large group of fungi. The growth of their hyphae results in discoloration and a fuzzy appearance, especially on food. The network of these tubular branching hyphae, called a mycelium, is considered a single organism. 

Mould grows from spores, which float around in the air. 
There are thousands of different kinds. Some molds cause disease or food spoilage. Sometimes people use them to make some kinds of cheese. Many antibiotics are developed from natural anti-bacterial substance made by moulds.

Mold or mould, also sometimes referred to as mildew, is a fungal growth that develops on wet materials. Mold is a natural part of the environment and plays an important part in nature by breaking down dead organic matter such as fallen leaves and dead trees; indoors, mold growth should be avoided and proper inspection should be done for effective mold removal.

David James

David James (born 1 August 1970) is an English retired footballer. He last played for Kerala Blasters FC and England national team.

Liverpool

Portsmouth

AFC Bournemouth

Individual

Martin Adams

Martin Adams (born 1956) is an English professional darts player. His nickname is "Wolfie", referring to his hairy face and the fact that he likes wolves.

Adams is a top-ranked darts player. He is a three-time BDO World Champion and three-time World Masters champion. He was on the board of the British Darts Organisation for a short time.



Heterotroph

A heterotroph (Greek "heteros" = another and "trophe" = nutrition) is an organism that requires organic substrates to get its carbon for growth and development.

A heterotroph is known as a consumer in the food chain. Consumers are organisms that cannot make their own food supply. They use the food that producers make, or they eat other organisms. Animals are consumers. To stay alive, consumers must get food from other organisms. There are three types of consumers:Herbivores, Carnivores, and Omnivores.

Consumers that only eat plants are called herbivores. The word herbivore comes from the Latin words "herba", which means "grass or herb," and "vorare", which means "to eat." A giraffe is an example of a herbivorous consumer.

Consumers that only eat animals are called carnivores. The word comes from the Latin "carnis", which means "flesh", and "vorare", which means "to eat." A tiger is an example of a carnivorous consumer.

Consumers that eat both plants and animals are called omnivores. The word comes from the Latin "omnis", which means "all" and "vorare". Humans are a good example of an omnivorous consumer.


Pittsburgh Steelers

The Pittsburgh Steelers are an American football team in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, U.S.. They have won six Super Bowls in eight appearances. That is most that any team has won, tied with the New England Patriots. They have a rivalry with the Baltimore Ravens. Pittsburgh plays in the AFC North with Baltimore, the Cincinnati Bengals, and the Cleveland Browns.

The Steelers are most famous for their defense. In the 1970s, their defense was nicknamed the "Steel Curtain". It helped the Steelers to four Super Bowl wins. Other well-known Steelers defenses include the 1990s "Blitzburgh" defense and the 2000s defense (which was not nicknamed). The Steelers always have success so they are considered the best NFL team of all time. More recently, they acquired the best player in the NFL and single season sack record holder T.J. Watt. Other notable players on the team include quarterback Kenny Pickett, running back Najee Harris, wide receiver Diontae Johnson, wide receiver George Pickens, interior defensive lineman Cameron Heyward, free safety Minkah Fitzpatrick, and kicker Chris Boswell.


Alice Cooper

Alice Cooper (born February 4, 1948) is an American rock singer. Originally, there was a band called Alice Cooper led by a singer named Vincent Damon Furnier. The band was one of the creators of a very theatrical and violent type of heavy metal music that was designed to shock and would come to be known as "shock rock."

In 1974, Furnier legally changed his name to Alice Cooper and started making solo music. Cooper's solo career began with the 1975 album "Welcome to My Nightmare". Over the years Cooper has played many different musical styles.

Alice Cooper is known for his social and witty persona offstage. "The Rolling Stone Album Guide" referred to him as the world's most ""beloved"" heavy metal entertainer. He helped to shape the sound and look of heavy metal. Cooper is also credited as being one of the first to bring movie-like looks to the rock concert stage in the late 1960s.

Away from music, Cooper is also an actor, a golfer, a restaurant owner and a popular radio DJ.

Alice Cooper keeps his professional life and home life separate, to the extent that, when his children see him on televison, they say "That's Alice Cooper," and not "That's Dad."

Alice Cooper is one of the few performing artists who still has money earned in the 1970s.

Alice Cooper wears one half of a pair of matching padlocks, and his wife wears the the other half. This was part of their wedding ceremony, and if one wants to leave the marriage, they have to ask the other for the key.

The rock show, as it is known today, originated in Vincent Furnier's belief in what a rock show should be.

Alice Cooper lives on a budget agreed with his accountant.

Alice Cooper believes in personal hygiene, but uses only enough soap to clean himself, as he believes that too much soap is bad for your health.

Alice Cooper's mother used to send him $5.00 per week, as she believed that musicians do not make money.


Mold

A mold is a hollow shape which can be filled with a liquid which can harden or set and take the shape of the mold. 

Molds are used in cooking for jelly and cakes. 

They are also used in manufacturing, sometimes for very complex things. 

See also mould

Substrate

Substrate may mean:
Substrate may also mean:

Diagram

A diagram is usually a two-dimensional display which communicates using visual relationships. It is a simplified and structured visual representation of concepts, ideas, constructions, relations, statistical data, anatomy etc. It may be used for all aspects of human activities to explain or illustrate a topic.


In science the term is used in both ways. For example, Anderson (1997) stated more generally: "diagrams are pictorial, yet abstract, representations of information, and maps, line graphs, bar charts, engineering blueprints, and architects' sketches are all examples of diagrams, whereas photographs and video are not". On the other hand, Lowe (1993) defined diagrams as specifically "abstract graphic portrayals of the subject matter they represent".

Diagrams affect the mind so that the viewer comes to understand them, but not in the way one understands words. Visual thinking or problem-solving is very ancient, and largely automatic. One only has to remember that the brain puts together an image of the world around us based on sensory input, mostly sight. We do not make any conscious decisions: it is done without conscious thought. Diagrams most likely "tap in" to some of these ancient – but largely unknown – routines.

In fact these normally hidden brain processes do sometimes become apparent. When brain damage affects the visual cortex, or when visual illusions are created, are two classic examples.

The way some diagrams affect thinking is quite important. Mendeleev's periodic table summarised previous research on the elements. Far more important, though, was the way it suggested the properties of elements which were "not yet discovered". This diagram stimulated creative thought, and other examples from the history of science could be given: see Feynman diagram.



There are at least the following types of diagrams:

Schematics and other types of diagrams, e.g.,

Radom

Radom is a city in Poland in Masovian Voivodeship. About 229,000 people live in the city which covers an area of 111 km².

Kielce

Kielce is a city in Poland in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship. It has a population of about 215,000 inhabitants and 109 km² of land area.

Toruń

Toruń is a city in Poland in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship.

Districts of Toruń

Zabrze

Zabrze is a city in Poland in the Silesian Voivodeship. It has about 188,000 inhabitants and an area about 109 km².

Bytom

Bytom is a city in Poland in Silesian Voivodeship. About 193,000 people live there. The city is 69 km².

Gorzów Wielkopolski

Gorzów Wielkopolski is a city in Poland in Lubusz Voivodeship. It has about 125,000 inhabitants and is in size.

Zielona Góra

Zielona Góra () is a city in Poland in Lubusz Voivodeship. It has about 118 000 inhabitants and covers 58 km². Zielona Góra received status of city in 1323. 

Opole

Opole is the biggest city in Opole Voivodeship in the southwest part of Poland. The German name of the city is Oppeln, and the Czech name is Opolí. The Oder River goes through the city. It has about 128,000 people living in it and is 149 km² in area. The mayor of the city is Arkadiusz Wiśniewski.

Opole is over 1000 years old. It was originally a Slavic town. In 990 it became a Polish city. During the Middle Ages it became a German city. It was called Oppeln for a long time. After the Second World War the city once again became Polish, and the German citizens were forced to leave. It has been called by its Polish name Opole ever since.



Jutes

The Jutes were a Germanic people who are believed to have come from Jutland (called "Iutum" in Latin) in modern Denmark inclusive Southern Schleswig in Northern Germany and part of the Frisian coast. The Jutes, along with the Angles, Saxons and Frisians, were mentioned amongst the Germanic tribes who sailed across the North Sea to raid and eventually invade Great Britain. 

It is believed that the Jutes settled particularly in Kent and the Isle of Wight. The land where the Jutes, Angles, and Saxons settled became the country of England.


Grindcore

Grindcore is a type of heavy metal and hardcore punk music. It was invented in the 1980s by bands such as Napalm Death. Grindcore is a lot like black metal and death metal, but the guitar parts are very simple and are played over and over again in a song. The vocals are usually loud shouts and screams while the drums play fast and loud, around 200bpm. In most cases, grindcore songs will be very short in length - Napalm Death's song 'You Suffer' is the shortest in the world at 1.316 seconds long. Their lyrics are similar to death metal and hardcore punk, which usually sing about pain, suffering, blood, gore or politics, injustice and revolution.

One popular grindcore band is Anal Cunt, who go by "A.C." because their name has a sexual meaning. A.C. sings about racism, violence, and sexism. They produce very controversial songs such as 'You Were Pregnant So I Kicked You in the Stomach' and lyrics which make jokes of the Third Reich.

There are several offshoots of grindcore, including pornogrind, goregrind and deathgrind.

Lorette

Lorette may refer to the following places:


Cannibal Corpse

Cannibal Corpse is an American death metal band. The band was formed in Buffalo, New York in 1988 by Bob Russay, the first guitarist (who left the band in 1993). The band's lyrics draw heavily on horror fiction themes which consist of necrophilia, the living dead, serial killers, gore, suicide, rape, cannibalism, and death; and are highly controversial within the media. The bands' first 3 albums were banned in Europe until 2006 because of their graphic artwork. They are considered by many to be one of the most influential Death Metal bands in existence. Since their formation in 1988, they have undergone several line-up changes.





La Grand-Croix

La Grand-Croix is a town in France. It is near Lorette and Saint-Paul-en-Jarez.

Saint-Paul-en-Jarez

Saint-Paul-en-Jarez is a town in France. It is near La Grand-Croix and Saint-Chamond.

Saint-Chamond

Saint-Chamond is a town in France. It is near Saint-Paul-en-Jarez and Saint-Jean-Bonnefonds.

Guayana Esequiba

Guayana Esequiba is the name Venezuela gives to a region that it claims in the west of Guyana. Its area is 159,500 square kilometers. For Guyana, this area is divided into the six administrative regions of Barima-Waini, Cuyuni-Mazaruni, Pomeroon-Supenaam, Potaro-Siparuni, Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo and Essequibo Islands-West Demerara. 
The dispute over this territory is guided by "the Geneva Agreement", which was signed by the United Kingdom, Venezuela, and British Guiana in the year of 1966. According to this treaty, all parties are to find a practical, peaceful and satisfactory solution to the dispute. If no progress is made, the matter is to be sent to an "appropriate international organ" or, if this cannot be agreed upon either, to the Secretary-General of the United Nations. The Secretary-General took the dispute to the International Court of Justice. On 18 December 2020, the ICJ accepted the case .

The Essequibo river was discovered by Spanish explorers and the region was colonized by the Dutch who made settlements and plantations in the area. For hundreds of years, disputes over the land occurred but no official boundary was agreed upon between the Spanish and Dutch. A significant portion of the Dutch land was later given to the British in 1814. 

Historically, Venezuela claimed a majority of the land west of the Essequibo river. Britain and Venezuela argued over the boundary between British Guiana and Venezuela for much of the 19th century. In 1895, after Britain expanded further west, Venezuela sought help from the United States of America to resolve the border dispute. Britain was pressured by the United States of America to negotiate with Venezuela and both presented their case to an arbitration committee in Paris. Britain and Venezuela accepted the decision of the Tribunal in 1899 and finalized their border in 1905.

Venezuela reluctantly agreed to the border but, internally within the country, there was disappointment with the result. Venezuela raised the issue again in 1962, four years before Guyana won independence from Britain. At a meeting in Geneva in 1966, the two countries agreed to hear ideas from a representative of the UN Secretary General on ways to settle the dispute peacefully. There are still diplomatic contacts between the two countries and the Secretary General's representative.

Venezuelan maps drawn since 1970 show all the area from the eastern bank of the Essequibo, including the islands in the river, as Venezuelan territory. On some maps, the western Essequibo region is called the "Zone of Reclamation".

Sudeley Castle

Sudeley Castle is a castle near Winchcombe, Gloucestershire, England, United Kingdom. It was built in 1441 by Ralph Boteler, who had the castle taken from him by Edward IV of England. Edward gave Sudeley Castle to his brother, who later became Richard III of England, who then gave it to his uncle Jasper Tudor, Duke of Bedford.

By the time of Henry VIII of England the castle was the property of the Crown again. It had been visited by Henry in 1535, with his second wife Anne Boleyn, but it had been empty and unattended for some time. When Henry died the castle became the property of his son, Edward VI of England, who gave it to his uncle, Thomas Seymour. Thomas was made Lord of Sudeley and married the King's stepmother, Catherine Parr. During this time Thomas began to rebuild the castle for Catherine's use, but only one room that he had built remains today.

Seymour and Catherine moved into the castle and brought with them ladies to attend on the Queen Dowager, as well as gentlemen of the household and Yeomen of the guard. The castle was then home to over 100 people. Another famous figure who came to live in the castle of Lady Jane Grey, who was a ward of Seymour's, as well as the young Elizabeth I of England.

Catherine died after she had given birth to a daughter, Mary, at Sudeley Castle and was buried in its St. Mary's Chapel. Her grave was discovered in 1728 after the castle and the chapel had been left in ruins by the English Civil War. She was buried again by the Rector of Sudeley in 1817. 

Seymour's ambitions led to him being arrested and beheaded, after which Sudeley Castle became the property of Catherine's brother William Parr, who was the Marquess of Northampton. Parr had his property and title taken away after being involved in the failed attempt to make Lady Jane Grey Queen of England.

In 1554 Mary I of England gave Sudeley Castle to John Brydges, Lord Chandos and it remained as his property throughout the reign of Elizabeth I of England. Elizabeth was entertained three times at Sudeley Castle, which including a spectacular feast in 1592 to celebrate the anniversary of the defeat of the Spanish Armada.

Godfather trilogy

The Godfather trilogy refers to the three Mafia movies directed by Francis Ford Coppola about the fictional Corleone crime family;

Without You (Badfinger song)

"Without You" is a song written by musicians Peter Ham and Tom Evans, which has become a standard since it was first recorded in 1970.

Ham and Evans were members of the rock band Badfinger, and they combined the verse of one unfinished song with the chorus of another, to complete "Without You". Badfinger included their version of the song on their second album, "No Dice", which was released in 1970. Apple Records was Badfinger's record label, and the song was published by a related company, Apple Music.

The song got little attention at first, but when Harry Nilsson recorded a of it, his single became a worldwide hit. Nilsson, Ham and Evans all reached career peaks, and Nilsson won a Grammy Award for his recording.

"Without You" became, and remains, very popular around the world. Many other artists have recorded the song, and several have had hits with it, including Mariah Carey. Apple Music lost the American rights to the song, early in the 21st century.

Apple Records

Apple Records was a record label founded in 1968, started by The Beatles. It was a division of the Beatles's company Apple Corps. EMI served as distributors for Apple.

Recording artists who appeared on the Apple label included James Taylor, Mary Hopkin, Badfinger, Billy Preston, Yoko Ono, and members of the Beatles before and after their breakup in 1970.

While the Beatles and their business associates had high hopes for Apple at first, the tensions that caused the Beatles to split also hurt the label. Many of the records released on Apple failed to become popular, either because they did not go over well with listeners, or were not given the promotion they needed or deserved to become hit records. James Taylor "walked out" on his Apple Records contract, and signed with Warner Bros., where he began a long string of hits. Mary Hopkin retired from music after completing her contract. Billy Preston and Badfinger moved on to other record labels.

Apple Records released the last of its non-Beatles records in 1973, and when their distribution deal with EMI ended in 1975, the label went out of business.

The label came back into business in the late 1980s, when the Beatles's music first appeared on compact disc. In 1992, most of Apple's other music also began to appear on CD. Yoko Ono's Apple recordings were not reissued by the label, because her husband John Lennon (a member of the Beatles) had to buy them back from Apple as part of a business settlement. After his death in 1980, Ono became the owner of the recordings. She later reissued them through another label, called Rykodisc.

Apple Records no longer signs new artists or groups, but new Beatles issues continue to appear on the Apple label.

Germanic peoples

The Germanic peoples are a linguistic and ethnic branch of Indo-European peoples. They came from Northern Europe and are identified by their use of the Germanic languages. During the migration period Germanic peoples spread throughout Europe, mixing with existing local populations (like Celts, Slavs/Vends, and Romans). They eventually formed the basis of many nations. These nations are connected by similar languages, common history, and culture.

The Latin word "Germani" was first used by Julius Caesar.

The Germanic tribes did not have a name for themselves that described all Germanic-speaking people. In English, "German" is first attested in 1520, replacing earlier use of "Almain" or "Dutch". Today, in English, “Dutch” means the language or people of the Netherlands.

In the 1st century CE, Roman authors like Caesar and Tacitus wrote that Germanic-speaking peoples had divided into tribal groupings. The different tribes lived in different areas:

The Irminones, Ingvaeones, and Sons of Mannus Istvaeones are called West Germanic tribes. The Germanic people who remained in Scandinavia called North Germanic. The groups all developed separate dialects, which eventually developed into different Germanic languages.

The Germanic peoples did not call themselves West Germanic, East Germanic, or North Germanic. Those categories were created in modern times.

Each Germanic tribe was politically independent, under a hereditary king. Each tribe had a myth about who first created the tribe. For example, myths stated:


Some Germanic kings claimed that they should have power because they were related to their tribe’s mythical founders.

The early Germanic tribes spoke different dialects, but could understand each other. They shared a common culture and mythology (see Germanic mythology). "Beowulf" and the Volsunga saga make this clear.

At this time, the Romans forced the different peoples of Italy to be part of one big empire. Unlike Italy, no large empire forced Germanic people to unite. Because of this, the various tribes remained free, led by their own hereditary or chosen leaders.


May Pang

May (Fung-Yee) Pang (born October 24, 1950) is an American former music executive. She was a personal assistant to former Beatle John Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono. She later became Lennon's companion and lover, when he separated from Ono in the mid-1970s. Pang was born in New York, New York to Chinese parents.

Pang was a secretary at ABKCO, a management company started by Allen Klein, in New York City. ABKCO's clients included three of the Beatles: Lennon, George Harrison and Ringo Starr. When Lennon and wife Ono needed an assistant, Pang was sent to England to work for them. She dated musician Peter Ham of Badfinger, and helped Lennon and Ono move to the United States, late in 1971.

During 1973, Lennon and Ono began to have problems in their marriage. Ono trusted Pang, and suggested her as a companion for Lennon, knowing he wanted to see other women. Lennon surprised Ono by taking Pang with him to Los Angeles, where he planned to record an album with Phil Spector. Lennon and Pang lived together for over a year, while he worked on new music, and tried to decide whether to divorce Ono or reconcile with her.

Lennon and Ono decided to reconcile early in 1975, and became the parents of Sean Lennon. Even though Pang had been involved with the marketing of several of Lennon's records, and also records by Harry Nilsson and Ringo Starr, she had a hard time finding a new job. She later found out the reason was because many companies were afraid Lennon would not want to do business with them, if he knew she worked there.

Pang finally found a job with Island Records, and later worked for RKO. She married record producer Tony Visconti, and they started a family. After Lennon's death in 1980, Pang wrote a memoir, titled "Loving John". She also appeared on many talk shows, to discuss her relationship with Lennon.

Indo-European peoples

Indo-Europeans are those who lived in eastern Europe and central Asia thousands of years ago. They descended from the Ukrainian steppes, and spread out across Europe, western Asia, central Asia, and India.

Indo-Europeans are Bronze Age-speakers of Indo-European languages that had not yet split into language families we know today, like Centum and Satem dialects (speakers of languages predating Proto-Indo-Iranian, Proto-Greek, Proto-Celtic, Proto-Italic, Proto-Germanic, Proto-Balto-Slavic etc.)

Speakers of Indo-European languages in historical times and nowadays often are not called by the name Indo-Europeans but with often by the name of their language family like: Anatolians, Tocharians, Aryans (Iranians, Indo-Aryans), Greeks, Celts, Italic peoples, Germanic peoples, Baltic peoples, Slavic peoples, Kurds, Armenians, Albanians (or subdivisions of these groups).

Urban area

An urban area is an area where many people live and work close together. The population density is higher than in the surrounding area. It is where buildings are close together. Urban is the opposite of rural, where farm lands and nature are. Urban areas are usually cities and towns. Most of the work available in urban areas is factory and office work. Agricultural work is rare because buildings are close together and there is no space for farm lands. 

There are different urban area definitions for each country. The definitions mostly depend on how populated the country is and if the definition shows a true percentage of how urbanized the country is. For example, in Poland an urban area is any place that has the status of a town, whereas in China it is any district, city, or town with a population density higher than 1500 people per square kilometer. The urban population definition for Canadian and Scandinavian countries depends on density. If there is a house every 200 meters it is classified as urban.

A large urban area, with all connected areas (usually developed around some city) is called a Metropolitan area.


Mary Hopkin

Mary Hopkin (born 3 May 1950) is a Welsh folk singer. She was born in Pontardawe. She was most famous in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Her first and biggest hit was "Those Were The Days" in 1968.

When The Beatles started their own record label called Apple Records, they were looking for new artists to sign up. Twiggy, a model and friend of the band, recommended her. After Hopkin signed with Apple, Beatle Paul McCartney produced many of the songs for her first album, called "Post Card". Singer-songwriters Donovan and Harry Nilsson, and record producer George Martin, also gave her songs to record.

"Those Were The Days" was McCartney's choice for Hopkin's first single. He chose well, and the song became a hit worldwide. Hopkin recorded other singles, including "Goodbye", "Temma Harbour", "Knock, Knock, Who's There", and a remake of Doris Day's "Qué Sera, Sera", but they were not as successful as her first record. McCartney moved on to a solo career after the Beatles disbanded, and no longer worked with her. Hopkin's second album, "Earth Song/Ocean Song", was largely self-produced.

Hopkin disliked the way Apple Records had promoted her, as a kind of "squeaky-clean" schoolgirl. She left the label after two albums and a best-of compilation, also titled "Those Were the Days". She retired from music after marrying producer Tony Visconti, but she did appear as a background singer on a few of his productions.

During the 1990s, Apple Records reissued many of their old records, including Hopkin's two original albums. She oversaw a new version of "Those Were the Days", with bonus tracks and a detailed booklet.


Champs-Élysées

The Champs-Élysées is a long and very famous street in Paris.

The street is 1910 m long and 70 m wide and links the Arc de Triomphe and the Place de la Concorde. It is a very popular street and has many famous cinemas, bars, boutiques, and restaurants. The Tour de France ends on the street. It is the second most expensive street of the world. Rent is more than 900 000 euros per 100m² per year.

On 20 April 2017, two gunmen opened fired and killed one police officer and injured another on the Champs-Élysées in a terrorist attack claimed by ISIS.

Tom Evans

Thomas "Tom" Evans (5 June 1947 – 19 November 1983) was an English guitarist and songwriter, who had several hit records as a member of Badfinger, during the late 1960s and early 1970s. He was also the cowriter of "Without You", with collaborator Peter Ham, another member of Badfinger.

Evans and Ham wrote most of Badfinger's hits together, including "No Matter What", "Day After Day", and "Baby Blue", which appeared on Apple Records. After leaving Apple, Badfinger's fortunes dipped. Ham committed suicide by hanging in 1975. Evans was devastated, and never got over losing his musical partner. He also hanged himself, in London in 1983.

"Without You" first became a hit in a cover version by Harry Nilsson in 1971, and the song became a standard as time went on. Badfinger's music was mostly forgotten by the 1980s, but became popular again in the 1990s when their old records appeared on compact disc.

Solon

Solon was a statesman in Ancient Greece. He is one of Seven Sages (or Wise Men) of Greece, because of his political reforms to the laws of Athens. Many of these changes helped the poor people. He lived from 630 B.C.- 560 B.C. He introduced the court and judges. About 594 B.C., the nobles elected Solon to lead Athens. He made reforms that helped prevent a revolt by the poor. First he freed people who had become slaves because of debts. He made a law that no citizen could be enslaved. Solon also organized citizens into four classes based on wealth, not birth. Rich men had more power. Yet this was still a more fair system than the old one that limited power to nobles. Solon allowed all citizens to serve in the assembly and help elect leaders. He also reformed the laws to make them less harsh.

Saint-Jean-Bonnefonds

Saint-Jean-Bonnefonds is a village in France near Saint-Paul-en-Jarez and Saint-Priest-en-Jarez.

Saint-Priest-en-Jarez

Saint-Priest-en-Jarez is a town in France near Saint-Jean-Bonnefonds and Villars.

Villars

Villars may refer to: 




Logron

Logron is a village in France near Villars and Flacey. In 1999, about 500 people lived there.

Flacey

Flacey is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.


Diet (assembly)

A diet is some form of assembly. People in the assembly meet (originally they did that daily, hence the name) to discuss and decide things. Common examples are the Diet of Worms or the Diet of Speyer.

Omelette

An omelette (also spelled as omelet) is a type of food that is mainly eggs, with various fillings. In the United States omelettes are usually eaten at breakfast. However omelettes can be eaten as a light lunch or late evening meal.

An omelette is prepared from beaten eggs cooked with butter or oil in a frying pan. A thin, flat 'heavy' omelette is usually folded around a filling such as cheese, vegetables, meat, or some combination of these ingredients. In some traditions, omelettes are fried to cook the bottom and then flipped over or in half for final stage of cooking. However, in other traditions, omelettes is baked to cook it evenly or the top is cooked under a broiler. When making an omelette, it is best to use several eggs. Put a little water in with the eggs when you mix them up because the water helps the eggs to produce steam as they cook. The steam makes them lighter and fluffier. Using oil in the bottom of a nonstick omelette pan helps prevent the omelette from sticking.

For a full light and fluffy omolette separate the egg whites and whisk to stiff peaks then fold in the yolks. Cook by frying in a knob of butter on a medium heat until center starts to dry then fold in half and cook until its hot in the middle.

There are many different types of omelette, often with different names, depending on what is used as a filling.
Arnold Bennett (27 May 1867 - 27 March 1931) was a British writer. Often after having been to the theatre in London he visited the Savoy Hotel's Grillroom. The chef added haddock, cream and Parmesan cheese to the basic omelette and called the new dish "Omelette Arnold Bennett" in his customer's honour.

According to legend when Napoleon Bonaparte and his army were marching through southern France, they stopped for the night near the town of Bessieres. A local innkeeper made Napoleon an omelette. Napoleon was so impressed by the cooking he ordered the townspeople to collect all the eggs in the village and to prepare a huge omelette for his army the next day.

Visa

A visa (short for the Latin "carta visa", lit. "the document having been seen") is a permit given by a country that allows someone to go to that country. A visa is often a document that is stamped on a person's passport by an embassy. It names the kind of visit and says how long the person can stay. Sometimes, people need to go through an interview held at the embassy before they get a visa.

Many countries require foreign visitors to have a valid passport and a visa before they can enter the country, but there are exceptions.

Visas are associated with the request for permission to enter (or exit) a country, and are, for some countries, not the same as actual formal permission to enter and remain in the country.

Some countries, such as Turkey, require that their citizens, and sometimes foreign travelers, obtain an exit visa in order to be allowed to leave the country. Until 2004, foreign students in Russia were issued only an entry visa on being accepted to University there, and had to obtain an exit visa to return home. This policy has since been changed, and foreign students are now issued multiple entry (and exit) visas.

Visas may be granted on arrival or by prior application at the country's embassy or consulate, or sometimes through a specialized travel agency with permission from the issuing country in the country of departure. If there is no embassy or consulate in one's home country, then one would have to travel to a third country (or apply by post) and try to get a visa issued there. The need for a visa generally depends on the citizenship of the applicant, how long they plan to stay, and the activities that they may wish to do in the country he visits. These may result different formal categories of visas, with different issue conditions.

Some, but not all, countries have reciprocal visa regimes: if Country A requires citizens of Country B to have a visa to travel there, then Country B may require a visa from citizens of Country A. Likewise, if A allows B's citizens to enter without a visa, B may allow A's citizens to enter without a visa.

Examples of such reciprocal visa regimes are between:

People may have to pay for a visa; these are typically also reciprocal, so if country A charges country B's citizens 50 USD for a visa, country B will often also charge the same amount for country A's visitors. The fee charged may also be at the discretion of each embassy. A similar reciprocity often applies to the duration of the visa (the period in which one is permitted to request entry of the country) and the number of entries one can attempt with the visa. Faster processing of the visa application for some countries will generally incur additional charges.

This reciprocal fee has become more common in recent years with the decision of the United States to charge nationals of various countries a $100 visa processing fee (non-refundable, even if a visa is not issued). A number of countries, including Brazil, Chile, and Turkey have reciprocated. Brazil requires an advance visa before entry into the country, and that a US citizen be fingerprinted and photographed on arrival—matching U.S. requirements for Brazilians and other foreigners.

The issuing authority, usually a branch of the country's foreign ministry or department (e.g. U.S. State Department), and typically consular affairs officers, may want documents from the applicant. This may include proof that the applicant is able to support himself in the host country (lodging, food), proof that the person hosting the applicant in his or her home really exists and has sufficient room for hosting the applicant, proof that the applicant has health and evacuation insurance, etc. Some countries ask for proof of health status, especially for long-term visas; some countries deny visas to persons with certain illnesses, such as AIDS. The exact conditions depend on the country and category of visa. Notable examples of countries requiring HIV tests of long-term residents are Russia and Uzbekistan. However, in Uzbekistan, the HIV test requirement is sometimes not strictly enforced. 

Developed countries frequently demand strong evidence of intent to return to the home country, if the visa is for a temporary stay, and especially if the applicant is from a developing country, due to immigration concerns.

The issuing authority may also require applicants to attest that they have had no criminal convictions, or that they do not partake in certain activities (like prostitution or drug trafficking). Some countries will deny visas if the travellers' passports show evidence of citizenship or travel to a country which is not recognized by that country. For example, Saudi Arabia will not issue visas to nationals of Israel or those with evidence of visiting Israel.




Visas can also be "single-entry", which means the visa is cancelled as soon as the holder leaves the country, "double-entry", or "multiple-entry", permitting multiple entries into the country with the same visa. Countries may also issue re-entry permits that allow temporarily leaving the country without invalidating the visa. Even a business visa will normally not allow the holder to work in the host country without an additional work permit.

Once issued, a visa will usually have to be used within a certain period of time.

The validity of a visa is not the same as the authorized period of stay in the issuing country. The visa validity usually indicates when the person can apply for entry to the country. For example, if a visa has been issued January 1st and expires March 30th, and the authorized period of stay in a country is 90 days, then the 90-day stay starts on the day the passenger reaches the country, which has to be between January 1st and March 30th. The traveller could therefore stay in the issuing country until June 1st.

Once in the country, the validity period of a visa or authorized stay can often be extended for a fee if the immigration authorities choose to do so. Staying longer than the period of authorized stay given by the immigration officers is considered illegal immigration even if the visa validity period is not over (i.e. for multiple entry visas) and a form of being "out of status" and the offender may be fined, prosecuted, deported, or even blacklisted (banned) from entering the country again.

Entering a country without a valid visa or visa exemption may result in being arrested and removed from the country. Doing things that are not authorized by the status of entry (for example, working while having a non-worker tourist status) can result in the individual being deemed removable, in common speech an illegal alien. Such violation is not a violation of a visa, despite the common misuse of the phrase, but a violation of status, hence the term "out of status."

Even having a visa does not guarantee that somebody can enter a host country. The border crossing authorities make the final determination to allow entry, and may cancel a visa at the border if the alien cannot demonstrate to their satisfaction that they will abide by the status their visa grants them.

Visa and immigration laws are very different among countries. People are advised to check with immigration lawyers for visa and immigration laws governing the countries they wish to enter and eligibility to receive visas or other immigration benefits.

Some countries allow the holder of a visa to apply to stay longer in that country. For example, in Denmark a visa holder can apply to the Danish Immigration Service for a Residence Permit after they have arrived in the Country. In the United Kingdom applications can be made to the Border and Immigration Agency. In other countries it is not possible to do this. In such cases, the holder often engages in what is known as a visa run; leaving the country for a short period in order to apply for a new visa prior to their return or so that they can be given a fresh permission to stay when they re-enter.

A visa may be denied for a number of reasons, including (but not limited to) if the applicant:

Possession of a valid visa is a condition for entry into many countries. Exemption schemes do exist. Visa-free entry may be granted to holders of diplomatic passports. ("see: Passport").

Some countries have reciprocal agreements such that a visa is not needed under certain conditions, e.g. when the visit is for tourism and for a relatively short period. One example of this is the Visa Waiver Program of the United States. Such reciprocal agreements may stem from common membership in international organizations or a shared heritage:
Other countries may also unilaterally grant visa-free entry to nationals of certain countries to encourage tourism.

Visa-free travel between countries also occurs where passports are not needed for such travel.("For examples of passport-free travel, see International travel without passports".)

Normally, visas are valid for entry only into the country which issued the visa. Countries that are members of regional organizations or party to regional agreements may however issue visas valid for entry into some or all of the member states of the organization or agreement:

Andranik Ozanian

Andranik Toros Ozanian, or Zoravar Andranik, (February 25, 1865 – August 31, 1927) was an Armenian military general and freedom fighter. He was seen by Armenian people as a national hero.

He was born in Şebinkarahisar, Ottoman Armenia (present-day Giresun Province, Turkey). After losing his wife and son at an early age, he joined the Armenian freedom movement in the Ottoman Empire, and participated in various political parties.
Andranik participated in the Balkan Wars of 1912-1913, within the Bulgarian army, alongside general Garegin Njdeh as a commander of Armenian auxiliary troops of 1912-1913. After his arrest and jailed; he spent some time in Istanbul. During World War I, he participated in the Caucasus Campaign and was appointed as general of the Armenian volunteer units of the Russian army. He participated in 20 different offensives where he gained fame due to his courage and the tactics he came up with to defeat the opposing forces.
He was the commanding officer of the Armenian volunteer units, which helped the Van Resistance take control of the Van on May 6, 1915. He helped re-capture the city from Ottoman forces during the Battle of Van. He was also the commander of the battalion that took the city of Bitlis (see: Battle of Bitlis) from the Ottoman forces that was under control of Mustafa Kemal. 
After declaration of Democratic Republic of Armenia (DRA), he organized volunteer units against the Ottoman army, and fought alongside those units. Declaration of Treaty of Batum was in diffuse as Andranik, was fighting against the Ottoman Empire with his army. He refused to accept the borders stated by the treaty. His activities were concentrated at the link between Ottoman Empire to Azerbaijan Democratic Republic at Karabakh, Zanghezur and Nakhichevan. Ozanian struck back at the Ottoman Fronts, Army of Islam.
Andranik, tried several times to seize Shusha. Just before the Armistice of Mudros was signed, Andranik was on the way from Zangezur to Shushee, currently called Shusha. control the main city of Nagorno-Karabakh, historically called Artsakh. In January 1919 Armenian troops advancing, the British forces (Lionel Dunsterville) ordered Andranik back to Zangezur, and gave him the assurances that this conflict can be solved with the Paris Peace Conference, of 1919.
In 1919 he left Armenia in order not to take part in the political struggles for power in the recent Republic of still those its opinions contradicting policy to carry Armenia for the last time and went oneself into exile to Fresno, California, United States.

He immigrated to Fresno, California. Andranik Ozanian lived in Fresno for 18 years until his death on August 31, 1927. His remains were moved to Paris in 1928, and returned to Armenia in 1999, where he was buried at the Yerablur military cemetery.


Angles

The Angles were Germanic peoples from Northern Germany and Denmark who invaded Britain from around 410 CE. Their name seems to be connected with Angeln, a modern district in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. The Angles, together with the Jutes, Saxons and Frisians, were among the tribes who sailed across the North Sea in the 5th century to invade Britain. The various tribes were later called "Anglo-Saxon".. 


Angeln

Modern Angeln, (Danish: Angel; Latin: Anglia, which also means in direct translation from Latin: England), is a peninsula in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. 
Ancient Angeln may have been somewhat larger than the Angeln of today, but following the ancient sources it included the territory of modern Angeln.

Angeln has an importance far beyond its small area, as it seems to have been the original home of the Angles who invaded the southern part of Great Britain, which was named after them, England. And so the name of the major world language, English, seems to have taken its name from this little region.

Following the departure of the Angles from Anglia about 350, the region was occupied by Danish settlers not later than the 8th century.



Commonwealth

A commonwealth is a group of people or of groups with a common aim to improve themselves, help each other and share knowledge and resources.

The word can refer to several organisations:


It is also part of the official name of some countries

or part of the official name of some US states and territories

In history the Commonwealth of England was the name of England between 1649 and 1660, when England had no king.

Frisian people

The Frisians are a group of people of northwestern Europe, living in an area known as Frisia. They are mainly in the Dutch areas of Friesland and Groningen and, in Germany, East Frisia and North Frisia. They are said to be a tall, big-boned and light-haired people with a rich history and folklore.

The Frisians were able to make an agreement with the Romans at the River Rhine in 28 CE. Sixteen years later they defeated the Romans under Tiberius at the Battle of Baduhennawood. The Frisii were known and respected by the Romans and were written about by several writers. Tacitus wrote about the Germanic peoples in 69 CE, describing the habits of the Germanic people, as well as listing a lot of Frisian groups by name. Of the many groups he listed, the Frisians are the only ones that have kept their old name.

The Frisians probably used boats. The North Sea from Britain to Eastern Denmark, was called "Mare Frisia" at that time. Small groups of Frisians settled the lands around them and their homes have been found in England, Scotland, Denmark, Germany, Belgium, France and The Netherlands.

Their land followed the edge of the North Sea from the mouth of the Rhine river up to that of the Ems. The Ems was the eastern edge of their land according to Ptolemy's "Geographica".

In the 5th century, the Anglo-Saxons went through Frisian territory to invade Great Britain. A lot of Frisians moved with them. The Frisians who stayed in Europe moved into the lands where the Anglo-Saxons used to live.




Alba Iulia

Alba Iulia (Latin: "Apulum", German: "Karlsburg"/"Weißenburg", Hungarian: "Gyulafehérvár", former ) is a city in Alba County, Transylvania, Romania. It has a population of 66,369 people. It is found on the Mureş River. In the center of the city there is Alba Carolina citadel built in three historical periods: Roman, Medieval and Habsburg.


Balance

Balance may mean:




Vampire bat

Vampire bats is a subfamily of bats. Unlike other bats, vampire bats feed on blood. Currently, there are three species of bats known to do this. All of them live in the Americas, in Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Argentina. Of the three known species, one feeds on the blood of mammals, the other two on the blood of birds.

The common vampire bat lives in large groups, of up to 100 animals. They have developed complex social behaviour. 

Vampire bats commonly spread diseases, most notably rabies. The saliva of the vampire bats contain chemicals that prevent the clotting of the blood of the victim; this has been used to develop drugs to help the patients of strokes and heart attacks.

The false vampire bats are not vampire bats; they do not feed on blood, some eat fruits, others devour small animals.

Vampires may be modelled on bats.

Vampire bats were some of the first animals studied using the broadly applicable tracking system, or BATS. Scientists glued very small backpacks with sensors onto vampire bats and used GPS to tell when they looked for food, rested, or met each other. The study, which was printed for people to read on October 31, 2019 (Halloween), said that vampire bats formed social bonds when being held by humans that they remembered after being released back into the wild.

Prehistoric Britain

Prehistoric Britain was a period of history when people lived in Britain, but did not keep written records. It started when people first arrived in Britain around 900,000 years ago. It ended with the Roman invasion of Britain in AD 43.

People have lived in what is now Great Britain for hundreds of thousands of years. However, until the Roman Empire took over in the 1st century, none of Britain’s peoples had any written language. For this reason, archaeological sites are the only way to learn about their history, culture, and way of life.

The Greek navigator Pytheas was the first person to write about Britain and its people. He explored the coastal region of Britain around 325 BC.

Starting in the Neolithic period, ancient Britons were involved in extensive trade (especially in exporting tin), and they had strong cultural links with the rest of Europe.

Palaeolithic Britain lasted from almost 750,000 years ago until around 10,000 years ago. During this long period of time, there were many changes in the environment. These included several glacial and interglacial periods, which greatly affected human settlement in the region.

Around 478,000 years ago, the Anglian glaciation began. This period lasted until about 424,000 years ago. During this time, temperatures were very cold. This very cold weather probably drove humans out of Britain altogether.

A warmer time period lasted from around 300,000 until 200,000 years ago. During this time, people in Britain developed more advanced flint technology, which allowed them to hunt more efficiently.

There is little evidence that people lived in Britain during the later Ipswichian interglacial period. This period lasted from around 130,000 years ago to 110,000 years ago.

A final ice age covered Britain between about 70,000 and 10,000 years ago. There was an extreme cold snap between 22,000 and 13,000 years ago, which may have driven humans south out of Britain again. The environment during this ice age period would have been a largely treeless tundra. It was eventually replaced by a warmer climate, perhaps reaching 17 degrees Celsius (62.6 Fahrenheit) in summer, which encouraged the expansion of birch trees as well as shrub and grasses.

Neanderthal occupation of Britain was limited. The first signs of activity in Britain by modern humans ("Homo sapiens") date back to about 30,000 BC. The most famous archaeological evidence from this period is the skeleton of the Red Lady of Paviland in modern-day Wales. Archaeologists think this person died about 33,000 years ago.

The dominant food species were the Wild Horse ("Equuleus fetus") and Red Deer ("Corvus elapses"). People also hunted other mammals, ranging from hares to mammoth. By 10,500 years ago, the climate was becoming cooler and dryer, and woodland coverage expanded. Still, populations of food animals seem to have declined around this time.

During the Final Upper Paleolithic, tool makers generally used smaller flints. Bone and antler work became less common. However, there are many more known archaeological sites, spread over a wider area than in the earlier Paleolithic. Archaeologists have found many more open air sites, like the one at Hengistbury Head.

Archaeologists have found bones and flint tools in coastal deposits near Happisburgh in Norfolk, and near Bakersfield in Suffolk. This is evidence that "Homo erectus" lived in modern-day Britain around 700,000 years ago. At this time, southern and eastern Britain was linked to continental Europe by a wide land bridge, which allowed humans to move freely. Where the English Channel is today, there was a large river flowing westwards. It was fed by tributaries that would later become the Thames and Seine.

Around 10,000 years ago, the last ice age finally ended. Temperatures rose, probably to levels similar to today’s. As the weather got warmer, forests expanded farther. Pine, birch, and alder forest replaced the Arctic environment.

As glaciers melted, sea levels rose. By 8,500 years ago, the rising sea levels cut Britain off from continental Europe for the last time.

Around 4,500 BC, people in Britain began farming and started caring for animals, like cows, sheep and pigs. They did this, at least in part, because they needed reliable sources of food. Historians have called this the Neolithic revolution.

In the past, historians thought that people migrating from continental Europe brought ideas about farming with them to Britain. However, modern archaeologists think that native Britons began farming, making pottery, and settling on their own. These changes (called the Neolithic Revolution) eventually led to the growth of societies divided into differing groups of farmers, artisans and leaders.

Past historians also thought that people migrating to Britain came in waves, with each new wave annihilating the last. However, DNA analysis suggests that this theory is not correct. Scientists have analyzed the mitochondrial DNA of modern Europeans to find out who their ancestors were. They found that over 80% of modern Europeans are descended in the female line from European hunter-gatherers. Less than 20% are descended in the female line from Neolithic farmers from the Middle East. In 1997, scientists did DNA analysis on a tooth from a Mesolithic man whose remains were found in Sough's Cave at Cheddar Gorge. They found that 11% of modern European populations share this man’s mitochondrial DNA.

People built Britain’s first earthworks during the early Neolithic (c. 4400 BC- 3300 BC). These were long barrows used for communal burial.

Later, during the Middle Neolithic (c. 3300 BC-c. 2900 BC), people built cursuses near these long barrows. A cursus was a monument that looked like a trench or a ditch. During the same period, people also built the earliest stone circles and began to bury their dead individually.

Neolithic people also built stone rows and new enclosures called henges. The famous sites of Stonehenge and Silbury Hill reached their peak during the Neolithic. People began industrial flint mining in places like Cissbury and Grimes Graves.

In Britain, archaeologists have found axes made from exotic stones. These are stones which are not naturally found in Britain, like jadeite. This shows that native Britons communicated and traded with people in continental Europe.

The Bronze Age lasted from about 3300 BC to 1200 BC.

A new culture arrived in Britain around 2700 BC, at the beginning of the Mount Pleasant Phase (2,700 BC - 2,000 BC). This new culture is often called the Beaker culture. Archaeologists have found Beaker pottery, flat axes, and ornaments made from gold. Archaeologists found some of these ornaments in graves of people from the wealthy Wessex culture of southern Britain. They have also found evidence that the Beaker people buried their dead. The megalithic phases of Stonehenge date to this period.

Britain had large reserves of tin in the areas of Cornwall and Devon, in what is now southwest England. During the Bronze Age, people began tin mining. By the end of the Bronze Age, British tin was being exported across Europe. This was so successful that around 1,600 BC, southwest Britain experienced a trade boom.

Iron Age Britons lived in organised tribal groups, ruled by a chieftain. As the number of people in Britain increased, opposing tribes started to fight each other for territory and power. This led people to start building hill forts, starting around 1,500 BC.

Around 900 BC, British society changed. Celtic peoples came to Britain in mass migrations, and brought their culture with them. The Celts were highly skilled craftsmen. They produced nicely patterned gold jewellery, and made weapons in bronze and iron. By 500 BC, Celtic culture covered most of the British Isles.

Around 750 BC, iron working techniques reached Britain from southern Europe. Iron was stronger and more plentiful than bronze. Iron working revolutionised many aspects of life, especially agriculture. Iron-tipped ploughs could churn up land far quicker and deeper than older wooden or bronze ploughs. Iron axes could clear forest land far more efficiently for agriculture.

During the Iron Age, Britain exported hunting dogs, animal skins and slaves.

During the final centuries before the Roman invasion, refugees from Gaul (modern day France and Belgium) came to Britain. These refugees were called the Belgae. They were displaced (pushed out of their home lands) as the Roman Empire expanded.

From around 175 BC these refugees settled in the areas of Kent, Hertfordshire and Essex. With them, they brought pottery-making skills that were far more advanced than any others. The Belgae became partially Romanised. They created the first settlements large enough to be called towns.

About 100 BC, people developed coinage and also began to use iron bars as currency.

As the Roman Empire expanded northwards, Rome began to take interest in Britain. See Roman Britain for the history of this period.



Domesday Book

The Domesday Book is the record of the great survey of much of England, and parts of Wales, completed in 1086, done for William I of England, or William the Conqueror. 

The Domesday Book (also known as "Domesday", or "Book of Winchester") was a record of all taxable land in England, together with such information as would indicate its worth. 

As the scribes went round England, they were protected by William's armed men. Each group was led by a Royal Commissioner, who took a list of standard questions. A 'jury' of local nobility and citizens answered the questions. All answers were written down in Latin.

Information was collected from the start of 1085, and working up into the complete volume started later that year. William died in 1087 before the writing-up work was completed.

William the Conqueror wished to know the details of the land he had conquered, England. He let his knights and barons have big areas of land, and wanted rent money from them. The Domesday Book was a record of every farm, village and house so that he knew how much rent he should get. Only some small villages in the countryside are not in the book. Major cities like London and Winchester are also not in the Domesday Book, perhaps because of their size, or because (not owning land), the people could not be taxed. 

The Domesday book gave the names of King William's friends and even listed the number of pigs on a piece of land. But it was not like a modern census. It did not give the names of all the people. It listed the heads of each household, but left out Londoners, monks, nuns, and anyone living in castles. In effect, it listed only people he could get rent from, and who might supply men to fight in his army.

The Domesday Book is two volumes. One of the books was called "Great Domesday", and the other was called "Little Domesday". The draft of the second volume, Little Domesday, was never worked up, but no doubt was used for tax collection just the same.

The Domesday book got its name because its lists were so complete that it reminded people of the Last Judgment (which people also call Doomsday, or Domesday) in Christianity, when lists of what people have done go before God for people to be judged.


LD50

The name LD is an abbreviation for "Lethal Dose, 50%" or median lethal dose. It is the amount of the substance required (usually per body weight) to kill 50% of the test population.

The test was created by J.W. Trevan in 1927 but has been phased out. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has begun to approve non-animal alternatives to LD50, in response to research cruelty concerns and the lack of validity/sensitivity of animal tests as they relate to humans.



Dahlerau train disaster

The Dahlerau train disaster was a railway disaster that happened on 27 May 1971. It happened in Dahlerau, Radevormwald, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany.

A passenger train carrying pupils was travelling on the railway track from Wuppertal to Radevormwald in North Rhine-Westphalia in West Germany on the evening of 27 May 1971. The pupils belonged to the final year of a school in Radevormwald and were returning from a trip to Bremen. Around 21:00, the train had just left the railway station in "Wuppertal-Beyenburg" and was a few minutes away from the railway station in "Dahlerau". Farther south, a freight train was traveling from Radevormwald to Wuppertal, and had just arrived outside the Dahlerau station. The freight train would have to wait in the station to allow the passenger train to pass. This was necessary because the passenger train was 30 minutes late and there was only one track on the railway line outside the station.

The dispatcher in the station would have to go outside and show a red lantern to the freight train, because there were no signals in the station. Nobody knows for sure what happened, but the freight train went right through the station and onto the track where the passenger train was running. The driver of the freight train later told that the dispatcher in the station had shown him a green light. This was the signal not to stop.

The dispatcher had seen what happened and tried to hold the train back with emergency signals, but he failed and the train disappeared behind a curve. He went into his office to call the station in Wuppertal-Beyenburg, but the passenger train had already left Beyenburg. The dispatcher knew what would happen, and called the police. Meanwhile, about 800 metres north of the station, the two trains crashed. The passenger train was crushed to 1/3 of its length, because it consisted of light railbuses and the freight train locomotive was five times as heavy.
Police, firefighters and ambulances arrived quickly, but had problems rescuing people. This was because the crash happened on a hillside. The parents of the pupils had also heard of the accident and had come to search for their children. In all, 25 people were injured, many of them badly. 46 people died in the accident. Of these 46, 41 were pupils, two teachers, one was a mother who travelled with the children, and two were working for the railway. Only one person walked away from the accident without injuries. So many people had died that the bodies had to be put in a gymnasium.

The dispatcher was killed in a car accident a few weeks after the crash. Police said it was not suicide. Because the dispatcher could not be asked, investigating the crash was difficult and took about a year. In the end, it was decided that human error was the cause for the accident. Nobody could find out the exact happenings on that evening, and so the case never went before a court. The passenger train was badly damaged and had to be destroyed. The locomotive of the freight train was repaired and stayed in service until 2001.

The victims were buried on 2 June 1971. More than 10,000 people attended the funeral, and all shops in Radevormwald were closed on that day. Many important people went to the funeral, including Chancellor Willy Brandt, and the Minister of Transport. The victims were buried together in a large grave on the Radevormwald cemetery. Later, a memorial was built near the graves as well.

The Deutsche Bundesbahn, the company who was responsible for the railway, changed the lanterns used by the dispatchers. They would not show a red light any more, so that red and green could not be confused any more. They also built the successors of the type of railbus that crashed sturdier, because some people said they had been built too light.

The line from Wuppertal to Radevormwald was closed in 1976.

Walter Guinness, 1st Baron Moyne

Walter Edward Guinness, 1st Baron Moyne DSO & Bar PC (29 March 1880-6 November 1944) was a British politician. Guinness was born in Dublin, Ireland. 

From 1907 to 1931 he was Conservative MP for Bury St Edmunds, and saw service in World War I at Passchendaele, earning a medal and bar (second award).

He was killed in 1944 in Cairo, Egypt by the Jewish terrorist group Lehi. His assassination was said to be a message to the British government against British imperialism. Guinness was selected because he was believed to be anti Jewish and made statements supporting sending all Jews in Europe to the African island of Madagascar.

Modern Talking

Modern Talking was a German dance pop duo consisting of Thomas Anders and Dieter Bohlen. Their music was often classified as Europop. Modern Talking is, by sales, the most successful and popular group in Germany, and they a number of hit singles reaching the top-5 in many countries. Some of their most popular and widely known singles are "You're My Heart, You're My Soul", "You Can Win If You Want", "Cheri Cheri Lady", "Brother Louie", "Atlantis Is Calling (S.O.S. for Love)" and "Geronimo's Cadillac". 
Modern Talking's first period of activity was from 1984 to 1987. The duo reunified in 1998 and made a successful comeback, releasing more music from 1998 to 2003. Modern Talking's sound, however, was rather different from its original 1980s sound after its reunion. The duo came back in 1998 recording their materials based on what the demand was in central European music markets at the time in the late 1990s, which required their original 1980s mellow Europop sound to switch into 1990s up-tempo Eurodance. The duo released singles which again entered the top-10 not only in their home country but also abroad. Some of those singles were "You're My Heart, You're My Soul '98", "Brother Louie '98", and "You Are Not Alone".

2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami

The 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami, also called the Sumatra-Andaman earthquake (known by the scientific community), was a great underwater earthquake. It happened at 00:58:53 UTC (07:58:53 local time) December 26, 2004. 

The epicenter of the earthquake was off the west coast of Sumatra, Indonesia. At first, the earthquake was measured as a 9.0 on the Richter scale. It was the longest ever recorded ocean earthquake. It lasted between 500 (8.3 minutes) and 600 (10 minutes) seconds. It was so powerful that it caused the entire Earth to vibrate. It started other earthquakes as far away as Iceland.

The large movement of earth under the water caused a very large and powerful tsunami. The tsunami was called the "Asian tsunami", or the "Boxing Day tsunami" in Australia, Canada, England, and South Africa because it happened on the 26th of December 2004 (Boxing Day). It spread all over the Indian Ocean. The tsunami caused heavy damage to countries such as Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia and Sri Lanka. It also devastated the eastern coast of India, such as the states of Tamil Nadu, Orissa and Andhra Pradesh.

Waves as high as 30m (100ft) killed many people and damaged or destroyed a lot of buildings and other property. Over 225,000 people died or were not found after the tsunami. The wave did damage in East Africa as far away as South Africa (8000km/ 5000mi) where as many as 8 people died because of high water caused by the wave. Because of how much damage was caused and the number of people the earthquake affected, over $7 billion (USD) was donated to help rebuild the areas damaged. This was extremely helpful in rebuilding their respective economys.



History of Taiwan

Taiwan (minus the Pescadores) is an island of eastern Asia. Its first people were Austronesians with small numbers of Chinese. After the arrival of the Dutch in the 1600s, many Chinese moved to Taiwan to work. Few European people moved to Taiwan, and the native people married with Chinese or moved away from the west side of the island. When the Qing dynasty began in China, a supporter of the old Ming dynasty hid in Taiwan. Eventually the Qing came to Taiwan, defeated him, and added Taiwan to China.

Taiwan remained Chinese territory through most of the Qing dynasty until it was taken by Japan in 1895. Taiwan became a colony of Japan for fifty years until the end of World War Two. For a brief time it was under the control of China through the Guomindang government, but that government lost a civil war and moved to Taiwan. The rule of the Guomindang is considered controversial today. Some criticize its treatment of the people of Taiwan, but others focus on positive political and economic change that it made.

In the 1980s, the government became more democratic. This has also been controversial because it allows different political parties to compete. The Democratic Progressive Party gained influence. During this time, Taiwan has officially been called the Republic of China but has acted independently of China. The People's Republic of China demands that Taiwan must become a part of China, while most Taiwanese debate the appropriate political status for today. These perspectives make complications in the politics of Taiwan.

The original people to move to Taiwan can be called the Aboriginal people. They have many similarities with others societies called Austronesian. Chinese historians have mentioned Taiwan several times since its Three Kingdoms period, although it was considered a land of barbarians.

About 50000 years ago was called the "Old Stone Age" in Taiwan. At that time, people hit rocks against each other to make tools. The most famous culture of Taiwanese old Stone Age is Changping Culture. The Changping culture's monument is the Eight Gods' Hole Monument in Taitung Conty.

About 5000 years ago was the "New Stone Age". People in New Stone Age sharpened stones to make tools. We can take New Stone Age into three parts. The most famous cultures are the Tapenken culture, the Beinan culture, and the Yuanshan culture. The Tapenken culture monument is the Tapenken Monument (also known as T.P.K.) in Taipei, the Beinan culture's monument is the Puyuma Relics in Taitung Conty, and the Yuanshan culture's monument is the Yuanshan Monument in Taipei City.

About 2000 years ago was the "Metal Age". In the Metal Age, people used metal to make tools, and started trading. The most famous culture in Metal Age is the Thirteen Hangs Cultures. Its monument is the Thirteen Hangs Monument in Taipei County.

In the 17th century, the Dutch took control of Taiwan. During this time, it was a Dutch colony and it encouraged Chinese people to move there. Few Chinese had lived on Taiwan until this time. As more Chinese moved to Taiwan there was conflict with the Aboriginal people. The Aboriginal people either married with Chinese or moved away from the west of Taiwan. During the time of Dutch control, Spain also briefly held northern Taiwan but the Dutch removed them in 1642.

In 1644, the Qing Dynasty began ruling China, and Ming Dynasty's courtier, Koxinga landed Taiwan, removed the Dutch, and ruled Taiwan. He turned it into a place to resist the Qing Dynasty. This period is called "the period of Ming Zheng", or the Kingdom of Tungning, the Kingdom of Yanping. One year later, the Qing Dynasty ended the Kindom of Tungning. The Qing Dynasty ruled Taiwan for 212 years until 1895.

Japan first showed interest in Taiwan in the 1870s. It tested the strength of the Qing Dynasty's control in 1871. Some ship-wrecked Okinawan fishermen were killed by Aboriginal people in southern Taiwan and Japan demanded compensation. Okinawa had secretly paid tribute to both China and Japan. In this situation Japan claimed Okinawa was part of Japan and it must protect its own people. There was no war but China stated it could not control barbarian people. Japan used this excuse to demand Taiwan after it defeated China in the First Sino-Japanese War. Taiwanese people rebelled without the support of China and created the Republic of Formosa that lasted for about one year. Japan crushed Taiwanese resistance, but it was the beginning of Taiwanese nationalism.

In 1945, the Republic of China won the Second Sino-Japanese War. The Allied Powers agreed to divide the territory of the Japanese Empire, and Taiwan would be returned to Chinese control. The Chinese civil war occurred at this time, and in 1949 the Guomindang lost and escaped to Taiwan. Taiwan was ruled by this one party until democratic reforms began in the 1980s.


Katana

A katana is a Japanese long sword used by samurai warriors. It is the most important sword of the three swords worn by samurai: katana, wakizashi, and tanto. The katana was popular from 1400 A.D. until 1876, when the samurai were abolished as a social class. 

In Japanese, "katana" means a "long sword" and it represents a blade, which is a little curved, with a single edge and a very sharp point. 

There are several types of katanas:

A traditional katana is made of a type of high carbon steel called tamahagane, which is made by smelting a type of Japanese iron ore, called iron sand, in a large furnace called a tatara.

This steel is sent to a smith who breaks it down to small pieces and layers the steel according to carbon content, they smelt this in their forge and repeatedly fold the steel in order to homogenise it. The most important part of the forging is the tempering, when the sword is quench-hardened. In ancient times it was said that the soul of the sword was put into the katana at this point. The sword is sometimes given a rough polish by the smith and then sent to a professional polisher for polishing (usually to a mirror finish). After polishing, the sword to be fitted.

Today katanas are mainly made of carbon steel of different quality. But there are some swords made of zinc and aluminum alloys, which are able to resist some external forces and are only used for decoration or non-tameshigiri practice. To determine the quality of a katana it is enough to check its "resistance" (how much it bends when it is hit), "elasticity" (the ability of katana to return to its original shape), and the "endurance" of the blade after striking (how long it lasts).

Generally, katana is designed for cutting, but it was widely used for stabbing too. This depended mainly on the length of the tang (the handle). The katana could be easily used for cutting if it was made for using with both hands. It was used for stabbing when the katana was made for using with one hand. 

As a rule, katana was worn under the belt on the left side of a right-handed man. The sword was in its sheath or scabbard (the cover), with its blade facing up. That way the sword could be drawn and cut the opponent in one movement. Alternatively, the scabbard might be held freely in the left hand: in action the sword would be drawn and the scabbard thrown down. This allows for free movement in battle.

To pull the katana a few inches out of its scabbard was an aggressive move signalling willingness to fight.

The Katana was very important in Japanese society. This sword was thought to be the "soul" of its master. Only a samurai was allowed to have a katana. A simple man with a katana sword could be killed at once. But in some case a emperor and shogun would carried one for show. 

There was a tradition of wearing, taking care and taking the katana out of its scabbard. Samurai kept their katana on a special stand for swords, called katana-kake. This stand was used for both katana and wakizashi. The blade had to have its point up, just as when wearing the sword; the handle (called the tang) had to be turned to the let. This made katana available for handling any time it was needed. 

The art of handling a katana was developed in martial arts like "kenjutsu" and "iaijutsu". Today, this art is practiced in "iaido" and "kendo" martial arts. The last one is the art of dueling with bamboo or wooden sword. Old schools of handling katana swords still exist. The most famous are: "Kashima Shin-ryu, Kashima Shinto-ryu, Tenshin Shoden Katori Shinto-ryu". 

The most appreciated technique of handling a katana is a school called "Nitto Ryu". This school taught how to use both a katana and a wakizashi during a fight. The most famous samurai who improved this art was "Miyamoto Musashi".


Lindisfarne

Lindisfarne (often called Holy Island), is a tidal island off the north-east coast of England. It is connected to the mainland of Northumberland by a causeway and is cut off twice a day by tides – something well described by Sir Walter Scott:

According to the 2001 census it had a usual population of 162.

Large parts of the island, and all of the adjacent inter-tidal area, are protected as Lindisfarne National Nature Reserve to help safeguard the internationally important wintering bird populations. 
Grey seals are frequent visitors to the rocky bays at high tide.

The monastery of Lindisfarne was founded by Irish-born Saint Aidan. He was brought from Iona off the west coast of Scotland to Northumbria around AD 635 by King Oswald of Northumbria. It became the base for Christian evangelising in the North of England and also sent a successful mission to Mercia. Monks from the community of Iona settled on the island.

Northumberland's patron saint, Saint Cuthbert, was a monk and later Abbot of the monastery, and his miracles and life are recorded by the Venerable Bede. Cuthbert later became Bishop of Lindisfarne.

In the early 700s the famous illuminated manuscript known as the Lindisfarne Gospels (an illustrated Latin copy of the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John) was made, probably at Lindisfarne.

Later, a monk named Aldred added an Anglo-Saxon translation to the Latin text. This made (late 10th century) the earliest surviving Old English copies of the Gospels.

In 793 a Viking raid on Lindisfarne scared many people throughout the Christian West. The year 793 is often called the beginning of the age of Viking raids. A very famous passage in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle reads:

"In this year fierce, foreboding omens came over the land of Northumbria. There were excessive whirlwinds, lightning storms, and fiery dragons were seen flying in the sky. These signs were followed by great famine, and on January 8th of the same year, the ravaging of heathen men destroyed God's church at Lindesfarne."

Eventually the monks fled the island. They took with them the body of St Cuthbert, which is now buried at Durham Cathedral. The priory was re-established in Norman times as a Benedictine house and continued until its dissolution in 1536 under Henry VIII. It is now a ruin in the care of English Heritage, who also run a museum/visitor centre nearby. The neighbouring parish church (see below) is still in use.

Lindisfarne also has the small castle, based on a Tudor fort and open to visitors.

J.M.W. Turner, Thomas Girtin and Charles Rennie Mackintosh all painted on Holy Island.


Peter Lorre

Peter Lorre (born was Ladislav (László) Löwenstein, June 26, 1904 – March 23, 1964) was a Hungarian-American actor. 

Lorre's family was Jewish. Lorre was born in Rózsahegy (Rosenberg) in a country called Austria-Hungary. Now the place where he was born is in the country Slovakia. He began acting in theaters in Vienna, Breslau, and Zürich. In the 1920s, he moved to Berlin to work as an actor. In 1931, the movie director Fritz Lang chose Lorre to act in a movie about a serial killer who kills children called "M". Lorre got married three times: Celia Lovsky (1934 – 13 March 1945, divorced); Kaaren Verne (25 May 1945 – 1950, divorced) and Annemarie Brenning (21 July 1953 – 23 March 1964, his death). He had his only child with Brenning, a daughter named Catharine (1953–1985).

When the Nazis came to power in Germany in 1933, Lorre had to leave Germany. Lorre went to England to be safe from the Nazis. Lorre got work as an actor in a movie by Alfred Hitchcock called "The Man Who Knew Too Much". Lorre only knew a little English. At first, it was hard for him to act in English movies.

In the 1940s, Lorre moved to Hollywood, California (USA). Hollywood is a town where many movies are made. Lorre acted in many movies, playing foreign characters. Lorre played the role of Joel Cairo in the movie "The Maltese Falcon" (1941) and played the role of "Ugarte" in the movie "Casablanca" (1942). Lorre played the character of Dr. Einstein in the movie" Arsenic and Old Lace" (1944).



History of Tamil Nadu

The history of Tamil Nadu goes back to the early Stone Age. Tamil Nadu (now one of the states in the south of the Republic of India) has been under continuous human habitation since prehistoric times.

The civilisation of the Tamil people is among the oldest in the world and has been influenced by, influenced, and coexisted with many external cultures.

The three Tamil dynasties of Chera, Chola and Pandya were all of ancient origins. Together they ruled over Tamil Nadu with a unique culture and language, contributing to the growth of "Sangam Literature", some of the oldest literature in the world.

They had extensive oversee trade contacts with the Roman and Greek empires. The three dynasties were in constant struggle with each other as they wanted hegemony over the land.

Invasion by the Kalabhras during the third century disturbed the tradition, and order of the land by displacing the three traditional ruling dynasties. These occupiers were overthrown by the Pandyas and the Pallavas, who restored the kingdoms. The Cholas in the ninth century defeated the Pallavas and the Pandyas and became a great power and extended their empire over the entire southern peninsula. At its height the Chola empire spread from Bengal in the northeast to Sri Lanka in the south. The Chola navy held sway over the Sri Vijaya kingdom in Southeast Asia.

Rapid changes in the political situation of the rest of India occurred with Muslim armies from the northwest. With the decline of the three ancient dynasties during the fourteenth century, the Tamil country became part of the Vijayanagara Empire. The Telugu speaking Nayak governors ruled the Tamil land. The brief appearance of the Marathas gave way to the European trading companies during the seventeenth century. The Madras Presidency comprising of most of southern India including what is now Tamil Nadu, was created in the eighteenth century. It was ruled directly by the British East India Company. After the independence of India the Tamil Nadu state was created based on linguistic boundaries, due to a Telugu man who wished the Telugu speaking land bordering Tamil Nadu to become its own state, which it did, Andra Pradesh was born. This caused a reaction because the other languages also wanted their own states. This led to state boundaries because of linguistic reasons.

Although there is very little concrete historical evidence that has been found so far before 600 BCE, the history of the Tamil people probably goes back further. Various legends are known after the 5th century BCE regarding the antiquity of the Tamil people. According to "Iraiyanar Agapporul", a 3rd/5th century CE Sangam literature, the Tamil country extended southwards beyond the natural boundaries of the Indian peninsula comprising of 49 ancient "nadus" (divisions). The land was supposed to have been destroyed by a deluge. The Sangam legends also claimed tens of thousands of years of continuous literary activity during three "Sangams". There have been no direct archaeological finds supporting these legends.

The prehistoric period during which the Palaeolithic civilisations existed in the Tamil Nadu region has been estimated to span the period from about 50,000 BCE until around 3000 BCE. People lived close to river valleys with sparse forest cover or in grassland. The population density was very low and so far only two localities of this lower Palaeolithic culture have been found in south India. One of these is in Attirampakkam valley in the northwest of Chennai. Archaeological research has uncovered evidence of fossil remains of animals and primitive stone implements around the northern Tamil Nadu that could be dated to around 300,000 BCE. The species of "Homo erectus", lived in this primitive 'old Stone Age', using only crude implements such as hand axes and choppers and subsisting on food hunted and gathered instead of actively growing it.

The ancestor of modern humans ("Homo sapiens sapiens") who appeared around 50,000 years ago was more developed and could fabricate thinner flake tools and blade-like tools using a variety of stones. From about 10,000 years ago, humans made still smaller tools called Microlithic tools. The material used by the early humans to make these tools were jasper, agate, flint, quartz, etc. In 1949, researchers found such microliths in Tirunelveli district. In Tamil Nadu, the Neolithic period had its advent around 2500 BCE. The Neolithic humans lived mostly on small flat hills or on the foothills in small, more or less permanent settlements but for periodical migration for grazing purposes. They gave the dead proper burials within urns or pits. They were also starting to use copper for making certain tools or weapons. The Iron Age culture in peninsular India is marked by Megalithic burial sites, which are found in hundreds of places.

Ancient Tamil Nadu contained three monarchical states, headed by kings called "Ventar" and several tribal chieftaincies, headed by the chiefs called by the general denomination "Vel" or "Velir". During the third century BCE, the Deccan was part of the Mauryan kingdom, and from the middle of the first century BCE to second century CE the same area was ruled by the Satavahana dynasty. The Tamil area had an independent existence outside the control of these northern empires.

The names of the three dynasties, Cholas, Pandyas, and Keralaputras or Cheras are mentioned in the Pillars of Ashoka (inscribed 273–232 BCE) inscriptions, where they are mentioned among the kingdoms, which though not subject to Ashoka, were on friendly terms with him.

Karikala Chola was the most famous early Chola. He is mentioned in a number of poems in the Sangam poetry.
Pandyas ruled initially from Korkai, a sea port on the southernmost tip of the Indian peninsula, and later moved to Madurai. Pandyas are also mentioned in Sangam literature, as well as by Greek and Roman sources during this period. The early Pandyas went into obscurity at the end of the third century CE during the incursion of the Kalabhras.

The kingdom of the Cheras comprised of the modern state of Kerala, along the western or Malabar Coast of southern India. Their proximity to the sea favoured trade with Africa. Internal and external trade was well organised and active.

After the close of the Sangam era, from about 300 to about 600 CE, there is an almost total lack of information. Some time about 300 CE, the whole region was upset by the appearance of the Kalabhras. These people are described in later literature as 'evil rulers' who overthrew the established Tamil kings. They did not leave many artefacts or monuments. The only source of information on them is the scattered mentions in Buddhist and Jain literature.

Jainism and Buddhism, took deep roots in the society, giving birth to a large body of ethical poetry. Writing became very widespread and "vatteluttu" evolved from the Tamil-Brahmi became a mature script for writing Tamil.

The medieval period of the history of the Tamil country saw the rise and fall of many kingdoms, some became empires, exerting influences both in India and overseas. The Hindu sects Saivism and Vaishnavism became more dominant, with temples being built and Dravidian architecture being supported by empires replacing the significance of Nastik Jainism and Buddhism. Some of the output of villages throughout the kingdom was given to temples that reinvested some of the wealth accumulated as loans to the settlements.

Tamil script replaced the "vatteluttu" script throughout Tamil Nadu for writing Tamil. Both secular and religious literature flourished during the period.

The seventh century Tamil Nadu saw the rise of the Pallavas under Mahendravarman I and his son "Mamalla" Narasimhavarman I. The Pallavas were not a recognised political power before the second century. After the fall of the Satavahanas, they began to get control over parts of Andhra and the Tamil country. The Pallavas were at their finest during the reigns of Narasimhavarman I and "Pallavamalla" Nandivarman II.

During the sixth and the seventh centuries, the western Deccan saw the rise of the Chalukyas based in Vatapi. The Pallavas had to fight on two fronts - against the Pandyas as wells as the Chalukyas.

Pandya Kadungon (560 - 590) is credited with the overthrow of the Kalabhras in the south. Pandya Cendan extended their rule to the Chera country. His son Arikesari Parantaka Maravarman (c. 650 - 700) had a long and prosperous rule. He fought many battles and extended the Pandya power. After some decades of expansion, the Pandya kingdom was large enough to pose a serious threat to the Pallava power. It continued to grow under Srimara and encroached further into the Pallava territories.

Around 850 Vijayalaya, made use of an opportunity arising out of a conflict between Pandyas and Pallavas, and captured Thanjavur and eventually established the imperial line of the medieval Cholas. Vijayalaya revived the Chola dynasty and his son Aditya I helped establish their independence. He invaded the Pallava kingdom in 903 and killed the Pallava king Aparajita in battle. The Chola kingdom under Parantaka I expanded to cover the entire Pandya country. However towards the end of his reign he suffered several reverses by the Rashtrakutas who had extended their territories well into the Chola kingdom.

The Cholas went into a temporary decline during the next few years due to weak kings, palace intrigues and succession disputes.

European settlements began to appear in the Tamil country during the Vijayanagara Empire. In 1605, the Dutch established trading posts in the Coromandel Coast near Gingee and in Pulicat. The British East India Company built a 'factory' (warehouse) at Armagaon (Durgarazpatnam), a village around 35 miles North of Pulicat, in 1626.
The conflict between the British and the French made the Emperor of Delhi issued a "firman" (decree) in 1765 recognizing the British possessions in southern India.

Although the Company was becoming increasingly bold and ambitious in putting down resisting states, it was getting clearer that the company was incapable of governing the vast expanse of the captured territories. In 1784 Pitt's India Act made the Company subordinate to the British Government. The territories controlled by the English expanded in the Anglo-Mysore Wars of 1766 to 1799, the Anglo-Maratha Wars of 1772 and the Polygar Wars of 1800-1805. Dheeran chinnamalai,the Tamil king won three wars against Britishers and at last he was hanged along with his two brothers. Then the British East India Company took control of Tamil Nadu.

The discontent in the various districts of the company territories exploded in 1857 into the Sepoy war. Although the rebellion had a huge impact on the colonial power in India, Tamil Nadu was mostly unaffected by it.
In 1858 the British Crown assumed direct rule in India.

Failure of the summer monsoons and administrative shortcomings of the Ryotwari system resulted in a severe famine in the Madras Presidency during 1876 - 1877.The government instituted a famine insurance grant, setting aside 1.5 million Rupees. Other civic works such as canal building and improvements in roads and railway were also undertaken to minimise effects of any future famines.

The growing desire for independence began to gradually gather pace in the country and its influence in Tamil Nadu generated a number of volunteers to the fight against the British colonial power in the struggle for Independence. Notable amongst these is Tiruppur Kumaran, who was born in 1904 in a small village near Erode. Kumaran died during a protest march against the British.

In 1916 Dr. T.M. Nair and Rao Bahadur Thygaraya Chetty released the "Non-Brahmin Manifesto" sowing the seeds for the Dravidian movements.

The trauma of the partition did not impact Tamil Nadu when India was granted Independence in 1947. There was no sectarian violence against various religions. There had always been an atmosphere of mutual respect and peaceful coexistence between all religions in Tamil Nadu. Congress formed the first ministry in the Madras Presidency. Rajaji was the first Chief Minister. Madras Presidency was eventually reconstituted as Madras State. The Madras state was named Tamil Nadu (the land of the Tamils) in 1968.

Ethnic conflict in Sri Lanka during the 1970s and the 80s saw large numbers of Sri Lankan Tamils fleeing to Tamil Nadu.
The politics of Tamil Nadu have gone through three distinct phases since independence. The domination of the Congress Party after 1947 gave way to the Dravidian populist mobilisation in the 1960s. This phase lasted until towards the end of the 1990s. The most recent phase saw the fragmentation of the Dravidian political parties and led to the advent of political alliances and coalition governments.


Leo Fender

Clarence Leonidas Fender (August 10, 1909 – March 21, 1991) also known as Leo Fender, was an American instrument maker.

He founded a company called Fender Electric Instrument Manufacturing Company. It makes electric guitars, electric bass guitars, and electric guitar amplifiers. Leo Fender designed electric guitars which he called the " Telecaster" and the "Stratocaster." Fender also designed the first bass guitar, which he called the "Precision Bass". In the 1960s, Fender designed another bass guitar, which he called the "Jazz Bass".

All of these instruments (the "Telecaster, Stratocaster, Precision Bass," and the "Jazz Bass") became popular. Fender Electric Instrument Manufacturing Company sold thousands and thousands of these instruments. Many rock and pop music bands from the 1960s to the 2000s use these electric guitars and electric bass guitars.

Fret

A fret is a thin strip of varying materials (most commonly metal, but occasionally gut or nylon) found on string instruments. Guitars, mandolins, and banjos have frets.

Frets are mounted on the long necks of the instrument. The frets help the musician playing the instrument to know where to place their fingers on the instrument.

On historical instruments and some non-European instruments, pieces of string tied around the neck are frets.
Frets divide the neck into sections related to a musical framework. On instruments such as guitars, each fret marks one semitone in the standard western system where one octave is divided into twelve semitones.

Amplifier

The word amplifier (sometimes called an amp) usually refers to an electronic amplifier. Electronic amplifiers make a signal from a radio or electric musical instrument (such as an electric guitar or an electric bass guitar) louder and stronger. Amplifiers are also hidden in any electronic thing that makes sound with loudspeakers. This includes televisions, radios, computers, and mp3 players, to name a few.

Amplifiers ability to use low impedance speakers may vary. Typical impedance is 8 ohms.

Classification can be done by current loss when amplifier is on but does not get signal. Example: A-class amplifier takes more current without signal than B-class amplifier but A-class amplifier have smaller distortion.

There is also several distortion types. 

Electronic amplifiers make a signal from the radio or electric instrument louder and stronger by using transistors or vacuum tubes. Electronic amplifiers have to be connected to electrical current or a battery to work. Once the signal from the radio or electric instrument has been made louder and stronger, the signal needs to be connected to a loudspeaker so that people can hear it.

When an amplifier tries to make the sound louder than it can, it adds distortion to the sound. Some amplifiers are made to add controlled distortion. Distortion from transistors sounds different than distortion from tubes. Distortion from tubes is often said to be more musical. Because of all this, more expensive amplifiers often add controlled distortion with tubes. Many of these amplifiers use transistors for a "clean" sound (without distortion).

From the 1920s until the 1950s, electronic amplifiers used vacuum tubes. However, electronic amplifiers with vacuum tubes were heavy, and they produced a lot of heat. They also broke down a lot. 

Since the 1960s, most electronic amplifiers have been built with transistors. Transistors are lighter, cheaper, and more reliable.

Ruda Śląska

Ruda Śląska is a city in Poland in Silesian Voivodeship. It has about 147 000 inhabitants and 77 km².

Rybnik

]
Rybnik is a city in Poland in Silesian Voivodeship. About 141,000 people live there. The city is about 148 km². Since 2014, the mayor of the city is Piotr Kuczera.

Tychy

Tychy is a city in Poland in Silesian Voivodeship. It has about 132 000 inhabitants and 81 km².

Dąbrowa Górnicza

Dąbrowa Górnicza is a city in Poland in Silesian Voivodeship. Around 131,000 people live here.

Płock

Płock is a city in Eastern Poland in the Masovia Voivodship. About 128,000 people live there and it is 88 km² big.

Loudspeaker

A loudspeaker, which is also called a loud-speaker or speaker, is an item that is used to create the sound in radios, television sets, and electric musical instrument amplifier systems.

Loudspeakers use both electric and mechanical principles to convert an electrical signal from a radio, television set or electric musical instrument into sound. For a loudspeaker to produce sound, the signal from the radio, television set, or electric musical instrument needs to be connected to an electronic amplifier. 

Loudspeakers are usually built by using a stiff paper cone, a coil of thin copper wire, and a circular magnet. The cone, copper wire, and magnet are usually mounted in a rectangle-shaped wood cabinet. The coil of copper wire moves back and forth when an electrical signal is passed through it. The coil of copper wire and the magnet cause the rigid paper cone to vibrate and reproduce sounds.

Inside the loudspeaker can be a audio crossover.

Some loudspeakers are designed for lower-pitched sounds, such as "woofer" loudspeakers or "subwoofer" loudspeakers. Other loudspeakers, which are called "tweeters", are designed to reproduce high-pitched sounds (such as the sound of a whistle or a bird singing).

Loudspeakers for electric musical instruments are usually much stronger and heavier than loudspeakers for radios or television sets. Their main function is to convert electrical signals given to it into sound signals.

Alexander Graham Bell invented the first audible loudspeaker in 1876. Bell invented the loudspeaker because he needed a device that would amplify sound for the telephone. In 1878, the inventor Werner von Siemens from Germany patented an improved type of electrodynamic loudspeaker which did not yet include an amplifier.


Chorzów

Chorzów is a city in Poland in Silesian Voivodeship. It has about 115,000 inhabitants and an area of 33 km².

Wałbrzych

Wałbrzych (pronounce: ['vawbʒix], German: "Waldenburg") is a town in southwestern Poland in the Lower Silesian Voivodeship. About 126 000 people live there and the area is 84 km². The city belonged to Germany until 1945. The original German population was expelled after WW II.

Organ trio

An organ trio is a type of jazz band with three musicians. Usually a jazz organ trio consists of a Hammond organ player, a drummer, and either a jazz guitarist or a saxophone player. 

Organ trios popular in the United States in the 1950s and 1960s. Organ trios usually performed jazz music that had influences from blues music. Organ trios are usually led by the organ player, who is called the leader of the trio.

Important organ trio leaders from the 1950s were organists such as Jimmy McGriff, Jimmy Smith, and Jack McDuff. In the late 1960s, organist Larry Young had a jazz fusion style organ trio. In the 1970s, Tony Williams had a jazz fusion band called "Lifetime" which was an organ trio. In the 1990s and 2000s, organist Joey DeFrancesco is an organ trio leader. 

The word "organ trio" is also used to refer to the type (or "genre") of music played by organ trios from the 1950s and 1960s. For example, a person might say "I want to listen to some organ trio music." This would usually mean that they want to listen to music by Jimmy McGriff, Jimmy Smith, Jack McDuff, or other well-known organ trio leaders.

Hegemony

Hegemony (pronounced with a soft or hard 'g') is the power of one group over other groups. Hegemony is mostly used to refer to relationships between different nations (or countries). This might be direct dominance, such as through military might, but may be indirect dominance, such as when a nation can dictate the terms of trade to its advantage.

Hegemony often describes the relationship of a great power to nearby less powerful countries. The term is Greek, and was first used about the influence of a great city over the cities which were allied to it. Examples are the Peloponnesian League of Sparta (6th to 4th centuries BC); the short-lived Delian League of Classical Athens. The later League of Corinth was headed not by a state, but by Philip II of Macedon. Such a hegemon is a king or ruler with personal power.

A hegemonic relationship is usually described as less than an empire, but more than a regional power. This means a hegemon may not actually take control of other nations, but has the power to greatly influence what they do. On the other hand, a global hegemon is more powerful than, say, Iran is in the Middle East.

A term made by Antonio Gramsci.It is a form of social control by the elites over the lower classes.  Here, ideas and opinions are enforced by them, so that the lower classes accept only the elite’s opinions and not their own.


James Callaghan

Leonard James "Jim" Callaghan, Baron Callaghan of Cardiff, (; 27 March 1912 – 26 March 2005) was a British Labour politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (UK) from 1976 to 1979.

Born in the 1910s, Callaghan was an old-style socialist, lacking any higher education, and served as Member of Parliament (MP) for a Cardiff constituency. He is the only person to have held all three leading UK Cabinet positions (Chancellor, Home Secretary and Foreign Secretary), prior to their premiership. He was never expected to reach the premiership, having taken a back seat to the younger and more charismatic Harold Wilson for many years. However, when Wilson unexpectedly announced his retirement in 1976, Callaghan was the most experienced candidate to replace him. His time as prime minister was one of more open government but the electorate was dissatisfied with his relaxed response to high inflation and more industrial unrest, and replaced Labour with a Conservative government under Margaret Thatcher.

Callaghan resigned as Leader of the Labour Party shortly afterwards, but remained an MP for some years before being sent to the House of Lords as Baron Callaghan of Cardiff.


Fulgencio Batista

Fulgencio Batista y Zaldívar (January 16, 1901 – August 6, 1973) was the military leader of Cuba from 1933 to 1940. He was a farm worker from eastern Cuba, and moved to Havana where he became a stenographer and a sergeant in the Army. He became a leader of a group of sergeants who wanted better pay. With others they overthrew President Gerardo Machado in 1933 and Batista ended up commanding the Army.

In 1940 Batista won election and was President of Cuba until 1944. In 1952 he made his own coup and ruled the country until 1959. His authoritarian government during this time caused opposition despite his attempt to placate critics with a 'show' election in 1954 were he ran without opposition. The opposition included the entire coalition that had overthrown Gerardo Machado. 

Fidel Castro's guerrilla movement overthrew Batista. This is known as the Cuban Revolution. Batista fled Cuba on January 1, 1959 and went to the Dominican Republic before moving on to Portugal, and finally to Spain where he died of a heart attack in 1973.

Sock puppet

A Sock puppet is a simple type of made with a sock. Most sock puppets have some fabric or plastic facial features added to the sock, such as eyes or a mouth. Some sock puppets may also have accessories such as a hat or clothing. Sock puppets are operated by putting a person's hand inside the sock.
Sock puppets are often used for entertaining people, especially children. People often present them on special stages that show sock puppets without showing the puppeteers (the people who use sock puppets) themselves.

In Canada, Ed the Sock is a sock puppet who has appeared on Canadian television shows since 1987. Ed the Sock appears in a weekly Toronto television series called "Ed's Night Party!". In the 1950s, comedian Soupy Sales made two sock puppets famous; 'White Fang' and 'Black Tooth'. Ventriloquist and puppeteer Shari Lewis delighted children with her lovable sock puppets 'Lamb Chop', 'Charlie Horse' and 'Hush Puppy'. They appeared on TV and in person for over four decades. 1950s TV sock puppets 'Kukla' and 'Ollie' appeared with a real person, Fran, who appeared in front of the stage in the long-running program Kukla, Fran and Ollie.

Smoke

Smoke is a cloud of very small, solid particles that is made when something is burned with a flame, such as wood or paper.

Smoke can be bad because if it goes into the lungs of a person, it can hurt their lungs or even kill them (for example, in a house fire). Most people think that they are always able to see smoke, but people cannot see some types of smoke: they are invisible.

Smoke removal systems redistribute gas flows and reduce the temperature and concentration of smoke during a fire. This helps in evacuating people, limiting the spread of fire; and extinguishing the fire.

When people smoke tobacco in cigars or cigarettes, they are burning the tobacco and inhaling the smoke. Tobacco smoke can hurt the mouth, throat, and lungs. It can cause mouth, throat, or lung cancer. It can also cause emphysema and bronchitis (trouble breathing). They continue doing it because the smoke also has a nicotine.

Factories and power plants produce large amounts of smoke into the atmosphere which pollutes the air. Eventually the toxic chemicals in smoke fall to the ground, and then they pollute the soil and the water. When the air, soil and water are polluted with toxic chemicals, the chemicals also get absorbed by plants and animals (including humans).

Friedrich Kellner

August Friedrich Kellner (born February 1, 1885 in Vaihingen an der Enz, Germany, died November 4, 1970 in Lich) was a German social democrat. He worked as a justice inspector. In the time of the Nazis in Germany, he wrote a secret diary. This became known as the Diary of Friedrich Kellner. After the war he said why he wrote it:

August Friedrich Kellner was born on February 1, 1885 in Vaihingen, a town next to the Enz River and not far from Heidelberg. He was the only child of Georg Friedrich Kellner, a baker from the village of Arnstadt in Thuringia, and Barbara Wilhelmine Vaigle from Bissingen. Friedrich’s parents belonged to the Evangelical Lutheran faith.

When Friedrich was four years old, his family moved to Mainz. There his father became the master baker at "Goebels Zuckerwerk".

In December 1902, when he was 17 years old, Kellner graduated from Goethe High School. He began work as a junior clerk in the courthouse in Mainz. He worked there from 1903 until 1933. He became a justice secretary, then an accountant, and finally a justice inspector.

In 1907 and 1908 Kellner had to fulfill his military reserve duty. He was assigned to the 6th Infantry Company of the Leibregiments Großherzogin (3. Großherzoglich Hessisches) Nr. 117 in Mainz.

In 1913 Friedrich Kellner married Pauline Preuss. She was from Mainz. Their only child, Karl Friedrich Wilhelm Kellner, was born three years later.

When the First World War began in 1914, Kellner was called back to active duty. He was an officer substitute in the Prinz Carl Infantry Regiment (4. Großherzoglich Hessisches Regiment) Nr. 118, in Worms. He fought in France at the battle of the Marne. Later, he was wounded near Reims. He was sent to St. Rochus Hospital in Mainz to recover.

Kellner was loyal to the Kaiser’s regime, but still he welcomed the birth of the German democracy after the war. He became a political organizer for the leading political party, the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). From those first days of the Weimar Republic, he spoke out against the danger of extremists, against Communists and the National Socialists (the Nazis). Kellner would show his opposition at rallies by holding Adolf Hitler’s book, Mein Kampf, above his head. He then shouted to the crowd: “Gutenberg, your printing press has been violated by this evil book.” On more than one occasion Kellner was beaten by the Nazis for expressing his views. 

Adolf Hitler wanted revenge against his political opponents. So two weeks before Hitler became Chancellor, Kellner took his wife and son into the country for safety. They moved to the village of Laubach, in Hesse. He worked in Laubach as the chief justice inspector in the district court. This means that he was in charge of the administration of the courthouse. In 1935 his son went to live in the United States because he did not want to go into Hitler’s army. 

In November 1938 there was a pogrom (an attack) against the Jews. This became known as Kristallnacht, the Night of the Broken Glass. Friedrich and Pauline Kellner tried to help their Jewish neighbors. The Kellners were warned by the Nazi leaders that they would suffer the same fate as their neighbors if they continued their resistance. Kellner was told he and his wife would be sent to a concentration camp if he continued to be a "bad influence" on the people of Laubach. A report written by the district Nazi leader, Hermann Engst, shows that authorities were planning to punish Kellner at the end of the war. Because he could not continue to speak out openly, Kellner wrote down his thoughts in a secret diary. He wanted his son, and the coming generations, to know that democracy must not give in to dictatorships. In the diary, he warns everyone to resist tyrants and terrorism, and to not believe in their propaganda.

The diary has 10 volumes with a total of 861 pages. It contains 676 individually dated entries. The entries are from September 1939 through May 1945. More than 500 newspaper clippings are pasted on the pages of the diary. 

Friedrich Kellner was an eyewitness to the events of his time. In his diary, he also offers a guide for future generations to prevent totalitarianism. He warns everyone to resist any ideology that would take away their personal freedoms, and he warns everyone to turn away from any belief that ignores the sanctity of human life.

One of the most important entries in the diary was written on October 28, 1941. Most Germans after the war said that they knew nothing about the Holocaust. However, very early in the war Kellner recorded this in his diary. He showed that even in the small towns, normal people knew what was happening:

At war’s end, Kellner helped to establish the SPD in Laubach, and he became the regional party chairman. He was the deputy mayor of Laubach in 1945 and 1946. From 1956 to 1960 he was First Town Councilor and deputy mayor. 

Friedrich Kellner was the chief justice inspector and administrator of the courthouse in Laubach until 1947. For the next two years he was the district auditor in the regional court in Giessen. He retired in 1950, but he continued to be a legal advisor in Laubach.

Kellner’s son, who had emigrated to America, died in 1953. In 1960 Kellner’s grandson, Robert Scott Kellner, traveled to Germany to meet his grandfather. Kellner gave his ten-volume diary to his American grandchild. He wanted him to translate it into different languages and bring it to the attention of the public.

On November 4, 1970, Friedrich Kellner died. He was buried at the side of his wife in the Mainz cemetery.

In 2007, the Canadian film company, CCI Entertainment of Toronto, made a documentary film about both Friedrich Kellner and his grandson Robert Scott Kellner. The film is called, "".


1996 Summer Olympics

The 1996 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXVI Olympiad, were held in Atlanta, United States from July 19 to August 4.

Eric Rudolph, a Christian fundamentalist, bombed the Centennial Olympic Park on July 27. Alice Hawthorne was killed in the explosion when a nail from the bomb penetrated her skull. Melih Uzunyol, a Turkish cameraman, had a fatal heart attack while running to the scene. The bomb wounded 111 others.
These were the top 10 teams at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
 Host nation (United States)

1984 Summer Olympics

The 1984 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXIII Olympiad, were held in Los Angeles, California, United States from July 28 to August 12.

Fifteen countries took part in the Soviet-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics:
"Listed in the chronological order of their withdrawal, not by alphabetical or any geographical order."

All the Asian countries above also boycotted at the 1986 Asian Games in Seoul, South Korea.

Four other countries also boycotted the games, citing political reasons, but were not part of the Soviet-led boycott:

Further to this, Kampuchea was largely unrecognized, and in any case would not have been allowed to compete.


1932 Summer Olympics

The 1932 Summer Olympics, officially known as Games of the X Olympiad, were held in Los Angeles, United States.

U.S. President Herbert Hoover did not attend the games. Despite this snub, the games were thought to be a success because the LA Olympics did not end up in debt.

Los Angeles was the first to provide an athletes' "village".

A total of 37 nations sent athletes to compete at the Los Angeles games.



1992 Summer Olympics

The 1992 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXV Olympiad, were held in Barcelona, Spain from 25 July to 9 August.


1988 Summer Olympics

The 1988 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXIV Olympiad, were held in Seoul, South Korea from September 17 to October 2.


Charles Aznavour

Charles Aznavour (22 May 1924 – 1 October 2018) was an Armenian-French singer, songwriter and actor. He was one of France's most popular and long lasting singers, and also one of the most well-known French singers in other countries.

He appeared in more than 60 movies and written more than 1000 songs (including 150 in English, 100 in Italian, 70 in Spanish, and 50 in German).

He has sold over 100 million albums. Aznavour started his final tour in late 2006. Aznavour was born as Shahnour Vaghinag Aznavouryan in Paris, the son of Armenian immigrants Michael Aznavouryan & Knar Baghdasaryan. His parents introduced him to the world of theatre at an early age. He dropped out of school at the age of nine, already aspiring to the life of an artist. He began to perform at this time, and soon took the stage name "Aznavour" which he was know by for the rest of his career.

His big break came when the singer Edith Piaf heard him sing and arranged to take him with her on tour in France and to the USA. Aznavours voice is shaded towards the tenor range, but possesses the low range and coloration more typical of a baritone, contributing to his unique sound.

On 1 October 2018 it was announced that Aznavour had died at his home in the village of Mouriès in the south of France at the age of 94. An autopsy report said Aznavour died of cardiopulmonary arrest caused by pulmonary edema.

movie director Levon Mkrtchyan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHEd5L1i6gg


Pallava dynasty

The Pallavas dynasty rose in Tamil Nadu (South India) during the seventh century under Mahendravarman I and his son Mamalla Narasimhavarman I. The Pallavas were not a recognised political power before the second century. After the fall of the "Satavahanas", they began to get control over parts of Andhra and the Tamil country. The Pallavas were at their finest during the reigns of Narasimhavarman I and Pallavamalla Nandivarman II.

Pandya dynasty

The Pandyan kingdom பாண்டியர் was an ancient Tamil state in South India of unknown antiquity. Pandyas were one of the three ancient Tamil kingdoms (Chola and Chera being the other two) who ruled the Tamil country from pre-historic times until end of the 15th century. They ruled initially from Korkai, a sea port on the southern most tip of the Indian peninsula, and in later times moved to Madurai.

Rockabilly

Rockabilly is an early type of rock and roll music. It developed in the 1950s in the United States. Rockabilly was very popular amongst teenagers. Many parents of teenagers did not like rockabilly music, because it had lyrics which talked about rebelling against rules, sex and drinking alcohol. Rockabilly musicians often wear slicked-back hair, jeans, and leather jackets.

Rockabilly music has musical styles from blues music and country music. It uses the acoustic guitar, the electric guitar, the double bass, drums, and singing. Some Rockabilly songs also use the piano or the harmonica. Rockabilly music usually has a strong rhythm from the double bass being played in a "slap" style. Rockabilly singers often use a wide range, with high notes and many shouts like “go man go” and "yeah!"

One of the earliest musicians who played rockabilly music was Elvis Presley. Another famous rockabilly musician was Carl Perkins, who wrote the popular song "Blue Suede Shoes". Jerry Lee Lewis was a piano player who sang. Jerry Lee Lewis was known for his crazy behavior on stage, which audiences liked. Lewis would play the piano with his feet, elbows and butt.

Gene Vincent was a rockabilly musician who wore black leather and sang songs about sex and getting into trouble. Vincent's most popular song is “Be-Bop-A-Lula”. Eddie Cochran wrote songs about teen life, and had hit songs like “Summertime Blues” and “C’mon Everybody.”

Rockabilly became popular again in the 1980s, when bands such as the Stray Cats became popular. In the 1990s and 2000s, there are still many bands playing rockabilly music or music influenced by rockabilly, such as Tiger Army.

Blu-ray Disc

Blu-ray Disc is a high-density optical disc format similar to DVD. Blu-ray is the type of disc used for PlayStation 3 games and for playing high-definition (HD) movies. In the past, there were other standards for such movies, such as the HD DVD format. Blu-ray won what is called the "format war" between 2006 and 2008.

A dual-layer Blu-ray disc can store up to 50GB (gigabytes) of data. This is over five times the capacity of a DVD, and over 70 times more than a CD or VCD.

The disc was developed by the Blu-ray Disc Association (BDA), a group of consumer electronics, personal computer and media manufacturers, and released in 2006. The format was developed for recording, rewriting and playback of high-definition video (HD), as well as storing large amounts of data.

Older optical disc technologies such as DVD, DVD±R, DVD±RW, and DVD-RAM used a red laser to read and write data. The new format used a blu laser instead. This is where the name is from.



Stray Cats

The Stray Cats were a Rockabilly band from the United States. They had several hit songs in the 1980s. The Stray Cats played a style of pop music called Rockabilly, which mixes 1950s-style rock and roll, blues music, and country music together. The Stray Cats' music is like the 1950s Rockabilly songs by Elvis Presley and Carl Perkins. Three of the bands' hit songs were "Runaway Boys," "Rock This Town," and "Stray Cat Strut."

The Stray Cats band was formed in 1979 by Brian Setzer, with two of his school friends Leon Drucker (who used the stage name "Lee Rocker") and James McDonnell (who used the stage name "Slim Jim Phantom"). These young men lived in Massapequa, New York.

The Stray Cats wore blue jeans and leather jackets, and had their hair slicked back. The Stray Cats had a singer who played electric guitar, a double bass player, and a drummer.


National Security Advisor (United States)

The National Security Advisor, officially known as the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs, serves as the top advisor to the President of the United States on national security issues. This person serves on the National Security Council within the President's Executive Office.

The National Security Advisor is appointed by the President, and does not have to be approved by the United States Senate. The current National Security Advisor is Jake Sullivan. 

Chera dynasty

The Chera dynasty (Tamil: சேரர் Malayalam: േചര ) was one of the ancient Tamil dynasties who ruled the southern India from ancient times until around the fifteenth century CE. The Early Cheras ruled over the Malabar Coast, Coimbatore, Karur and Salem Districts in South India, which now forms part of the modern day Kerala and Tamil Nadu states of India.

Chola dynasty

The Chola dynasty (சோழர் குலம்) was a Tamil dynasty that ruled in southern India until the 13th century. The dynasty came from the fertile valley of the Kaveri River. 
"Karikala Chola" was the most famous among the early Chola kings, while "Rajaraja Chola", "Rajendra Chola" and "Kulothunga Chola" I were famous emperors of the medieval Cholas.

The Cholas were at the height of their power during the tenth, eleventh and twelfth centuries. Under Rajaraja Chola I (Rajaraja the Great) and his son Rajendra Chola, the dynasty became a military, economic and cultural power in Asia. The Chola territories stretched from the islands of the Maldives in the South to as far North as the banks of the Ganges River in Bangladesh.

Ayn Rand

Alice O'Connor (born Alisa Zinovyevna Rosenbaum , .., 1905 – March 6, 1982), better known by her pen name Ayn Rand (), was a Russian-born American writer, screenwriter, playwright and philosopher.

She published several popular books in the United States during the mid-1900s, including her two best-selling novels, "Atlas Shrugged" and "The Fountainhead", plus "We the Living" and "Anthem". Her novels promoted a viewpoint of laissez-faire capitalism as a political and social goal. It is a kind of political philosophy known in the U.S.A. as libertarian conservatism. She called this philosophy 'objectivism'.

Her husband was American actor and artist Frank O'Connor.

Rand was born in St. Petersburg, Russia and grew up during the Russian Revolution, in the years after World War I. She left Russia to visit relatives in Chicago in the United States when she was 21 years old. She did not want to return to live under Communism, and stayed in the US. She changed her name, partly to protect her family in Russia. Rand moved to California to become a movie writer.

Movies at the time did not have sound, and stories were mimed on camera. Dialogue was not important, so Rand could write simple stories while she improved her English language skills.

Rand met Frank O'Connor on a movie set, when they both appeared as extras. When O'Connor married Rand in 1929, she could live permanently in America. She later became an American citizen. O'Connor gave up his acting career, to work full-time so Rand could write full-time. Later he retired, when Rand's work made a good income. He began painting late in his life. He died in 1979.

Rand was a longtime tobacco smoker. She had lung cancer, but she recovered from the disease after surgery. She died of cardiovascular disease in New York City on March 6, 1982.

Rand's first book was "We the Living". It is about life in Russia during and after the Russian Revolution, and how life in the later Soviet Union destroys the dreams and hopes of its main characters, who are mostly young people.

Her second book was "Anthem", which is a science fiction novella, a dystopian story about a man named Equality 7-2521 who lives in a future society. In that place, everybody is given their name by the government, and nobody can use the words "I" or "me". He escapes from this society with a partner, to live freely in a house in a hidden place.

Her stage play "Woman on Trial" (better known as "Night of January 16th") used audience members as a jury, to decide the play's outcome (by voting the lead character guilty or not guilty) each time it was performed. Some celebrities, such as Helen Keller, appeared as jury members.

Her third novel was "The Fountainhead". It is about an architect, who wants to have control over his building designs, and does not like when he has to compromise his building designs. "The Fountainhead" became a best-seller, and was made into a movie starring Gary Cooper and Patricia Neal.

Her fourth novel was "Atlas Shrugged". It is her longest book. It was also a best-seller. It tells a story about a worldwide economic crisis. This is caused by the best minds in business, industry, and science, and after a while all thinking people, quitting their jobs and disappearing. This is a protest against government regulations that get in the way of their work or make it harder to do.

The more that governments get in the way, the worse conditions become, until society collapses. A new future begins when the people who disappeared return, and governments adopt laissez-faire principles, that do not try to control how businesses work, or misuse innovations.

After writing "Atlas Shrugged", she wrote non-fiction books about her Objectivist ideas. She published "The Objectivist Newsletter", which then became "The Objectivist" magazine, with contributions by other writers. She also published "The Ayn Rand Letter", a later newsletter about her ideas. Rand's views are typical libertarian–conservative views. Freedom of the individual, the evils of 'large' government, the economic benefits of low taxes and 'small' government, the 'open' society: these are values which run through all her work.

Rand invented a philosophy that she called "Objectivism". She was against communism, socialism, and collectivism, which are political systems where a community or the government of a country takes charge of distribution of that country's goods and products.

She opposed altruism, which she viewed as a form of self-sacrifice. She favored a form of rational selfishness.

She also thought that countries should have very small governments. Rand did not think that welfare payments to poor people were a good thing, because this involves using force to take money away from others. She believed that charity (giving money away) could be a good thing if the person giving the money wanted and chose to do it, but she did not think that people should be expected or forced to give away their money.

She was against religion, and was an atheist.




Laubach

Laubach is a town in the district of Giessen, in Hesse, Germany. Laubach is known as a “Luftkurort," which means “fresh air resort.” Laubach is a small town. It has a population of about 10,000 people. It is east of the city of Giessen. Surrounding Laubach are the small towns of Hungen, Grünberg, Schotten and Lich.

The Laubach woods are part of the foothills of the Vogelsberg (Bird Mountain). Laubach is an area of interest to tourists because it has many historic and colorful half-timbered ("fachwerk") buildings. The main attraction is the castle. The castle was built in the thirteenth century. It belongs to the Count Solms-Laubach family. One of the largest private libraries in Europe is inside the castle. The castle library has more than 120,000 books and manuscripts. In the Johann Gutenberg Museum in Mainz is an original Gutenberg Bible which came from the castle library. The castle grounds include a large park. There is a lake for swans in the park. The park is open to the public without charge.

The Evangelical Lutheran Church in Laubach used to be named St. Maria. The oldest part of the church was built in the twelfth century. The church was renovated in the eighteenth century. Inside the church is a baroque organ.

The main street of Laubach is Friedrichstrasse. On this street is the former district courthouse , and the city hall, and the Heimat Museum.

The Heimat Museum is the local history museum. It was originally built near the town of Gonterskirchen in 1750 by Count August Solms-Laubach. The building was moved to its present location in 1832. For many years it was a school. Now it is a museum. In the museum is a permanent exhibit honoring Friedrich Kellner.




Alexander Litvinenko

Alexander Valterovich Litvinenko (30 August or 4 December 1962 – 23 November 2006) was a lieutenant-colonel in the Russian Security Service. Later he was a dissident and writer who was later poisoned and killed in 2006.

In September 2021, the European Court of Human Rights ruled that Russia was responsible for Litvinenko's poisoning.

Litvinenko worked for the KGB and the FSB through the 1980s and 1990s. Later, he accused his bosses of planning to assassinate Russian billionaire Boris Berezovsky. As a result, he was arrested, but later released by Russian authorities. Afterwards, he fled to the United Kingdom and was given British citizenship.

While he was in Russia, Litvinenko tried to publish a book in which he said President Vladimir Putin rose to power with help of the FSB. He said the FSB tried to cover this up by frightening Russians by bombing apartment buildings in Moscow. He said the FSB then pinned the blame on terrorists operating from Chechnya.

On 1 November 2006, Litvinenko suddenly became sick and was hospitalized. He died in London three weeks later, as a result of poisoining by polonium-210. The news of his death spread around the world, and many felt the poisoning was done by the Russian government. Vladimir Putin and Kremlin spokesmen have repeatedly denied this, and many new leads have been taken upon during the case. Although there are some suspects and theories in the murder, no official arrest has been made yet.

Unlike most common radiation sources, polonium-210 emits only alpha particles. These do not penetrate even a sheet of paper or human skin. Thus they are invisible to normal radiation detectors. Hospitals only have equipment to detect gamma rays. Both gamma rays and alpha particles are classified as ionizing radiation, and can cause radiation sickness.

An alpha-emitting substance can cause damage only if taken in (as food or drink) or inhaled (breathed in). It acts on living cells like a short-range weapon. Litvinenko was tested for alpha-emitters using special equipment only hours before his death.


Coprophilia

Coprophilia is a sexual fetish people have where they enjoy coming into contact with feces. Possible other names for coprophilia include scat-play, scat kink, or shit kink. Coprophilia is said to be liking the smell, taste, or feel of feces in a sexual way. The feeling can be either through touching the skin or through rubbing the penis head against feces. Enjoyment can also be made from the feeling of feces passing through the anus, or having a sexual partner excrete feces onto their chest.

Eating feces is also known as coprophagia. This is bad for one's body. A person who eats feces is at risk of falling ill with hepatitis, infection, and HIV/AIDS. Those with weak immune systems should not eat feces. There are also social problems with eating feces. It causes bad breath, is commonly seen as disgusting, and is taboo.

There are those who make movies involving coprophilia and coprophagia. This is called scatology. One of the more famous pornographic films involving coprophila is known as Hungry Bitches, a pornographic movie produced by MFX Media. The opening scene that became an internet reaction video trend is known as "Two Girls One Cup." Creators would have a friend, family member, or sibling watch "Two Girls One Cup" and record and post their (usually digust-filled and comedic) reaction to the film.

Kalabhra dynasty

The Kalabhra dynasty ruled over entire Tamil country in South Indian between the 3rd and the 6th century C.E..

They won over the ancient Chola, Pandya and Chera dynasties and replaced them. There is little information about their origin and details about their reign. They did not leave any monuments. The only source of information on them are to be found in Buddhist and Jain literature. They were displaced around the 7th century by the revival of Pallava and Pandya power.

Hindu scholars and authors who wrote in the 7th and 8th century C.E. when Pandya and Pallava had taken over again have written very little about the Kalabhra in their texts. Perhaps therefore the period of their rule is known as a ‘Dark Age’ – an interregnum.

NASCAR

NASCAR (National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing) is an American organization that operates different auto racing series. The company was founded by Bill France Sr., and since August 6 2018 Jim France has been the CEO. The three largest racing series run by NASCAR are the NASCAR Cup Series, the NASCAR Xfinity Series, and the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series. In addition to the three national series, NASCAR also organizes racing at over 1,500 short tracks around The United States, Canada, Mexico, and Europe.

The NASCAR Cup Series is the highest level of racing in NASCAR. Drivers race in 36 races a year, and the driver with the most points at the end of the year is awarded the NASCAR Cup. The closest championship battle was in 2011, and was won by Tony Stewart, who finished the season tied in driver points with Carl Edwards. Stewart won the Cup with five race wins on the season to Edwards' one. This ended a streak of five Sprint Cup wins by Jimmie Johnson. Kyle Busch was the 2019 Cup Series champion. It was his second championship. He won his first championship in 2015.

The series began in 1949 as the Strictly Stock Series, and became the Grand National Series the next year. In 1971, R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company became the series sponsor, and named it the Winston Cup Series after one of its cigarette brands. After the 2003 season, a new sponsorship deal was reached with Nextel Communications, a mobile phone company, and the series became the Nextel Cup Series. The Sprint Cup name was first used in 2008, after Nextel was purchased by another phone company, Sprint, to form Sprint Nextel. After the 2016 season a new sponsorship deal reached with Monster Energy, an energy drink, and the series became the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. Monster Energy was the series sponsor through 2019. In 2020, the series does not have a main sponsor. Instead, there are four "premier partner" sponsors for the series. These sponsors are Coca-Cola, Busch Beer, Xfinity, and GEICO.

Richard Petty, Dale Earnhardt, and Jimmie Johnson have the most NASCAR Cup Series championships. They each have seven championships.

The Xfinity Series is often called the minor series of NASCAR. Drivers who wish to drive in the NASCAR Cup series often race here first. Drivers race in 33 races, and the driver with the most points at the end of the year becomes the Xfinity Series champion.

The series grew out of NASCAR's Sportsman division, created in 1950 as a short track racing division. It became a national touring series in 1982. The new series was sponsored by Anheuser-Busch, first as the Budweiser Grand National Series and then as the Busch Grand National Series beginning in 1984. In 2003, NASCAR chose to drop the "Grand National" part of the name, making the competition the Busch Series. After Anheuser-Busch told NASCAR it would not renew its sponsorship after the 2007 season, Nationwide Insurance became the new sponsor starting in 2008. It left at the end of 2014 and the series became the Xfinity series in 2015. Tyler Reddick was the 2019 Xfinity Series champion. It was his second championship in a row. He won his first championship in 2018.

Tyler Reddick is one of the few drivers who have won multiple Xfinity Series championships. The most championships ever won in the Xfinity Series by a single driver are 2. Drivers who have won 2 championships include Sam Ard, Jack Ingram, Larry Pearson, Randy LaJoie, Dale Earnhardt Jr., Martin Truex Jr., Kevin Harvick, Ricky Stenhouse Jr., and Tyler Reddick.

The Craftsman Truck Series is pickup truck racing. This series is often known simply as the "Truck Series". The drivers race in 23 races a year. The driver with the most points at the end of the year is called the Craftsman Truck Series Champion.

The series began in 1995 with American department store Sears as sponsor, using its well-known Craftsman brand of tools. The first season was known as the SuperTruck Series presented by Craftsman; the name changed to Craftsman Truck Series the next year. Sears ended its sponsorship of the series after the 2008 season. Camping World, which sells camping supplies and parts and services for recreational vehicles, became the new sponsor in 2009. In 2019, Gander Outdoors became the title sponsor. In 2023, the series is once again called the Craftsman Truck Series. Ben Rhodes is the 2021 and 2023 Truck Champion.

Ron Hornaday, Jr. has the most NASCAR Truck Series championships. He has four championships.

The unofficial racing that became NASCAR started during the Prohibition Era of the 1920s. From 1920 to 1933, it was illegal for people in the United States to sell or drink alcoholic beverages. Even though it was illegal, people still made beer and whiskey (or also known as "moonshine"), and the makers needed people to drive their illegal whiskey to their customers. The drivers were known as "bootleggers". These bootleggers were known for making their cars' engines faster and driving fast. Eventually, they got together and started racing to see whose car was the fastest. These unofficial races became NASCAR. TV coverage of NASCAR races has grown considerably since it started in 1972.


Monument

A monument is a statue, building, or something else made to remember a person or important event. They are often designed as artistic objects to improve the look of a city or place. 


Monument (disambiguation)

Monument may mean:

Wikinews

Wikinews is a free-content news wiki and a project of the Wikimedia Foundation. The news articles are written by users working together with each other. Old articles are archived, and protected so that people cannot change it anymore, except if an edit request is given. Every article has a talk page where people can talk about the news in the article. The article is then peer-reviewed by an editor to see if it is ready to be published, and to publish it if it is.

Wikinews is under the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License, which is different from the license that the other Wikimedia projects are under.


1980 Summer Olympics

The 1980 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXII Olympiad, were held in Moscow, Soviet Union from July 19 to August 3.

Sixty-five countries that were invited to the 1980 Olympics, plus Qatar, did not participate for various reasons, including support for the boycott and economic reasons. (Qatar's 1980 IOC recognition came too late for it to be invited.) Taiwan refused to participate as a result of the 1979 Nagoya Resolution, in which the People's Republic of China agreed to participate in IOC activities if Taiwan was referred to as "Chinese Taipei". However, China boycotted the 1980 Moscow Games as well.


These are the 10 countries that won the most medals in the 1980 Summer Olympics.


500s

The 500s was a decade that began on 1 January 500 and ended on 31 December 509.

480s

The 480s was a decade that began on 1 January 480 and ended on 31 December 489.


930s

Below are some of the important events that happened from 930 to 939.



























890s

The 890s was the decade that started on January 1, 890 and ended on December 31, 899.



950s

The 950s was a decade that started on 1 January 950 and ended on 31 December 959.





























Jenna Jameson

Jenna Jameson (born Jenna Marie Massoli on April 9, 1974) is a former American porn star. She grew up in Montana. She started making pornographic movies in 1993. Within three years, she had won the three awards in the adult movie industry. She has since won more than 20 adult movie awards, and has been inducted into both the X-Rated Critics Organization and Adult Video News Halls of Fame.

In 2004, she wrote an autobiography, "How to Make Love Like a Porn Star: A Cautionary Tale". The book was at the top of the "New York Times" Best Seller list for six weeks.

Born a Roman Catholic she officially converted to Orthodox Judaism in 2016, so she could marry her Israeli boyfriend.

On January 12, 2022, Jameson announced that she was suffering from Guillain–Barré syndrome.

Klingon Language Institute

The Klingon Language Institute (KLI) is an organization who helps to teach and learn the Klingon language. Klingon is a language that has been made for the television show "Star Trek". In the television show, the Klingons are a fictional (made-up) alien people who do not come from Earth.

The KLI is in Flourtown, Pennsylvania (USA). The organization started in 1992. For many years, students of the KLI got a small book called ' (Klingon for "language science") four times a year. Today, they can only get this booklet through the internet. Each year they have a meeting called " (the Klingon word for "big meeting"). Every student of the KLI can go to this meeting. At the meeting, they can speak and learn the Klingon language.

At the "" of the year 2003, a documentary movie about the KLI was made. Its name is
"Earthlings: Ugly Bags of Mostly Water". This movie was shown at the Cannes Film Festival in France.

The leader of the KLI is its founder Lawrence M. Schoen, Ph.D.

From time to time a so-called Beginners' Grammarian is chosen from the best Klingon speakers. His duty is to help and teach the beginners of the Klingon language, especially in the Klingon email discussion group, which anyone can use. When his duty is over, he can still be called "Grammarian". Today, the KLI has about 20 of those former Beginners' Grammarians.

The KLI talks very often with Marc Okrand, the person who made the Klingon language. Since the third he has visited each one. When he is there, the students give him a list with words that they like to know. Not all the words are translated into Klingon. When he makes these new words, members of the KLI can read them in ".

Rich Yampell (known to people who speak Klingon as " or "Captain Krankor"), a software engineer currently living in Bellevue, Washington, is probably the world's first person to speak Klingon in normal conversation. He is the author of the book "The Grammarian's Desk," published in 1996 by the Klingon Language Institute, a collection of the columns he wrote for the institute's scholarly journal "." Yampell is also the author and co-author of many songs, such as the Klingon Anthem " " (music and lyrics), " " (music and lyrics), "" (music).

Dr. d'Armond Speers is an American computational linguist (a word dude who works with talkie boxes) and a member of the KLI.

He graduated from Georgetown University in 2002. His final work topic was "Representation of American Sign Language for Machine Translation." 

Dr. Speers has tried to teach his child in Klingon; He only spoke to him in Klingon, and his wife spoke to him in English. When the child became older, he did not want to learn Klingon any more, because there was nobody to talk in Klingon.

Dr. Lawrence M. Schoen is the founder and current director of the KLI. He makes the institute's journal "". He has organized almost every , only two were organized by somebody else.

He obtained a bachelor's degree in psycholinguistics from California State University, Northridge, and then master's and doctoral degrees in psychology from Kansas State University. He has worked as a professor, teaching and doing research, at New College of Florida, Lake Forest College, Chestnut Hill College, and West Chester University. More recently he serves as the director of research and chief compliance officer for the Wedge Medical Center.

He also writes books about science fiction, and is a member of SFWA. In the year 2007 he was nominated for the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer.

He lives in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania USA. There he has a post office box in Flourtown, the international headquarters of the KLI.







Journalism

Journalism is a type of writing. It includes writing for newspapers, news shows on television, news shows on radio, and news magazine. 

There are many different news and information jobs in the field of journalism, such as the jobs of newspaper reporter, television news anchor, writer, editor, sub-editor, illustrator, and photographer. People who work in journalism jobs are called journalists.

While various existing codes have some differences, most share common elements including the principles of – truthfulness, accuracy, objectivity, impartiality, fairness and public accountability – as these apply to the acquisition of newsworthy information and its subsequent dissemination to the public.


Tim Berners-Lee

Sir Timothy John "Tim" Berners-Lee (born 8 June 1955) is the English inventor of the World Wide Web and he created a new computer language called HTML (Hypertext Markup Language) which most web pages are written in. The first web page was available on 6 August 1991.

Berners-Lee now leads the World Wide Web Consortium. That is an organization that looks after the World Wide Web.
He is the author of the book "Weaving the Web". He is a director of The Web Science Research Initiative (WSRI), and a member of the advisory board of the MIT Center for Collective Intelligence. In April 2009, he was elected as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences, based in Washington, D.C. In 1999, Time Magazine named Berners-Lee one of the 100 Most Important People of the 20th Century.
In March 2000 he was awarded an honorary degree from the Open University as Doctor of the university.

Tim Berners-Lee was born in London, on 8 June 1955. He is the son of Conway Berners-Lee and Mary Lee Woods. First, he attended Sheen Mount primary school. Then he went on to Emanuel School in London, from 1969 to 1973. After that, he studied at Queen's College, Oxford, from 1973 to 1976. While he was there, he received a first-class degree in Physics.

In 1989, while working at CERN, the European Particle Physics Laboratory in Geneva, Switzerland, Tim Berners-Lee proposed a global hypertext project, to be known as the World Wide Web. Based on the earlier "Enquire" work, it was designed to allow people to work together by combining their knowledge in a web of hypertext documents. He wrote the first World Wide Web server, ""httpd"", and the first client, ""WorldWideWeb"" a what-you-see-is-what-you-get hypertext browser/editor which ran in the NeXTStep environment. This work was started in October 1990, and the program "WorldWideWeb" first made available within CERN in December, and on the Internet at large in the summer of 1991.

Through 1991 and 1993, Tim continued working on the design of the Web, coordinating feedback from users across the Internet. His initial specifications of URIs, HTTP and HTML were refined and discussed in larger circles as the Web technology spread.

Tim Berners-Lee graduated from the Queen's College at Oxford University, England, 1976. Whilst there he built his first computer with a soldering iron, TTL gates, an M6800 processor and an old television.

He spent two years with Plessey Telecommunications Ltd (Poole, Dorset, UK) a major UK Telecom equipment manufacturer, working on distributed transaction systems, message relays, and bar code technology.

In 1978 Tim left Plessey to join D.G Nash Ltd (Ferndown, Dorset, UK), where he wrote among other things typesetting software for intelligent printers, and a multitasking operating system.

A year and a half spent as an independent consultant included a six-month stint (Jun-Dec 1980) as consultant software engineer at CERN. Whilst there, he wrote for his own private use his first program for storing information including using random associations. Named "Enquire" and never published, this program formed the conceptual basis for the future development of the World Wide Web.

From 1981 until 1984, Tim worked at John Poole's "Image Computer Systems Ltd", with technical design responsibility. Work here included real time control firmware, graphics and communications software, and a generic macro language. In 1984, he took up a fellowship at CERN, to work on distributed real-time systems for scientific data acquisition and system control. Among other things, he worked on FASTBUS system software and designed a heterogeneous remote procedure call system.

In 1994, Tim founded the World Wide Web Consortium at the then Laboratory for Computer Science (LCS) which merged with the Artificial Intelligence Lab in 2003 to become the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Since that time he has served as the Director of the World Wide Web Consortium a Web standards organization which develops interoperable technologies (specifications, guidelines, software, and tools) to lead the Web to its full potential. The Consortium has host sites located at MIT, at ERCIM in Europe, and at Keio University in Japan as well as Offices around the world.

In 1999, he became the first holder of 3Com Founders chair at MIT. In 2008 he was named 3COM Founders Professor of Engineering in the School of Engineering, with a joint appointment in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at CSAIL where he also leads the Decentralized Information Group (DIG). Co-Chaired by Dr. Lalana Kagal, the DIG Research Group works on projects including: how to re-decentralize the Web and help radically change the way Web applications work today, resulting in true data ownership; working to ensure the rights of users in big data and analytics and systems; as well as harnessing mobile technologies to aid during disaster relief and help society. In 2016, Sir Tim joined the Computer Science Department at the University of Oxford as a professor.

In 2008 he founded and became Director of the World Wide Web Foundation. The Web Foundation is a non-profit organisation devoted to achieving a world in which all people can use the Web to communicate, collaborate and innovate freely. The Web Foundation words to fund and coordinate efforts to defend the Open Web and further its potential to benefit humanity.

In June 2009 then Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced that he would work with the UK Government to help make data more open and accessible on the Web, building on the work of the Power of Information Task Force. Sir Tim was a member of The Public Sector Transparency Board tasked to drive forward the UK Government's transparency agenda. He has promoted open government data globally, is a member of the UK's Transparency Board.

In 2011 he was named to the Board of Trustees of the Ford Foundation, a globally oriented private foundation with the mission of advancing human welfare. He is President of the UK's Open Data Institute which was formed in 2012 to catalyse open data for economic, environmental, and social value.

He is the author, with Mark Fischetti, of the 1999 book "Weaving the Web" on the past, present and future of the Web.

On March 18 2013, Sir Tim, along with Vinton Cerf, Robert Kahn, Louis Pouzin and Marc Andreesen, was awarded the Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering for "ground-breaking innovation in engineering that has been of global benefit to humanity."

On 4 April 2017, Sir Tim was awarded the ACM A.M. Turing Prize for inventing the World Wide Web, the first web browser, and the fundamental protocols and algorithms allowing the Web to scale. The Turing Prize, called the "Nobel Prize of Computing" is considered one of the most prestigious awards in Computer Science.



Berners-Lee, T.J., et al., "", Electronic Publishing: Research, Applications and Policy, April 1992.

Berners-Lee T.J., et al, "", Communications of the ACM, Volume 37 Issue 8, August 1994, Pages 76-82

Tim Berners-Lee with Mark Fischetti, Harper San Francisco, 1999

Tim Berners-Lee, Dan Connolly, Ralph R. Swick "", W3C Note, 1999/6-7.

Berners-Lee, Tim. and Hendler, James "", Nature, April 26 2001 p. 1023–1025.

Berners-Lee, Tim; Hendler, James and Lassila, Ora "", Scientific American, May 2001, p. 29-37.

James Hendler, Tim Berners-Lee and Eric Miller, <nowiki>"</nowiki>, Journal of the Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan,

Vol 122(10), October, 2002, p. 676-680

Hendler, J., Berners-Lee, T.J., and Miller, E., ' ', Journal of the Institute of Electrical Engineers of Japan, Vol 122(10), October, 2002, p. 676-680.

Nigel Shadbolt, Wendy Hall, Tim Berners-Lee, "", IEEE Intelligent Systems Journal, May/June 2006, pp 96-101

, 12th-13th September, 2005. Hosted by the British Computer Society, London

Tim Berners-Lee, Wendy Hall, James Hendler, Nigel Shadbolt, Daniel J. Weitzner, Science Vol. 313, 11 August 2006, pp. 769-771

Tim-Berners Lee, Wendy Hall, James A. Hendler, Kieron O'Hara, Nigel Shadbolt and Daniel J. Weitzner, Foundations and Trends in Web Science, Volume 1, Issue 1 (also available as a book: 144pp September 2006)

Nigel Shadbolt, Tim Berners-Lee "", Scientific American, Vol. 299, No. 4, P. 76, October 2008

Christian Bizer, Tom Heath, Tim Berners-Lee, "" (pdf), International Journal on Semantic Web and Information Systems (IJSWIS), 5(3): 1-22. DOI: 10.4018/jswis.2009081901, 2009

Tim Berners-Lee, ", Scientific America, Vol. 22, November 2010

The Queen's College, Oxford University, England, BA Hons (I) Physics, 1973–1976.

Emanuel School, London 1969–73

Born London, England, 8 June 1955. Married to Rosemary Leith.

Assimilation

Assimilation can mean: 


Assimilation (biology)

Assimilation in biology, is the combination of two processes which get nutrients for cells.

The first (in animals) is eating and digesting food. Food is absorbed and broken down. This is done by physical breakdown (chewing and stomach churning), then chemical breakdown by enzymes and acids) The results are absorbed into the bloodstream.

The second process of is the chemical alteration of substances in the bloodstream by the liver. Many compounds needed by cells are done by this second process. Both the liver and cellular secretions can be very specific in their action. This second process is where the absorbed food reaches the cells via the liver.



Vaihingen

Vaihingen an der Enz is a town in the southern German state of Baden-Württemberg. It is on the banks of the Enz river between the large cities of Stuttgart and Karlsruhe. About 30,000 people live there.

Vaihingen is an old city, going back as far as the year 799 CE. Vaihingen was formally established as a town by Count Gottfried von Vaihingen in the year 1252. After theReformation, Vaihingen became a Protestant city. During the Thirty Years' War (1618-1648), Vaihingen became a battle ground between the Protestants and Catholics. The Revolution of 1848 hurt the economy in Vaihingen. Many people left Vaihingen to look for work in other towns. In the early 1900s, a railroad connection was made to Vaihingen. That brought more people, and also businesses, to Vaihingen. In 1938 Vaihingen became the regional center.


Integration

Integration may be any of the following:


Cultural assimilation

Cultural assimilation, or absorption (but that word also has other meanings), is an intense process of consistent integration in which members of an ethno-cultural group, typically immigrants or other minority groups, are "absorbed" into an established, generally larger community, with the intent to change one culture to make them similar to another. That causes a loss of all or many of the characteristics that make the newcomers different. A region or society where assimilation is occurring sometimes referred to as a "melting pot." In essence, cultural assimilation is many different cultural groups working towards one unified goal. 
From a historical perspective, assimilation is how an individual or minority group loses its original culture when absorbed into another culture. In the context of colonialism, it is a policy of total integration of colonies into the colonizing country. Assimilation is often remembered as painful or coercive.



New wave music

New Wave (or New Wave music) is a style of rock music that developed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. New wave music was inspired by the punk rock movement.

New Wave music is rock music mixed with other types of music, such as punk rock music, funk, disco, ska and pop. 

In essence, New Wave maintained the rebellious and energetic side of punk rock, yet was less raw and aggressive. Whilst a lot of New Wave was, much New Wave was pop-based, containing simple melodies and catchy hooks. Additionally, New Wave music was also very electronic in nature, and made strong usage of synthesizers. New Wave is a broad term, and as such, New Wave artists varied greatly in style, ranging from pure rock, to synthpop, to reggae-influenced music. New Wave, as a genre, additionally had a strong visual aesthetic, and is noted for the colourful fashions which New Wave artists would sport in the 1980s.

When MTV started broadcasting in 1981, many New Wave bands had their music videos played on television. This made New Wave music more popular. A well-known New Wave video is "Whip It" by Devo.


Apple Corps

Apple Corps Ltd. is a multimedia company started 1968 by The Beatles. It grew out of their earlier company, Beatles Ltd., and included NEMS Enterprises, the company started by Beatles manager Brian Epstein.

The Beatles started Apple in 1967, because they wanted to help other musicians, writers, artists and other creative people to succeed. They knew many talents were not discovered, because the business side of their fields were controlled by large corporations. Many corporations cared more about making money than developing new ideas. The Beatles hoped to find and develop the best new talents. Brian Epstein helped to work out the plans for Apple, but died before the company was founded. Epstein's family sold NEMS Enterprises to the Beatles, because they did not wish to keep the company without him.

Apple's first business venture was a retail store, called the Apple Boutique. It was on Baker Street in London, England. The outside of the building was painted with a strange mural, and inside clothes and other items were for sale. The mural and clothes were designed by an artistic trio called The Fool. More things were stolen than sold in the boutique, and it was not profitable. Other local businesses did not like the mural outside, and got the city to order it removed. The Beatles decided to close the store, and gave away everything that had been for sale.

Apple bought a townhouse at 3 Savile Row in London, and it became Apple's headquarters. The Beatles spent nearly as much time there as they did at Abbey Road Studios. Nearly all the people who worked for them had offices in the building, and they planned to turn the basement into a recording studio. "Magic Alex", a Greek-born designer, was in charge of making the recording studio, and also electronics products that Apple could sell, such as an apple-shaped transistor radio.

Apple Corps set up many divisions. Two of these were Apple Films and Apple Records. Apple Films handled the television movie "Magical Mystery Tour", and also music videos (then called "promos") for new Beatles songs. Later Apple Films produced movies like "Born to Boogie" and "Son of Dracula".

Apple Records turned out to be the most successful part of Apple Corps, mostly because of the Beatles's record sales. EMI had a recording contract with the band, but they agreed to become distributors for Apple Records. Apple would choose, sign up, and promote recording artists, while EMI would press their records and send them to stores. Hundreds of artists and bands sent in demoes to Apple, hoping to be signed up. As it turned out, most of the artists chosen were handpicked by the Beatles, their friends, or people who worked for them. 

Badfinger, who were Apple's biggest-selling group besides the Beatles, were managed by Mal Evans, who had been the Beatles's road manager. Jackie Lomax was an old friend from Liverpool. Mary Hopkin was referred to Apple by Twiggy, a popular fashion model. Billy Preston played keyboards with Little Richard, who toured with the Beatles years earlier. The London chapter of the Radha-Krishna Temple had singers, who recorded an album with George Harrison released on Apple. Other bands and artists were also signed to Apple Records (including Yoko Ono, the wife of John Lennon), but most of their records never became hits.

After Brian Epstein died, the Beatles had not sought a new manager. They believed they could handle their own affairs, working together with just their helpers and their normal business contacts. Over time, this proved to be a bad idea. Small disagreements between the band members turned into major problems at Apple, and agreements could not always be worked out. Many of the people hired to work for Apple caused more problems than they solved, or cost the company money. Magic Alex dreamed and talked big, but could not deliver on the promises he made. Even his recording studio at Apple had to be completely rebuilt, because he had not planned it well or asked for outside help.

The problems between the Beatles led to their breaking up early in 1970. Apple had been part of those problems, and each Beatle lost interest as he saw his hopes for Apple would not work out. Without their input, Apple soon wilted. Its divisions closed one by one. Apple Records's artists went to other labels, or retired from recording. Paul McCartney sued to dissolve the Beatles's business interests. The lawsuit went on for years. The rebuilt Apple Studio was well-liked, and a good place to work on recordings, but closed its doors by 1975. Apple's townhouse headquarters was sold. (A photograph of its front door, covered with graffiti, later appeared on a Ringo Starr album cover.)

In 1975, the Beatles dissolved their partnership, but decided to keep Apple Corps incorporated. It became the agency in charge of Beatles-related merchandise, such as collectibles, memorabilia, and new releases of old recordings by the band. Apple also owns the rights to most filmed and videotape of the Beatles, including their public appearances and concerts.

Apple Records reissued many of their non-Beatles recordings on compact disc in the early 1990s, again using EMI as distributors. A television miniseries, "The Beatles Anthology", appeared in 1995, produced by Apple. It was a long documentary of the band's history, and included rare concert and video scenes. A companion book was published later.

Apple Corps was most recently in the news, because of a lawsuit between Apple Corps and Apple Computer Inc., an unrelated company. The two companies had trouble in the past, over the use of the Apple name. They made a deal that Apple Computers would not act as a music company. When Apple Computer Inc. began to sell their iPod, and set up their iTunes music store, Apple Corps believed they had broken their agreement, and took them to court. Apple Computers won the case, but the two companies later worked out a new deal. This deal now means that the Beatles music is now on the iTunes store, whereas it was not there before.

Blondie

Blondie is an American new wave pop-rock band who were most popular in the 1970s and 1980s. The lead singer of the band is Debbie Harry. Their best-known hit was "Call Me!". The group's music mixes pop, rock and disco. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame



Patti Smith

Patti Smith (born Patricia Lee Smith on December 30, 1946) is an American singer and poet. She was an important member of the punk rock music trend in the 1970s. Her first album "Horses" was produced by John Cale.



Talking Heads

Talking Heads was a rock band from the United States. The band first became popular in the late 1970s.
Talking Heads had an early influence on other musical groups by combining the sounds of punk, art rock, funk, dance and world music with an avant-garde style and the anxious way David Byrne sang on stage.

Critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine said Talking Heads was "one of the most critically acclaimed bands of the '80s."

In 2002, the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Four of the band's albums appeared on "Rolling Stone's" list of "The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time". Three of their songs ("Psycho Killer," "Life During Wartime," and "Once in a Lifetime") were listed in "The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll". Talking Heads were also included at #64 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Artists of All Time." In the 2011 update of "Rolling Stone's" "100 Greatest Artists of All Time," the band was ranked at No. 100.


Devo

Devo is an American new wave pop music band formed in Ohio. Their best-known lineup consisted of Gerald Casale, Mark Mothersbaugh, Bob Mothersbaugh, Robert Casale, and Alan Myers. They had popular songs in the 1970s and 1980s. Devo had a big influence on the new wave music movement.

Devo often used various keyboards (called synthesizers) in their songs, including the Moog synthesizer.

Their most famous song was called "Whip It". That song was released in 1980.

Devo occasionally performs concerts for the public.



Illegal drugs

Illegal drugs are drugs which a person is not allowed to own or use by law.

A drug is any chemical that affects the human body or mind when taken in any way.

Each country and place has different laws for different drugs.

Some drugs are allowed only if you have permission (called a "prescription") from a doctor. Other drugs are illegal, meaning a person is never allowed to have them.

If the police find a person with drugs they are not allowed to have, the person may be taken to court. Court cases may result in fines (when a person is required to pay money to the government), prison, or "in some" "countries" execution.

A country may want to stop drugs because of the negative effect on the people that use them, or because making the drug illegal will make the government more money.

A "psychoactive" drug affects the brain. Most laws against drugs are against psychoactive drugs.

Some people use drugs as medicine if they are sick to help make them feel better.

Some people might use drugs recreationally (for fun), these are usually controlled drugs.

Some people use drugs to make themselves more productive or to help themselves stay awake, in this case they would use a stimulant such as amphetamines or caffeine.

Some people also use drugs because they are addicted. (See "Health effects of drugs" below)

Some Christians use small doses of wine as part of their religious ceremonies.

Some members of the Native American Church use Peyote (a type of cactus that contains the drug mescaline).

Some Hindus use cannabis (containing THC and CBD) as part of their religious rites.

Drugs can have many effects on a person's health. Some drugs cause many people to die every year. Tobacco and alcohol can cause death, other drugs do not cause death. Cannabis and psilocybin mushrooms ("magic mushrooms") do not cause death. But all drugs affect one's health.

Someone using drugs may get "intoxicated". Intoxicated people may do dangerous things. They may be unable to safely drive or operate machinery.

Overdose occurs when someone uses too much of a drug. Overdosing is very dangerous. It can cause death. Some drugs are easy to overdose on (heroin, alcohol, and aspirin). Other drugs are difficult to overdose on (LSD, cannabis). Many drugs cause long-term (long-lasting) health effects. Smoking tobacco can cause cancer. Drinking alcohol damages the liver (cirrhosis).

Many drugs are used as medicine to help make sick people better. Opiates (morphine, heroin and codeine) are analgesics (painkillers). Nitrous oxide and ketamine are used as anesthetics (to force someone to sleep) for surgical operation. Amphetamines are legally prescribed to treat attention disorders in some countries, such as the United States.

Combining drugs often causes negative effects. One may die if they combine multiple drugs.

An addiction is the repeated use of a drug. An addict (person with an addiction) uses the drug again and again. Addicts will continue to use the drug, even if the drug hurts them. Addiction causes cravings for the drug. A craving is an intense need for the drug's effects. Drug tolerance occurs when a person's body adapts to a drug. The body becomes more resistant to the drug and craves the drug all the time. If a dependent person stops taking the drug, they may become very sick or die. Medical help is often required to stop addiction.

Addiction and dependence can happen separately from each other. People can be addicted to things that are not drugs, like gambling or sex.

Some psychoactive drugs are known to be very addictive (causing addiction, like alcohol, heroin, tobacco, methamphetamine and cocaine) other drugs are known to be slightly less addictive (such as khat, cannabis and caffeine) or not addictive at all (such as LSD and Psilocybin mushrooms).

People with anxiety disorder, bipolar disorder, borderline personality disorder, antisocial personality disorder, schizophrenia, and major depression have a higher chance of getting addicted.

Different drugs are used in different ways. The same drug can be available in different forms, and each form is used a certain way.

For example, Crack cocaine (cocaine in solid form) is smoked or vaporized, but Powder cocaine (cocaine that looks like salt) is snorted.


Orally is the slowest method of using a drug because it must be digested in the stomach first. Injecting a drug (IV or IM) is the fastest method of using a drug. IV and IM drugs are most likely to cause an overdose. It is important to use clean needles to inject. Injecting with used or dirty needles spreads deadly infections (such as Hepatitis C or HIV).

Smoking anything can cause cancer. Smoking can also lead to emphysema (a disease of the lungs). Snorting a drug can lead to ear, nose, and throat conditions. Eating a drug can cause oral (mouth related) problems, like tooth decay.

There are many categories (types) of psychoactive drugs (drug that affects the brain). These categories have subcategories (categories inside categories). For example, benzodiazepines and opiates are both subcategories of depressants. Some drugs, such as ketamine have elements of two categories (hallucinogens and depressants). Every drug is different, so it is important to know the effects of each individual drug.

Hallucinogens change the way people see, hear, feel or think. The three main groups of hallucinogens are: psychedelics, dissociatives and deliriants. Each group has different effects. They may cause hallucinations. Hallucinations are a feeling, sound, or sight that does not exist. When one hallucinates, they feel, hear, or see something that is not truly there.

Stimulants speed up the central nervous system. People using stimulants may feel happy and excited. Also, they have more energy, concentration, or motivation. Stimulants may cause difficulty sleeping.

Depressants slow down the central nervous system. People using depressants feel happy and content, and sleepy and relaxed. Depressants slow down bodily functions such as breathing and heart rate. They may also make speaking or moving difficult. The difficulty speaking is "slurred speech".

Antipsychotics are used to balance one's moods or stop hallucinations. Many anti-psychotics are legal prescription drugs. One can have them if they have a prescription (doctor's permission). Anti-depressants help depression. Some anti-depressants are also anti-psychotics.

Crack cocaine

Crack cocaine (or just crack) is an illegal drug which is made from cocaine. Cocaine is mostly an illegal drug that comes from the leaves of a plant called coca. When people smoke crack, they have a feeling called "being high." The name "crack" comes from the cracking sound the drug makes as it is smoked. The cracking sound is caused by evaporating water escaping. In most parts of the world, production (making crack), possession (having crack), and distribution (selling or giving away crack) are illegal.

Crack is a very addictive drug. People can get both physically and psychologically addicted to crack (meaning that the body and the mind can both become addicted to, or "hooked on," the drug.) Using crack is dangerous for many reasons. The drug can cause physical problems (like heart and lung problems or rotted teeth) and psychological (or mental) problems, like depression and psychosis (not understanding what is real and what is not real). An overdose of crack - taking too much of the drug - can cause death. Also, because crack is illegal, people have to break the law in order to get it, and they can get sent to jail if they are caught. People may also do other illegal things in order to get crack or to get money to buy crack, because the urge to get the drug is so strong in people who are addicted.

Crack is called a "gateway drug" because people who use crack are more likely to use other drugs, like methamphetamine and heroin. Using crack along with other illegal drugs, or alcohol, is even more dangerous than using crack by itself.

Crack is such a strong and addictive drug that a person can become addicted the first time they use crack. When a person tries to quit using crack, they go through a process called withdrawal that is very hard to go through. Withdrawal happens when as person's body or mind is used to having a drug in its system all the time, and suddenly the drug is not there any more. Because crack can cause both physical addiction (when the body is hooked on the drug) and psychological addiction (when the mind is hooked on the drug), quitting crack can cause both physical withdrawal (which causes physical symptoms in the body) and psychological withdrawal (which causes symptoms in the mind). Symptoms of (or problems caused by) physical withdrawal can include nausea (feeling like throwing up), vomiting (throwing up), and pain in the muscles. Psychological withdrawal can make a person feel very depressed, anxious (worried and not able to relax), agitated (restless and "keyed up"), or tired. When a person is withdrawing from crack, the urge to use crack will be very, very strong, and it is very hard for the person to fight off these urges and keep away from using the drug again.

Crack cocaine is inhaled from a small glass pipe. This is often called a stem. It has a funnel-shaped 'bowlpiece' where the drug is put to be smoked. There is a 2 to 3 inch long stem attached that the smoke travels through on the way to the consumer. These stems may be used in waterpipes, such as 'bongs' or 'bubblers', in which case about a 1/2 inch of the stem is submerged in the water and the smoke is sucked out through the water to the consumer. These stems are also used to inhale methamphetamine. When used for crack cocaine or methamphetamine, the stem is generally used as a standalone unit, without any water or attachment of any sort. After prolonged use, the glass from the stem may deteriorate from exposure to heat as well as acidity, and may become brittle and break or crack easily.


Twiggy

Dame Lesley Lawson (born Lesley Hornby 19 September 1949, in London, England) is an English actress, fashion model and singer, known professionally as Twiggy. Her childhood nickname Twiggy came from her thin legs. In the 1960s, when she first became famous she weighed only .

As an actress, she starred in "The Boy Friend", and had featured roles in "The Blues Brothers" and "Young Charlie Chaplin". She recently appeared as herself, on "America's Next Top Model", as one of the judges.

Special effect

Special effects are used in movies to create images that do not exist. There are many different types of special effects, for example, making little models or using computer animation.

Action movies often use special effects to create images that would be dangerous or cost a lot of money. For example, if an action movie shows a very big battleship blowing up, it would be expensive to buy a battleship and dangerous to blow it up. Most action movies use special effects if they want to show something blow up. It is cheaper and safer to make a little model of a battleship and blow that up. 

Science fiction, fantasy, horror, and history movies also often use special effects. They usually tell imaginary stories, often set in imaginary places, that would be impossible to film. For example, in a science fiction movie about a world with three suns, artists could create a computer image of three suns which would appear in the background. 

Using a computer to create special effects is called "computer generated imagery" (CGI) or "computer animation". Most science fiction, fantasy, and horror movies, and some history movies and some documentaries from the 2000s use a lot of CGI.

German revolutions of 1848–1849

The Revolutions in the German states developed in most of the 38 states of Germany that were loosely bound together in the German Confederation after the Congress of Vienna in 1815. To these states belonged Austria as well though Hungary that was part of the Austrian-Hungarian Empire was not part of the German Confederation.

These revolutions had as example the French Revolution of 1848 in February 1848, when King Phillipe of France abdicated the throne.

The biggest successes of the German revolutions happened in March in Berlin and Vienna. The result was the election of a German National Assembly in Frankfurt am Main.

But it was in Berlin too where the Prussian king Frederick William refused to become emperor of a united German state.
Austria and Prussia withdrew their delegates from the Assembly, and the Assembly itself slowly disintegrated afterwards.



Abdication

Abdication is the act of resigning from an office (official job), especially from being the leader of a country. The word is normally used for kings and queens who decide to give up their position which brings an end to a reign. The term is also used for popes.

A similar term for an elected or appointed official is resignation.

King Edward VIII of the United Kingdom is an example of a king who abdicated. 


Beta Columbae

Beta Columbae is a star in the Columba constellation. The Columba constellation is known as "The Dove".

Philadelphia Eagles

The Philadelphia Eagles are an American football team in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

The Eagles joined the National Football League in the year 1933. They have appeared in three Super Bowls (XXXIX, XV and LII) and won the Super Bowl LII in 2018, winning the 2017 season. They have won three championships in 1948, 1949, and 1960, besides the one in 2017. Sixteen Eagles players have become Pro Football Hall of Famers. Donovan McNabb was the quarterback for the Eagles from 1999 to 2009. He was traded to the Washington Redskins on April 4, 2010. Michael Vick was also an Eagles quarterback. Jalen Hurts is the current starting quarterback for the Philadelphia Eagles, but Nick Foles guided the win in 2018.

The Eagles were named after the Bald Eagle, a symbol of the U.S.. The city of Philadelphia played a large part in the early history of the United States.


YouTube

YouTube is an American free, international, video sharing and social networking website and app on the internet. YouTube was founded on February 14 2005, by three former members of PayPal. Google (a search engine company) has owned and operated YouTube since 2006.

YouTube's official logo is a white triangle pointing right in a rounded red box. People who commonly upload on YouTube are called YouTubers. YouTube awards people who reach milestones such as 100,000 subscribers and 1,000,000 subscribers, with Play Buttons, a metal sheet with the YouTube logo and the channel name on it. 

Videos can be rated with likes or dislikes (although the number of dislikes a video has cannot be seen by the public since a 2021 update), and viewers can subscribe to channels they like. Videos can be commented on if viewers log into their own accounts. The number of times a video has been watched, known as "views", are shown. YouTube has another app called YouTube Kids, aimed at children and with less functions, made to protect children. 

Many different types of videos could be put onto the website, such as educational content, animations, and events. 
There were very popular YouTubers such as MrBeast, PewDiePie and T-Series, which had the most subscribers for a YouTube Channel with over 200 million.

On February 14, 2005, three former workers of PayPal founded the site. In November 2006, Google bought YouTube. In 2012, an iOS app was created for YouTube. They changed their logo in 2017.

YouTube needed the Adobe Flash Player plug-in to play videos in the past. However, in January 2010, YouTube started using the built-in features of web browsers (HTML5) they removed it early 2015 so people would not need to use Adobe Flash player to watch videos.

All YouTube users can upload 15-minute long videos. Users who have used the site for enough time and follow the rules can upload videos that are 12 hours long. A user needs to verify the account to do this, however. Everyone could upload long videos when YouTube started, but in March 2006 a ten-minute video limit was put in. The limit was changed to 15 minutes in July 2010. Most video formats can be uploaded to YouTube, and videos can also be uploaded from mobile phones.

YouTube is blocked in many schools because it allows children to search for videos that might distract them from their lessons. But at a higher level than schools (and in workplaces), some governments have blocked YouTube access to their country's public. Their reasons vary. Some countries have also banned it. These are listed below.

On December 3, 2006, the government of Iran blocked YouTube and several other sites to stop films and music from other countries from being seen.

Turkey blocked YouTube on March 6, 2007 for letting videos that were mean or discriminating to Turks and Atatürk, the founder of modern Turkey, to be shown. Because of a "virtual war" between Greeks, Armenians, Kurds and Turks on YouTube, people from each side posted videos to hurt the other. The video that caused the banning said that Turks and Atatürk were gay. The video was first mentioned on Turkish CNN and the Istanbul public prosecutor sued YouTube for being mean to Turkishness. The court suspended access to YouTube while waiting for the removal of the video. The ban was criticized a lot. YouTube lawyers sent proof of removal to court and users could access the website again on March 9, 2007.

During the week of March 8 2007, YouTube was blocked in Thailand. Many bloggers (people who have a "diary" online) believed the reason YouTube was blocked was because of a video of the former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra's speech on CNN. However, the government did not confirm or give reasons for the ban. YouTube was unblocked on March 10.

On the night of April 3, YouTube was again blocked in Thailand. The government said it was because of a video on the site that it said was "insulting" to King Bhumibol Adulyadej. The Ministry of Information and Communication Technology claimed that it would unblock YouTube in a few days, after websites with references to this video are blocked instead of the entire website. Communications Minister Sitthichai Pookaiyaudom said, "When they decide to withdraw the clip, we will withdraw the ban." Soon after this incident the internet technology blog Mashable was banned from Thailand over the reporting of the YouTube clips in question.

YouTube is being sued by Brazilian model and MTV VJ Daniela Cicarelli (better known as Ronaldo's ex-fiancée) because she says that the site is making available a video footage made by a paparazzi (or celebrity photographer) in which she and her boyfriend are having sex on a Spanish beach. The lawsuit says that YouTube has to be blocked in Brazil until all copies of the video are removed. On Saturday, January 6, 2007, a legal injunction (command) ordered that filters be put in place to prevent users in Brazil from going to the website.

The effectiveness of the measure has been questioned, since the video is not available only on YouTube, but rather has become an Internet phenomenon. On Tuesday, January 9, 2007, the same court overturned their earlier decision, ordering the filters to be taken down, even though the footage was still forbidden, but without technical support for its blockage.

On May 25, 2007 the state-owned company Maroc Telecom blocked all access to YouTube. There were no reasons given why YouTube was blocked. But the guesses are that it might have something to do with some pro-separatist group Polisario clips (Polisario is the Western Sahara independence movement) or because of some videos that criticized King Mohammed VI. This block did not concern the other two private internet-providers, Wana and Meditel. YouTube became accessible again on May 30, 2007 after "Maroc Telecom" unofficially announced that the denied access to the website was only a "technical glitch".

YouTube was blocked in Pakistan following a decision taken by the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority on 22 February 2008 because of the number of "non-Islamic objectionable videos."

In Australia, some schools, including all secondary schools in Victoria, have YouTube blocked from student access, after fights have been posted on YouTube.

Currently in China, the government has blocked YouTube. For several years, it has been unblocked but since March 24, 2009 it has been blocked.

According the site's terms of service, users may upload videos only if they have the permission of the copyright holder and of the people in the video. Pornography, defamation, harassment, commercials, and videos that encourage criminal conduct may not be uploaded. The uploader gives YouTube permission to give out and change the uploaded video for any purpose, and they do not have permission anymore when the uploader deletes the video from the site. Users may view videos on the site but are not allowed to save them on their computers.

On June 19, 2007, Google CEO Eric Schmidt was in Paris to launch the new localization system. The interface of the website is available with localized versions in 104 countries, and a worldwide version.
The interface of the YouTube website is available in 76 language versions including Albanian, Amharic, Armenian, Burmese, Khmer, Kyrgyz, Laotian, Mongolian, Persian, and Uzbek, which do have local channel versions.

YouTube has been criticized for how poorly they manage user-generated content and because of how a number of their policies are considered unfair to content creators. YouTube has been criticized for not properly handling copyrighted content that is added in uploaded videos. The video recommendation algorithms used in YouTube persistently promote conspiracy theories and false information, as noted by some critics. There is also criticism that there are violent or sexually suggestive content involving popular characters in certain videos falsely claiming to be targeted to children. YouTube has also been criticized for attracting pedophilic comments in videos of minors performing activities. 

Because YouTube keeps changing policies on the types of content that is eligible to be monetized with advertising, many content creators are concerned about these frequent changes. YouTube policies restrict certain forms of content from being included in videos being monetized with advertising. This includes videos containing violence, strong language, sexual content, "controversial or sensitive subjects and events, including subjects related to war, political conflicts, natural disasters and tragedies, even if graphic imagery is not shown" (unless the content is "usually newsworthy or comedic and the creator's intent is to inform or entertain"), and videos whose user comments contain "inappropriate" content. However, it is not clear what is the boundaries for what YouTube's policies specifically accept and do not accept. Some content creators also say that YouTube's policies also change too often. For example, on January 16, 2018, the requirement for a channel to be monetized is to get 4,000 hours of watchtime within the past 12 months and at least 1,000 subscribers. Although YouTube's intent was to avoid monetizing videos of channels seen as controversial, people criticize that this move greatly harms smaller YouTube channels.

After testing earlier in 2021, YouTube removed public display of dislike counts on videos in November 2021, citing its internal research that found users often used the dislike feature as a form of cyberbullying and brigading. While some users praised the move as a way to discourage trolls, others felt that hiding dislikes would make it harder for viewers to recognise clickbait or unhelpful videos, and that other features already existed for creators to limit bullying. Some theorised the removal of dislikes was influenced by YouTube Rewind 2018, which was universally panned and became the most-disliked video on the platform. YouTube co-founder Jawed Karim referred to the update as "a stupid idea", and that the reason behind the change was "not a good one, and not one that will be publicly disclosed." Karim felt that the ability for users on a social platform to identity bad content was essential, saying, "The process works, and there’s a name for it: the wisdom of the crowds. The process breaks when the platform interferes with it. Then, the platform invariably declines."



Greenwich

Greenwich is a district of London. It is the main part of the Borough of Greenwich, about 8.9 km east south-east of Charing Cross.

The Royal Greenwich Observatory is in Greenwich. It was originally built for the Astronomer Royal. The Oservatory created the Greenwich Meridian (0° longitude) and Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).

Greenwich is a town with a long history. It became the site of a royal palace, the Palace of Placentia, from the 15th century. This was the birthplace of many members of the Tudor dynasty, including Henry VIII and Elizabeth I. The palace became ruined during the English Civil War. It was rebuilt as a hospital by Sir Christopher Wren. These buildings became the a military college in 1873, which lasted until 1998. The town became a popular resort in the 17th century. Many rich houses were built there, such as Vanbrugh Castle (1717). Estates were built above the town centre.

Greenwich was part of Kent until 1889 when the County of London was created.

Maritime Greenwich is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is on the River Thames. The site includes buildings along the riverfront, and surrounding the 17th century Queen's House. The group include the complex of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, the Royal Observatory and the Royal Park.

The Royal Hospital was laid out to a master plan created by Christopher Wren. The hospital complex was built over many decades. Other architects who added to this long-term project included Nicholas Hawksmoor.

The core of this group of buildings is the Queen's House which was designed by Inigo Jones. This was the first Palladian building in Britain.

The Royal Observatory is now the baseline for the world's time zone system and for the measurement of longitude around the globe.

The Royal Park is a symmetrical design in an irregular landscape around the buildings of the World Heritage Site. The park was created by André Le Nôtre.

The park and grounds behind the buildings on the river held the competitions for the horse-related events of the 2012 Summer Olympics.

National Rail and Docklands Light Railway services call at Greenwich station.


Catch Me If You Can

Catch Me If You Can is a 2002 American biographical crime drama movie. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks. The movie was directed by Steven Spielberg. It is based on the 1980 book by Frank Abagnale.

"Catch Me if You Can" is set in 1963. Frank Abagnale is played by Leonardo DiCaprio. Frank is sixteen years old. Carl Hanratty is played by Tom Hanks. Carl is an FBI investigator. When Frank's parents get divorced, Frank decides to leave his house and to change his name. He buys a pilot uniform and forges (makes a fake copy of) a pilot licence. He travels with PanAm airlines to many countries. He pays with forged cheques in the USA.

Then Frank decides to work as a doctor. He again forges the documents. In the hospital he meets a girl named Brenda Strong. He begins working as a lawyer, so that he can marry Brenda. Brenda's father, Roger Strong is also a lawyer. Now Frank has had 3 jobs, under 3 different names; Frank Abagnale Jr, Frank Taylor and Frank Connors. Carl Hanratty is at the engagement party. Carl reveals to the girls' father who Frank is. In the meantime, Frank tells his fiancé, Brenda the truth about his life and what he has done. Carl searches the house, but Frank has already left. Frank escapes and moves to Mont-de Marson, France where he tries to escape. Carl Hanratty finds him and convinces Frank to come quietly to face his crime. Frank goes quietly with Carl. When Frank leaves jail, he works with Carl Hanratty, helping Carl to catch criminals who forge cheques and other documents.


Armorica

Armorica or Aremorica is the name given in ancient times to the part of Gaul that includes the Brittany peninsula and the territory between the Seine and Loire rivers


Gaul

Gaul () was the name given in ancient times to the area of Western Europe that included northern Italy, France, Belgium, western Switzerland and the parts of the Netherlands and Germany on the west bank of the Rhine river. Many Celtic tribes lived in the region and were known by the Romans simply as "Gauls". 

In English, the word "Gaul" () may mean a Celtic inhabitant of that region or it may mean all ancient speakers of the Gaulish language. In this way, "Gaul" and "Celt" are sometimes used in the same sense.

Gauls under Brennus attacked Rome with the Battle of the Allia (390 BC).

In Greek, modern-day France is called "Γαλλία" (same as the Latin "Gallia") and the term for a Gaulish person is "Γαλατία" (Galatia).


Danelaw

The Danelaw (from the Old English "Dena lagu", Danish: "Danelagen" ) is an 11th-century name for an area of northern and eastern England. This area was under the administrative control of the Danish Viking empire (or Danes, or Norsemen) from the late 9th century until the early 11th century.

As can be seen from the map, Danelaw at its height was "about a third the territory of England". Textbooks say correctly that the history left us with place-names which reflect the old languages.

Jorvik

Jórvík was the Viking name for the English city of York and the kingdom centred there.
York had been founded as the Roman legionary fortress of "Eboracum" and revived as the Anglo-Saxon trading port of "Eoforwic". It was first captured in November 866 by a large army of Danish Vikings.


Mutton

The terms lamb, mutton or hoggett are used to describe the meat of a domestic sheep. The meat of a sheep a year old or younger is generally known as "lamb", whereas the meat of an older sheep is either "hoggett" or "mutton" depending on its age and characteristics. In some countries all such meat is referred to as "lamb". All of these are known as sheepmeats.

The meat of a lamb is taken from the animal between one month and one year old, with a weight of between 5.5 and 30 kilograms. This meat generally is more tender than that from older sheep and is often eaten more often in some western countries, most often on Easter.

Hoggett and mutton can taste more flavorful than lamb because they contain a higher concentration of species-characteristic fatty acids; many therefore prefer the stronger flavour of older animals. 

Prion

A prion (pronounced "pree-on)" is an infectious protein. The word is short for "proteinaceous infectious particles". 

All known prion diseases in mammals affect the structure of the brain or other neural tissue. Right now, they cannot be treated and always end in death.

Prions cause many forms of encephalitis, or brain disease, such as scrapie, chronic wasting disease, Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease, bovine spongiform encephalopathy and kuru. Prions work by changing the shape of proteins in infected animals. While normal proteins have lots of alpha helices, or twisted parts, changed proteins have lots of beta sheets, or flat parts. It has also been suggested that Alzheimer's disease causes damage to the prions. 

Because prions are proteins, and proteins cannot reproduce themselves, it is a mystery how prions work. A lot of molecular biology research is going on to find out how they reproduce themselves, with no clear result so far.


Hashish

Hashish is a sticky, thick, dark-colored resin (plant juice) which is made from the flower of the female cannabis plant, "Cannabis sativa". The cannabis plant's leaves and flowers contain chemicals known as cannabinoids. One cannabinoid is THC, which gives a person who smokes or eats parts of the cannabis plant a feeling of euphoria (makes the user feel good or happy). Another cannabinoid is CBD, which gives the user a relaxing feeling, and another is CBG which gives the user red or droopy eyes. The name "hashish" comes from an Arabic word meaning "dry weed".

The two main drugs made from the cannabis plant are marijuana and hashish. Hashish has much more of the chemical THC (which makes users feel good or happy) than marijuana. Hashish is an illegal drug in the United States, UK and many other countries. Some people think it should be legal, some think it should be legal only for medical reasons, and some think it should not be legal at all.

To make hashish, workers rub cannabis blossoms with their hands to get the resin to stick to their hands, and then the resin is collected. Another way to make hashish is to sift the ground-up, dried leaves through a screen and press the powder resin to make a "brick".

A more modern method of producing hashish is through alcohol extraction. In this method cannabis plants are ground up and covered in isopropyl alcohol or butane and left to sit. The mixture is then dried until the alcohol is gone, leaving the active terpenoid and terpene compounds which can be used immediately or cooked into bricks.

When a person wants to use hashish, they usually smoke it by putting a small piece of hashish in a joint with tobacco or marijuana. Then the person lights the paper roll with a flame and inhales the smoke that comes out, exhaling 1-3 seconds after holding in the smoke.

Another way that people use hashish is by putting a small piece of hashish in a pipe or bong (water pipe) then putting it on fire, and breathing the smoke. Some people also eat hashish, usually by mixing it into food or baked goods.

The legality of hashish use is different in different countries.

Cannabis and sometimes hashish is legal for strict medicinal use such as cancer patients, terminally ill, epileptics and insomniacs. In Canberra however, cannabis is now legal for adults 18+ since 2019. Before this, it was only decriminalised in Canberra.

In the US, there are state and federal laws that do not agree if cannabis is legal or not. Some states such as Colorado and California are completely legal for use of cannabis in all forms including flower, hashish, edibles, tinctures, hash oil and even flavoured or alcoholic drinks for adults 21 or over excluding some laws for the quantity you can possess, distribution and where you can smoke in these states. In other states, cannabis in all forms excluding perhaps Cannabis Ruderalis (hemp) is only legal for medicinal use but much less strict than Australia for example. In some other states cannabis is classed as a Schedule 1 drug meaning severe and unreasonable punishments for possession, use and distribution.

Hashish is not legal in the Netherlands, but there are no criminal laws against having a small amount of cannabis (marijuana or hashish). This is because the Netherlands decided that having cannabis should not be a crime. Some other countries are starting to "decriminalize" and even completely legalise cannabis as (make using it or having it no longer be a crime).

The effects of hashish are typically the same as cannabis although less is consumed to reach the same level of intoxication if it isn't "soapbar" hash.

Effects of hash and weed cause the following effects depending on how much is consumed. Although Sativa strains will normally cause a higher ratio of trippy and heart raising effects than Indica and Indica strains normally will have a higher ratio of sedating and narcotic effects than a Sativa strain, both cause relatively the same effects, just a higher ratio of "trip" effects from sativas than indicas and higher ratio of sedation and mood relief from indicas than sativas.

Smoking any drugs/plants such as marijuana, hashish, or tobacco is bad for the lungs. Smoke hurts the lungs and the throat because the smoke has tar in it and when any form of plant matter is combusted, some of the plant is processed into carcinogenic smoke which have cancer causing potential for the physical respiratory system excluding the heart, including lungs throat and mouth. There are much less carcinogens in cannabis/hash smoke than tobacco as cannabis contains no carcinogens itself until burnt. A person who only eats hashish will not hurt their lungs or throat. A relatively newer process of inhalation which is much safer than smoking is vaporizing the hashish. This method is based on increasing the temperature of the hashish to 170-200 degrees Celsius which is about the temperature THC vaporizes but is far below the point when "carbons" begin being burned. The result is the THC compound being breathed in combined with air rather than the THC compound being breathed in with smoke.

Excluding smoking risks, smoking hashish and weed all the time can potentially help someone to be caught up in a repetitive loop of habits in life, some which may be unhealthy. Quitting, doing more productive things or tripping on a serotonin psychedelic can help reset these habits but that is another topic all together.

It is unknown whether hash or cannabis can be dangerous for people with a severely damaged or weak heart but the increase of heart rate and lower blood pressure caused by being stoned can certainly cause potential short-term problems especially if the person has a panic attack for whatever reason (thinking they're having a heart attack, wanting the effects to disappear or paranoid thoughts about specific things). This coupled with the already elevated heart rate seems like it can certainly cause problems for people with "bad" hearts, but it's still not proven as there's still been (of January 2020) absolutely no certain recorded deaths caused by only cannabis. There has been a couple reports of cardiac arrest, but most or all of these reports contain at least one other potential factor.

In general, THC smoked or orally consumed, upwards of 3 grams seems to be relatively safe even though 3 grams of pure THC is around 100 moderately strong edibles. However, smoking cannabis seems to be physically impossible to lethally overdose for someone relatively healthy. Many people smoke grams of hash oil at a time, wanting to achieve a state that "no man's gone before", with the absolutely worst thing happening is a pale face, vomiting, and inability to move as much as usual.

If a ridiculously high dose of cannabis is consumed such as in edibles in doses of a gram +/-, then the user can technically overdose, although it isn't lethal.
The "overdose" can cause nausea, vomiting, dizziness, hallucinations (unique compared to any other class of hallucinogens), disorientation, strong sedation, pale skin, sleeping (up to 12 hours), and in rare cases short comas (up to 2 days). The person experiencing the "overdose" generally ends up fine. In bad cases, they may end up in a hospital from thinking they're in danger, or for someone else mistaking their symptoms as dangerous.

Most other illegal drugs, such as heroin, crack, and cocaine, are very addictive. This means that someone with an addictive personality, or someone that has no worries or knowledge of side effects of the addictive drug they're about to do, starts regularly taking an addictive drug (heroin, meth, or cocaine), the person will want to keep taking more of the drug, even if it is making them sick with or without it. Legal drugs such as tobacco, caffeine and alcohol are also found to be addictive, tobacco the most. Tobacco can be just as bad, if not, worse of an addiction than methamphetamine. The tobacco user will typically go buy some more cigarettes or pick up used butts to smoke if they run out. If the meth user runs out, they have no easy legal source to get it, and if they have no money they can't just pick up a dirty second hand "meth butt" (no such thing) off anywhere on the ground. The addiction is as strong as tobacco, that they "need" it, so many of them end up breaking into people's houses and cars to steal money and possessions to trade for more, which tobacco users do not tend to do. Tobacco users do tend to smoke much more often, however.

Hashish and cannabis are not physically addictive like heroin, cocaine and cigarettes; however, users may develop a psychological addiction.


Hashish is often just called "hash". There are other variations of hashish such as temple balls, dry sift, kief, pressed hash, and bubble hash. If you hear any of these terms, the person is talking about a specific type of hash. Slang terms vary from country to country. There are many slang terms for hashish smoking, such as "getting faded", "getting stoned as fuck", "blown away", "baking up", "getting baked", "blazing" etc., all of them same terms are used interchangeably with smoking weed as they both get you to a very similar state of mind. Although most hash smokers if they have hash will more likely say something simple rather than slang like "let's smoke some hash" unless they're talking about how high they want to get.


William Pitt the Younger

William Pitt the Younger (28 May 1759 – 23 January 1806) was a British politician of the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries. 

He was Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1782–1783, 1783–1801 and 1804–1806. He was prime minister of the United Kingdom from 1783 to 1801, and again from 1804 until his death. He is known as "William Pitt the Younger" to distinguish him from his father, William Pitt the Elder, who also served as prime minster.

He became the youngest prime minister in 1783 at the age of 24. During his time as prime minister, the kingdom of Ireland joined with Great Britain and both kingdoms became the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland on 1 January 1801. Pitt continued to be prime minister in the new Parliament of the United Kingdom.

Notes

Jean-Paul Sartre

Jean-Paul Charles Aymard Sartre (21 June 1905 – 15 April 1980) was a French existentialist philosopher, novelist, playwright, screenwriter, and critic. He won the Nobel Prize in Literature for 1964, but refused it, saying "a writer should not allow himself to be turned into an institution". He was a Marxist and an atheist.

Sartre was born in Paris, France. He studied philosophy at the "École Normale Supérieure", an élite (high quality) education establishment. In 1929, Sartre graduated with a doctorate in philosophy. Sartre served in the French Army from 1929 to 1931.

In 1929 at the École Normale, he met Simone de Beauvoir, who studied at the Sorbonne. She went on to become a noted philosopher, writer, and feminist. The two became inseparable and lifelong companions. In 1938, Sartre wrote the novel called "La Nausée" (Nausea). This story explains the way of thinking of existentialism. Existentialism is a way of thinking about human freedom.
In 1939 Sartre was drafted into the French army. France was at war with Germany, because Germany had invaded France (World War II) Sartre was captured by German troops in 1940, and Sartre spent nine months as a prisoner of war in a camp. Sartre was released from the prison camp (jail) in 1941. He then began working as a teacher again. He made friends with other writers and thinkers such as Merleau-Ponty, Jean-Toussaint and Dominique Desanti, and Jean Kanapa.
In 1943, Sartre wrote a book about philosophy (ways of thinking) called "L'Être et le Néant", which means "Being and Nothingness". In this book, Sartre said that when people tried too hard to conform to the rules of society (or of their country), then people did not really make their own decisions. And he concluded that life is useless disaster.

In 1945, Sartre started a newspaper called "Les Temps Modernes" (Modern Times), which had articles about politics, art and literature. He also began writing a group of novels (stories) called "Les Chemins de la Liberté" (The Roads to Freedom). In 1946 Sartre wrote a book about philosophy (ways of thinking) called "Existentialism is a Humanism", which explains existentialism.
In the 1950s and 1960s, Sartre became involved in politics. Sartre said that France should leave Algeria, a country where France had many soldiers. In the 1960s, Sartre said that the Vietnam War was bad. In 1960, he wrote the "Critique de la raison dialectique" (Critique of Dialectical Reason). In the 1960s, Sartre had many arguments with Louis Althusser, a man who also believed in communism.
Sartre died of oedema of the lung in 1980 in Paris. His body is buried in Cimetière du Montparnasse in Paris. His funeral was attended by 50,000 people.

John Steinbeck

John Ernst Steinbeck Jr. (; February 27, 1902 – December 20, 1968) was an American writer. Steinbeck won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1962. Some of his most famous works are "Of Mice and Men" (1937) and "The Grapes of Wrath" (1940), which won a Pulitzer Prize. In these two books, Steinbeck writes about migrant workers during the Great Depression.

Steinbeck used naturalism in his books. His characters and stories came from real events from the early 20th century. His work shows his wide range of interests, such as politics, history, philosophy and mythology.

Seventeen of his works were made into Hollywood movies. Steinbeck also tried screen writing, which is writing for movies. He received an Academy Award nomination for Best Writing in Alfred Hitchcock's 1945 movie, "Lifeboat".

Steinbeck was born to John Ernst Steinbeck Sr., a first-generation German American. He attended Stanford University until 1925 when he left the university in order to become a writer. His first work, "Cup of Gold", came out four years later, but was not successful. He married Carol Henning the following year.

Steinbeck first gained success with the novel "Tortilla Flat" in 1935. The story was about two men living in Monterey, California during the Great Depression. The book won the California Commonwealth Club's gold medal. It was made into a movie seven years later, starring Spencer Tracy, Hedy Lamarr, and John Garfield.

Steinbeck continued to write on the subject of the Great Depression. Two years later, Steinbeck wrote "Of Mice and Men", considered as one of the best works of American literature in the twentieth century. His story dealt with the lives of two migrant laborers with big dreams in California. It was turned into a Hollywood movie in 1939, starring Lon Chaney Jr. as "Lennie" and Burgess Meredith as "George". That year, Steinbeck followed up with another book, "The Grapes of Wrath". The book is about the Joad family and their travels from Oklahoma to California during the Dust Bowl in search of work. The novel won the Pulitzer Prize and movie adaptation won two Academy Awards, and is ranked #7 on the American Film Institute's list, "100 Years...100 Cheers: America's Most Inspiring Movies". There was controversy with the book, though. Many people felt that Steinbeck's liberal opinions misrepresented the truth of Dust Bowl migrations. He had this student that his name was Oscar Perez and they would both do the job together.

Steinbeck continued to write from 1940s to 1960s. He wrote such works as "The Moon is Down", "The Pearl", "Cannery Row", "East of Eden" and "The Winter of Our Discontent". In 1962, Steinbeck won the Nobel Prize in Literature for "his realistic and imaginative writing, combining as it does sympathetic humor and keen social perception."

Two years later, he was awarded the "United States Medal of Freedom" by President Lyndon B. Johnson. Steinbeck died on December 20, 1968 in New York at the age of 66, of a heart disease.


Akira Kurosawa

Akira Kurosawa (March 23, 1910 – September 6, 1998) was a Japanese movie director. Kurosawa's movies are liked in Japan. Kurosawa's movies are also liked by people in other countries. He made 30 movies in 50 years. He is thought to be one of the most important movie directors.

In many of his famous movies, including "Rashomon" and "The Seven Samurai", he worked with the actor Toshiro Mifune.

Kurosawa started in the Japanese movie industry in 1936. Before he worked a little bit as a painter. After years of working on many movies as an assistant director and scriptwriter, he became a director in 1943. This was during World War II with the popular action movie "Sanshiro Sugata" (a.k.a. "Judo Saga"). 

"Rashomon", was first shown in Tokyo in August 1950. On September 10, 1951 it was the surprise winner of the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival. It then was shown in Europe and North America. Because the movie was so well liked, it made people in the western world want to see more Japanese movies. This helped make other Japanese movie makers become successful. In the 1950s and early 1960s, Kurosawa directed about one movie each year.

In 1990, he accepted the Academy Award for Lifetime Achievement. After he died, he was named "Asian of the Century" in the "Arts, Literature, and Culture" category by "AsianWeek" magazine and CNN.

Akira Kurosawa known for influential, character-rich films exploring morality, often collaborating with Toshiro Mifune. His work blends Japanese tradition with dynamic visuals, symbolism, and humanism.



Science fiction movie

Science fiction movies are movies which tell stories about the future, outer space, robots, or aliens. Science fiction movies often use special effects to show images of alien worlds or other planets far away.

Science fiction movies are related to science fiction books. Some science fiction movies tell stories about strange or different ways of thinking or ways of living. Other science fiction movies tell stories about the survival.

All written as books, most later filmed.

Some SF movies can also be another kind of movie, too.

Reading, Pennsylvania

Reading is a city in the American state of Pennsylvania. It is the fourth largest city in Pennsylvania with 95,112 at the 2020 count. It is located in Berks County. There were more jobs when it was more populated. Yuengling is available as well.

Swanage

Swanage is a seaside town on the east-south coast of England. The town in Dorset that has a population of around 10,001 people. The town has a wide range of tourist attractions: a steam Railway, Durlston Country Park (Nature reserve), Victorian Pier, two public swimming pools, tennis courts, Indoor & Outdoor bowling greens, and Corfe Castle.

Old English

The Old English language, often called Anglo-Saxon, was spoken in Anglo-Saxon England from 450 to 1100 . It was spoken by the Anglo-Saxons, who came to Great Britain from what is now Germany and Denmark. Different Anglo-Saxon kingdoms spoke different dialects, but a western dialect became the main literary version. Both modern languages of England and Scotland (English and Scots) came from the language of the Anglo-Saxons.

Old English is very different from Modern English and has many more Germanic words. In early centuries, it was rarely written down and even then was in runes. After the 9th century, the Latin alphabet was used more often. Old English grammar is difficult, with complex inflections, and close to Old German. Latin was used by churchmen like the venerable Bede. Old English gradually turned into Middle English after the Norman Conquest of 1066.

"Beowulf" is written in Old English in an alphabetic script.


Scottish people

Scottish people or Scots are people native to Scotland or who are descended from a native of Scotland. They almost all speak Scottish English, but some of those living in the Highlands and the islands may speak the Scottish Gaelic (a Gaelic language) as well.

Robert Burns is the national poet of Scotland.

Hungen

Hungen is a town in the district of Gießen, in the state of Hesse, Germany. It is southeast of Gießen. It is northeast of Friedberg. Other towns near Hungen are Laubach Nidda, Wölfersheim and Münzenberg.

The first documented mention of Hungen is in the year 782. In 1806 it became part of the Grand Duchy of Hessen.

Interesting buildings in Hungen are the Hungen Castle, the Evangelical Church, and the "Hauptbahnhof," (the main railroad station). Also in Hungen can be seen parts of the town's medieval boundary wall.

"": The railroad station of Hungen can be seen in this 2007 Canadian documentary. Robert Scott Kellner came to Hungen in 1960 to search for his grandfather, Friedrich Kellner. Friedrich Kellner was the chief justice inspector of Laubach. He wrote the Friedrich Kellner Diary. Robert Scott Kellner is the English translator of the diary.

Bremerhaven Hauptbahnhof

Bremerhaven Hauptbahnhof is the central railway station in the German city of Bremerhaven, Bremen.

The station lies on the line from Bremen to Cuxhaven. The line from Bremen was built in 1862, and a station for that was built in Geestemünde. At the time, Geestemünde did not belong to Bremerhaven, but was a separate town. The line from Geestemünde to Cuxhaven was then built in 1896. 

Because there were too many trains in the old station and it is connected only with single-track, it was decided to knock down the old station. The new station, which is now Bremerhaven Central railway station, was opened in 1914. Because it still was in Geestemünde, but not as far away as the old station, it was called "Geestemünde-Bremerhaven". 
In 1924, some other towns joined Bremerhaven, and the city got a new name, Wesermünde. The station got a new name, "Wesermünde-Bremerhaven", because of that.

In 1944, in the middle of World War II, the hall over the railway tracks was destroyed by a bomb that was thrown from an American plane. The hall was not built again after the war.

Wesermünde received another name and was called Bremerhaven from 1947, and the station received the new name too and was now called "Bremerhaven Hauptbahnhof". That means "Bremerhaven Central railway station", and it was called that way because it was now in the middle of the new, large city.
Electric cables were put in the station in 1966, so that electric trains could run. Trains that were carrying soldiers of the US Army often ran to Bremerhaven in the 1970s, because the US Army had large barracks in the city.

Duchy

A duchy is a territory or domain ruled by a duke or duchess. Historically, some duchies in Continental Europe were sovereign, while others (especially in France and Britain) were subordinate districts of a kingdom. 

Traditionally, a "grand duchy", such as Luxembourg, was generally independent and sovereign. Sovereign duchies were common in the Holy Roman Empire and German-speaking areas. In France, a number of duchies existed in the medieval period. Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom still holds the medieval French title of "Duke of Normandy"; the only lands still attached to the Duchy of Normandy are the Channel Islands. 

In medieval England, the territories of Lancashire and Cornwall were made duchies, with certain powers given to their Dukes. 

Today, duchies aren't very common in Europe, primarily because a lot of former monarchies such as France and Russia had their revolutions. However, duchies will always be remembered - in our history textbooks. 


Bam Bam Bigelow

Scott Charles Bigelow (September 1, 1961 - January 19, 2007) was an American professional wrestler. He was more commonly known as Bam Bam Bigelow. He was famous for his time in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) (now World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) ) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW) in the late 1980s and early 1990s.

On the morning of January 19, 2007, Bigelow was found dead in his home at about 10:00 A.M. in Hudson, Florida. He was 45 years old. At the time of his death, Bigelow had been suffering from an infection and diabetes. He was 45 years old. The autopsy results showed that Bigelow's death was due to multiple drugs found in his system including toxic levels of cocaine and an anti-anxiety drug. Bigelow was also suffering from a heart problem.

Anglo-Norman language

The Anglo-Norman language is the name given to the special sort of the Norman language spoken by the Anglo-Normans, the descendants of the Normans who ruled the Kingdom of England following the conquest by William of Normandy in 1066. This langue d'oïl became the official language of England and later developed into the unique insular dialect now known as the Anglo-Norman language. It was much like Old French.

Anglo-Norman was the spoken language of the Norman nobility and was also used in the courts.


Langues d'oïl

Langues d'oïl (which literally means in English: "languages of yes") is the linguistic and historical name for the Gallo-Romance languages which developed from Latin in the northern territories of Roman Gaul that now are occupied by northern France, part of Belgium and the Channel Islands.


"Langue d'oïl" (in the singular), "Oïl dialects" and "Oïl languages" (in the plural) refer to all the ancient northern Gallo-Romance languages as well as their modern-day descendants. The most widely spoken modern Oïl language is French, but others include Norman, Walloon, Picard, Gallo, Poitevin-Saintongeais, and Champenois.

They share many common linguistic features. One of them is that "Oïl" (pronounced [wil], or [wi] as in modern French "oui"), was the ancestor of the word for "yes" that is used in all of the Oïl languages. "Oc" is the word used in territories to the south and so the Occitan language is also called "langue d'oc" (literal English translation: "language of yes").

Ring

A ring is a piece of jewelry that is usually worn on the finger.

It is usually made of metal such as gold, silver, platinum, but can be made of other things, for example, bone or glass. Many rings have gemstones on them, for beauty and decoration on your finger. It is a fashion accessory and sometimes a sign of importance (status). The Lord Chancellors of England were given a ring when taking office, and returned it when leaving the position. The ring identified them as the second most important person in the kingdom.
In most religions, senior clergy have rings of their office. It is standard practice for members of a church to kneel and kiss the ring as a sign of faith and obedience.

Rings have been used for engagements and weddings since prehistoric times. The engagement ring is meant to be a sign of luck and happiness. Both men and women used to wear an engagement ring to show that they were going to be married, but more recently only women have worn them. A diamond ring is seen as being especially lucky, as the sparkle of the diamond is said to come from the fires of love. A pearl in a ring is unlucky, as the pearl is a sign of tears. Because the ring is round and does not have an end, it is seen as a symbol of love which never ends. These are, of course, superstitions. However, a wedding ring is a public symbol of a legal relationship, and in many societies rings have that kind of function.

Most people wear wedding rings on the fourth finger ("ring finger") of their left hand.

Descendant

Descendant or descendent might mean: 


Gallo-Romance languages

The Gallo-Romance are a branch of Romance languages. It includes French and several other languages spoken in modern France and northern Italy and Spain. According to some linguists, it also includes Occitan and Catalan. Others group biyhy together as a separate Occitano-Romance branch or place Catalan within the Ibero-Romance group. The Gallo-Romance languages, along with the Ibero-Romance and Rhaeto-Romance groups, form Western Romance.


Capital accumulation

Capital accumulation means the gathering of objects of value; the increase in wealth; or the creation of wealth. In this context capital can be understood as assets used for profit.

In economics capital accumulation is often seen as the same as investment.

But capital accumulation can refer as well to 


Non-financial capital accumulation is an essential factor for economic growth, since additional investment is essential to enlarge the scale of production and increase employment opportunities.

Rosa Luxemburg insisted that capital accumulation is the cause of the imperialism on her essay ""The Accumulation of Capital".



Investment

In finance, Investment or investing means that an asset is bought, or that money is put into a bank to get a future interest from it. Investment is total amount of money spent by a shareholder in buying shares of a company. In economic management sciences, investments means longer-term savings.

It is a term used in business management, finance and economics, related to saving or deferring consumption. Literally, the word means the "action of putting something in to somewhere else" (perhaps originally related to a person's garment or 'vestment').

There are two major uses of the term investment between the economics field and the finance field. Economists refer to a real investment (such as a machine or a house), while financial economists refer to a financial asset, such as money that is put into a bank or the market which may then be used to buy a real asset. Advisors, who tell people how to manage their investments, might say that even when an investment is losing money because of bad times, not to give up and withdraw it. Instead, wait for the situation to improve. This is a risk for each person to decide.

The investment decision (also known as "capital budgeting") is one of the fundamental decisions of business management.



Battle of Bannockburn

The Battle of Bannockburn, fought on 23 and 24 June 1314, was an important Scottish victory in the Wars of Scottish Independence. A smaller Scottish army defeated a much larger and better armed English army.

When King Alexander III of Scotland died in 1286, his heir was his granddaughter Margaret, Maid of Norway. King Edward I of England arranged to have his son, Edward II of England, become her husband and share the crown of Scotland in 1289. But Margaret died on her way from Norway to Scotland in 1290. This began a period in Scotland called the First Interregnum (1290–1292). Scotland was without a monarch. Edward I was invited to choose who would be king from among the candidates who had any claim to be king. He chose John of Scotland. But Edward now claimed power over the Scottish king. Balliol could do nothing without Edward's approval. In July 1295 the Scottish Parliament met and took most of the power away from John Balliol and gave it to a group of men they elected called the "Council of Twelve." This group made an agreement with King Philip IV of France called the Auld Alliance. King Edward gathered his army at Newcastle and prepared to invade Scotland. He brought his army to Berwick and captured the town and castle. John Balliol sent King Edward letters refusing to recognize Edward's right to rule Scotland. After Edward had captured all the castles in Scotland, John Balliol surrendered to him. John Balliol was sent to prison in London, then later Edward allowed him to live in France. In 1296 Edward made every man in Scotland who owned land promise to be loyal to him. Scotland remained without a king of their own until 1306 when Robert the Bruce declared himself king of Scotland defying Edward I. Just before doing this Robert the Bruce had been involved in a dispute with John Comyn. The two met before the altar in Greyfriars Church in Dumfries in 1306 and in a fight John Comyn was killed. Robert the Bruce was crowned king three weeks later at Scone. Accused of murdering Comyn, Bruce was excommunicated by the Pope. Edward sent his men after Bruce but was unable to capture Him. A series of border skirmishes and wars went on. In 1310 Edward again invaded Scotland but with little effect. Between 1310 and 1314 a large number of castles were captured from the occupying English soldiers by Bruce and his followers.

In the Spring of 1313 Edward Bruce, brother of the Scottish King began a siege of Stirling Castle, which was held by Sir Philip Mowbray for the English king. By the middle of summer the Scots were still not able to defeat the castle. Edward Bruce made an agreement with the castle commander, Mowbray. It said that if the castle was not relieved by the English by 24 June the following year it would be surrendered to Bruce. Edward Bruce went to his brother to tell him the good news. But the Robert Bruce saw this as a mistake. It gave King Edward II of England a year to get ready an army to march into Scotland. Up to this point the king of Scotland had avoided pitched battles with the English army. All King Robert could do is prepare for what was sure to come. In October 1313 King Robert made everyone in Scotland take an oath of loyalty to him or lose their lands. The English king was now in danger of losing everything in Scotland. On 28 November 1313 Edward II announced he would assemble an army to be in Scotland before 24 June 1314.

Edward's first aim was to bring needed food, weapons, and fresh soldiers to Sterling Castle before they had to surrender. He began gathering the largest army a king of England had ever led. He had 2,500 heavy cavalry each followed by one or more mounted squires. Edward brought 3,000 of his best Welsh longbowmen. Finally he had 15,000 foot soldiers each with a sword, shield and spear. His army numbered over 20,000 and began marching from Berwick on 17 June 1314 and formed ten divisions. He had reached Edinburgh on 21 June where the army was re-supplied by Edward's ships. By 22 June the army made an exhausting march to Falkirk, only 10 miles from Sterling Castle. Edward's army moved on the old Roman road, which ran through an ancient forest known as the Tor Wood, over the Bannock burn and into the New Park, a hunting preserve enclosed at the time of Alexander III.

Bruce's army, like William Wallace's before him, was chiefly composed of infantry armed with 18-foot long pikes. It was divided into three main (infantry) battalions, and a fourth larger battalion commanded by the king himself serving as the reserve unit. The second battalion was commanded by Thomas Randolph, 1st Earl of Moray. The third was led by Edward Bruce, the king's brother. The fourth division was commanded by Sir James Douglas and his cousin Walter the Steward. The light cavalry of 500 strong was commanded by Robert Keith, Marischal of Scotland. Each infantry division formed into a Schiltron formation. Each man carried the pike upright and the outside ranks would lower theirs to form a lethal wall of sharp metal points. The schiltron could withstand an attack by knights on horses. But Bruce also trained them to attack.

Bruce's army had been gathering in the Tor Wood, an area that gave good natural cover. Bruce then moved his army just to the north to the New Park. This was more heavily wooded area where his movements could be concealed. It could also provide cover for a retreat if needed. The Scottish king chose his ground very carefully. The Bannock burn (or stream), which the English army had to cross on the way to Stirling was a natural obstacle. Parts of it were too deep for infantry or cavalry to cross. The area was also covered with marshy boggy ground difficult to ride over. Sir Thomas Gray called it "an evil, deep, wet marsh". On the east side was a sharp drop of 50 feet or more. The trees of the New Park were on the west side. Also, pits were dug as traps to break a cavalry charge. No matter which way the English cavalry tried to go they would be tangled up and be easy targets for the Scottish infantry. 
The only approach was over the old road from Falkirk to Sterling. This route was the only solid ground on which heavy cavalry could be moved.

Bruce's three main divisions numbered about 1,000 strong each. His own reserve division was at double strength or about 2,000 strong. The Marischal's light cavalry was about 500 horse and there was a small group of archers. Together the Scottish army numbered between 5,000 and 6,000 men. This was about one-fourth the size of Edward's force.

The English army reached Tor Wood on June 23rd and stopped. They were met by Sir Philip Mowbray, the English commander of Stirling Castle. He told the king there was no need for battle. Edward had fulfilled his obligation to relieve the castle by coming within three leagues. Also he had seen Bruce's preparations and warned of trying to attack the Scots with heavy cavalry. Like Edward II and his commanders, Mowbray thought the Scots would retreat when they saw the size of Edward's great army. The vanguard of Edward's forces under Gloucester had already crossed the ford over the Bannockburn towards the Scottish lines. An English knight Henry de Bohun was riding ahead of his companions when he caught sight of 
the Scottish king inspecting some of his lines. De Bohun lowered his lance and charged. Robert the Bruce was mounted on a small palfrey and armed with a battle-axe He could have simply moved behind his men and let them repel the charging warhorse and rider. Instead he turned his horse and rode towards de Bohun. At the last moment Bruce swerved his horse to one side, missing de Bohun's lance. He then rose in his stirrups and brought down his axe with such force he cut through de Bohun's helmet killing him instantly. There was a stunned silence by both armies then a great cheer rose among the Scottish soldiers. Then the highlanders of Bruce's own division charged the English cavalry who were still lining up. The horses of the Earl of Gloucester and several others stumbled as they fell into the hidden pits. The earl was rescued but the English cavalry fled from the charging Scots. King Robert stopped their charge and they returned to their lines. This showed how well-disciplined the Scottish soldiers had become.

When King Robert returned his brother and his commanders criticized the king (as much as they dared) for risking his life that way. Robert the Bruce did not answer them. He only stared at his now broken battle-axe. Looking around the king saw English cavalry moving around their left. He pointed out the cavalry and said to Thomas Randolph "a rose has fallen from your chaplet". Immediately Randolph rode to his men and moved the schildton onto the open ground in the path of the English knights. When their leader Sir Henry Beaumont saw the Scots approaching he said "let us wait a little; let them come on; give them room." Sir Thomas Gray replied "I doubt that whatever you give them now, they will have all too soon." Sir Henry said to Thomas Gray, "if you are afraid then be off!" Sir Thomas replied "it is not from fear that I shall fly this day" and along with several other knights charged the Scottish schiltron. Many were killed, being impaled on the spears. Sir Thomas himself was captured. The remainder of the English knights surrounded the schiltron and attacked the Scots from every angle. But the schiltron held and the English in frustration began throwing their weapons at the Scots. When Sir James Douglas, commanding the left schiltron saw his friend in trouble and begged Bruce to go to his rescue. But by the time he returned to his man Randolph was winning the day. Moving forward Randolph's schiltron split the English cavalry in two. Half of the remaining English fled back to the English lines while half fled to Sterling Castle. After losing just one Yeoman, the Scots took off their helmets to rest from the heat of the day.

Sir Alexander de Seton had secretly left the King of England's Army and came to Robert the Bruce that night. He wished to no longer serve the king of England and offered to join the Bruce. He pledged on his life that the English were discouraged and if Bruce attacked them tomorrow, he would win the battle.

The English moved from the bogs south and east of the burn to harder ground. They had to water all the warhorses, draft horses and oxen. By the time the move was finished it was nearly dawn. But the tidal rivers around them had risen and they could not cross them as they did earlier. The English were now cramped into a small space where they could not move freely.

 
Robert the Bruce saw where the English spent the night. Their narrow front gave the Scottish army an advantage if the English did not move before morning. Morning found the English had not moved. Not long after daybreak on 24 June, three Scots divisions came out of the woods and began moving towards the English. The English mounted their horses in great confusion. When the Scots schiltrons began attacking the English lines the knights and soldiers could not maneuver. They were so crowded men were being pushed into the Bannock burn behind them.

Overnight the Earl of Gloucester and Edward II had been in an argument. Gloucester thought the English soldiers should rest another day before doing battle. The king accused him of being disloyal. Gloucester was still angry when the trumpets sounded the signal to assemble. So without putting on his surcoat he mounted his horse and charged into the schiltron commanded by Edward Bruce. The Scots did not recognize him without his surcoat and so did not spare him. The Earl and several of those with him were killed trying to break through the wall of spears.

The other two Scottish divisions moved up to join Edward Bruce. Randolph moved up on Bruce's left side. James Douglas came up next to Randolph. Together all three schiltrons filled the narrow . They pushed forward into the confused English. Wounded horses without their knights were running back into the English lines. Edward's army was now so crowded they could hardly move. The Scots were pushing into them from the front. The back ranks were being pushed into the water and marshes.

Up to this point in the battle the English and Welsh longbowmen (archers) had not been used to their full advantage. They were moved to the right side of the English lines. From here they could fire arrows into the Scottish army with great effect. But Robert the Bruce had provided for this event. His 500 light horsemen led by Keith, the Marischal, quickly scattered the English and Welsh archers. many of the English and Welsh archers ran back to the English lines. This caused more confusion and the infantry also begin to run away. The Scottish king now sent in his reserve division behind Douglas. When the English saw another large force of Scots joining the battle they began . Everywhere King Edward looked his forces were losing the battle.

The Earl of Pembroke and sir Giles d'Argentan were guarding the English King. As the battle was now lost they needed to get the king to safety. They led him off the battlefield and towards Sterling Castle. At the same time several Scots recognized the king and tried to capture him. The king fought them off with his . He broke free and rode to Sterling Castle a short distance away. At the castle Sir Philip Mowbray did not allow King Edward to enter. He told the king he now had to surrender the castle and the king would be taken prisoner. But Mowbray gave Edward II a knight to guide the king and his party to safety. Edward, with 500 of his cavalry turned towards Linlithgow. Sir James Douglas got permission from Robert the Bruce to pursue the English king. With a group of Keith's Douglas kept close behind Edward as he fled south. As he pursued the English king, Douglas and his men encountered Sir Lawrence de Abernethy who with 80 men was on his way to join Edward at Bannockburn. On finding out the king had lost the battle he and his men joined Douglas in trying to capture Edward. The English tried to bait them into a fight at Winchburg but Douglas stayed on their flank (side).Even with Abernethy's men the Scots were not strong enough to take on Edward's knights. The chase continued all the way to Dunbar Castle. Loyalties on the border were very uncertain at this time. The local earl had sided with Edward. So the king was allowed to escape in a boat back to England with only a few of his closest followers. The rest of his 500 horsemen were left to find their way back to England as best they could.

Another large group of Edward's knights escaped to Bothwell Castle. There they were welcomed by the castle commander, Walter Gilbertson. But Gilbertson soon changed sides and took all the English prisoners. The remainder of Edward's large army scattered in every direction. In trying to escape the Scottish schildrons, many were drowned in the Bannockburn and the River Forth. A large number were taken prisoner and later ransomed. The English baggage train was left behind. It's silver, gold, and luxuries the noblemen brought with them was worth a fortune alone. Along with the ransoms paid for their prisoners this brought sudden wealth to Scotland.

The wars with England were still not over. It would be another 14 years until Scotland was free of English rule. But to the Scots the Battle of Bannockburn was a major victory. Before the battle Robert the Bruce was considered by many a usurper (pretender). He only had limited support in Scotland. After Bannockburn Robert the Bruce became a national hero. He had the support of most of Scotland. However his political rivals in Scotland suffered. Perhaps no one more than the Comyn family and supporters. Both John Comyn of Badenoch and Edward Comyn of Kilbride were killed at Bannockburn. With them died any hope of an English victory returning this family to power.

The English dead at Bannockburn were buried with honors according to their rank. There were over 500 returned to England in exchange for ransom. And Scottish prisoners in England were returned in exchange. Robert the Bruce's wife, daughter and sister were returned. The border wars continued but from 1314 to 1328 the focus shifted to the north of England. The purpose of all the raids was to get Edward II to recognize Robert the Bruce as king of Scotland. Also for England to give up their claims to Scotland and recognize their independence. The English learned their lesson from Bannockburn. The Scots apparently didn't. In the later Battle of Dupplin Moor and Halidon Hill the same tactics that brought victory at Bannockburn brought them defeat. William Mackenzie wrote: "Never did the arms of England suffer so complete a disaster; never did the arms of Scotland repeat so remarkable a performance."


Wars of the Roses

The Wars of the Roses (1455–1487) were a series of civil wars fought over the throne of England between supporters of the House of Lancaster, the Lancastrians, and supporters of the House of York, the Yorkists. Both houses were branches of the Plantagenet royal house and were related through King Edward III.

The wars began for several reasons, and historians have debated the one that was most important. King Henry VI was seen as a poor ruler by many of his people because of his lack of interest in politics and his mental illness (his French queen, Margaret of Anjou, often made key decisions instead). Also, England's defeat in the Hundred Years' War in France, economic problems after the war and problems with the feudal system of government were other causes.

The name of the Wars of the Roses, which was first used only in the 19th century, comes from the white rose symbol for the House of York and the red rose symbol for the House of Lancaster. However, the red rose symbol was not used until after the wars had ended, and most soldiers fought under the symbol of their local nobleman. At the time, they were called the "Civil Wars". The houses were named after the cities of Lancaster and York, but neither city played a big role during the war, and both houses owned land all over England and Wales.

King Edward III had many sons, as is shown in the family tree below. His oldest son, known by his nickname "The Black Prince" died first, and the throne passed to the Black Prince's son, Richard, who became King Richard II of England in 1377 although he was only ten. He grew up to be a weak and unpopular king, and one of his actions was to send his cousin Henry into exile.

Henry later returned while Richard was away in Ireland and took over the country. When Richard returned, Henry tricked him into giving himself up. Richard was put into prison, where he died, and Henry became King Henry IV of England.

Henry IV reigned until his death and was followed by his son, King Henry V (in 1413). Henry V died in 1422 and was followed by his son King Henry VI, who was only a baby. Henry VI did not run the government until 1437. He then ruled until 1461, six years after the Wars of the Roses began.

Henry VI was considered a poor ruler by some of his people for several reasons. He was shy and did not like politics and war. He was easily led by a small number of friends, such as his French queen Margaret of Anjou and his advisor Edmund Beaufort, Duke of Somerset.

Henry VI's reign also saw England's defeat in the Hundred Year's War. England had done well in the war while he was still a child, and by 1428, the English appeared to be close to defeating their House of Valois enemies. However, they soon had problems, including Joan of Arc's rebellions in 1429-1430 and Burgundy's decision to switch sides in 1435. Because of these problems, England's control in France was already weakened when Henry VI started to run the government in 1437. Henry VI tried to end the war with a peace agreement, but his French enemies realised that they could win a complete victory. In 1453, England had lost all their lands in France apart from Calais.

Also in 1453, Henry VI was for the first time overcome with mental illness and could not run the country. A powerful nobleman called Richard, Duke of York persuaded the other nobles to make him "Lord Protector". That meant that he would run the country until the king recovered.

While York ran the country, he locked his enemy Somerset in the Tower of London. Henry recovered in 1454 and began to run the country again. He let Somerset out and gave him back his position. York and his supporters then became afraid that the king and Somerset would have them executed.
York decided that he could protect himself only by defeating the king in battle. He raised an army of many people who were unhappy with Henry and Margaret, which led to the First Battle of St Albans in 1455. That was the first to be fought between the Yorkists, who supported York, and the Lancastrians (who supported Henry). York won with the help of the Richard Neville, Earl of Warwick. Henry was found hiding in a leather shop, taken prisoner and was again overcome with mental illness. Somerset and some of the king's other key supporters were killed in the battle. York was again made Lord Protector.

The next year, Henry recovered. York let him go back to running the country and was put in charge of running Ireland. Henry and Margaret knew that they could not get rid of York easily. For the next few years, both sides wanted to stop a war from breaking out but could not agree on several things. York wanted to be the next king after Henry died, rather than Henry and Margaret's newborn son, Edward. Margaret would not allow that and so Henry moved to Coventry, where he had more support.

A more serious war broke out in 1459 and started because Warwick had attacked other country's ships during his time in charge of Calais. Henry asked Warwick to meet to explain what he doing, but Warwick refused. Soon enough, York and Warwick started putting together an army. They were stopped at the Battle of Ludford Bridge and fled England. Henry and the Lancastrians now had control. They ordered that York and Warwick were to be executed if they were found.

The peace did not last long. York and Warwick returned and raised an army and won the Battle of Northampton. For the second time, Henry was captured after he was overcome with mental illness. York was made Lord Protector for the third time.

York then announced that he wanted to take the throne for himself. Many of his supporters thought that was a step too far and so they agreed that Henry would still be king, but York, not Henry's son, would be the next king.

York then travelled to the north of England to attack the remaining Lancastrians. That led to a disaster, and York lost the Battle of Wakefield at the end of 1460 and was killed. His son Edward the became leader of the Yorkists. The next year saw mixed results for both sides. Edward defeated a Lancastrian army at the Battle of Mortimer's Cross, but the Lancastrians won the Second Battle of St Albans where Henry escaped. In London, Edward was met with a lot of support, announced that he wanted to take the throne and defeated the Lancastrians at the Battle of Towton. That was the bloodiest battle that was ever fought on British soil.

After Towton, Edward was in control of England and was crowned as Edward IV in June 1461. Over the next few years, he and his allies put down small Lancastrian rebellions. Henry was again captured in 1465.

Fighting broke out again in 1469 when Edward's most powerful supporter, the Earl of Warwick, switched sides. Warwick was furious that Edward had married Elizabeth Woodville, a common woman. Many people also thought that was wrong since kings were then expected to marry the daughters of noblemen or other kings. Warwick led a rebellion against the king. The country was left in confusion. At one point Warwick captured Edward and so he had captured two kings.

Warwick soon let Edward go and then supported making Henry king again. Warwick believed that he could run the country while Henry was on the throne. He also arranged for Henry's son to marry Warwick's daughter Anne Neville. Edward could not raise an army to fight and so he fled the country in 1470. Henry VI then became the ruler again. Warwick's role in bringing Edward and then Henry to power led to him being nicknamed "Kingmaker".

Henry's return did not last long. Warwick planned to help France invade Burgundy, which helped Edward find soldiers. Edward returned in 1471 and won two great victories over the Lancastrians. The first was the Battle of Barnet in which Warwick was killed. The second was the Battle of Tewksbury in which Margaret was taken prisoner and her son was killed.

Edward IV took the throne again and Henry VI was imprisoned in the Tower of London. He died one month later, and historians think Edward had him murdered since that left the Lancastrians without a leader.

There was little fighting for the next 12 years. Margaret was released in 1475, went back to France and died in 1482.

Edward IV ruled until his sudden death in 1483. Just before dying, Edward had said that his 12-year-old son should become king as Edward V, and Edward's brother Richard would be "Lord Protector". Richard would run the country until Edward V became an adult.

Edward V was the king for 78 days before Richard took the throne for himself. He was crowned as Richard III. The young Edward and his brother disappeared a few months later while they were living in the Tower of London. Many people thought Richard had ordered the boys to be killed, and some historians agree. That caused many Yorkists to turn against Richard III.

Richard managed to win against a rebellion by his old friend, the Duke of Buckingham. Henry Tudor, a distant relative of Henry VI who returned to England, became the leader of the rebellions and created a new Lancastrian army. Elizabeth, Edward IV's widow, supported Henry after he promised to marry her daughter Elizabeth of York. In the Battle of Bosworth Field, Richard III was killed, and his army was defeated. Henry took the throne as King Henry VII, the first king of the House of Tudor.

The Battle of Bosworth Field is often seen as the end of the war. However, there was another great battle two years later, but Henry VII stopped a rebellion and brought peace to the country.

Henry married Edward IV's daughter Elizabeth of York and told people that he was bringing the two houses together. He also started the Tudor rose symbol, with a red rose and white rose joined.



Matchbook

A matchbook is a small cardboard container that holds a quantity of matches inside and has a coarse striking surface on the outside. 

A flap on the front is lifted to access the matches, which are attached to the interior base in a comb-like pattern and must be torn away before use. (In the matchbox, by contrast, the matches are arranged loosely in the interior tray.)

Matchbooks are often covered with advertising logos or various artistic decorations, and they have served as collector's items and free souvenirs. 

Friedrich Kellner Diary

The Diary of Friedrich Kellner is a journal written during the Second World War. The author, August Friedrich Kellner, was a justice inspector in the courthouse in Mainz. He was also a political activist for the Social Democratic Party of Germany between 1918 and 1933. After Hitler banned the party, the family moved to Laubach. 

When Hitler ordered the invasion of Poland in September 1939, Kellner began his secret diary. He named his diary "Mein Widerstand," which means "My Opposition." In the diary, he wrote down what he saw and heard about what happened in Nazi Germany. He wrote it so that people later would know about it. 

The diary has ten volumes, with a total of 861 pages. There are 676 dated entries. Included in the diary are more than 500 newspaper clippings.

The English translation of the diary was published in 2018 by Cambridge University Press under the title, "My Opposition: The Diary of Friedrich Kellner -- A German against the Third Reich".

At the end of World War Two, most Germans said they knew nothing about the mass murders of the Jews. But as early as October 28, 1941, Kellner wrote the following entry in his diary:
A soldier on vacation here said he witnessed a terrible atrocity in the occupied parts of Poland. He watched as naked Jewish men and women were placed in front of a long deep ditch and upon the order of the SS were shot by Ukrainians in the back of their heads and they fell into the ditch. Then the ditch was filled with dirt even as he could still hear screams coming from people still alive in the ditch. These inhuman atrocities were so terrible that some of the Ukrainians, who were used as tools, suffered nervous breakdowns. All the soldiers who had knowledge of these bestial actions of these Nazi sub-humans were of the opinion that the German people should be shaking in their shoes because of the coming retribution. There is no punishment that would be hard enough to be applied to these Nazi beasts. Of course, when the retribution comes, the innocent will have to suffer along with them. But because ninety percent of the German population is guilty, directly or indirectly, for the present situation, we can only say that those who travel together will hang together.

There is not much in the diary about the Kellners’ personal lives. Instead, Friedrich Kellner wrote about the political atmosphere of a country run by terrorists. He also wrote about the leaders and people in other nations who remained indifferent to what Hitler and Mussolini were planning. Kellner was very angry that millions of people had to die because a few politicians in the democracies failed to confront Hitler and his allies. Kellner was also angry at the famous aviator Charles Lindbergh, and the car manufacturer Henry Ford, and at others who blindly expressed admiration for Adolf Hitler. “The whole world let themselves be fooled by this man,” Kellner wrote on May 3, 1942. 
Friedrich Kellner expected America and England to come to the rescue. On June 25, 1941, he wrote:

When will this insanity be brought to an end? When will the intoxication of victory turn into a terrible hangover? Now is a unique chance for England and America to take the initiative, but not only with empty promises and insufficient measures. If America had the will to throw its entire might into the fray, it could tip the balance for a return of peace. Only a tremendous force and the commitment of all war material can bring the German wild steer to reason. Up until now the statesmen–through unbelievable shortsightedness–have neglected or failed their duty. Mankind awake! Attack together with all your might against the destroyers of peace! No reflections, no resolutions, no speeches, no neutrality. Advance against the enemy of mankind!

<br>

Friedrich Kellner wrote the diary to expose the crimes of the Third Reich. He believed his diary could serve as a warning for future generations to oppose dictatorships and their totalitarian ideology.
After the war, Friedrich Kellner helped to reestablish the Social Democratic Party. He became chairman of the Laubach branch. He retired from politics in 1960, at the age of seventy-five.
In 1968, he gave his diary to his American grandson, Professor Robert Scott Kellner , to take to America for safekeeping. He told him:

The day will come when the same kind of anti-democratic and anti-Semitic hatred will bring intense misery to the world. Use the diary as a weapon against dictatorships and terrorism. There will always be people of bad will, therefore people of good will must be prepared to oppose them.




My Opposition: The Diaries of Friedrich Kellner

My Opposition: the Diaries of Friedrich Kellner is a 2007 documentary movie by Abella Entertainment Ltd. of Toronto, Canada. It is produced and directed by Fern Levitt and Arnie Zipursky. Leonard Asper is an executive producer. The movie is distributed by CCI Entertainment.

The documentary tells the story of Chief Justice Inspector Friedrich Kellner ( ) who wrote a secret diary during World War II. The diary records the crimes of the Nazis. The movie uses interviews, historical footage, and re-enactments of events to tell how Friedrich Kellner risked his life to write the diary. The story is also about Kellner’s American grandson, Robert Scott Kellner, who was abandoned as a child but later found his grandfather in Germany. Part of the movie is about the grandson’s attempt to bring the Friedrich Kellner diary to the attention of the public.

The movie begins with Friedrich Kellner as a political activist for the Social Democratic Party of Germany before the war. He campaigns against Adolf Hitler and the Nazis. The re-enactments show Kellner trying to stop the riots against the Jews during Kristallnacht. Kellner is brought before a tribunal, and he is threatened with imprisonment in a concentration camp. The movie shows Kellner’s active and passive resistance against the Third Reich. One scene shows him distributing leaflets that had been dropped from American planes. When World War II comes to an end, Kellner helps to restore the SPD. He becomes the chairman of the party in his region. Interwoven in the story about Friedrich Kellner is the story of his grandson.

The documentary was filmed on location in Mainz and in Laubach, Germany, and in Texas.



List of Nobel Prize winners in Economics

The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel, commonly called the Nobel Prize in Economics, is a prize awarded each year for outstanding contributions in the field of economics. The prize was not one of the awards set out in the will of Alfred Nobel. The winners of the prize receive their diploma and gold medal from the Swedish monarch at the same December 10 ceremony in Stockholm as the Nobel laureates in physics, chemistry, physiology or medicine, and literature. The amount of money awarded is the same as the other prizes.



Lindsey Jacobellis

Lindsey Jacobellis (born August 19, 1985 in Danbury, Connecticut) is an American snowboarder. She competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics and won the silver medal.


Axis of Evil

Axis of Evil, often correlated with the Axis of Resistance, is a term first used by US President George W. Bush in his State of the Union speech on January 29, 2002 to describe the governments of Iraq, Iran, and North Korea and later Cuba, Libya, and Syria. He used this term because he believed that they backed terrorism and were trying to buy weapons of mass destruction. The name "Axis of Resistance" was later adopted by Iran as a response to the "Axis of Evil" name.

State of the Union Address

The State of the Union Address is a speech the president of the United States of America gives every year, usually in January. In the speech the president talks about how the country is doing and what plans he will be proposing for that year.

According to tradition, president speaks with its appeal annual. The US Constitution it does not set clear terms such appeals. Article II, Section 3 of the US Constitution reads «He shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the State of the Union, and recommend to their Consideration such Measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient».

Before the president enters the congressional chamber of the United States Capitol, the Sergeant at Arms always yells: "Mister/Madam Speaker, the President of the United States".

Ninja

A ninja is a kind of spy or assassin who lived in Japan beginning in the 14th century. 

Ninja (or shinobi) were a mystery in the History of Japan. The correct Japanese word for these warriors was shinobi-no-mono, which literally means "people who survive/endure". Ninja is easier to say; this is why it is more widely used. Shinobi-no-mono is the native Japanese word for ninja, while ninja is the Sino-Japanese word. Ninja warriors created secret associations and took part in many political killings. Their mystery comes from two ideas: 1) they always participated in secret spy operations and political killings; 2) ninja were hired by heads of armies as paid warriors (mercenaries). The art of fighting which was used by ninja was called ninjitsu, which was a combination of shinobi-no-jitsu and shinobi-jitsu.

Many people thought ninja were not normal people. People believed they could fly and had supernatural skills. Ninja existed during the entire history of Japan, but ninja only became specially trained people at the beginning of the 15th century. They mainly trained in the regions of Iga and Koga. 

Ninja were involved in samurai wars and were hired by samurai for different missions, but at the same time samurai did not accept them as noble warriors because most of the ninja came from lower social classes. They were dangerous and could not be controlled. Their methods of fighting did not fit the samurai code. The samurai code was a code of honor. For example, the samurai warrior would show his rank and would only fight a samurai of equal or higher rank. Japanese land lords (daimyo) widely used the services of the Iga and Koga ninja in the period of 1485-1581. But in 1581, one of the three daimyo who united Japan – Oda Nobunaga attacked ninja from Iga province. The ninja remained alive and ran to the provinces Kii and Mikawa, where Tokugawa Ieyasu protected them. Later, Oda Nobunaga was killed by a samurai named Akechi Mitsuhide, who later became an enemy to Tokugawa Ieyasu.

The art of ninja fighting was passed down from father to son, or from master ("sensei") to their best students. But in the middle of 17th century, Nakagawa Sosuntzin created a ninja school in the Mutsu Province. It was called Nakagawa-ryu and taught the ninjitsu method of fighting. Nakagawa Sosuntzin himself trained a group of 10 men, which he called Hayamiti-no-mono (men of the short hit). Ninja were taught many more things than a samurai. They had to be skilled at handling swords, spears, bows and many other weapons; but also they had to know about explosive and poisonous substances, to be a good path finder and to survive in different situations. Usually they were trained from young age and had to keep a very specific physical shape. Ninja were not allowed to be too light or too heavy. A ninja who could read and write was very appreciated. 

It tends to be thought that a ninja usually wore black clothes which helped him to hide in the dark, however, they wore dark blue, red, or brown clothes, which are more quiet than black at night. In usual days, a ninja never wore showy dress and pretended to be another job, for example, a merchant, a traveling monk, a monkey showman and so on. If they had to fight on the battlefield, they put on a light armor, which protected them, but also allowed easy movement. On their feet they wore Japanese socks which separated the big toe (the socks were called tabi). The ninja outfit had many pockets for helpful gear. Chain armor was normally beneath their cloak in-case danger came their way like an ambush.

The diversity of ninja weapons and attributes is much wider than that of the samurai. The main weapon of ninja was the sword. Ninja swords were usually shorter than samurai katana and had a straight blade. When they climbed, the sword was put on the left shoulder, putting the handle of the sword was close to the left ear. Ninja also used different types of throwing knives, and a weapon for their fists called tagaki. They used metallic claws on their feet which helped them to climb and made their kicks more dangerous.

They are also very close to the other form of Japanese killer, a samurai.

As with Robin Hood or King Arthur, the ongoing presence of ninja in pop culture movies and manga often differs widely from their true origins.



USS Arizona Memorial

The USS "Arizona" Memorial is in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. It is to remember the sailors killed when Pearl Harbor was attacked on December 7, 1941 by the Japanese. During the attack 1,177 sailors were killed on the USS "Arizona". The memorial is located on top of the sunken USS "Arizona". People can walk over the ship to look at it.

USS Arizona (BB-39)

The USS "Arizona" (BB-39) was an American battleship from the Pennsylvania Class. The building of the ship was started in 1913 and it was commissioned in 1916. It fought in World War I. The USS "Arizona" is best known for its sinking during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. The attack was the event that caused the United States to join the fighting in World War II. The wreck is still at the floor of the harbor. It is the site of a memorial to those who died that day.

USS "Arizona" (BB-39) was one of three ships in the history of the United States Navy to be named USS "Arizona". It was the only one of the three to be named that after Arizona became a U.S. state. 


War crime

A war crime is a crime that happens in a war. There are international laws of war that say what people can do during wars and what they cannot do. A war crime breaks these rules.

Today, these rules are international laws called the Geneva Conventions and the Hague Convention.

To be a war criminal, a crime must be part of a plan or has to be committed against protected persons and must be committed during a war. 

In international armed conflicts, only prisoners of war, wounded and sick enemy fighters, shipwrecked survivors, and enemy civilians are protected persons. Nationals under their own authority as well as neutral civilians living in a belligerent state and allied citizens as long their states maintain diplomatic relations with a belligerent power are not protected persons under the law of war in the same conflicts.

In non-international armed conflicts, persons not taking part in hostilities are protected regardless of nationality.

The idea of what a "war crime" is has changed over time. For example, during World War II, the strategic bombing during World War II was not a war crime. Now it is.

In 2002, the International Criminal Court (ICC) was created. Its goal is to look into and, if possible, punish people for war crimes. When the ICC was created, it came up with a longer list of war crimes. For example, its list was the first one to include types of sexual abuse like forcing women into sexual slavery.

Here are some examples of crimes that the ICC lists as war crimes.

These are war crimes whether they are committed against enemy soldiers or protected civilians or neutral persons.

These are war crimes whether they are committed against enemy soldiers or protected civilians or neutral persons.

War crimes against protected civilians include:

War crimes against enemy soldiers include:

War crimes against neutral persons include:

This table shows some examples of war crimes.


Senate

In a modern democracy, a senate is a group of people who are part of a legislature. A legislature passes or changes laws for their country, state, or other area. Members of a senate are called senators. Some legislatures are bicameral, meaning they have two groups of people (working in separate places) called "houses". A senate can be called a "House of Senators". 

The senate of some such legislatures is weaker than the other house. The other house is called a "House of Representatives", House of Commons, or Assembly. In bicameral legislatures, both houses must pass the same bill to make it a law. Modern democratic systems having legislatures with senates include the United States of America (U. S.), Canada, Australia and many states in the United States.

The first ever senate was the Roman Senate. The name comes from their word for "elder".

Senate is also the name of the ruling body of some universities.

Sometimes, the senators are split into different groups, who then have different responsibilities. These groups meet in different rooms; each group is called a "chamber".

Kano

Kano is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Kano State. Kano is the third largest city in Nigeria, after Ibadan and Lagos. About 3,626,204 people live in Kano.

It has long been the economic centre of northern Nigeria, and a centre for the sale of groundnuts. Kano is known for the Bayero University and a railway station with trains to Lagos and Port Harcourt, moving through Kaduna, while Kano International Airport can be found nearby. Kano has long been a centre for Nigeria's Islamic culture; one of the country's finest mosques lies in the city.

It is also the site where the Kano river project was developed. This is a large irrigation scheme.

The city of Kano was founded around A.D. 1000 as an Hausa city of its own. Kano remained a big emirate, or Muslim kingdom, until the birth of the country, Nigeria, in 1903. Kano became known for its trade in gold, leather, ivory, salt and slaves within the area. This perhaps is the reason for the city's wealth and power in the 14th century, when Islam gained a growing following. By the 15th century, the first Central Mosque had been built in the city.

Battle of Bosworth Field

The Battle of Bosworth or Bosworth Field was an important battle during the Wars of the Roses in 15th century England. It was fought on 22 August 1485 between the Yorkist King Richard III, the last of the Plantagenet dynasty, and the Lancastrian <nowiki>Henry Tudor</nowiki>, who wanted to become king. It ended in the defeat and death of Richard and the beginning of the Tudor dynasty. Historically, the battle is thought to have marked the end of the Wars of the Roses, although smaller battles were fought in the years that followed as Yorkists unsuccessfully tried to become king again.

The place of the battle is not precisely known. Memorials have been built in some of the possible locations.

The Battle of Bosworth is an important part of William Shakespeare's play "Richard III". The action of the play ends with this battle.



Escherichia coli

Escherichia coli or E. coli is a bacterium that lives in the intestines of people and other warm-blooded animals. Scientists have studied "E. coli" a lot, and know more about how "E. coli" cells work than any other organism. "E. coli" is usually not harmful. In fact, the only known harmful strain is O156. E.coli is a prokaryotic organism.

"E. coli" normally grow in soil and in the large intestines of many mammals, including humans. Most strains of "E. coli" do not cause disease, but instead help animals get vitamins and digest food. Some strains of "E. coli" cause sickness in people. "E. coli" are not usually in food or water. When food has not been prepared with clean equipment, "E. coli" can grow in the food. When "E. coli" are found in water, this may mean that the water has touched sewage. 

It is named after Theodor Escherich, who discovered it in 1885. It was officially named after him in 1919.

The following signs and symptoms of an "E. coli" infection normally happen within three days; however, some people may carry the infection and show no signs at all.

The best treatment for "E. coli" is plenty of fluids to avoid dehydration.

Borg

The Borg are a fictional race of organic cyborgs in the Star Trek universe which have formed over thousands of years. The Borg use nanoprobes to assimilate others, like humans or vulcans, into their group consciousness. The only exception to assimilation are races either too primitive to assimilate (who are ignored) or races too dangerous to assimilate (who are destroyed). The Borg's group consciousness is led by the Borg queen, who's role is similar to that of a queen bee in a bee hive.
Despite their ability to adapt to various attempts to destroy them, the Borg can be defeated several ways:<br>


"We are the Borg. Lower your shields and surrender your ships. We will add your biological and technological distinctiveness to our own. Your culture will adapt to service us. Resistance is futile"


House of Plantagenet

The House of Plantagenet ruled England in some form or another from the reign of Henry II, beginning in 1154, until the House of Tudor came to power when Richard III fell at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485.

It goes back to the Angevin counts (from 1360, dukes) of the western French province of Anjou. Three dynasties belong to it: Angevins, House of Lancaster (Lancastrians) and House of York (Yorkists). Lancastrians and Yorkists fought against each other the Wars of the Roses to get the crown for their dynasty alone.





Angevin

Angevin is the name of the residents of Anjou, a former province of the Kingdom of France, as well as to the residents of Angers. It is also used for three different medieval dynasties which go back to counts (from 1360, dukes) of the western French province of Anjou (of which "angevin" is the adjectival form), but later came to rule far greater areas including England, Ireland, Hungary, Croatia, Poland, "Kingdom of Naples and Sicily", and Kingdom of Jerusalem ("see Angevin Empire"). 

The first of these Angevin dynasties, the House of Plantagenet, ruled England in some form or another from the reign of Henry II, beginning in 1154, until the House of Tudor came to power when Richard III fell at the Battle of Bosworth Field in 1485. 

Count

A count is a nobleman in most of European countries, equivalent in rank to a British earl, whose wife is also still a "countess" (for lack of an Anglo-Saxon term). The word "count" comes from French "comte" which in turn comes from the Latin "comitas", "companion" (of the emperor). In feudalism the territory ruled by a count was a county.

A woman having this title or the wife of a count is called countess.


Budgerigar

The budgerigar (nicknamed budgie," binomial name Melopsittacus undulatus") is a small parrot. It belongs to the family of Old World parakeets (Psittaculidae). Budgerigars are often called "parakeets", especially in American English. The term "Parakeet" refers to many types of small parrots with long flat tails. The budgerigar is found in drier parts of Australia. It has lived there for over 5 million years. It is commonly kept as a pet. Budgies are intelligent birds and can be taught to mimic human speech.


Endocarditis

Endocarditis is an inflammation of the inner layer of the heart. Endocarditis most often affects the heart valves. The heart valves are a part of the human body that does not get blood. This is odd because they are a part of the heart itself. Because of this, if one of the valves gets infected with bacteria or protozoa, the body can not defend itself against those bacteria. This can cause the valve to not work the way it should.

Tetracycline

Tetracycline is a family of antibiotics discovered as natural products in 1945. It is a broad-spectrum antibiotic because it works against a range of bacteria.

Tetracyclines was first prescribed in 1948. It is produced naturally by the "Streptomyces" genus of Actinobacteria. It is a protein synthesis inhibitor.

In 1950, Harvard University professor Robert Burns Woodward worked out the chemical structure of the related oxytetracycline (Terramycin). The patent protection for its production was also first issued in 1950.

Tetracycline is an antibiotic used to treat a number of bacterial infections. It is commonly used to treat acne and rosacea. Historically it was important in reducing the number of deaths from cholera. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.

Hemoglobin

Hemoglobin (or haemoglobin) is a protein in red blood cells which contains iron. It is used to transport oxygen around the human body. 

Hemoglobin is found in the red blood cells of almost all vertebrates. The exceptions are the fish family Channichthyidae, and the tissues of some invertebrates. It does occur in some invertebrates, but most invertebrates use other chemicals, such as hemocyanin.

Hemoglobin is involved in the transport of other gases. It carries some of the body's respiratory carbon dioxide (about 20-25% of the total).

Red blood cells get their colour from hemoglobin, which is red. There are millions of hemoglobin molecules in each red blood cell and millions of red blood cells in the human body. When hemoglobin has oxygen attached, it is called oxyhemoglobin.

The most common type of hemoglobin in mammals contains four such subunits. Each subunit of hemoglobin is a globular protein (globin) with a heme group inside it. Each heme group has one iron atom. This binds one oxygen molecule. So the complete hemoglobin molecule has four globin chains, four heme molecules, and four iron atoms. When hemoglobin is in the lungs, it picks up oxygen in its hemes, and carries it to the rest of the body.

Its structure took years to work out. Max Perutz and John Kendrew worked out the structure of myoglobin first. That muscle globin is smaller, with only one heme group.

Cornea

The cornea is the front part of the eye. It is the clear transparent section of the eye. The cornea covers the iris, pupil, and the eye chamber. It is a special form of tissue. The cornea is clear and has no blood vessels. It has nerves, but with no myelin sheaths on them.

The cornea, with the lens, refracts light. The cornea and the lens bend light so the image strikes the retina. The cornea does about two-thirds of this refraction.

Dua's layer is a newly discovered layer of the cornea. It was described in June 2013. It is the sixth layer of the cornea to be discovered. Despite its thinness, the layer is very strong, and air does not get through it.

WASSCE

The West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) is a type of exam in West Africa. It is made by the West African Examinations Council (WAEC). It is only given to students who live in the five English-speaking West African countries: Nigeria, Ghana, Sierra Leone, The Gambia and Liberia

There are two different types of the exam:

The grades below are given on the WASSCE certificates for the students who finished their exams. They also depend on how well the students did in their exams.

Sergei Prokofiev

Sergei Sergeyevich Prokofiev () (born Sontsovka, Ukraine 23 April 1891; died Moscow 5 March 1953) was a Russian composer and pianist who came from Ukraine. During his lifetime, Ukraine was part of Russia. Together with Dmitri Shostakovich he is one of the greatest Russian composers of the 20th century. Children all over the world love to listen to his musical story "Peter and the Wolf" and the music for "Lieutenant Kije", but he wrote many other great works including symphonies, concertos, piano sonatas, ballets and operas.

Prokofiev was born into an educated family, and his mother recognized very early her son's musical gifts. His father was a college-educated agronomist who managed the farm-site of his employer in the Ukrainian steppe. His mother played the piano reasonably well in her son's opinion. The young Sergei started composing at a very early age. By the time he was eleven he had written two operas and a series of small piano pieces he would later call "little puppies". Soon he was writing music with unusual time signatures and in unusual changes of key.

Prokofiev's formal musical education began when, as a young boy, he started taking lessons from Reinhold Glière. In 1904 he went to study at the Conservatory in St Petersburg. He was a brilliant student, but he often disagreed with the way the professors were teaching. He was bored with the lessons in orchestration from Rimsky-Korsakov and the counterpoint lessons from Liadov although he could have learned more from these great men. His main friends were the composers Nikolai Myaskovsky and Boris Asafiev. He often showed them his latest piano compositions which sounded very modern. Many of St. Petersburg's newspaper critics did not like his music, while others felt he showed great promise and was sure to be a "futurist".

Prokofiev spent the summer of 1909 back at home in the small Russian farming village of Sontsovka in what is now Ukraine where his father was an estate manager. He worked in a way that was to be typical of him all his life: he carefully kept a diary until the middle 1930s, was an excellent chess player and writer, kept making changes to a number of his earlier works. He often borrowed music from one composition and put it in another, or used unfinished works in new compositions.

When he returned to St Petersburg he took piano lessons from a teacher at the St. Petersburg Conservatory called Anna Esipova. She worked hard to discipline him in his playing although he did not appreciate her efforts. He also took conducting lessons from Nikolai Tcherepnin who taught him to like late-Romantic composers such as Scriabin and Debussy. He wrote some music himself in this style, but most of the music he wrote at this time sounded very harsh and dissonant and, although he was becoming quite famous, many people hated it. When he finished his studies at the Conservatoire he won its top prize (the Rubinstein Prize) with his "First Piano Concerto", although the examiners had found it hard to agree and Rimsky-Korsakov said that Prokofiev was "gifted but immature".

Prokofiev travelled to London where he met many famous people including Diaghilev who had a very skilled ballet group called Ballets Russes. The composer Igor Stravinsky had been writing ballet music for Diaghilev’s dancers. Prokofiev particularly loved Stravinsky’s "Rite of Spring" and it influenced his music. He wrote an opera "The Gambler" based on the novel by Brusilov but the singers and the orchestra did not understand his music and refused to perform it. One of the first works of Prokofiev to become known all over the world was his First Symphony known as the "Classical Symphony". He made the music sound like that of composers from the Classical period such as Haydn. This symphony is still very popular today.

In 1917 the Russian Revolution took place. The country was in a chaotic state so Prokofiev went to the United States. After a journey which took four months via the Transsiberian railway, Tokyo and San Francisco, he arrived in New York. His first real success came from his connections with Cyrus McCormik in Chicago. His first major commission was the opera "The Love for Three Oranges" for the Chicago Lyric Opera. It was popular in Chicago but not in New York City where he really wanted to make his reputation. He soon traveled to Paris to see Diagalev again whom he had met earlier in London. His first ballet for him was "Ala and Lolly" which Diagalev did not like and would not perform. This ballet later became Prokofiev's "Scythian Suite". His next ballet was more successful, "The Tale of the Buffoon". He also wrote his "Third Piano Concerto" which is his most popular concerto for piano. Prokofiev lived off and on in Paris for fourteen years, but he often went on tour, performing his works on the piano. In 1928 his "Third Symphony" was first performed, much of which was based on music from his opera " The Fiery Angel" which was never performed completely in his lifetime. In the late-1920s he was invited back to Russia. Although many Soviet people tried to persuade him to stay there he decided to remain in the West where he was starting to have a very successful career. It was not until 1936 that he finally decided to move back to Russia. Life was not easy in the Soviet Union for all types of creative people such as musicians, poets, writers and film makers. Composers were expected to write music which would make ordinary people happy and make them feel proud of their country and of the communist revolution. Any music that did not do this was called “decadent” or “formalist”. Many artists where punished for creating works that did not do what the socialist politicians expected of them. Prokofiev had never been interested in politics, and he thought the politicians would leave him in peace so that he could write the kind of music he liked.

Back in Russia Prokofiev settled in Moscow. He wrote several children’s pieces including "Peter and the Wolf". He was asked to write music for two important jubilees: the 20th anniversary of the Revolution and the centenary of Pushkin’s death. He took great care over this music. Much of what he wrote was to be directed by Meyerhold, but Meyerhold was arrested, later tortured and murdered so the whole project never happened. Some of the music written for the Pushkin centenary was later used in his opera "War and Peace", the "Stone Flower" ballet and Symphonic Waltzes. He also wrote a very large piece called "Cantata for the Twentieth Anniversary of the October Revolution", using words by Marx, Lenin and Stalin for a total of 500 performers. The music included realistic effects such as gun shots, machine-gun fire and sirens. However, many critics said that the music was vulgar, and it was not performed until 1966, long after Prokofiev’s death. He tried to make the soviet authorities pleased by writing a "safe" opera called "I am the Son of the Working People" but the politicians stopped it during its early auditions. The opera was going to be produced by Meyerhold, but again it never happened because Meyerhold was arrested and executed.

The World War II was a time of change for Prokofiev for several reasons. In 1941 his marriage to Lina Llubera came to an end and his new companion Mira Mendelsohn, and later wife, saw him through his last years. Lina was a foreigner and marriage to foreigners was made illegal (forbidden) at that time. In 1948 she was arrested, charged with being a spy, and sent to a labour camp. On the other hand, Mira had lived her entire life within the Soviet system and was much more aware of how to survive in the politacally-charged times. In 1945, shortly after the premier of his Fifth Symphony, he had a stroke which was the beginning of a period of bad health. He spent a lot of time away from Moscow where it was unsafe. The first signs that his health was to be poor occurred in Alma-Ata in 1943 when he had a fainting spell. He was an workaholic and this, plus the pressures placed upon him by the Soviet system, forced him to withdraw from an active social life in Moscow. Prokofiev lived with Mira for the rest of his life. Lina was freed from the labour camp after Stalin’s death. Later she left the Soviet Union and she died in London in 1989.

During the war Prokofiev composed a lot of his best music. He wrote his last piano sonatas as well as working on his operas "Betrothal in a Monestary" after Sherican, and "War and Peace" (based on the novel by Tolstoy) and writing his film music for both Eisenstein’s "Alexander Nevsky" and "Ivan the Terrible" and composing his Fifth Symphony. The first performance of this symphony, given on 13 January 1945, was the last time he conducted in public. He spent the rest of his life in a house in the country to the west of Moscow, although during his last winters he lived in Moscow close to his doctors. Even in these last years he was not to find peace. Stalin’s rule of terror had serious effects on all Soviet artists. In 1948 a committee of the Communist Party spoke out against several Soviet composers including Prokofiev. They said that his music was “formalist” and “alien” to the Soviet people. His opera “War and Peace” was not allowed to be performed because it was neither lyrical nor patriotic enough. The works he wrote in his last years were mostly ones which the politicians officially approved. His last great work of this period is the "Symphony-Concerto" for cello and orchestra which used a lot of music from the unsuccessful "Cello Sonata", and greatly revised with the help of the cellist Mstislav Rostropovich.

Prokofiev died of a brain haemorrhage on 5 March 1953. His death was hardly mentioned in the newspapers because the dictator Josef Stalin died on the same day.

Arab Christians

Arab Christians are people who speak Arabic or of Arabic-speaking origin and have the religion of Christianity.

Most Christian Arabs live in the Middle East, where Islam is the biggest religion. The largest number of Arab Christians are in Egypt (around 8 millions). Many Arabs have emigrated from the Middle East in modern times. In some places such as the Americas, a big number of these Arabs are Christians. In Brazil, there are more than 12 million Arabs, and most of these people are Christian.

Arab Christians faced significant persecution with the Muslim conquests of Christian countries after the death of the Prophet Muhammad. Conversion was often required for those who could not pay a substantial tax known as the 'jizya'. Furthermore, during various periods in the history of the Islamic world, Arab Christians were subject to at times brutal and humiliating persecution. Despite this, many Christians chose not to change their religion to Islam. Instead, they kept Christianity as their belief. Muslims call them the "People of the Book" (with Jews).

In the early 21st century, persecution of Christians area increased. In most countries they are required to obey Islamic "Shari'ah" law. In some countries, notably Egypt, political approval is required for the construction or renovation of a church - such restrictions are not present in the construction of Mosques. Countries in the Arabian Gulf, most notably Saudi Arabia, do not allow for the construction of churches or the public practice of Christianity - although that is slowly changing in progressive areas like the UAE. Coptic Christians in Egypt continue to face significant discrimination in the workplace and have a hard time reaching to the upper echelons in universities, corporations, and government offices.

Arab Christians have been around before Arab Muslims. This is because there were many Arab tribes that became Christians since the first century. They were the Nabateans (whose ancestors were Aramean) and the Ghassanids (who were of Qahtani origin and spoke Yemeni-Arabic and Greek). They protected the south-eastern parts of the Byzantine Empire in north Arabia.

Arab Christians made important contributions to the Arab world, and they still do. Some of the best poem writers at certain times were Arab Christians, and many Arab Christians were doctors, writers, government staff, and people who knew a lot about literature.

Synthesizer

A musical synthesizer is an instrument that uses electricity to make musical sounds. They are the main instrument for making electronic music. Many synthesizers have a keyboard like that of a piano. When playing a piano keyboard, sounds are made by hitting soft hammers against strings pulled very tight. When playing a synthesizer keyboard, sounds are made by turning electrical oscillators on and off. Since "synthesizer" is such a big word, the word is usually shortened to "synth".

An oscillator is something that "vibrates", or repeats the same pattern. The pendulum of a clock, for example, is a very slow oscillator. A piano string "oscillates" when struck by a hammer.

Electric oscillators might be made using transistors. They turn electricity into electrical patterns, or signals, that repeat over and over. When different keys are pressed, different notes are heard. This is done by making the signal from the oscillator repeat at different rates. 

The signal can be boosted in strength and sent straight to a loudspeaker. But the sound of a simple signal can be boring after a while. Sounds can be made more interesting in many ways.


By combining many of these methods, synths can now sound very much like older instruments. For one example, special synths called "drum synths" are used just to make the sounds a drummer might make. Synths can also make many new sounds never heard before.

In the early 2000s, computers got fast enough so "software synths" could be made. These are computer programs designed to look and work like a synth. They tend to be less expensive, so more can be used. Most of these programs can be downloaded for free, however this may be illegal.

There are special tools available to play synths. For example, a thing called a "wind controller" lets players of wind instruments use their special skills. But there is still a need for more ways to control synths to make them more expressive.


John Foxe

John Foxe (1516/1517 – 18 April 1587), is remembered as the author of "Foxe's Book of Martyrs".

Foxe was born in Boston, Lincolnshire, England into a prominent family. In 1535 Foxe was admitted to Magdalen College School. He became a fellow in July 1539.
Foxe resigned from his college in 1545, after referring to it as "a prison." During his time at Oxford he became an evangelical, meaning that he converted to Protestant beliefs not accepted by the Church of England under Henry VIII. As he wanted to leave Oxford, Foxe looked to other evangelicals for help but received only advice and a little money. Foxe married Agnes Randall on February 3, 1547.

With the death of Henry VIII in January 1547 Foxe's prospects (and those of the evangelical cause generally) changed for the better. Foxe was ordained deacon by Nicholas Ridley on June 24, 1550.

In the fall of 1554 Foxe moved to Frankfurt, where he lived with Anthony Gilby in the English colony of Protestant refugees.
Foxe then removed to Basel where he lived and worked with John Bale and Lawrence Humphrey.

In 1559, when Mary I had died Foxe returned to England. He lived for some time at Aldgate, London, in the house of his former pupil, Thomas Howard. Foxe started publishing works of religious controversy and worked on a new martyrology, which would become the "Foxe's Book of Martyrs".
Foxe was ordained priest by Edmund Grindal, now Bishop of London, on January 25, 1560, and he moved to Norwich to live with its bishop, John Parkhurst. On March 23 of the following year the first edition of Foxe's Book of Martyrs was published.

Foxe was one of the earliest students of Anglo-Saxon, and he and Day published an edition of the "Saxon gospels" with the help of Archbishop Parker.

Foxe died on 8 April 1587 and was buried at St. Giles's, Cripplegate.


Evangelicalism

The word evangelicalism refers to a type of Christian belief and practice in conservative Protestant Christianity, although some Catholic Christians would also call themselves evangelicals.

Evangelicals believe in spreading their faith, (evangelism), the need to be converted, also called being born again, believing what is in the Bible and the need to live a moral life both personally and in society. In the past 200 years, people, churches and social movements have often been called "evangelical". This is different from Protestant liberalism although they may share some of the same goals.

Outside the United States, the word evangelical can mean different things. In Europe and Latin America the word evangelical is often used to simply mean Protestant, as different from Roman Catholic religion. Some Christian denominations have the word evangelical as part of their official name. This may indicate that they are more conservative than other denominations with a similar name.

In 2016, there were thought to be about 619 million evangelicals in the world, meaning that one in four Christians would be an evangelical. The United States has many evangelicals. American evangelicals are about one fourth of the nation's population and its largest religious group. There are also many evangelicals in Latin America, Africa, China and Korea. Evangelicals make up most of the Baptist churches, Pentecostals, a portion of Methodists, Presbyterians and other older denominations, and many independent Christian churches that do not belong to any larger group.

Billy Graham was probably the best known evangelical of the last 100 years. He preached all around the world.


940s

The 940s was a decade that started on 1 January 940 and ended on 31 December 949.




























910s

The 910s was a decade that began on 1 January 910 and ended on 31 December 919.


Canopic jar

Canopic jars were used to store the internal organs of a mummy in Ancient Egypt. The lid had the head of a baboon, human, falcon or a jackal—representing the sons of Horus. These jars were used to store organs which were removed from a dead person, these were the stomach, the intestine, the liver and the lungs, because they were thought to be use less in the afterlife.They only did the mummyfication process to important people. The jars were placed in the tombs with the bodies.

Names: imesty the (human), Duamutef (Jackal), Hapi (Baboon), Qebehsenuf (Falcon) .

Fellow

A fellow is a member of a group of learned people who work together at university or other academic institutions. However, there are no precise rules for how the title is used, and each academic institution grants the title as it sees fit. 


Millipede

Millipedes are a very long type of arthropod. Millipedes are segmented. Most have between 20 and over 100 segments, and have flattened bodies. Except for the first few segments, each segment has 2 pairs of legs, as a result of each segment being the fusing (coming together) of two.

So far, about 12,000 different species of millipedes have been described. with 10,000 identified, and there is an estimated 80,000 total species of millipede on Earth. The animals are detrivores, they eat what is left over from plants.

Most of the time, their food is decaying leaves and other dead plant matter. Millipedes are not poisonous, but many species have glands capable of producing irritating fluids that may cause allergic reactions in some individuals. This protects them from being constantly eaten because of their slow movement. Generally, they are not a pest, although young seedlings in greenhouses can be sometimes eaten by these creatures. "Xenobolus carnifex "is known for its common infestation of thatched roofs in India. Several species swarm houses and farms, causing damage.

Some millipedes have fangs that allow them to directly prey on plants.

The primary defense mechanism of millipedes is to roll up into a spiral-shaped circle, protecting their more delicate organs from being hurt by an armor-like skin. Millipedes can secrete liquids that can burn their predators for protection.

Bristly millipedes lack armor-like skin, and instead have bristles (small spiky hairs) that protect them from insects, like detaching a bristle when it goes through the body of an ant.

They can easily be told apart from centipedes because centipedes move faster, have only have one pair of legs per segment, and eat animals instead of just plants, although a very small amount of millipede species are omnivores, feeding on insects, earthworms, or snails.

Scientists who study millipedes are called diplopodologists, and the scientific study (like astronomy or biology) of millipedes is known as diplopodology.

A millipede species," Pneumodesmus newmani," was the first animal species to live constantly on land that lived 428 million years ago.

Millipedes are the most common in temperate, wet deciduous forests, but are also often found in coniferous forests and high-altitude alpine environments, some species live in deserts, and even fewer in caves. Many live under stones, fallen leaves, and in woodpiles, plus other dark damp locations in forests.

Some species of bristly millipedes have been known to live in the common small cracks of tree bark.

Millipedes, due to their herbivore (plant-eating) and, with some species, limited omnivore capabilities, do not bite humans, although some of the defensive liquids that they give out might cause minor irritation and burns on human skin. On the eyes, these can be much worse, and direct exposure can lead to very bad problems.

They also appear in various folklore, remedies, and traditional usages around the world.

Edwy of England

Edwy All-Fair or "Eadwig" (940/941 – 1 October 959) was the King of England from 955 until his death. Edwy was the eldest son of King Edmund I and Saint Elgiva. Edwy was chosen in 955 to succeed his uncle Edred as King.

His short reign as King was marked by conflict. He had problems within his family, the Thanes, and the Roman Catholic Church, under the leadership of Saint Dunstan and Archbishop Odo. Edwy died at the age of eighteen or nineteen, and was succeeded by his rival brother, Edgar, who re-unified the kingdom.

Oda of Canterbury

Saint Oda or Odo, called the Good or the Severe (d. 958) was a 10th century Archbishop of Canterbury in England.

Magdalen College School, Oxford

Magdalen College School is an independent school for boys. It is on the edge of central Oxford, England. It was founded as part of Magdalen College, Oxford by Thomas Becket in 1480

The school was originally founded by William Waynflete to educate the sixteen boy choristers of Magdalen College, Oxford University who sang in the college's chapel. Important Old Waynfletes include William Tyndale, Sam Mendes, Alex Lennox, Tim Hunt, and Ben Goldacre.


Edward V of England

Edward V (2 November 1470 – 1483) was the King of England from 9 April 1483 until he was removed two months later, on 25 June 1483.

He was believed to have been murdered in 1483, possibly in August or September.

Edward was born at Westminster while his father, King Edward IV of England, was in exile in Burgundy. The King, Henry VI, said his mother and his sisters would be safe if they stayed at the abbey. When Edward IV came back and took over the throne again, Edward became his heir and was given the title "Prince of Wales". Edward IV thought it would be right for the Prince of Wales to rule Wales, so he sent little Prince Edward to live in Ludlow Castle, where the Council of Wales met. The prince was helped by his uncle, Anthony Woodville, Earl Rivers, and began to learn how to be a ruler. His mother, Queen Elizabeth, was often with him, and his father, the king, also visited.

The prince spent most of his time at Ludlow until he was twelve, when his father the king suddenly died. The prince had to go straight to London to take the throne, and his uncle, Earl Rivers, went with him. On the way, they were met by another of his uncles, Richard, Duke of Gloucester. The Duke was a younger brother of King Edward IV, and the king had given him the title of "Lord Protector" in the hope that he would look after Prince Edward until he was old enough to be the real king.

Instead of arranging a coronation for the new king, Duke Richard decided to take the throne for himself, and became King Richard III. He sent Prince Edward to live in the Tower of London and wait for his coronation. He also got Edward's younger brother, Prince Richard, Duke of York, to come and live at the Tower. Earl Rivers was executed by Richard. Gloucester was able to convince people that the two young princes were not the legal heirs to the throne. On 25 June 1483, the Parliament said that Richard, Duke of Gloucester, was the legal king. 
This was because Edward and his other brothers and sisters was declared illegitimate. After Edward IV had died, it was revealed that he had been engaged to a woman named Eleanor Butler, so Edward IV's marriage to Elizabeth Woodville was seen as bigamy.

After a few months, the two boys disappeared, and what happened to them is still a mystery today. Most people think that the two boys were murdered. They became known as the Princes in the Tower. It is most likely they were killed by their uncle, Richard III. It is also possible that they were killed by Henry VII, who became king two years later.

In 1674, during building work at the Tower, a wooden chest was found under a staircase in the White Tower. It contained the bones of two young boys. It has never been proved that these are the missing princes, but King Charles II stated that they were, and had the bones buried in Westminster Abbey. In 1933 the bones were looked at again by scientists who believed that they were the two princes.

Lincolnshire

Lincolnshire ( or ; abbreviated Lincs) is a county in the east of England. It borders Norfolk, Cambridgeshire, Rutland, Leicestershire, Nottinghamshire, South Yorkshire, the East Riding of Yorkshire, and (for just 19 metres or 20 yards, England's shortest county boundary) Northamptonshire. Its county town is the ancient city of Lincoln.



Norfolk

Norfolk is a low-lying county in East Anglia in the east of southern England. It has borders with Lincolnshire to the west, Cambridgeshire to the west and southwest and with Suffolk to the south. Its northern and eastern boundaries are the North Sea coast, including The Wash. The county town is Norwich. Norfolk is home to the Norfolk Broads, a famous tourist and wildlife spot.



ISO 3166-2

ISO 3166-2 is part of the ISO 3166 standard. It was made by the International Organization for Standardization. For each country listed in ISO 3166-1, ISO 3166-2 defines its provinces with two or three letter codes, or numbers.

Below is a full table of the ISO 3166-2 codes for each country, with three columns:

Leicestershire

Leicestershire (abbreviated Leics) is a county in central England. It takes its name from the heavily populated City of Leicester, its traditional administrative centre, although the City of Leicester is today administered separately from the rest of Leicestershire. The county borders onto Lincolnshire, Rutland, Northamptonshire, Warwickshire, Staffordshire, Derbyshire, and Nottinghamshire.

Leicestershire was recorded in the Domesday Book.


Northamptonshire

Northamptonshire (abbreviated Northants or N'hants) is a county in central England with a population of 629,676 (2001 census). It has borders with Warwickshire, Leicestershire, Rutland, Cambridgeshire, Peterborough, Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire (including the Borough of Milton Keynes), Oxfordshire, and Lincolnshire (England's shortest county boundary: 19 metres). The county town is Northampton.

Northamptonshire has often been called the county of "squires and spires" due to its wide variety of historic buildings and country houses.

Northampton is by far the largest town in the county, with a population of 194,122. This is followed by Corby (53,174), Wellingborough (48,428), Kettering (47,000), Rushden (25,849) and Daventry (22,367). Most of the county's population is concentrated in a central north-south.

Cherwell Edge in Northamptonshire () is near the River Cherwell, north-west of Banbury, England. The once heavily wooded hill and valley was mostly cleared many years ago. The area now also covers the nearby Cherwell Edge Golf Club that was recently built by it too. The golf club is used by various local residents.

These are the main settlements in Northamptonshire with a town charter, a population over 5,000, or otherwise notable.

Two major canals - the Oxford and the Grand Union — join in the county at Braunston.
A branch of the Grand Union Canal connects to the River Nene in Northampton.
Two trunk railway routes, the West Coast Main Line and the Midland Main Line traverse the county.
Before nationalisation of the railways in 1948 and the creation of British Railways, Northamptonshire was home to three of the "Big Four" railway companies; the London, Midland and Scottish Railway, London and North Eastern Railway and Great Western Railway. Only the Southern Railway was not represented.



Earl

An Earl (or Jarl) was a title for nobility used by Anglo-Saxons and Scandinavians. It originally meant "chieftain" and it referred especially to chieftains set to rule a territory in a king's stead. In Scandinavia, it stopped being used in the Middle Ages, whereas, in Britain, it became synonymous with the continental count.
In Anglo-Saxon times the title was similar to that of Ealdorman.

Today, an earl is a member of the British peerage, and is below a Marquess, but above a Viscount. A British Earl is the same as a continental Count. Since there is no feminine form of Earl, the wife of an Earl has the rank of Countess (the continental equivalent).

Lobster

Lobsters are large crustaceans that live in the sea. They form the family of Nephropidae, which is sometimes also called Homaridae. People make a lot of money from catching lobsters and selling them to make seafood.

Lots of different kinds of animals that live in the sea are called lobsters. When people talk about lobsters, most of the time they mean "clawed lobsters". One kind of clawed lobster is the American lobster. Lots of animals that we call lobsters are not actually "clawed lobsters". Squat lobsters, spiny lobsters or slipper lobsters, are all different kinds of animal. Some kinds of crayfish which live in fresh water and reef lobsters are very similar to "clawed lobsters".

Smaller kinds of lobsters are sometimes called "lobsterettes". Lobsters have bones. They have hard shells which protect them. This hard shell is made from a material called chitin. The shell is so hard that lobsters must climb out of them before they can grow bigger. This is called "moulting". When lobsters moult they are weak and easy to attack. If they hide for long enough they will grow a new hard shell and the lobster will be bigger. Some lobsters change color when they grow a new shell. Lobsters can grow new parts of their body when they lose them. Every time they moult the body part will get a little bit bigger and stronger until it is back to normal.

Lobsters live in the sea between the shore and the edge of the continental shelf. They live underwater on rocky, sandy, or muddy ground. They usually live alone in cracks or under rocks.

Lobsters usually eat live food like fish, molluscs, other crustaceans, worms, and some plants. Lobsters sometimes scavenge (eat dead plants and animals). Lobsters also eat other lobsters (cannibalism) when they are put together in small spaces where they cannot get out. Lobsters do not usually eat other lobsters in the oceans. People have found lobster skin in the stomachs of some lobsters. This is because lobsters eat the skin they shed when they moult. Lobsters grow all their lives. Some lobsters live for over 100 years, and some become very big. The Guinness World Records says that the largest lobster was from Nova Scotia, Canada and weighed 20.14 kg (44.4 lb).

Lobsters are usually the same on the left and right sides. Lobsters have claws on their front legs, and one claw can be bigger than the other. One reason they are different sizes is because they do different jobs. Big strong claws can grab food, and little sharp claws can cut the food up so they can eat it. When a fisherman catches a lobster, they like to keep them if the claws are big. People like to eat lobsters with big claws because there is more good tasting meat in them. The head end of the lobster is called the cephalon. The middle part of the lobster is called the thorax. These parts of a lobster are stuck together and can not move, so we put the words together and call them both the cephalothorax. The bottom end of the lobster is called the abdomen, where the tail is. At the end of the tail is a fan. Lobsters have long thin body parts called antennae under their eyes which they can move around. Lobsters use these to feel what is near them, and they also help them find food. Lobsters have eyes but they cannot see very well. Lobsters have three pairs of jaws. All legs of a lobster have claws apart from the ones at the back. Only the front two legs have big claws. The little claws on the other legs help pick up food they find and put them in the jaws so the lobster can eat.

Lobsters usually move slowly by walking on the bottom of the sea floor. When they are in danger and need to escape, they swim backwards quickly by bending their tail down and up. The fan on the tail helps them to swim faster. Lobsters can move at a speed of 5 metres every second when they do this.


Spiny lobster

Spiny lobsters, also known as rock lobsters are a family (Palinuridae) of about 45 species of crustaceans, in the Decapoda Reptantia. Spiny lobsters are also called "crayfish", "sea crayfish" or "crawfish".

Although they superficially resemble true lobsters in terms of overall shape, and that they also have a hard carapace and exoskeleton, the two groups are not closely related. Spiny lobsters can be easily distinguished from true lobsters by their very long, thick, spiny antennae, and by their complete lack of claws ("chelae"); true lobsters have much smaller antennae and claws on the first three pairs of legs, with the first being particularly enlarged. Like true lobsters, however, spiny lobsters are edible and are an economically significant food source; they are the biggest food export of the Bahamas .

Spiny lobsters are found in almost all warm seas, including the Caribbean and the Mediterranean Sea, but are particularly common in Australasia, where they are referred to commonly as crayfish or sea crayfish ("Jasus novaehollandiae" and "Jasus edwardsii"), and South Africa ("Jasus lalandii"). A new species, "Palinurus barbarae" was described in 2006.

The largest spiny lobster on record was over 1 m (3 ft) long and weighed over 11.8 kg (26 lb).

Spiny lobsters tend to live in crevices of rocks and coral reefs, only occasionally venturing out at night to seek snails, clams, crabs, sea urchins or carrion to eat. Sometimes, they migrate "en masse", in long files of lobsters across the sea floor. Potential predators may be deterred from eating spiny lobsters by a loud screech made by the antennae of the spiny lobsters rubbing against a smooth part of the exoskeleton . Spiny lobsters usually exhibit social habit by being together. However recent studies indicate that healthy lobsters move away from infected ones and leaving the diseased lobsters to fend for itself .

The furry lobsters ("e.g." "Palinurellus") are sometimes separated into a family of their own, the Synaxidae, but are usually considered members of the Palinuridae. The slipper lobsters (Scyllaridae) are their next closest relatives, and these two or three families make up the Achelata. Genera of spiny lobsters include "Palinurus" and a number of anagrams thereof: "Panulirus", "Linuparus", "etc." (Palinurus was also a helmsman in Virgil's Æneid.)


Bromeliad

Bromeliads are a family of tropical plants which includes the pineapple and several colourful houseplants. They are nearly all from Latin America and the Caribbean islands, except for Spanish moss from the southern United States, and a single kind from Africa.

Pineapples (Latin name: "Ananas"). See Pineapple.

Air plants (Latin name: "Tillandsia") are very curious because they do not need any roots to stay alive. Instead they soak up moisture from the air around them through tiny, silvery scales on their leaves. They have so many of these scales that the whole plant can look grey. In the wild they grow on tree banches in rainy and misty areas. In the Caribbean there is a kind that grows on telephone wires!

Urn plants (Latin name: "Aechmea") are easy to keep. They grow to about 60 cm across, but because the stiff, green-and-grey leaves have spiny edges, they need to be out of the way. Urn plants got their name because they have a hole in the middle made by the ring-shaped arrangement of their leaves. This central urn fills up with rainwater in the wild and is often home to insects and frogs. Its flowers are held high on a single stem, and protected by a globe of small, pink leaves which lasts for several months.

Vriesias (Latin names: "Vriesia" and "Guzmania") are like urn plants, but they have no spines and their leaves are softer. They are often sold in flower shops (and sometimes in supermarkets) and are very easy to look after. Their flowers grow on a single stem, protected by flattened, colourful leaves. It is better not to fill the central space with water, as these soft-leaved plants might rot. instead their soil should be watered.

Spanish moss (Latin name: "Tillandsia usneoides") is a grey plant found hanging from trees in the swamps of the southern United States, especially in Louisiana but as far east as coastal Virginia. To the south it spreads as far as Chile and Argentina. It gained its current name from Spanish and French colonisers in the Gulf of Mexico. The French called it "Barbe Espagnole" ("Spanish beard") to insult their rivals, and the Spanish in turn called it "Cabello francés" ("French hair"). Today "Spanish moss" survives as a mild version of the French taunt, although some call the plant "Graybeard".

Bromelia, the plant which gives its name to the family, is the only other bromeliad with edible fruit. Its berries taste a bit like pineapple, but are less tasty, and there are not very many on each plant.

Fascicularia is the only bromeliad that can be grown in frosty areas. It is not killed by frost if it is kept dry in the winter.

Pitcairnia is the only wild bromeliad outside the Americas. One species, "Pitcairnia feliciana", was discoved living in West Africa. It is probably descended from seeds carried by migrating birds.

Puya is the largest bromeliad. It can grow up to nine metres tall. It lives in the Andes mountains, and is sometimes eaten by bears for its nectar. In Chile the young leaves of some puyas are eaten in salads.

Eucalyptus

Eucalyptus is a genus of trees. Eucalypt is also the common name for seven similar plants from the tribe Eucalypteae, all from Australasia. They are "Eucalyptus", "Corymbia", "Angophora", "Stockwellia", "Allosyncarpia", "Eucalyptopsis" and "Arillastrum".

There are over 699 species of eucalyptus, and almost all of them are in Australia. Eucalyptus can be found in almost every part of the Australia, and they are adapted to many different habitats. Their distribution has an implication: they must have evolved after Australia lost contact with the rest of Gondwana. Apart from the island of New Guinea, which is historically connected to Australia, and the Philippines, and a couple of small islands, the eucalypts are not naturally found in any other countries.

Many species are known as gum trees because they put out lots of sap from any break in the bark.
Eucalypts have many local names, like 'gum trees', 'mallee', 'box', 'ironbark', 'stringybark' and 'ash'.

Eucalypts have special flowers and fruits that no other trees have. When it flowers a bud cap made of petals grows around the flower until it is ready to open. Then the bud cap falls off to reveal a flower with no petals.

The woody fruits are called gumnuts. They are roughly cone-shaped and open at one end to release the seeds.
Nearly all eucalypts are evergreen but some tropical species lose their leaves at the end of the dry season. The leaves are covered with oil glands. These oils are often used to treat coughs and colds.

Many eucalypts change the shape of their leaves as they get older. Young eucalypts have round leaves. When one to a few years old, the leaves of most kinds become longer and spearhead or sickle-shaped. A few species keep the round leaf shape all their lives. Most species do not flower until the adult leaves starts to appear.

The bark dies every year. In smooth-barked trees most of the bark falls off the tree, leaving a smooth surface that is often colourfully marked. With rough-barked trees the dead bark stays on the tree and dries out. Many kinds of eucalyptus trees have smooth bark at the top but rough bark lower down. These different kinds of bark are used to arrange the eucalypts into groups – this is useful because there are hundreds of kinds of eucalypts, and breaking down the group in this way makes the group easier to understand.
The different groups are:

Today, specimens of the Australian Mountain Ash are among the tallest trees in the world. They grow at up to 92 metres in height, and are the tallest of all flowering plants: taller trees such as the coast redwood are all conifers. There is evidence that at the time of European settlement of Australia some Mountain Ash were indeed the tallest plants in the world.

Most eucalypts cannot survive frost, or can only stand light frosts down to 3 °C to 5 °C. The hardiest eucalypts are the so-called "snow gums" such as "Eucalyptus pauciflora" which can stand cold and frost down to about 20 °C. Two sub-species (wild varieties) of this tree can survive even colder winters.

Several other kinds, especially from the high plateau and mountains of central Tasmania, have produced extreme cold-hardy forms. It is seed from these hardy strains that are planted for ornamental trees in colder parts of the world.

An oil found in eucalyptus leaves is a strong, natural disinfectant, which is used in some medicines, but can be poisonous if too much is taken. Several marsupials, such as koalas and some possums, are partly resistant to it. These animals can tell which plants are safe to eat by their smell.

Eucalypts make a lot of nectar, which is food for many insects.

Eucalypts have a habit of dropping entire branches off as they grow. Eucalyptus forests are littered with dead branches. The Australian Ghost Gum "Eucalyptus papuana" is sometimes called the "widow maker", due to the high number of tree-felling workers who were killed by falling branches. Many deaths were actually caused by simply camping under them, as the trees shed whole and very large branches to save water during droughts. For this reason, you should "never" camp under large eucalyptus branches.

On warm days eucalyptus oil vapour rises above the bush to create the well-known distant blue haze of the Australian landscape. Eucalyptus oil catches fire very easily, and bush fires can travel quickly through the oil-rich air of the tree crowns. The dead bark and fallen branches are also flammable. Eucalypts are well adapted for periodic fires – in fact most species are dependent on them for spread and regeneration. They do this in several ways: by sprouting from underground tubers, hidden buds under their bark and from seeds sprouting in the ashes after the fire has opened them.

Eucalypts began between 35 and 50 million years ago, not long after Australia and New Guinea separated from the rest of Gondwana. Their coming coincides with an increase in fossil charcoal deposits (which might mean that fire was important to them even then). They stayed a minor component of the rainforest until about 20 million years ago, when the gradual drying of the continent and lessening of soil richness led to the growth of a more open forest type, with mainly "Casuarina" and "Acacia" trees. With the arrival of the first humans about 50 thousand years ago, fires became much more frequent and the fire-loving eucalypts soon came to account for roughly 70% of Australian forest.

Eucalypts grow back quickly after fire.
The two valuable timber trees, Alpine Ash and Mountain Ash, are killed by fire and only grow back from seeds. The same fire which had little impact on forests around Canberra resulted in thousands of hectares of dead forests elsewhere.

Eucalyptus have many uses which have made them important. Because of their fast growth, the main benefit of these trees is the wood. They provide many uses, such as planting in parks and gardens, timber, firewood and pulpwood. Fast growth also makes eucalypts suitable as windbreaks.

Eucalypts draw a very large amount of water from the soil. They have been planted (or re-planted) in some places to lower the water table and reduce the amount of salt in the soil. Eucalypts have also been used as a way of reducing malaria by draining the soil in such places as Algeria, Sicily mainland Europe and California. Drainage removes swamps which provide a habitat for mosquito larvae, but such drainage can also destroy harmless habitats by accident.

Eucalyptus oil is refined from the leaves by steaming. It can be used for cleaning, deodorising, and in very small amounts in food supplements, especially sweets, cough drops and decongestants. Eucalyptus oil is an insect repellent (Fradin & Day 2002).

The nectar of some eucalyptus produces high quality honey. In the western United States the flowering is in late January, before the flowering of other nut and fruit trees; this means that its nectar can be easily made into its own kind of honey, which is said to have a buttery taste.

The ghost gum's leaves were used by Aborigines to catch fish. Soaking the leaves in water releases a mild tranquiliser which stuns fish, making them easy to catch.

Eucalyptus is also used to make the digeridoo, a musical wind instrument made popular by the Aborigines.

Eucalypts were first introduced to the rest of the world by Sir Joseph Banks, botanist on the Cook expedition in 1770. They have since been introduced to many parts of the world. Several species have become invasive (spreading out of the area they were planted in) and may cause problems for local wildlife.

In Spain, they have been planted in pulpwood plantations, replacing native oak woodland. As in other such areas, while the original woodland supports kinds of native animal life, the eucalypt groves cannot support the local wildlife, leading to silent forests and the decline of wildlife populations. On the other hand, eucalypts help several industries, such as sawmilling, pulp, and charcoal making.

In the 1850s many Australians travelled to California to take part in the California Gold Rush. Much of California has similar climate to parts of Australia, and some people had the idea of introducing eucalypts. By the early 1900s thousands of hectares of eucalypts were planted with the encouragement of the state government. It was hoped that they would provide a renewable source of timber for construction and furniture making. However this did not happen partly because the trees were cut when they were too young and partly because the Americans did not know how to process the cut trees to prevent the wood from twisting and splitting.

One way in which the eucalypts, mainly the blue gum, proved valuable in California was in providing windbreaks for highways, orange groves, and other farms in the mostly treeless central part of the state. They are also admired as shade and ornamental trees in many cities and gardens.

"Eucalyptus" forests in California have been criticized because they drive out the native plants and do not support native animals. Fire is also a problem. The 1991 Oakland Hills firestorm which destroyed almost 3,000 homes and killed 25 people was partly fuelled by large numbers of eucalyptus in the area close to the houses.

In some parts of California eucalypt forests are being removed, and native trees and plants restored. Some people have also illegally destroyed some trees and are suspected of bringing in insect pests from Australia which attack the trees.

In 1910 eucalypts were introduced to Brazil for timber substitution and the charcoal industry. Regrettably the long term effects were not studied, and in the present the eucalyptus is causing problems because of its high consumption of water. This causes the soil to dry out, killing many local plants which the local animals need to survive.



Cell theory

Cell theory is the historic scientific theory, now accepted by everyone, that living organisms are made up of cells. Cells are the basic unit of structure in all organisms and the basic unit of reproduction. 

With many improvements made to microscopes over time, magnification technology advanced enough to discover cells in the 17th century. This discovery was made by Robert Hooke and began cell biology, the scientific study of cells. Cell theory was eventually made in 1838. This is usually credited to Matthias Schleiden and Theodor Schwann.

Silicone

Silicones () are polymers that include any inert, synthetic compound made up of repeating units of siloxane. This is a functional group of two silicon atoms and one oxygen atom frequently combined with carbon and/ or hydrogen. They are typically heat-resistant and rubber-like. Silicones are used in sealants, adhesives, lubricants, medicine, cooking utensils, and thermal and electrical insulation. Some common forms include silicone oil, silicone grease, silicone rubber, silicone resin, and silicone caulk. Silicone is also used for cosmetics. Silicone has very little to do with the element silicon ().

Oxfordshire

Oxfordshire (short Oxon, from the Latinised form "Oxonia") is a county in the South East of England, bordering on Northamptonshire, Buckinghamshire, Berkshire, Wiltshire, Gloucestershire, and Warwickshire.

It is divided into five local government districts: Oxford, Cherwell, Vale of the White Horse (after the "Uffington White Horse"), "West Oxfordshire" and "South Oxfordshire".

The county has a major tourism industry. The area is known for the concentration of motorsport companies and facilities. Oxford University Press has headed a concentration of print and publishing firms; the university is also linked to the concentration of local biotechnology companies.

The main centre of population is the city of Oxford. Other significant settlements are Bicester, Banbury, and Chipping Norton to the north of Oxford; Witney to the west; Thame and Chinnor to the east; and Abingdon, Wantage, Didcot and Henley-on-Thames to the south. Future population growth in the county is hoped to be concentrated around Banbury, Bicester, Didcot and Witney, near the South Midlands growth area.

The highest point of the county is Whitehorse Hill, in the Vale of White Horse, reaching 856 feet (261m).

The county of Oxfordshire was formed in the early years of the 10th century.

Historically the area has always had some importance, it has been good agricultural land resting between the main southern cities and Oxford (whose name came from Anglo-Saxon "Oxenaford" = "ford for oxen"). The area was part of the Cotswolds wool trade from the 13th century. The Great Western Railway reached Didcot in 1839. Morris Motors was founded in Oxford in 1912 and MG in Abingdon in 1929. The importance of agriculture as an employer has gone down in the 20th century; today less than one percent of the county's population are involved.

The Vale of the White Horse and parts of South Oxfordshire south of the River Thames were historically part of Berkshire, but were added to the administrative county in 1974.





Minnie Mouse

Minnie Mouse is an American cartoon character. She is Mickey Mouse's significant other. They were both created by Walt Disney. Her birthday is on 18th November 1928. She only first appeared in 1928, in “Plane Crazy”. She is also known as Princess Minnie and Maestro Minnie. Minnie's favorite foods are cheese, chocolate and cake. She loves listening to jazz music, cooking, baking, shopping and makeup.

She was voiced by Walt Disney from 1928 to 1929, then by Marcelite Garner, and then voiced by Russi Taylor.

Minnie Mouse’s parents are unknown, but Marcus Mouse may be her father’s name. His name was first used in the comic strip story “Mr. Slicker and the Egg Robbers” (published 22 September — 26 December, 1930). The same story featured photographs of Minnie's uncle Milton Mouse with his family and her grandparents Marvel Mouse and Matilda Mouse. She also has an uncle named Mortimer Mouse and twin nieces, Millie and Melody Mouse.

Minnie Mouse has two pets, a dog and a cat. The dog is called Fifi. Fifi has 5 puppies with Mickey’s dog, Pluto. Pluto was Mickey’s first dog; he was called Rover at that time. She also has a cat called Figaro. This is the same cat which appears in the Disney movie Pinocchio. It has been recently discovered that she has adopted two new pets, a lizard and a snake, their names are Lolly and Pop, respectively. This is due to her sudden fascination with reptiles.

Walt Disney said in a interview in 1933 that in private Mickey and Minnie are married. He also said that many people asked him about this. Depending on the movie, Minnie and Mickey are married or sometimes not married. They also, at least in public, have no children yet.

From 19th January 1942 to 2nd May 1942 there was a comic magazine called “The Gleam”. In this magazine once it said that Minnie’s real name was Minerva Mouse. But the Walt Disney head office said that there is no register about her real name as Minerva. There is not much information about Minerva, but she is similar to Minnie’s character. Therefore, many people misunderstood that Minerva was Minnie’s real name. Formally Minnie’s name is only registered as “Minnie Mouse”.
However some sources say that Minerva is Minnie’s real name, and that Minnie’s full name is Minerva “Minnie” Mouse.
More likely is that Minnie's original name was the German/Dutch Wilhelmina, which is about the only name for which Minnie is the "official" abbreviation (http://www.thinkbabynames.com/meaning/0/Minnie ). Possibly, this fact was suppressed during the 1930s, as Germany became more unpopular due to its political and racial leanings.

In episode 14 of season 4 of the series Mickey Mouse, which began airing on the Disney Channel in June 2013, Mickey addresses Minnie as "Minifred" (a pun on the name "Winifred"), but this is non-canon.

It seems that Minnie’s closest friends are Daisy Duck, Donald Duck’s girlfriend, and also sometimes Clarabelle Cow. She often goes shopping with Daisy and she spends a lot of time with her. Her friendship with Daisy is more of a product of recent cartoons, as they never interacted with each other during the classic shorts. Minnie also has another friend called Honor the Hippo and they keep their secrets in bits of moss on the pavement. Minnie's other friend Carly the Cat has a middle parting in her long hair.

Notostraca

The order Notostraca has just two living genera in it. "Triops" and "Lepidura". The two genera are considered 'living fossils', as they have not changed in outward form since the Triassic.

Notostracans, or tadpole shrimps, are omnivores living on the bottom of temporary pools and shallow lakes. They live in pools of water on every continent except Antarctica. They grow very quickly, and can reach adulthood in a week. "Triops" only live for a short time; a record-breaking female only lived to be 100 "days". When their pools dry up,adult tadpole shrimp die. Their eggs, however, stop developing for a time. When they are in water again, they come to life, and new "Triops" are hatched. This is because of a state known as diapause, where eggs can lie dormant for up to twenty years before hatching again.

The fossil record of Notostraca is extensive. They occur in a wide range of geological deposits, reaching back to the Carboniferous. The lack of major morphological change since 250 million years ago has led to Notostraca being described as living fossils.

The Notostraca abandoned filter feeding in open water, and took up a benthic lifestyle in muddy waters, taking up food from particles of sediment and preying on small animals.

Notostracans keep the ancient condition of having two separate compound eyes. These touch but do not become united, as does happens in other groups of Branchiopods.

Porphyria

Porphyria is the name for certain medical conditions or diseases, which have been known since the days of Hippocrates. Those who suffer from the disease can not make certain substances in the blood. They have disorders of certain enzymes which normally work in the production of porphyrins and heme. 

The condition is usually caused by a genetic deficiency, but chemicals which affect metabolism may also cause it. Arsenic is an example. It can be triggered by various drugs or by some environmental conditions. The disease causes skin problems, or some diseases of the nervous system, or both. Severe pain is often present. Drugs are available that can at least treat the symptoms. This disease is most common in European countries and often affects the skin. When someone is affected by porphyria they will start to lose their hair about two weeks after having an attack. There is no cure for the hair loss. However, there is medication available to help prevent attacks.

Diatom

Diatoms are tiny eukaryotic algae. They are a common type of phytoplankton. Most are single cells, but some form chains or simple colonies. 

Diatom cells have a unique cell wall made of silica (SiO). These walls (called "frustules") take many forms, some quite beautiful and ornate. They usually have two asymmetrical sides with a split between them (hence "diatom").

They are one of two great groups of single-celled organisms in the sea. The other is the coccoliths. Since diatoms are made of silica, and coccoliths are made of calcium carbonate, they do not grow in the same places in the sea. This was first discovered by T.H. Huxley in his voyage on "HMS Rattlesnake", 18461850. Diatoms are also found in some soils and in some waterways on land.

Living diatoms make about 20 to 50 percent of the oxygen produced on the planet each year. They take in over 6.7 billion metric tons of silicon each year from the waters in which they live.

Diatom chloroplasts were probably derived from those of red algae. The fossil record of diatoms starts in strata of the Lower Jurassic, ~185 million years ago. Molecular clock evidence suggests an earlier date for their origin. The entire genomes of two species of diatom have been analysed. The analysis reveals that hundreds of genes in both species came from bacteria.

Diatoms have some practical uses. Diatom communities are a popular tool for monitoring environmental conditions, past and present. They are commonly used in studies of water quality. They are also of interest to nanotechnology.

Decapitation

Decapitation or beheading is the act of cutting off the head from the rest of the body of a living thing. "Beheading" usually means that the removal of the head is deliberate. It is generally done during an execution with an axe, sword, or guillotine. If the removal of the head is an accident or unintentional, it is called "decapitation". It can happen because of an auto accident, explosion, factory accident, a mistake during a hanging or some other violent accident.

Decapitation is always fatal, that is, the result is always death. This is because it causes all other organs to stop receiving nervous signals from the brain that are needed to function, while the supply of blood, and therefore oxygen, to the brain itself is also cut off.

Decapitation can also describe the removal of a head from a body that is already dead. In these situations, the head is usually a trophy or a public display of warning.

Beheading was the usual means of death penalty in Scandinavian countries in the past. Noblemen were beheaded with a sword, commoners with an axe. The last execution by beheading in Finland occurred in 1822, when a farmhand Tahvo Putkonen was beheaded for murder. The last beheading in Sweden occurred in 1910, when Johan Andersson-Ander was guillotined for murder. Also Germany, France and Belgium favoured beheading in the past. In those countries was carried out by guillotine.

Last beheading in Europe occurred 1977, when a Tunisian murderer Hamida Djandoubi was guillotined in France. 

Some countries, especially Arab countries or former French colonies, still use beheading as the means of execution. In Saudi Arabia, the convicts are beheaded with a sword.

The executioner who performs beheadings is called a headsman.

The kingdom of Saudi Arabia has had centuries of public beheadings, but in 2013 is considering firing squads as an alternative means of execution.










Dmitri Mendeleev

Dmitri Ivanovich Mendeleev (born 8 February (O.S. 27 January) 1834 near Tobolsk – 2 February (O.S. 20 January 20) 1907 in Saint Petersburg) was a Russian chemist who created the periodic table of elements. Many of the predictions made in his periodic table (such as the properties of elements undiscovered at the time) were later proved correct by experiments. Chemical element 101 was named Mendelevium.

Mendeleev was born in the village of Verkhnie Aremzyani, near Tobolsk in Siberia,to Ivan Pavlovich Mendeleev and Maria Dmitrievna Mendeleeva (née Kornilieva). His grandfather was Pavel Maximovich Sokolov, a priest of Russian Orthodox Church from the Tver region. Ivan, with his brothers and sisters, got new family names while attending theological seminary. Later in life, he invented the periodic table of elements in the year 1861,

Mendeleev is thought to be the youngest of 14 siblings, but the exact number differs between sources. At the age of 13, after the death of his father and the destruction of his mother's factory by fire, Mendeleev attended the Gymnasium in Tobolsk.

In 1849, the now poor Mendeleev family went to Saint Petersburg, where he entered the Main Pedagogical Institute in 1850. After graduation, tuberculosis caused him to move to the Crimean Peninsula on the northern coast of the Black Sea in 1855. While there he became a science master of the Simferopol gymnasium №1. He returned with fully restored health to Saint Petersburg in 1857.

Others in the 1860s suggested that elements group together. For example, John Newlands, published his Law of Octaves in 1865. The lack of spaces for undiscovered elements and the placing of two elements in one box were criticized and his ideas were not accepted. Another was Lothar Meyer, who published a work in 1864, describing 28 elements. Neither attempted to predict new elements. In 1863 there were 56 known elements with a new element being discovered at a rate of approximately one each year.

Mendeleev made other important contributions to chemistry. The Russian chemist and science historian L.A. Tchugayev called him "a chemist of genius, first-class physicist, a fruitful researcher in the fields of hydrodynamics, meteorology, geology, certain branches of chemical technology (explosives, petroleum, and fuels, for example) and other disciplines adjacent to chemistry and physics, a thorough expert of chemical industry and industry in general, and an original thinker in the field of economy". Mendeleev was one of the founders, in 1869, of the Russian Chemical Society. He worked on the theory and practice of protectionist trade and on agriculture.

Wakizashi

The wakizashi is a traditional Japanese sword. It is shorter than the katana, which was well known in the beginning of the 17th century as a "kodachi" sword. The two swords were always carried together: the wakizashi finished off the work of the katana sword. Such a sword could be from 30cm to 60cm (12 to 24 inches) long. A small version was called a "ko-wakizashi", a longer one was called an "o-wakizashi". The wakizashi has a handle made of stingray skin and the blade is made from the finest metal and stone.

A wakizashi had a slightly curved blade with a square-shaped hilt (handle). The hilt and the scabbard (the case in which the sword is kept) of a wakizashi was richly decorated with traditional motifs. A wakizashi was more decorated than a katana because it was not used as much as a katana, but still carried everywhere. Another distinctive feature is the scabbard (called a "saya"). The sayas were made to be like the katana but they could have extra pockets for smaller knives, a hair arranger, etc. 

The katana and the wakizashi together are called a daishō, which is translated as "large and small". The first part of the word ("dai") means "big" and stands for the katana sword; the second ("sho") stands for wakizashi. Wakizashi was more decorated than a katana and it was thinner, this is why it was designed to cut through softer targets. So it was a sword to make dangerous cuts in weak points of the human body. The use of a daishō on the battlefield gave its user a big advantage. With the two swords the samurai could keep the enemies within a radius of action ranging from 2 to 7 feet (1 to 3 1/2 meters). Miyamoto Musashi, a famous Japanese samurai, was especially skilful at using the daishō.

A wakizashi sword was an irreplaceable weapon for a samurai. The tradition says that when entering a house or any other building, the samurai has to leave his katana with a servant, but the wakizashi could be worn at all times and places. This is why the wakizashi is often called the samurai's "side arm". The wakizashi followed his master even when he went to sleep, because it was always near the bed. 

The wakizashi was carried along the thigh and was usually used with one hand; the other hand was used for the katana. The wakizashi proved to be very effective when the katana's length and weight made it hard to use. The wakizashi needs less force to use and it is more maneuverable. 

The wakizashi was also the sword used by merchants and artisans (types of traders) who were forbidden from wearing a katana. This fact explains a greater number wakizashi swords were found than katanas. There are even more wakizashi swords than katana swords, although the katana swords had greater meaning for Japanese society. 

The wakizashi sword was much used in the ritual of seppuku (suicide because of lost honor). In this ritual it was used along with the shortest Japanese sword - Tanto. The wakizashi was thrust into the torso (body), cutting open vertically. This kind of death was considered honorable for a samurai. When a female samurai committed seppuku she would only cut her own throat.


Albert Camus

Albert Camus (7 November 1913 – 4 January 1960) was a French philosopher and writer. Camus wrote novels and plays. Camus was born in Algeria, a country in North Africa. He had French parents. Camus was an existentialist philosopher. Existentialism is a philosophy that is very different from other ways of thinking. Camus won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1957.

He was the second-youngest recipient of the Nobel Prize in Literature, after Rudyard Kipling, and the first African-born writer to receive the award. He is the shortest-lived of any Nobel literature laureate to date, having died in an automobile accident just over two years after receiving the award.

Albert Camus was born in Algeria to a poor working-class family. His mother was Spanish and his father was French. His father died in battle and he was left to live with his grandmother. When he was 17 he was diagnosed with tuberculosis, which was very impactful on him at that point in his life. It limited him greatly in his athletics as well as in his career opportunities, due to the fact that tuberculosis is quite contagious. For this reason he claimed that his disease “set him free” because he would have done something else with his life had he seen the opportunity. He went to the University of Algiers, where he graduated with a degree in 1935. In the 1930s, Camus became interested in politics. In 1935, Camus joined the French Communist Party, a political group. In the late 1930s, Camus was a writer for the socialist newspaper, the "Alger-Republicain".

In 1941, Camus wrote his first novel, which was called "The Stranger". During World War II, Camus joined the French Resistance to fight against the Nazi army. After World War II, Camus became friends with another writer named Jean-Paul Sartre. Camus and Sartre often talked about philosophy and politics in "cafés" (or shops that serve food, but the menu is smaller than in a restaurant)

Camus wrote books about philosophy (ways of thinking) which said that life was "absurd" (makes no sense, or has no meaning). In the 1950s Camus tried to improve human rights. In 1960, Camus died in a car crash. He had two children, Catherine and Jean.








Angevin Empire

The Angevin Empire was a collection of states ruled by the Angevin Plantagenet dynasty. The Plantagenets, Henry II of England, Richard I of England, and John of England, ruled over an area from the Pyrenees to Ireland during the 12th and early 13th centuries. Their empire was roughly half of medieval France as well as all of England and Ireland. The name "Angevin" came from the French region and town of Anjou which was the home of the Plantagenet family.

Spine

The spine is a column of vertebrae in the back part of the torso (upper body). It is also called the backbone or vertebral column. There is a spinal canal that runs through the length of the spine. Inside this canal is the spinal cord. Animals that have a spine are called vertebrates, and animals that do not have one are called invertebrates. Humans have a spine, so we are vertebrates. Many vertebrates, including mammals, have intervertebral discs separating the vertebrae.

The vertebral column has five "regions". These regions from top to bottom are:

The spinal column has an opening called spinal canal and this opening is used for nerves. The part of the central nervous system in the spinal column is called spinal cord.



Pyrenees

The Pyrenees (; , ; ; ; ) are a range of mountains in southwest Europe that form a natural border between France and Spain. They separate the "Iberian Peninsula" from France, and extend for about 430 km (267 mi) from the Atlantic Ocean (Bay of Biscay) to the Mediterranean Sea (Cap de Creus).


Sea of Galilee

The Sea of Galilee is Israel's largest freshwater lake, about 53 kilometers (33 miles) around, about 21 km (13 miles) long, and 13 km (8 miles) wide; it has a total area of 166 km², and a depth of about 43 meters. At 209 meters below sea level, it is the lowest freshwater lake on Earth, and the second lowest lake in the world after the Dead Sea, a saltwater lake. It is not a real sea - it is called a sea because of tradition.

The lake is also known on modern maps as Lake Galilee or Lake Tiberias, in the region of Galilee. In modern Hebrew, it is known as (), "Sea of Kinnereth" (Numbers 34:11; Joshua 13:27). It has also been called the Lake of Gennesaret or the Sea of Gennesaret (Luke 5:1) after the name of a small fruitful plain on its western side. The Arabic name for the lake is (بحيرة طبريا) meaning "Lake Tiberias". Other names are: Ginnosar, Lake of Gennesar, Sea of Chinneroth, Sea of Tiberias (Roman) and Waters of Gennesareth.

Its main source is the Jordan River, which flows through it from north to south. The lake is deep in the Jordan Great Rift Valley, the valley caused by the separation of the African and Arabian Plates. Because of this, the area has earthquakes and, in the past, volcanic activity.

Due to its low-lying position in the rift valley, surrounded by hills, the sea can get sudden violent storms; as in the New Testament story about Jesus calming the storm. A main feature of the lake seems to be that it is always changing. It is still famous, just as in New Testament times, for having plenty of fish, and in today's restaurants, "St. Peter's Fish" (tilapia) is very popular.

The Sea of Galilee is on the ancient Via Maris road which linked Egypt with the northern empires. The Greeks, Hasmoneans, and Romans started towns and settlements here: Gadara, Hippos, Tiberias and others. The 1st century historian Flavius Josephus wrote of a large fishing industry at this time, with 230 boats regularly working in the lake.
Much of the ministry of Jesus was on the shores of Lake Galilee. In those days, there were many settlements and villages all around the lake and plenty of trade and ferrying by boat. The gospels of Mark (1:14-20), Matthew (4:18-22), and Luke (5:1-11) tell how Jesus got four of his apostles from the shores of Lake Galilee: the fishermen Simon and his brother Andrew, and the brothers John and James. One of Jesus' famous teachings, the Sermon on the Mount, was given on a hill overlooking the lake. Many of his miracles were also recorded to have been here: his walking on water, calming a storm, feeding five thousand people and many others.

In 135, the second Jewish revolt against the Romans, called Bar Kokhba's revolt, was put down. The Romans responded by sending all Jews away from Jerusalem and not letting them come back. The center of Jewish culture and learning thus moved to the region of the Kinneret, particularly to the city of Tiberias.

In the time of the Byzantine Empire, the lake's importance in Jesus' life made it a major destination for Christian pilgrims. This led to the growth of a tourist industry, with package tours and plenty of comfortable inns.

The lake lost importance when the Byzantines lost control of it. The area came under the control of the Umayyad Caliphate and later Islamic empires. Except for Tiberias, little by little, the major towns and cities began to be left empty. In 1187, Saladin defeated the armies of the Crusades at the Battle of Hattin, mainly because he cut the Crusaders off from the valuable fresh water of the Sea of Galilee.

In 1909 Jewish pioneers built their first cooperative farming village (kibbutz), Kvutzat Kinneret which trained Jewish immigrants in farming and agriculture. Kinneret was the center of the Kibbutz culture of early Zionism.

In 1923 an agreement between the United Kingdom and France set the border between the British Mandate of Palestine and the French Mandate of Syria. The British gave the southern Golan Heights to the French in return for the northern Jordan Valley. The border was drawn again so that both sides of the Jordan river and the whole of the Sea of Galilee, including a 10-meter wide strip along the northeastern shore, were made a part of Palestine . The 1947 UN Partition Plan put this area inside the Jewish state.
During the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, Syria occupied the lake's northeastern shore. In 1967, the State of Israel took control of the entire Sea of Galilee, as well as the Golan, during the Six Day War. Syria still claims the northeastern shore of the sea , arguing it is a part of the Golan Heights.

Israel's National Water Carrier, built in 1964, takes water from the lake to the population centers of Israel, and is the source of most of the country's drinking water. Israel also supplies water from the lake to the West Bank and to Jordan (under the terms of the Israel-Jordan Treaty of Peace). More demand for water and some dry winters have resulted in a lower water level that is sometimes dangerous.

Today, tourism is again very important in the area. The entire Sea of Galilee is a popular holiday resort area. The many historical and spiritual sites around the lake, especially its main town Tiberias, are visited by millions of local and foreign tourists every year. Other economic activities include fishing in the lake and agriculture, particularly bananas, in the fertile belt of land surrounding it.

A key attraction is the site where the Kinneret's water flows into the Jordan River. Thousands of pilgrims from all over the world come to be (re-)baptized there every year.



Dartmoor

Dartmoor is a national park in Devon, a county in England. Its highest point is High Willhays, 621 metres high. This is the highest point in the south of England. It has a large area of moorland, and is very hilly. There is much woodland on its lower slopes.

Dartmoor is famous for its tors—outcrops of rock on top of many of its hills. These are the remains of volcanic activity in the Carboniferous period. 

Animal life on Dartmoor includes birds such as the ring ouzel and dunlin, and the endangered marsh fritillary butterfly. Its bogs are home to many unusual plants such as the sundew - false information 

On 2 August 2023, the Royal Marines reported that they lost a standard-issue SA80 rifle during a training exercise. It has not been found. 


Cirencester

Cirencester is a town in Gloucestershire in England. People first moved there in Roman times. It currently has a population of 19,076. It is 93 miles west of London, and is between Swindon, Cheltenham and Gloucester.

The town is home to the Church of St. John the Baptist built in the 12th century.

Seppuku

Seppuku is a Japanese ritual where a samurai kills himself by cutting into his belly. After one had done so, a second person would cut off his head. It was thought that seppuku was an honorable way to die. Sometimes, it is called hara-kiri, which is translated from Japanese as "belly-cutting".

Seppuku first developed in the 12th century as a means for samurai to achieve an honorable death. Swordsmen performed the ritual to avoid capture following battlefield defeats, but it also functioned as a means of protest and a way of expressing grief over the death of a revered leader. Beginning in the 1400s, seppuku evolved into a common form of capital punishment for samurai who had committed crimes. In each case, it was considered an act of extreme bravery and self-sacrifice that embodied Bushido, the ancient warrior code of the samurai. There was even a female version of seppuku called “jigai,” which involved cutting the throat using a special knife known as a “tanto.”

Seppuku was a key part of bushido, the honor code of the samurai warriors. It was used by warriors so that they would not fall into enemy hands and be shamed. It was possible also that a samurai received an order from his master to commit seppuku. 

Because seppuku was an honorable act, a warrior who was caught by the enemy was sometimes given the choice between seppuku and being executed. If he chose seppuku, he could protect his honor. Samurai women had to ask for permission to commit seppuku.

This act could be performed either with a ritual, or quietly on the battlefield while other warriors fight the enemy.

The main weapon used was the samurai's knife called tantō or the short sword, called wakizashi. A samurai who wants to commit seppuku would take the weapon, open his kimono and stab the blade into his belly. He would make a deep cut from Right to left. An assistant of the warrior committing seppuku (called "kaishakunin") would immediately cut off his head.

Seppuku fell out of favor with the decline of the samurai in the late-19th century, but the practice didn’t disappear entirely. Japanese General Nogi Maresuke disemboweled himself in 1912 out of loyalty to the deceased Meiji Emperor, and many troops later chose the sword over surrender during World War II. Perhaps the most famous case in recent history concerns Yukio Mishima, a renowned novelist and Nobel Prize nominee who committed ritual seppuku in 1970 after leading a failed coup against the Japanese government.

Sow bug

A sow bug or woodlouse is a small land arthropod (jointed-legged animal). They are often confused with centipedes, millipedes or insects, but are actually crustaceans. They have fourteen legs and breathe through gills. Because of the gills, woodlice need water in the air around them. They mostly eat dead plants, and are considered helpful, because they act as "garbage collectors." Some species can roll up into a ball when in danger. In such position, their hard shell faces out, protecting the softer parts of the body.

Sow bugs do not look like shrimps or crabs, although they are closely related.

Lady beetle

Lady beetles are the Coccinellidae, a family of beetles. All species are protected by noxious fluids based on cyanide, and most have warning colouration, such as red with black spots or black stripes.

They are often called ladybugs or ladybirds, but biologists prefer the term 'coccinellid' or 'lady beetle'.

Coccinellids are found worldwide, with over 5,000 species. Most species are insectivorous, feeding mainly on the "true bugs", the Hemiptera. These are insects which feed on plants, such as aphids (greenfly) or scale insects. Ladybeetle larvae are also voracious (greedy) eaters of greenfly.

"Harmonia axyridis" (or harlequin ladybug) was introduced into North America from Asia in 1988 to control aphids. It is now the most common species there, out-competing many of the native species. It has since spread to much of western Europe, reaching the UK in 2004. 

Many coccinellids are brightly coloured to warn potential predators. This phenomenon is called aposematism. It works because predators learn by experience to associate certain prey phenotypes (appearance) with a bad taste or being poisonous.

Mechanical stimulation (such as a predator attack) causes "reflex bleeding" in both larval and adult ladybird beetles. A toxin is put through the joints of the exoskeleton, deterring feeding. This method works well: birds and cats seldom try twice.

Most people know lady beetles as small, round, red beetles with black spots on their backs. In Europe, the most common lady beetle is seven-spotted "Coccinella septempunctata".

Not all lady beetles are red, and not all red lady beetles have spots. Some lady beetles are very small, black and hairy. Lady beetles vary in color as red, orange, pink, or yellow with black spots. They can also be black with red spots. Some are missing spots altogether. There are even a few kinds of ladybeetles with metallic blue iridescence, and some have checkerboard markings or stripes.

The (usually) black front part ("pronotum") of the ladybeetle is the thorax and the head. 

Most coccinellids as adults. In "Harmonia axyridis", eggs hatch in 3–4 days from clutches numbering from a few to several dozen. Depending on the supply of aphids, the larvae pass through four instars over 10–14 days, after which pupation occurs. After several days, the adults become reproductively active and are able to reproduce again, though not late in the season. On average, the lifespan on the lady beetle is 1-2 years. 

It only takes about four weeks for the ladybeetle to transform from a tiny egg to an adult. Some females can lay up to 1,000 eggs in one summer. The ladybeetle may lay her eggs near an aphid colony, or on plants where the larvae will have a ready supply of food when they hatch.

Almost all lady beetles are insectivores: they eat other insects. Many of these insects have soft bodies, such as aphids. Even the larvae eat other insects. Aphids are a huge problem for farmers and gardeners, and therefore a ladybug is a great help to the farmer. Some species of ant herd aphids like sheep, and will attack a ladybeetle that tries to eat one of their aphids.

Lady beetles can typically be found on plant foliage located in areas the get direct sunlight. They play important roles in keeping the diversity around gardens and forest under control through pest control. 

Jessica Sickler created a research program called "The Lost Ladybug Project" to get families and children outside and looking at wildlife. The team are able to keep track of what species of lady beetles are located in what regions. Families are invited to join.

Lou Pearlman

Louis Jay Pearlman (June 19, 1954 - August 19, 2016) was an American record producer and fraudster. He was born in Flushing, Queens, New York City. He was a first cousin of the musician Art Garfunkel. He used to live in Orlando, Florida. He was the person behind many successful 1990s boy bands, having formed and funded the Backstreet Boys. After their massive success, he then developed NSYNC. 

In 2006, he was accused of running one of the largest and longest-running Ponzi schemes in United States history, leaving more than $300 million in debts. After attempting to evade capture, Pearlman was caught in Bali, Indonesia in June 2007. He pled guilty to conspiracy, money laundering, and making false statements during a bankruptcy proceedings.

In 2008, Pearlman was convicted and sentenced to up to 25 years in prison. He died of a stroke in prison in Texarkana, Texas.



Thirteen Colonies

The Thirteen Colonies were colonies in British North America in what is now the Eastern Seaboard of the United States. They were founded for different reasons. Some people thought that they would make a lot of money in new goods in America that could not be found in Europe, such as tobacco. Others left to find freedom of religion or just to make a new start. Some wanted to be in charge and to change things that they did not like back at England.

The first colony was Virginia, which was started in 1607 at Jamestown. The last colony of the thirteen to be started was Georgia in 1732.

The Thirteen Colonies (listed from north to south):

The colonies are often divided into three groups. The northern group was called New England and included New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Connecticut.

There were four Middle Colonies: New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Delaware.

The South had five colonies: Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia.

New England had small farms and focused on fishing, forestry (trees and lumber), shipping, and small industry to make money.

The South had large plantation farms that grew tobacco and later cotton. Plantations were farmed first by indentured servants, who would work for a period of years in return for their passage to America and land. They were later replaced by slaves.

The Middle Colonies had medium-sized farms. They also had people from many different cultures with many different beliefs. 

All three regions were tied to the "Atlantic economy". Colonists built merchant vessels, and merchants traded slaves, agricultural goods, gold, fish, lumber, and manufactured goods between America, the West Indies, Europe and Africa.

After the French and Indian War, Great Britain made new taxes and other laws that angered some people in the colonies. That led to a war between Great Britain and its former colonies: the American Revolutionary War.

The colonies said why they wanted to become independent of Great Britain on July 4, 1776 at the Declaration of Independence and became known as the United States of America.

Jamestown

Jamestown may refer to:













Stillbirth

A stillbirth happens when a fetus (unborn baby) dies while still inside the mother or dies during delivery (childbirth). It is said that the delivered baby is "stillborn". Stillbirth is different from a miscarriage because a stillbirth happens after the baby has been living inside its mother 20 to 24 weeks (depending on the country). It is called a miscarriage if the baby lived inside the mother for less time.

The causes of many stillbirths are unknown, even when special tests are done to learn the cause.

The number of stillbirths in the United States is about 1 in 115 births, which is about 26,000 a year, or one every 20 minutes. In developing countries, where medical care is not as advanced or good, the number of stillbirths is higher. 

In Australia, England, Wales, and Northern Ireland, the rate is about 1 in 200 babies.

The death of the baby is usually treated like the death of an older baby. The family may have a funeral. The body of the dead baby can be buried or cremated (burned). In some places, there are special places for putting the bodies or the ashes of stillborn babies.

The mother may be ill. Her body may be hurt from having the baby.

In the UK, any baby that leaves its mother's body after 24 weeks and does not show any signs of life is called a "stillbirth". The mother or father must tell the government about the baby. A Stillbirth Certificate is given to the family. 

In Australia, any stillborn fetus that weighs more than 400 grams and lived in the mother for more than 20 weeks must be reported to the government.

The United States does not have a formal definition of "stillborn" babies. All pregnancies are legally called either: "live birth", "fetal death", or "induced termination of pregnancy" (abortion). The law does not have a difference between a stillbirth and a miscarriage. However, it is recommended to register infants who weighed over 350 grams or who lived over 19 weeks inside the mother before dying.




Arizona Cardinals

The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football team based in the Phoenix suburb of Glendale, Arizona. They are the oldest continuous professional American football club in the United States, founded in 1899 in Chicago, Illinois. They moved to St. Louis, Missouri in 1960 before moving to Phoenix in 1988. The head coach of the team is Kliff Kingsbury. As of 2019, their starting quarterback is Kyler Murray. Drew Stanton is currently the number 2 quarterback. Arizona Cardinals play their home games at State Farm Stadium. The Arizona Cardinals played in Super Bowl XLIII, but lost to the Pittsburgh Steelers.


Totnes

Totnes is a town in South Devon, South West England. 7,800 people live there. It has many old buildings dating back to Tudor times, and it has the remains of a Norman castle. The town stands on the River Dart, at the highest point reached by the tide.

Totnes is well known in Britain for its large New Age community, although some of these people are moving away from the town. The town has many interesting shops selling health food and books, and there are also many art and craft shops.

A local legend says that Totnes was begun by Brutus of Troy after the Trojan war. There is a stone in the high street called the Brutus Stone. This is where people say he first stepped on British soil.


Chiffon cake

A chiffon cake is a type of sponge cake. It is a cake that is made using vegetable oil instead of butter. This gives the cake a foam-like texture. Because there is no butter in the cakes, they are more healthy but have less flavor. Chiffon cakes are usually served by soaking the cake layer in a cake syrup (which is nothing more than 2 parts water to 1 part sugar) to provide it with moisture since it's dry in nature.

The chiffon cake was invented in 1927 by Harry Baker, a California insurance salesman turned caterer. Baker kept the recipe secret for 20 years until he sold it to General Mills. At this point the name was changed to "chiffon cake" and a set of 14 recipes and variations was released to the public in a Betty Crocker pamphlet published in 1948.

Three Character Classic

The Three Character Classic, Trimetric Classic or San Zi Jing (三字經, 三字经) is a written work from China. Many people believe that Wang Yinglin wrote it during the Song Dynasty. It is named Three Character Classic because each line has three Chinese words, which are called "characters." It is often used to teach children how to say words.


Art film

Art films are a type of movie that is very different from the popular Hollywood blockbuster movies. Art films have many other names. Some people call them art movies, independent films, indie films, arthouse films, auteur films ("auteur" is a French word which means "author") or experimental films. 

Art films are usually made by smaller movie companies. These companies do not have much money compared to the Major movie studios large movie studios, for example, Paramount or Disney. Art films usually have different plots (stories) than blockbuster movies. They usually tell more creative or unusual stories than blockbuster movies. 

Art films often show controversial or sad stories. These types of movies may have sad endings. They are sometimes hard to understand, because the movie may be about people's feelings, thoughts, or dreams. 

For these reasons, art films are not shown in many cinemas or theaters. They do not have large audiences and do not make much money. They are generally promoted by word of mouth. People see the movie and then tell their friends to go see it.

The opposite of an art film is a popular blockbuster movie. Blockbuster movies have famous actors and large budgets. Some have expensive special effects. They are made so that millions of people will pay money to see the movie. 

Blockbuster movies are part of the reason why people make art films. Movie directors making art films try to make them very different from blockbuster movies. The movie is a more personal statement by the director. Blockbusters are made for commercial reasons and art films are made for personal reasons. 

The large budgets of blockbuster movies are not only to make the movie. The money also pays for advertisements. Art movies have small budgets. They usually have unknown or little-known actors. Some even use amateur actors. Some art films will even use regular people with no experience as actors to work as the actors. It is not uncommon for Art film directors to use friends and family members as actors. 

Blockbusters often use simple stories and characters that have been used before in other movies. Art movies usually use strange or unusual stories and characters that the audience may not have seen before.

In blockbuster movies, there is usually a happy ending. All of the problems in the story are figured out or fixed by the end of the movie. In art movies, there is often a sad ending. They can also have endings which are either hard to understand or could mean many different things. These endings are used so that the audience will have to think about what might have happened in the story. 

Blockbuster movies have a large amount of television advertising, billboards and internet sites. Art films often have little or no advertising.

Blockbuster movies are very popular. This causes more movies to be made using the same story and characters. For example, the "James Bond" movies all tell stories about the British spy named James Bond. The "Star Wars" science fiction movies all tell stories about spaceships and outer space wars. Art films are very rarely made into franchises with sequels. This is because directors of art films are often trying to create a new movie with new ideas for each movie they make. Some art films do have sequels. This will most often happen when the movie was very well liked and the director wanted to tell more stories using some of the same characters. 

Rarely, an art film can be so well liked that a franchise is created because of it. The "View Askew" universe is an example of this. Kevin Smith wrote and directed the movie "Clerks". He produced the movie himself with a friend, Scott Mosier. They named their production company, View Askew Productions. This movie was an art film. It had a small budget, dealt with personal issues and its actors were mainly Smith's friends and family. Smith even played one of the characters himself. The movie was very popular and sold well when it was released on DVD. Universal Pictures, a large Hollywood studio, asked him to make a movie for them. He used two of his characters from "Clerks", Jay and Silent Bob, as part of the new movie. He later used Jay (played by Jason Mewes and Silent Bob (played by Smith) is three other movies he wrote: "Dogma", "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back" and "Clerks 2", a sequel to "Clerks".

David Bordwell is a professor from the United States. He studies movies at a university. He thought of a way of explaining what an "art film" is in 1979. He wrote that art films are different from regular Hollywood movies. Regular Hollywood movies have a clear story and plot. Art film often have much stranger stories. In an art film, the stories may be hard to understand. As well, in an art film, the audience may have a hard time understanding what is going on. Art movies are often about people's feelings and thoughts. Art movies are often about big questions that a person has to answer about who they are or what they should do in a situation.

Palm OS

Palm OS is an operating system that is made to work on small computer devices, mostly Personal Digital Assistants. Palm OS was first released in 1996, when the Palm 1000 was released.

Ural Mountains

The Ural Mountains (), also known simply as the Urals, is a mountain range that runs roughly north and south through western Russia.

The Urals stretch 2,500 km from the Kazakh steppes along the northern border of Kazakhstan to the coast of the Arctic Ocean. The island of Novaya Zemlya forms a further continuation of the chain. Geographically this range marks the northern part of the border between Asian and European sections of the Eurasian continent. Its highest peak is Mount Narodnaya (Poznurr, 1895 m). 


Ishmael

Ishmael (, إ‎ ʾIsmāʿīl) was the first son of Abraham and Hagar, an Egyptian servant. 

He was a son of Abraham, descendant of Arpachshad, son of Shem, son of Noah, grandson of Methuselah and coming from line of Seth, son of Adam and Eve, first human.

When Abraham (then called Abram) was married to Sarai for ten years without having any children, Sarai told Abram to marry her Egyptian servant Hagar and he did. After getting pregnant, Hagar became arrogant so Sarai treated her badly and she ran away. Then an Angel convinced Hagar to go back and said her son would be called Ishmael. Hagar gave birth to a son and Abram named him Ishmael. 

When Abram was circumcised, G-d changed his name to Abraham. And Ishmael was also circumcised and was thirteen years old at the time. One year later, Sarai whose name was now Sarah gave birth to a son while she was 90 years old and Abraham was 100. Abraham circumcised the boy eight days later and named him Isaac. When Sarah saw how Ishmael played with his half-brother Isaac, she told Abraham “cast out this slave woman and her son from before me” but Abraham didn’t want to do that so G-d told Abraham to listen to Sarah. So Abraham sent Ishmael and Hagar away with water. Then Ishmael got sick so Hagar gave him all the water and then looked for more so an Angel showed her a well. Hagar gave Ishmael water and he got better. Ishmael went to Egypt, married an Egyptian woman and became the father of twelve sons and one daughter. 

After Abraham died, Isaac and Ishmael buried him in the Cave of Machpelah in Hebron next to his wife Sarah

After Ishmael died, his daughter Basemath married Esau, who was one of Isaac’s sons. 

When Judah and his brothers sold Joseph into slavery, they sold him to the Ishmaelites, who were Ishmael’s grandchildren. 

In Islam, Ishmael is believed to be the ancestor of the Arabs, while Isaac is the ancestor of the Jews. 

Steppe

In physical geography, a steppe is a plain without trees (apart from those near rivers and lakes). It is similar to a short-grass prairie, although a prairie is generally considered as North America, and the steppe is in eastern Europe and central Asia. Sometimes the short-grass prairie in North America is also called a steppe. Similar places in Africa are called savanna. The world's largest steppe, sometimes called The Great Steppe, is in Russia.

The Mongolian Steppe, also known as the Eastern Steppe, is located in northern Mongolia. It is between the Altai Mountains in the west and the Greater Khingan Region in the east.

It may be semi-desert, or covered with grass or shrubs or both, depending on the season and latitude. It is the sort of climate that is in regions too dry for a forest, but not so dry that there are only deserts. The soil is too moist for a desert, but too dry for normal forest life. Steppes receive slightly more rain than deserts do. The climates in steppes are usually temperate. They are pretty dry because there is very minimal rain.

This is an open area, and often there were long distances between places with good water. People who lived in this type of area were often nomads, often traveling by horses. Genghis Khan was a great warrior from Mongolia who lived on the steppe. The majority of people in the steppe are nomads. Families in Mongolia live in "gers" which is a large portable tent. Mongolians are also master horse riders so many families own many horses that roam the steppe. The people in the steppe interact with the steppe with using the animals there for there food and drink. They also have a very prominent musical culture with a wide variety of traditional Mongolian songs.

In the United States, the cowboy herded cattle in the steppe, moving from place to place by horse. During the Dust Bowl in the 1930s in North America, farmers who had recently settled on the land and started farms suddenly found themselves without food. Many of them left. Eventually they learned to plow differently and plant crops that survived a drought better, and to plant trees in rows called windbreaks.

Plain

In geography, a plain is a large area of land with no hills or mountains. Plains mostly are more suitable for farming than plateaus or mountains.

List of famous plains:


Mint

Mint can mean different things:

French fries

French fries, Chips, Finger chips, French-fried potatoes, or simply Fries, are "batonnet" or "allumette"-cut deep fried potatoes. Their origin is disputed. They are prepared by cutting potatoes into even strips, drying them, and frying them. They are usually fried in a deep fryer. During the process of making, they are pre-cut, blanched, and frozen russet potatoes are usually used to make them. French fries can also be baked in a oven.

French fries are served hot, either soft or crispy, and are generally eaten for lunch, dinner, or as a snack. They commonly appear on the menus of diners, fast food restaurants, pubs, bars, and other places which sells food.

People often put salt on them, and sometimes dip them in ketchup, vinegar, mayonnaise, tomato sauce, or other condiments. French fries are sometimes topped with poutine and/or chili con carne. French fries are sometimes made from sweet potatoes, instead of potatoes. When baked in a oven, little oil or no oil, is being used.

 
French fries are often fried in a deep fryer, which puts them underwater in hot fat. Today they are usually underwater in oil, instead. Vacuum fryers make French fries have not as much oil, but mostly work on the French fries' color and texture, instead. 

The potatoes are prepared by first cutting them into even strips. They do not necessarily have to be peeled, before. Then the strips are either removed from the plate or put in cold water to remove the starch outside of the strips. Once they are taken out from the cold water, they are dried. Then they can be fried in the two-stage or two-bath technique. Most chefs think that the two-bath technique, will make them fried better. Potatoes that are taken fresh out of the ground, may have too much water in it, which makes the French fries soft and wet, so most people choose potatoes that have not been used for a while.

In the two-stage or two-bath technique, the first process to frying them, sometimes called blanching, is in hot fat, with the temperature being ( 160 °C/ 320 °F). Then they are fried for a little longer, with the temperature now being (190 °C/375 °F) so the French fries can be crispy. After that, they are placed in a colander or on a draining cloth, and then they are eaten. The precise time for the two processes to fry them, depend on the size of the French fries. For example, for 2–3 mm strips, the first process takes about 3 minutes, and the second process, takes only seconds. Since the 1960's, most French fries have been made from frozen Russet potatoes, which have been blanched or air-dried professionally. The usually fat used for making French fries is vegetable oil. In the past, suet made from beef was recommended as the fat to making them, because it was thought that they would taste better, with vegetable shortening as a suggestion. McDonald's used a mixture of 93% of beef tallow and 7% cottonseed oil until 1990, when they changed to vegetable oil with beef flavoring. Horse fat was often used as the fat to make French fries in northern France and Belgium, until recently, but some chefs still use it.



Champagne

Champagne can mean a number of things:

In Switzerland:

In the US:

Champagne (wine)

Champagne is a French sparkling wine. It is named after the Champagne wine region in Grand Est. This is a region in France with many vineyards that grow grapes and make wine. Note that this region is not identical to the French region of Champagne-Ardenne, nor the historical province Champagne. Champagne contains carbon dioxide. One of the features of Champagne wine is that this carbon dioxide originates from a second fermentation in the bottle, and is not added. 

Many people call all sparkling wines "champagne" but according to trade laws, only sparkling wine from the Champagne region can be called champagne. 

Champagnes must be made from certain kinds of grapes. They can be made from white Chardonnay grapes, or red Pinot Noir or Pinot Meunier grapes. Even if red grapes are used, most champagnes look white or sometimes pink (rosé).

Champagnes have different names depending on how much sugar is added. Here is a list of kinds of champagnes from least sweet (called "dry") to most sweet (called "wet"/"doux"):

"Brut" is the most common type of champagne. 

Champagne, like all sparkling wines, is carbonated. Because of all the bubbles, champagne is sometimes called "bubbly" (ex. "We're going to have "bubbly" at our wedding.")

Champagne can be opened in a way that the cork "pops" out and the champagne sprays out in a bubbly foam. Usually this is done only at celebrations. It can be achieved by shaking the bottle before opening it. Normally, care should be taken when opening champagne bottles so that it does not make a mess. When done correctly, the cork will come out quietly, more like a sigh than a pop.

Champagne is usually served in a champagne flute (a tall, narrow glass). The shape of the glass helps keep the bubbles for a longer time.

Champagne is always served cold (chilled). The best temperature is 7 to 9 °C (43 to 48 °F). Often the bottle is chilled in a bucket of ice before and after opening.

In English it is pronounced like "shampain" (). In French is sounds more like "shampany" ().



Caesarion

Ptolemy XV Philopator Philometor Caesar also simply known as Caesarion (June 23, 47 BC – August, 30 BC) was the son of Cleopatra VII. He ruled Egypt as a child with his mother Cleopatra until 30 BC. He was murdered by Octavian, who would later become the Roman emperor Augustus.

Caesarion is probably the son of Julius Caesar. If so, he is the only known son of Caesar.

Caesarion was the last king (pharaoh) of the Ptolemaic dynasty of Egypt.

Caesarion was born in Egypt on 23 June 47 BC. His mother, Cleopatra, said that he was the son of Roman leader Julius Caesar. Even though he looked and acted like Caesar, Caesar did not officially say that he was his son. One of Caesar’s friends, Gaius Oppius, wrote a small book trying to show that Caesar could not have been Caesarion’s father. But it is possible that Caesar let Caesarion use his name.

Caesarion spent the first two years of his life, from 46 to 44 BC, in Rome. He and his mother, Cleopatra, were guests at Juilius Caesar’s villa (Horti Caesaris). Cleopatra wanted her son to become the leader of both the Roman Republic and Egypt after his father, Caesar. When Caesar was killed on March 15, 44 BC, Cleopatra and Caesarion went back to Egypt. At the age of three, Cleopatra made Caesarion the ruler of Egypt with her on September 2, 44 BC.
Cleopatra compared her relationship to her son with that of the Egyptian goddess Isis and her child Horus.

From 44 BC until 36 BC, there are no informations about Caesarion. Two years later, in 34 BC, he appeared at two events called the Donations of Antioch and the Donations of Alexandria. These events were organized by Cleopatra and Mark Antony to give lands that were controlled by Rome and Parthia to Caesarion and his siblings: Alexander Helios, Cleopatra Selene II, and Ptolemy Philadelphus.

In the year 34 BC, Mark Antony gave more land and titles in the east to Caesarion and his own three children with Cleopatra. Caesarion was called a god, the son of a god, and "King of Kings." This was a really big title that was never given by romans to their allies. Some people thought this was a threat to the greatness of the Roman people. Antony also said that Caesarion was really Julius Caesar's son and should be the next ruler. This made Octavian (who became ruler because he was Julius Caesar's grandnephew and adopted son) very angry. These things caused a big fight between Antony and Octavian. 
Octavian used how angry people were about these things to get support for fighting against Cleopatra and Mark Antony.

After Cleopatra and Mark Antony lost the Battle of Actium in 31 BC, Cleopatra wanted Caesarion to be the only ruler without her. She may have planned to leave with Antony. Octavian invaded Egypt and looked for Caesarion in 30 BC. Cleopatra might have sent Caesarion to a place called Berenice for safety, possibly so that he can escape to India. Plutarch said that Caesarion went to India, but he also said that Caesarion was tricked into returning to Egypt because Octavian told him that he'd let him rule Egypt. 
When Caesarion went back to Egypt, Octavian killed him around 30 BC.
There aren't many pictures of Caesarion left. A part of a statue was found in Alexandria in 1997, and People think that this statue belongs to Caesarion. There are two pictures of him as an adult. Pictures of Caesarion as a baby can be seen on some coins that Cleopatra made when he was still young.

Caesarion had a full list of Egyptian titles and names in the Egyptian language:

Lorca

Lorca is a town in Murcia, Spain. The 2010 census recorded that 92,694 people live there. On 11 May 2011, an earthquake occurred, causing the deaths of ten people.

Alexander Pushkin

Alexander Sergeyevich Pushkin was born 6 June (26 May, Old Style) 1799, Moscow, and died 10 February 1837 (29 January, New Style), St Petersburg. He was a Russian poet, novelist, dramatist and writer of short stories. 

Many think he was the greatest Russian poet. He started the great tradition of Russian literature. Pushkin wrote in a way that no other Russian had done before: he used the Russian language as it was spoken instead of writing in a style based on old church books. His influence on other Russian writers was enormous and several Russian composers set his stories and poems to music. His poetry is very hard to translate well into other languages because the words are full of special meanings in Russian culture. His novels, especially Eugene Onegin, are widely read.

Pushkin’s great-grandfather was an African slave who was set free by Tzar Peter the Great. Pushkin was killed in a duel in 1837 at the age of 37.

Pushkin's father came from an old aristocratic family. On his mother's side Pushkin had African ancestors. His great-grandfather Abram Gannibal was an Abyssinian who was living in a palace of the Turkish sultan in Istanbul. The Russian ambassador bought him as a present for Peter the Great, the tsar of Russia. Gannibal became a favourite of Peter the Great and he was sent to Paris to study. He became very rich. Pushkin was proud of his great-grandfather and wrote about him in a novel called "The Negro of Peter the Great".

In 19th century Russia all aristocratic families learned to speak French, so Pushkin and his brother and sister spoke and wrote in French more than in Russian. The children were cared for by a nurse, Arina Rodionovna Yakovleva. It was the nurse who taught them to love the Russian language. She told the children Russian folktales. Pushkin also spoke Russian to the peasants and he read many books in his father's library.

When he was 12 he went to a new school called the Imperial Lyceum at Tsarskoye Selo. Years later this school was renamed Pushkin after their famous pupil. He soon started writing romantic poems in Russian using Russian tales of heroes and adventures. "Ruslan and Ludmila" was a poem that was later to be made into an opera by Mikhael Glinka.

In 1817, Pushkin got a job in the foreign office at St. Petersburg. He soon became interested in politics and supported the Decembrist revolt of 1825 when a group of noblemen and army officers tried to put another tsar in power and make him less powerful. Pushkin wrote some political poems. The result was that he was told he had to leave St. Petersburg. He had to spend six years in exile in the south of the country: in the Caucasus and the Crimea. He wrote about his experiences in the south in several romantic narrative poems (long poems which tell a story). He started work on a novel in verse called "Yevgeny Onegin" (or "Eugene Onegin"). He did not finish it until 1833. This was to be his most famous work. It was used by many musicians including Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky who made it into an opera. The poem shows typical Russian people in the society of his day. 

Pushkin was angry that he was still in exile and he wrote many letters to his friends. Many of these letters were later published. He spent a lot of time drinking, gaming and fighting with swords. He fell in love with the daughter of a Count for whom he was working. The Count managed to get Pushkin exiled to his mother's estate near Pskov at the other end of Russia. Pushkin spent two years here. He was lonely, but he studied Russian history and talked to the peasants. The poems he wrote were full of ideas from Russian culture. He wrote one of his major works: "Boris Godunov", a drama about a story from Russian history. The composer Modest Mussorgsky later made an opera from it. Boris Godunov was a cruel tsar in the 17th century. Pushkin's play shows that the ordinary people had a lot of power. This made it difficult for Pushkin to get it published.

After the revolt in 1825 the new tsar Nicholas I realized that Pushkin was by now very famous. He also realized that he had not taken part in the revolt, so he allowed him to return. The tsar said that he himself would censor Pushkin's works before they were allowed to be published. He said that he was going to be a good tsar and help the poor people (the serfs) to become free. Pushkin was in a difficult position because he could not write anything that the tsar would not like.

He had to be very careful not to say bad things about the rulers of the country. The police watched him very carefully. Yet at this time Pushkin wrote a large number of great works, almost each one of them being the first of their kind in Russian literature. One example is the short story "The Queen of Spades", which Tchaikovsky made into an opera and which was to be a great influence on the novels of Fyodor Dostoevsky.

In his last years, Pushkin was again in government service in St. Petersburg. He married in 1831 and had to spend a lot of time in society at court. He wrote more and more prose. He wrote a history of Peter the Great and a historical novel "The Captain's Daughter". He kept asking the tsar to let him resign from his job and go to the country to spend his time writing. The tsar would not allow that. In 1837, Pushkin was killed in a duel. He had been forced to fight the duel in order to defend his wife's honour.

The Russian language today would be very different if it had not been for Pushkin. Using the language as it was spoken by the people he made it into a language which was simple but which could also express deep feelings. His works were a great influence on later writers like Ivan Turgenev, Ivan Goncharov and Leo Tolstoy. "Yevgeny Onegin" was the first Russian novel which told a story about the society of the time. His works have been translated into all the major languages



Exile

Exile means being sent away from the country or area where you live. People are usually exiled for political reasons or sometimes because they have committed a crime. They may have said bad things about the rulers in that country or tried to get into power themselves. People are not exiled in democratic countries, but many famous people in history have been sent into exile.

Exile may mean that someone is sent out of the country, but sometimes they are sent to another part of the country (this is called "internal exile"). Sometimes people have made their own decision to leave their country as a protest against the way it was being ruled. This is called "self-imposed exile".

In the Old Testament the Jews were exiled to Babylon. In Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome people were often sent into exile. For several centuries Russia (in the 20th century the Soviet Union) sent many people into exile, often to labour camps in Siberia. Thousands of people from Europe including many famous people went to the United States when the Nazis came to power in Germany in the 1930s.

One famous person who was sent into exile was Napoléon Bonaparte who was exiled from France, first to Elba and then to Saint Helena after his defeat against the allied forces.

The cellist Pablo Casals went into self-imposed exile as a protest against the government of Francisco Franco. He said he would not come back until Spain was a democracy. But he never could, because he died two years before Franco.


Lager

Lager (which is short for Lager beer) is a kind of beer. It is made from a kind of yeast. Fermentation will be a slow process. It usually has a clear color. That color comes from the beer being stored for some time. During that time, the yeast can settle at the bottom of the barrel. The yeast is removed before the beer is bottled or served. 

Lagers are usually drunk while they are cold.

Ryszard Kapuściński

Ryszard Kapuściński ; 4 March 1932 – 23 January 2007) was a popular Polish journalist. He was well regarded both at home, and abroad. During his life he became known for his way of reporting news. He was a foreign correspondent for the Polish press agency. He was shortlisted as a candidate for the Nobel Prize for Literature, but also received many other awards. He is one of the Polish authors whose works get translated most often.

Republican National Committee

The Republican National Committee (RNC) is a political committee that is a major part of the Republican Party based in the United States. It is responsible for developing and promoting the party's political platform. The committee also helps assist in fundraising and election strategy. It is also responsible for organizing and running the Republican National Convention.

Michael Whatley is the current chairman of the Republican National Committee, in office since March 2024.


Democratic National Committee

The Democratic National Committee (DNC) is a political committee that is a major part of the Democratic Party based in the United States. It is responsible for developing and promoting the party's political platform. The committee also helps assist in fundraising and election strategy. It is also responsible for organizing and running the Democratic National Convention.

Jaime Harrison is the current chairman of the Democratic National Committee, in office since January 2021.


Four Corners

The Four Corners is the place in the Southwestern United States where the four corners of New Mexico, Colorado, Utah, and Arizona meet. Three of the four corners (AZ, NM, UT) are on the Navajo Indian Reservation and the fourth corner (CO) is on the Ute Mountain Indian Reservation.

The Four Corners Monument is at the coordinates .

Southwestern United States

The Southwestern United States (called the American Southwest or simply the Southwest) is a portion of the country mostly considered located in the western region of the United States. It is than the northern states and than the eastern states. Depending on the source, the area almost always includes Arizona and New Mexico, all or parts of Southern California, Nevada, Utah, and Colorado may also be trans-pecos "horn" of far western Texas. The nearby striped states may also be conidered part of this region, as may the trans-pecos "horn" portion of far western Texas. The striped states of California, Nevada, Utah and Colorado are all also classified as part of the "West" by the United States Census Bureau, while Texas and Oklahoma are considered part of the "South" by the same Bureau(see "United States Census Bureau Regions and Divisions"). The Southwest is growing. Big cities in the area are Phoenix, Las Vegas, El Paso, Albuquerque, and Tucson. It is one of the fastest growing parts of the country.

The main parts of the Southwest are the ones that were in Santa Fe de Nuevo México and the New Mexico Territory.

Flagellum

A flagellum (plural: "flagella") is a long, whip-like structure that helps some single celled organisms move. It is composed of microtubules. They help propel cells and organisms in a whip-like motion. The flagellum of eukaryotes usually moves with an “S” motion, and is surrounded by cell membrane.

Flagella are structurally almost identical with the much smaller Cilia. So much so that it has been proposed protists bearing either should be unified in the Phylum "Undulipodia". Previously, Margulis had proposed that the Ciliates alone should be placed in a Phylum "Ciliophora". Admittedly, the Protista is a collection of disparate single-celled forms, but while a more sophisticated taxonomy is in flux (changing), Protista is still a useful term.

Cilia and flagella are cell organelles, specialised units which carry out well-defined functions, like mitochondria and plastids. It is fairly clear now that all or most of these organelles have their origin in once-independent prokaryotes (bacteria or archaea), and that the eukaryote cell is a 'community of micro-organisms' working together in 'a marriage of convenience'.

Three types of flagella have so far been distinguished; bacterial, archaeal and eukaryotic. The main differences among these three types are summarized below:



Walkman

The Walkman is the invention as well as the brand name of Sony. It represents a portable audio player. Today, similar devices are also called "Walkman". The name describes players that have small sizes and can be carried by one anywhere. The portable player was a revolutionary device since one could take favorite music with him or her.

The original Walkman cassette player was released in 1979. The name "Walkman" was used in Japan, while abroad it had other names, one of which was "Soundabout". First the product did not have a name, and then one of the company's staff proposed "Walkman". Because it was a direct translation from Japanese, Sony's leadership seemed skeptical. They thought "Walkman" was not a suitable name for a device which was to be launched in the United States and Europe.

Sony used new ways to introduce its new product on the market and advertise it. The main idea of Sony was to make people aware that Walkman is a product that is unique on the market and that it is both new and fun. On June 22 (the date of release), Sony Walkman appeared in Tokyo. The company held an unusual press conference where different journalists were invited to Yoyogi, which is Tokyo's major park. They were given a Walkman to prove that the portable player is fun and easy to use. 

By 1995 there were already about 150 million Walkman portable players produced. Later, MP3 players became more popular.


Semantics

Semantics is the study of meaning. Meaning in this case refers to the relation between "signifiers" and what they stand for. Signifiers are words, signs and symbols.

The word "semantics" was first used by a French man named Michel Bréal. He studied the way that language was put together, how language changed as time passed, and the connections in languages. Semantics can include simple or very complicated ideas. In everyday speech, it means a problem with understanding language that can confuse because of the words or their connotation (another idea created by a word that is not in its definition). This problem of understanding has been studied for a long time, especially in the field of formal semantics, where people explain the connection between words and their meanings in a clear way.

In linguistics (the study of language), semantics is the study of the attempts to understand signs or symbols used in agents (the words that cause an action) or communities in different situations. Other items of language that are said to have meaning are sounds, facial expressions, body language, and proxemics, which is the use of personal space. Each of these topics connects to many ways of studying. In writing, things like the way paragraphs are written and the use of punctuation show meaning. Other types of language create other meanings.

Formal semantics is sometimes similar to many other areas of language study. Some of these are lexicology (study of words), syntax (ordering of words), pragmatics (the study of language in different situations), and etymology (the history of words). Semantics is also a well-defined field on its own.

Governance

Governance is the term for the way a group of people such as a country do things. Many groups create a government to decide how things are to be done. Governance is different from politics. Politics deals with people with different ideas working together to create an agreement about what to do, and governance is doing what politics decided needed to be done.Governance is also how government decision making affects people in that nation.

Snowball

A snowball is a ball of snow. They are usually made by a person picking snow up in their hands and pressing it together in the ball the size of their hand. Snowballs are usually thrown at people or objects as a game called a snowball fight. Making snowballs is a common activity for children when it snows. 

Larger snowballs are made by using a ball the size of a hand and rolling it on the ground. As more snow sticks to it, the ball grows larger. Larger snowballs are often used to make Snowmen. The term "Snowball effect" comes from this. It means as things go on, they get more serious in the same way that a snowball gets larger as it rolls.

MPEG-4

MPEG-4 is a video and audio standard (type). Movies in MPEG-4 need less space on a computer. At the same time, they still have DVD quality. MPEG means Moving Picture Experts Group. Many researchers and engineers all over the world worked to develop MPEG-4. The work on this standard ended in 1998. MPEG-4 became a standard all over the world.

Movies that use MPEG-4 standard are high quality and take up less computer memory. Older standards were MPEG-1 and MPEG-2. Compared to these older versions, MPEG-4 has more features. For example, it has a way to fix problems, lots of quality and size choices, and a better picture quality.

MPEG-4 is designed for the special needs of computers, television areas and telecommunications. It is able to be individual objects in a certain area, besides rectangular pieces of computer information. For example, this could be a car driving in front of a background. The background does not change. The car can be treated as separate thing, because it is not a fixed background. This is because MPEG-4 can be many rectangular images at the same time.



Warship (TV series)

Warship was a popular British television drama series produced by the BBC between 1973 and 1977.

The series was about life on board a Royal Navy warship, the fictional HMS Hero. It was mainly filmed aboard the Leander-class frigate HMS Phoebe.

Four Leander class frigates played the role of HMS Hero. They were HMS Phoebe, HMS Dido, HMS Hermione and HMS Jupiter. All the crews of these warships were given HMS Hero cap tallies for filming purposes.

The creator of the series was a serving Royal Navy officer, Ian Mackintosh. He wrote three books based on episodes of the series. They were simultaneously published in hardback and paperback. The books were:

The opening music of the series was a march played by the Royal Marines, called "Warship", and written by Anthony Isaac. It is still played by Royal Marine bands.



Jerry Lewis

Jerry Lewis, born as Joseph Levitch, (March 16, 1926 – August 20, 2017) was an American comedian, actor, singer, director and humanitarian. He was of Jewish descent. He was best known for acting in comedy movies in the 1950s and 1960s such as "The Nutty Professor". He also helped to raise money for people with muscular dystrophy, through the Muscular Dystrophy Association.

Lewis was born in Newark, New Jersey. He studied at Irvington High School though he dropped out in his sophomore year.

Lewis first became famous as part of Martin & Lewis, working with singer Dean Martin. They worked together for ten years. They appeared on stage, radio and television, and in movies. They stopped working together in 1956 and did not speak for years. They reunited a few times from the 1970s to the 1990s.

Lewis directed of many of his movies. He was the first director to use video cameras with movie cameras, to help with filming scenes. Film takes time to process, but videotape can be played back right away, saving time and work if a scene needs to be redone. Other directors soon started using his technique, and it is still used today.

During the 1970s, Lewis' movies became less popular. He moved away from acting and directing. In the 1990s, he returned to performing onstage. He continued to perform during the 2000s.

Lewis was a Republican though he was friends with President John F. Kennedy. He supported Presidents Ronald Reagan and Donald Trump.

Lewis died at his home in Las Vegas, Nevada at 9:15 AM of cardiomyopathy on August 20, 2017 at the age of 91.

Jerry Lewis acted in many movies, including: 


Breakdance

Breakdance (also called breaking, b-boying or b-girling) is a type of dance that is done by people who are part of the hip hop culture. "B-boy" means boy who dances on breaks (breakbeats). Breakdancing was invented in the early 1920s by African American and Latino American inner-city youth in the South Bronx in New York City.The dance style evolved during the 70s and 80s in big cities of the United States.

Breakdancing uses different body movements, spins, arm movements, leg movements, all of which are done to the rhythm of hip hop music. Breakdancing was most popular in the 1980s but continues to be common today.

There are four categories in breakdance. They are power moves (windmill, tomas, airtrax and so on), style moves, toprock, downrock (footwork), and freezes (chair, airchair and so on). Many of moves come from gymnastics and kung-fu.

Breakdancers dance with breakbeats. The difficulty of their skills decides the better b-boy. One of the biggest breakdance contests in the world is Battle of the Year (BOTY). It has several different types of contests. There are one-on-one battles, team battle, contest of showcase and so on. B-boy battle means dancing on random music. In 2013, the team coming from South Korea, Fusion MC, won the championship. Floorriorz coming from Japan got the award of best show. Good behavior with the sub

How it started 

Breakdancing can be traced as far as the 1970s. It became an influential form of dancing through the mediums of local parties across the Southern Bronx of New York with a growing trend of DJs. When using two copies of the same record, it created the instrumental method properly known as ‘’breaks’’. These ‘’breaks’’ showcased the skill set of top rock, down rock and passion for the art form in the black community. DJs found this as a way to gain the appeal of those interested in hip-hop and its culture. 

During dance battles, many people would gather around the participants that are breakdancing simultaneously with one another. The competitors' motives for their battle varied from enhancing their dancing reputations to expressing their authenticity as much as possible through the art of breakdancing. The form of breakdancing would rise to become a cultural phenomenon throughout the world. Breakdancing is often considered as one of the most culturally significant styles of dancing in hip-hop culture, as it is respected by both whites and African Americans. 

Breakdancing was born in the 1970s in the South Bronx, New York City as a component of hip-hop culture. It drew inspiration from different dance styles and martial arts, with early breakers introducing moves like toprocking, downrocking, and freezes.In the 1980s, breakdancing gained popularity in mainstream society thanks to films like "Breakin'" and "Beat Street". The dance form evolved using moves like spins, flips, and intricate footwork. In the 2000s, dancers blended different dance styles like acrobatics, contemporary dance, and a mix of cultural influences. 

The global hip-hop community played a significant part in spreading breakdancing to new places and facilitating cultural interchange. In the 2020s, dancers are exploring new boundaries and experimenting with different movements, transforming dance into a vibrant and diverse art form. Breakdancing has thrived by adapting to changes in culture, embracing fresh concepts, and remaining true to its roots of self-expression and community.

How is started and contributions 

B-boys and the term b-boying refer to the dancers that perform an energetic style of dancing in hip-hop typically known as breakdancing. The concept started in the Bronx of New York during a time when the frustrations within the community were at an all-time high. DJ- Kool Herc the proclaimed founder of hip-hop used to perform at hip-hop parties where said the phrase “b-boys go down” which would kickstart a lot of b-boying within the party. Soon Afro-Caribbean elements as well as South American elements elevated the dance style and crews like Zulu Nation and Rocksteady dominated the b-boying scene. 

As well as breakdancing, B-boying also influenced fashion within the hip-hop community. Fashion styles such as anoraks and sweatshirts with hoods, bell bottom jeans, tennis shoes, and white sailor caps became the staple of b-boys style as the scene was developing. However, as time went on their style evolved to reflect a more energetic and thuggish style. Soon, leg jeans, leather Jenkins, bomber jackets, sweatshirts, and trainers with caps worn backward became popular not only in the hip-hop community but in American culture as well. In addition, hip-hop influencers like Charlie Funk spread this fashion to other communities and grew out of the New York scene and into the overall hip-hop scene.

A freeze is a technique where the dancer suddenly stops, often in an interesting or balance-intensive position. Freezes often incorporate various twists of the body into stylish and often difficult positions.
The two-step move sets up the direction of movement and builds up momentum when dancing. This move allows the dancer to stay low and in contact with the ground, which places him in a good position for performing other dance moves.  As such, the two-step is often one of the first moves a break-dancer learns and it leads onto the 6-step.
A kick in breakdance is a one-handed handstand, with often an impressive leg position and the free arm in some stylish position. They are often executed quickly to impress. Watch Grease this will help, or you can watch "So You Think You Can Dance". This movie and show will help understand your understanding of breakdance.

-Guillaume Éradel, C'est quoi le breakdance? Saint-Denis, Edilivre, 2015 ()

Constantine (movie)

Constantine is a 2005 American superhero horror movie starring Keanu Reeves and Rachel Weisz. It is based on a comic book series called "Hellblazer".

The main character, John Constantine, fights demons.

East Anglia

East Anglia is a region of eastern England. It is named after an ancient Anglo-Saxon kingdom, which was named after the homeland of the Angles, Angeln in northern Germany. The kingdom consisted of Norfolk and Suffolk ("North folk" and "South folk") but the region's borders are vague. 

Farming and gardening are very successful in this fertile country. The landscape has been heavily influenced by Dutch technology. 

Simone de Beauvoir

Simone Lucie Ernestine Marie Bertrand de Beauvoir (, ; ; 9 January 1908 – 14 April 1986) was a French author (writer) and philosopher (person who writes about ways of thinking).

She wrote novels (stories in a book), articles about philosophy ways of thinking or ways of living, and politics, biographies (books about other people's lives) and an autobiography (a book about her life).

Her best known books are "She Came to Stay" and "The Mandarins". Her best known writing about ideas is "The Second Sex", which was written in 1949. It describes the bad experiences of women in European society, and suggests how women's lives can be improved.

Her full name was Simone Lucie-Ernestine-Marie-Bertrand de Beauvoir. She was born on January 9, 1908 in Paris. She studied mathematics and ways of thinking at the Institut Catholique. Then she studied literature and languages at the Institut Sainte-Marie. As well, she studied ways of thinking at the Sorbonne, which is at the University of Paris.

In 1943, de Beauvoir published "She Came to Stay", a story about her lover Jean-Paul Sartre (who was also a writer and a philosopher). Next, she wrote a novel called "The Mandarins", which won prize.

In 1944 de Beauvoir wrote an article called "Pyrrhus et Cinéas", which was about a way of thinking about hard choices that people have to make.

In 1949, she wrote Le deuxième sexe. It was translated by Howard Parshley to "The Second Sex". It describes the bad experiences of women in European society, and suggests how women's lives can be improved. The book also discussed ways of thinking about hard choices.

At the end of World War II, de Beauvoir and Sartre started a newspaper about ways of living called "Les Temps Modernes".

De Beauvoir was bisexual and had sexual relationships with some of her female students.

She died of pneumonia. She is buried next to Sartre at the Cimetière du Montparnasse in Paris.




Katie Couric

Katherine "Katie" Anne Couric (born January 7, 1957) was a co-host of the top-rated "Today" show, broadcast live on NBC affiliates, from 1991 until late 2006, earning nearly $14 million each year for the last 4 years of her contract. 

Couric was born in Arlington, Virginia. She was hired by the news division at CBS in late 2006 to anchor and be the main editor of the CBS Evening News, which operated with temporary anchors after Dan Rather's departure. Ratings have been disappointly low despite the initial fanfare and introduction of new theme music at the beginning of each show. In 2021, Couric was a guest host on the syndicated quiz show "Jeopardy!" following the death of Alex Trebek.

Couric is active in charities, especially related to colon cancer, after the death of her husband (to colon cancer) in 1998. Couric received a colonoscopy on live television in March 2000. She also released pictures of her mammogram on television. She voiced a fish version of herself named Katie Current from the 2004 animated comedy movie Shark Tale.

Couric has two daughters, Ellie and Caroline.

Slave trade

During the history of slavery, there were many different forms of human exploitation across many cultures. Slavery is a condition in which people are owned or completely controlled by other people. Buying and selling slaves is a trade as old as many of the oldest civilizations. A modern form of the slave trade is called human trafficking.

In one form or another slavery has been practiced since the earliest civilizations. Early hunter-gatherers had no use for slaves They did everything for themselves. Having another pair of hands to help them meant another mouth to feed. Slavery or owning another person made no sense to these people. Once men gathered in cities and towns and there was more than enough food, having a cheap supply of labour made sense. This is when the earliest forms of slavery appeared. The main source of slaves was war. When a town was captured, the men were killed and the women were enslaved to work in the fields or as concubines. Slaves made up only a small percentage of the earliest civilizations. These included China's Yangtze River valley, India's Indus Valley, Egypt's Nile valley and the Tigris and Euphrates valleys in Mesopotamia.

Once slavery became a major part of the workforce, slave trading became a business. Ancient Greece was the first civilization where slaves made up a large part of the population. Between the 4th and 6th centuries (BC) it is estimated that from one-third to one-half of the population were slaves. There were many sources of slaves. Prisoners captured in war, kidnapping, people selling their children and criminals were some of the more common sources. The market price for slaves would go down after a battle in which many slaves were taken. Slavery was a large part of the Greek economy. A slave could earn money and could earn enough to purchase their freedom. Ancient Rome was even more dependent on slaves.

Slavery was also a part of medieval Europe. Societies that did not depend on slaves were often the source of slaves. In the Viking world, slavery was an important part of the economy. Not only the taking of slaves in raids and battles, but also selling slaves in other markets. The Vikings were slave traders. They captured, used, and sold slaves. Most forms of slavery declined in Northern Europe but was practiced elsewhere in Europe. In Sicily, Italy, Spain, France, Russia and North Africa slavery lasted through much of the middle ages. Most of these slaves were "white" and came from other parts of Europe and Eastern Europe. As the New World was colonized, slavery was a well-established source of cheap labour. By the time Columbus came to the Americas, Europeans had already been using African slaves in their colonies in West Africa.

Historians estimate that between 650 AD and the 1960s, 10 to 18 million people were enslaved by the Arab world. They were taken from Europe, Asia and Africa across the Red Sea, Indian Ocean, and the Sahara desert. For four centuries, beginning in the late 15th century, millions of Africans were taken as slaves by Europeans. They got this idea from the Arab empires which had been taking black slaves from Africa since the 7th century. Europeans began exporting Africans to the New World as a source of cheap labor on colonial plantations. This was called the Atlantic slave trade. Early attempts to enslave Native Americans failed which gave rise to the African slave trade. Africans were a relatively easy source of slaves as European traders did not have to capture them, but relied on Arabs and other Africans to do it for them. Even before outside slave traders took advantage of Africans, the Africans themselves had established slave trading. Theirs was not an economy based on money, but on trading. Slaves were a commodity (a substitute for money).

Slaves were often sold at markets and auctions. Slave auctions show that slaves were not thought of as human beings with human rights. Instead, they were thought of as property, which could be bought or sold. Slaves that were for sale were often advertised in the newspapers, like today's newspapers advertise cars or houses. Slave traders were even listed in public directories (like today's phone books).

Slaves did not have any say in what happened to them. Many times, families were split up and sold to different owners for different amounts of money. Millions of families became separated this way and never saw each other again.

There were three types of auctions: "Grab and go," "May the highest bidder win", and "the scramble".

In a "grab and go" auction, a buyer would give the slave trader a certain amount of money and would get a ticket. When a drum roll sounded, the pen holding the slaves would open. The buyer would rush in and grab the slave or slaves that he wanted. He would then show his ticket to the slave trader before he left.

In a "may the highest bidder win" auction, slaves would be shown to the buyers one at a time. If more than one buyer wanted a particular slave, all of the buyers would have to bid on the slave (making offers for what they were willing to pay). Slaves would be investigated by the buyer and would be forced to be poked, and tortured by the buyer. The buyer who bid the highest would be able to buy that slave for the amount of money he bid.

In "the scramble," buyers would quickly grab whichever slaves they wanted and would take them to work.

Slaves were prepared for this when the sellers put fat and tar on them to make them look more healthy



List of U.S. states and territories by time zone

This is a list of U.S. states (and the one federal district, Washington, D.C.) and territories showing their time zones.

Most of the United States uses Daylight Saving Time (DST) in the summer. In the list, it will say if the state "does not use" DST.

"Note": the time zones listed on this page are listed in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) as well as the names of the time zones as they are called within the United States. For an explanation on what "UTC+#" and "UTC-#" mean, please see the UTC page.


Washington, D.C. does use Daylight Saving Time (DST).
The territories of the United States do not use Daylight Saving Time (DST).


Central line (London Underground)

The Central Line is a line of the London Underground. Its colour is red on the tube map. It runs east-west through London. The line was the longest line until the line between Epping and Ongar was closed. Outside the rush hours trains run every 3-4 minutes in Central London and every 6-7 minutes on the branches.

"In order from west to east. Station in italics are not in the on the Central line anymore"


"branch joins at North Acton:"


"branch joins at North Acton:"


"Splits into two branches."


"The Greater London boundary with Essex is at Grange Hill"
"Terminates at Woodford [see Ongar Branch] (except for rush hours)"


"The Greater London boundary with Essex is between Woodford and Buckhurst Hill"

"Note: the remaining stations to Ongar were served by a shuttle service from Epping."


Lysergic acid diethylamide

LSD is the shorter name for a chemical called lysergic acid diethylamide. LSD is often called by the slang name acid. LSD is a psychedelic drug that causes people who take it to witness illusions. It also alters their thought processes.

LSD was investigated as an adjunct to psychiatric therapies for disorders such as alcoholism. Currently, LSD is being investigated as a clinical tool for treating people with anxiety and depression associated with having a terminal illness. Since there is no recognized medical use for LSD, its use in medicine is experimental. The vast majority of LSD use is illegal and thus considered "drug abuse" according to some definitions.

LSD does not occur in nature, so it must be chemically synthesized. It was invented in 1938 by a Swiss chemist, Albert Hofmann, at the Sandoz Laboratories in Switzerland. Hofmann was trying to produce a new circulatory and respiratory stimulant (an 'analeptic'). He produced LSD because of its similarity to nicotinic acid diethylamide, a known respiratory stimulant.

One day in 1943, Hofmann accidentally ate a small amount of LSD, and noticed strange light patterns in the sky as he went home. He believed that what he had experienced were the effects of the drug. He tried a larger amount next. He ended up with a much stronger reaction to the drug than he expected. Hofmann lay on a couch, afraid he had made himself insane for life. When a neighbor came, found him in trouble, and stayed to look after Hofmann, he was able to calm down, and even said he began to enjoy the plays of colorful shapes and patterns that occurred behind his closed eyes. The next day Hofmann reported to have waken up refreshed and clear-headed, though somewhat physically tired. He also noted that his breakfast tasted unusually delicious that morning.

Sandoz began to offer LSD to doctors and therapists. Sandoz saw it as a help to doctors and therapists so they could get a chance to gain insight into how someone who was mentally ill might see the world. It is known today, that the effects of LSD are very different from those of delusional mental illnesses, such as schizophrenia. For their patients, it was a chance to uncover hidden feelings and thoughts, which could be dealt with in therapy. LSD showed promise in the treatment of problems like alcoholism. Some alcoholics who tried the drug found their need to drink alcohol lessened or went away. They understood better why they had abused alcohol. Unlike other drugs, the desire for alcohol was not replaced by a craving for LSD. The study showed a 50% success rate, compared to 10% for "cold turkey" methods, which is when the person suddenly stops drinking alcohol completely. 

In the United States, the Central Intelligence Agency tested the drug on subjects for different reasons. The name for one of these test projects was MK-ULTRA. Subjects did not know they were given the drug. It was used in interrogations to see if it would make people tell the truth, or remember things they had forgotten. It was also used to convince people they were becoming insane, or that things had happened which really had not, such as an invasion from outer space, or a Communist takeover of the country, or that their bodies were transformed in some way. The CIA supposedly felt it was important to learn how ordinary citizens might react to such things if they happened. The drug sometimes made the scenarios more believable. The effects of these experiments were often harmful to the subjects, even years later, because of the intense anxiety or fear caused when someone unknowingly takes a drug like LSD.

LSD first became popular in the 1960s. A Harvard psychology professor, Timothy Leary, began to encourage people to try the drug then. College students willingly took part in LSD experiments. These experiments were made by psychologists and other professionals. Leary and two of the people he worked with, Richard Alpert and Ralph Metzner, thought the transforming effects of the drug could be a kind of 'rebirth' of users, in the same way as many religions offered them. They wrote a book, "The Psychedelic Experience", which was based on the Tibetan Book of the Dead. Leary eventually became well known in the 1960s hippie movement for his slogan about LSD: "Turn on, tune in, drop out". The Hippies were a countercultural movement. A number of famous rock bands, including the Beatles and the Grateful Dead, became known for their use of LSD, and even a new type of rock music, called "acid rock", was born from the fad.

LSD quickly became a popular drug outside of the medical profession. Many people began using or giving LSD out casually. "Acid parties" and "acid tests" became a social fad. The drug would sometimes be slipped to persons unknowingly, often through "spiked" punch or drinks. Some problems developed, as some casual users began to experience side effects, such as "flashbacks" and psychotic symptoms, though both of these are rare. Sometimes signs of depression and instability were seen. Due to the spread of LSD use outside of the medical community, the United States government banned LSD (made it against the law to make, have or use) in 1967. Other countries soon followed.

The most common danger of taking LSD is having a bad experience, which is called a "bad trip". During a bad trip, people may feel very scared and worried, and they may have very sad thoughts. A bad trip can lead to lasting bad memories and even mental harm. Users who get out of control, or who try to harm themselves, should be taken for medical help.

Storing LSD in an improper manner could end up destroying the blotter and cause adverse effects like nausea and brain fatigue. The safest method to store LSD is wrapping it in aluminum foil or in a Mylar bag. Avoid storing it in books, papers, or box packaging as it could drastically lower the dosage of the blotter and potentially cause unwanted effects upon ingesting it.

Many illegal drugs, such as heroin and cocaine, are very addictive. This means that people who start taking the drug will want to keep taking it, even if it is damaging their physical and mental health. LSD is not addictive to the body or to the mind.

Another danger from using LSD is that it makes a person impaired (intoxicated). When people are impaired, they may have accidents or do things that they would not normally do. In some rare cases, people taking LSD develop a psychosis.

Frequent or regular use of LSD can result in flashbacks. In a flashback, the person feels the drug beginning to affect him or her again, even though he or she has not taken a dose that day. This can be brought on by stress. Note that over 75% of LSD users claimed never to have "flashed back".

It has been said that some people who use LSD can end up with damage to their chromosomes, but this is a myth based on one wrong report that was disproven soon after it was published.

LSD is illegal in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and most of Europe. Some countries enforce the laws against LSD very harshly. Other countries do not enforce the law very much. LSD has been manufactured illegally since the 1960s.





Triple H

Paul Michael Levesque (born July 27, 1969) is an American business executive, retired professional wrestler, actor, and former bodybuilder. He is better known by the ring name Triple H, an abbreviation of his former Hunter Hearst Helmsley name. He is currently the COO ("Chief Operating Officer") of WWE.

Before joining WWE, Levesque began his wrestling career with World Championship Wrestling (WCW) in 1993, wrestling under the name Terra Ryzing. He would then be repackaged as Jean-Paul Lévesque, a French Canadian aristocrat, before joining World Wrestling Federation (now WWE) in 1995.

During his time in WWE, he was a 14-time world champion: a nine-time WWE Champion and a five-time World Heavyweight Champion In addition, he won the 1997 King of the Ring, the 2002 Royal Rumble, and was the second Grand Slam Champion.

He married Stephanie McMahon in 2003, becoming the son-in-law of WWE chairman Vince McMahon. Outside of wrestling, Levesque has made many guest appearances in film and on television. He is starring in the upcoming WWE Film "Journey of Death".

At the 2008 edition of "Backlash", Triple H won the WWE Championship. He lost the title at Survivor Series 2008 to Edge.

At the 2009 No Way Out, Triple H won back the WWE Championship in an Elimination Chamber match for the 8th time, beating The Rock's record of 7 times.

After entering the 2016 Royal Rumble match at no. 30, he eliminated Ambrose to win the Royal Rumble and become a 14 time world champion. He later lost the title to Roman Reigns at WrestleMania 32.

In September 2021, Triple H had heart failure and doctors put an ICD in his chest during surgery. On March 25, 2022, he officially announced his retirement from in-ring competition. On the second night of WrestleMania 38, he left his wrestling boots in the ring which was a sign of retirement.





Ernő Rubik

Ernő Rubik (born 13 July 1944) is a Hungarian inventor and professor of architecture. He is the inventor of the Rubik's Cube. He was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Budapest, Hungary is where Rubik was born. Erno Rubik Sr. and Magdolna Szanto are his parents. His father worked as a flight engineer for a Hungarian aircraft manufacturer, and his mother was a poet. He has spent his entire life in Hungary and has never left. Rubik is a huge fan of his father and claims to have picked up some of his determination from him. His father was an internationally recognized flight engineer who was well known in his specialty. Rubik has mentioned that his father is the source of all of his inspiration and motivation. According to him, his father taught him that no job is unworthy or undeserving.

So, how old is Ern Rubik in 2021, and how tall and how heavy is he? Ern Rubik, who was born on July 13, 1944, is 77 years old as of today’s date, September 1, 2021. Despite his height of 5′ 7′′ in feet and inches and 176 cm in centimetres, he weighs 163 pounds or 74 kilograms.

Rubik was a lifelong student who referred to himself as a ‘bibliophile.’ He began his education at the Secondary School of Fine and Applied Arts, where he received his high school diploma. He had always been interested in architecture and sculpture, and in 1962 he enrolled in Budapest University Of Technology. He received his bachelor's degree in art from there in 1967. He continued his academic education in 1967 by enrolling in the Hungarian Academy of Applied Arts, where he graduated in 1971 and later became a faculty member and designer at the same university. All of these schools and colleges, according to Rubik, helped him mold his life and give him a sense of purpose. He also believes that schooling is critical for a human being since it allows them to practice, think, and learn.
Erno Rubik and his wife Agnes have been married for many years. He also has two boys and two daughters with her. He'd never been linked to any other men before. That demonstrates he's on the straight and narrow. As a result, it's safe to presume that he's heterosexual.

He became a professor of architecture at Budapest College of Applied Arts after graduating in 1971. In 1974, he created a puzzle that became known as “Rubik’s Cube” or “Rubik’s Magic” to better teach his students about three-dimensional things. To create the Rubik’s Cube prototype, he used wood from his university’s workshop and rubber. In 1979, he contacted a US company called ‘Ideal Toys’ to make his idea widely known when it became popular with his students. It was immediately popular and sold in large numbers after being introduced to an international market. Rubik registered his invention as a patent. He formed a studio to create new designs and games after observing the popularity of the cube. He also created the puzzles ‘Rubik’s Snake’ and ‘Rubik’s 360.’ He was elected to the Hungarian Engineering Academy in 1990. He formed the Rubik Foundation to promote and help future students in the engineering sector to build distinctive concepts. He began teaching as an honorary guest lecturer at Keimyung University in South Korea in 2009.

Rubik has won several major accolades for his invention, including Hungary’s highest honors, which only a few people have ever received. He has also received other awards, including the United States Science and Engineering Festival Award (2010), the Prima Primissima Prize (2010), the My Country Awards in 2012, and the Honorary Citizen of Budapest in 2014.



Michael Richards

Michael Anthony Richards (born July 24, 1949) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for playing Cosmo Kramer on the television show "Seinfeld". He has won three Emmy Awards for causing a notable controversy when his shouting of racial slurs at African American hecklers in a comedy club was broadcast worldwide in news reports.

Final Fantasy VII

Final Fantasy VII is a 1997 role-playing video game created by Square for the PlayStation console. It is the seventh major game in the "Final Fantasy series.

Many people see the game as one of the most influential and important role-playing games to date. It is the highest-selling game in the series, having sold more than 13 million copies of the game. "Final Fantasy VII Remake" released in April 2020.

"Final Fantasy VII" follows the story of Cloud, who joins forces with many others to fight a new threat to the world while dealing with a seemingly terminal illness.

The main playable character is Cloud who is supported by Tifa, Aerith, and Barret.

The music in "Final Fantasy VII" covers a wide variety of musical genres, including rock, techno, orchestral, and choral.



Tony O'Reilly

Sir Anthony Joseph Francis O'Reilly (born May 7, 1936) billionaire born in Dublin, Ireland. He is the chairman of Dublin's Independent News & Media Group and was once the CEO of the H.J. Heinz Company.

O'Reilly played rugby for the Leicester Tigers and London Irish in England. He played for Ireland between 1955 and 1963.


Prism (optics)

Some prisms are used to disperse light. Binoculars also use prisms, to reflect light. This lets the tubes of the binoculars be short. Some cameras use a prism to send light to the viewfinder, so the photographer can see what will be photographed.

Fritjof Capra

Fritjof Capra (born February 1, 1939) is an Austrian-American physicist.

Born in Vienna, Austria, Capra earned a Ph.D. in theoretical physics from the University of Vienna in 1966. He has done research on particle physics and systems theory, and has written popular books on the implications of science with ethics, metaphysics and society. In particular in "The Tao of Physics" he says that physics and metaphysics are leading to the same knowledge. His works all share a similar subtext: that ""there are hidden connections between everything"". Capra is both a Buddhist and a Catholic Christian. 

After touring Germany in the early 1980s, Capra wrote a book in 1984 with ecofeminist author Charlene Spretnak, called "Green Politics".

Capra pushes for western society to abandon the mechanistic views of Descartes. Unlike Descartes' reductionistic view that everything can be studied in parts to understand the whole, he allows his readers to take an objective and fresh mind, encouraging them to see the world through 'complexity theory'.

Capra is aiming for a theory of living systems, a theoretical framework for ecology. This theory has its roots in several scientific fields from the first half of the twentieth century — organismic biology, gestalt psychology, ecology, general systems theory, and cybernetics.



Vegeta

Vegeta also known as Prince Vegeta IV is a fictional character from the manga Dragon Ball created by Akira Toriyama , where he is firstly introduced as an antagonist alongside his companion Nappa for Goku.
Later in the story he became an ally for Goku and his friends, even if he develops a friendly rivalry with Goku.
He also marries Bulma and he becomes father of Trunks and Bulla.
His popularity is only second to Goku himself. Due to his popularity he appareaes in Dragon Ball Z , Dragon Ball GT and Dragon Ball Super.

Minor Threat

Minor Threat was a hardcore punk band from Washington DC from the 1980s. Many other bands which played hardcore punk music in the United States were influenced by Minor Threat's music. Minor Threat's songs were usually short and fast. All of Minor Threat's records were released on the band's own Dischord Records label.

Minor Threat told their listeners they did not use illegal drugs or drink alcohol, which was called being "straight edge." 

Ian MacKaye, Jeff Nelson, bassist Brian Baker, and guitarist Lyle Preslar formed Minor Threat in 1980. Their first records were "Minor Threat" and "In My Eyes" in 1981. The group toured through the United States.
Their song "Straight Edge" had lyrics (words) that told people they did not use illegal drugs or drink alcohol, which was called being "straight edge." Another song called "Out of Step" tells listeners not to smoke, drink, or have casual sex. People often thought that the band was telling others not to do these things but in interviews the band states that straight edge is a personal decision.

Minor Threat broke up in 1983. 




Ethelred the Unready

Athelred II (13 March 968 — 23 April 1016) nicknamed the Unready was the King of England twice. The first time was from 978 until in 1013 where a Viking king, Sweyn I of Denmark, overthrew him. The second time was from Sweyn's death in 1014 until Athelred's death in 1016. He was the son of Edgar and his second wife, Ælfthryth. He succeded his older half-brother, Edward II, in 978 when Athelred was only ten years old. During his reign where he had to fight against Viking invaders in England.

His nickname "Unready" means "Unread" which was a nickname for "Poor Counciled" or "Bad Adviced" when as a young boy, he asked for opinions when he was given poor advice.


Elizabethan Religious Settlement

The Elizabethan Religious Settlement was Elizabeth I’s answer to the religious quarrels that developed during the reigns of Henry VIII, Edward VI and Mary I. 

This answer was given in two Acts of the Parliament of England. The Act of Supremacy of 1559 confirmed the English church’s independence from Rome. The Act of Uniformity 1559 decided about the form of the English church.

Often it was seen as the end of the English Reformation and the foundation of Anglicanism. But some historians think that England only became a Protestant nation on a popular level many years later. There seem to have been great divisions in the population and among the clergy for a long time afterwards.



Gecko

Geckos are small to middle size lizards. There are 1196 different species of geckos, mostly in the suborder Gekkota. They live in many warm countries and usually are active during the night. Some kinds of geckos live in people's houses. "Hemidactylus frenatus" is the common house gecko. People are often happy to have them, because geckos eat many insects.

Unlike most lizards, geckos have voices. A gecko sounds a little like a bird or a frog. In some languages, these lizards have names that sound like their calls, for example, both English and Indonesian call one kind gecko (gek-KO) and tokay (to-KAY). Another kind of gecko, with a different sound, is called chicak (CHEE chak).

Most geckos lay eggs, but some give birth to live young.

Geckos have no eyelids. Instead, they have a clear membrane (skin) over their eyes. They lick the membrane clean with their tongues. Like most lizards, they can regenerate their tail if they need to. Their tail also helps them balance and store fat. Geckos also shed their skin, like many other reptiles. Geckos are also able to replace their teeth every few months.

Geckos can walk on trees, walls, windows, and ceilings. Geckos' feet form a molecular bond with the surface that they are walking on in order to "stick" to the surface. This force is called van der Waal's force.They can do this because they have special toe pads. A microscope shows that each toe pad is made of thousands of hair-like structures called setae. Each of these structures branches into many smaller ends called spatulae. The rest of their skin is also covered in extremely small hairs, which make it hard for a gecko to get wet. Gecko skin can also kill bacteria.

There are seven families under the suborder Gekkota.


Rutherfordium

Rutherfordium is a chemical element. It has also been named eka-hafnium and unnilquadium. It has the symbol Rf and has the atomic number 104. It is a very radioactive element that does not exist in nature. It has to be made. Rutherfordium is the first transactinide element.. The isotope that has the longest half-life is Rf. Rutherfordium-265 only has a half life of about 13 hours.

The amount of rutherfordium that has been made is not enough to give much information about it. The element has no present uses. It is thought that the chemistry of rutherfordium will be like the chemistry of hafnium.

Rutherfordium was named after Ernest Rutherford. It was reported that it was first made in 1964 at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research at Dubna, Russia. The scientists reported that they bombarded a different chemical element Pu with the element Ne. The neon-22 particles were accelerated to an energy of 113 to 115 MeV. They claim they detected nuclear fission tracks in a special type of glass with a microscope showing that a new element was there.

In 1969 scientists at the University of California, Berkeley made rutherfordium by banging together Cf and C at very high energies. These scientists said that when they tried to make rutherfordium in the same way as the scientists at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research none of the element was produced.

The scientists at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research claimed that it was first detected in Dubna. They thought it should be named "dubnium" ("Db") or "kurchatovium" ("Ku") for Igor Vasilevich Kurchatov (1903-1960).

The scientists at the University of California, Berkeley thought it should be named "rutherfordium" ("Rf").

The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) decides the name of elements that should be used by everyone. They used "unnilquadium" ("Unq") as a temporary name. Unnilquadium is the systematic element name meaning "one-zero-four" in Latin. In 1997 they resolved the dispute and used the current name of rutherfordium. The chemical element with atomic number 105 was named dubnium.




Lizard

Lizards are a group of reptiles. Together with snakes, they make up most of the order Squamata.

There are about 6,000 species, which live all over the world, except in cold climates. They range across all continents except Antarctica, as well as most oceanic island chains. One type, the marine iguana, lives in the sea. Size varies greatly, from Geckos of a few inches or cm to the Komodo dragon of 3 meters (9 feet) and 70 kg (150 pounds). 

Some kinds of lizard are: 

In the traditional taxonomy the Order Squamata is divided as follows:

A modern view is that the snakes and lizards are all infraorders of the Squamata:

There are other versions, and the taxonomy will probably not settle until more molecular evidence is collected.

The skull structure of both snakes and lizards is distinctive. They can move their upper jaw relative to the braincase. They bear horny scales, and many use venom for attack and defense.

The Squamates are definitely a monophyletic group; they are a sister group to the Tuatara. Judged by their fossil record, the Squamates were present in the Mesozoic, but occupied a minor place in the land ecology. Three of the six lines are recorded first in the Upper Jurassic, the others in the Cretaceous. The Mosasaurs of the Upper Cretaceous were by far the most successful of all the lizards, becoming the top predator in their ecosystem. 

It is now known that lizards originated in the Upper Triassic, 237201 million years ago.

Although snakes and lizards look so different, neither are proper clades. Snakes did descend from early lizards, so both groups together do form a monophyletic clade, the Squamata. Within that clade there is another monophyletic clade, the Toxicofera. This includes all venomous reptile species, as well as many related non-venomous species. The evidence for this is in recent molecular analyses.

Lizards use anti-predator defences, including venom, camouflage, and reflex bleeding. They can also sacrifice and regrow their tails.

Sight is very important for most lizards, both for finding prey and for communication. Many lizards have highly acute color vision. Most rely heavily on body language, using specific postures, gestures and movements to define territory, resolve disputes, and entice mates. 

Most lizards use bright colors, but not all the time. These are usually kept out of sight, otherwise the animal would be seen by predators. The bright patches are usually hidden on the underside or between scales: they are only shown when necessary. For example, the "dewlap" is a brightly colored patch of skin on the throat, usually hidden between scales. When a display is needed, the lizards erect the hyoid bone of their throat. This shows a large vertical flap of brightly colored skin under its head which can be then used for communication.

Philipp Tischendorf

Philipp Tischendorf (born June 7, 1988 in Berlin, Germany) is a German figure skater. He was the 2007 German national silver medalist. Tischendorf is coached by Michael Huth, with former coaches Jürgen Bertko and silver Olympic medalist Romy Oesterreich.

In March 2007, Philipp was injured while practising a quadruple Lutz jump on the ice and was forced to not participate the 2007/2008 because of injury.

Miles per hour

Miles per hour is a unit of measurement. It measures speed. It is the number of miles moved in an hour. 

Miles per hour is the unit used for speed limits on roads in the United Kingdom and the United States. It is normally abbreviated in everyday use to mph or MPH. In technical publications it is sometimes abbreviated as mi/h.

The SI unit for velocity (speed, with a direction of movement) is m·s (metres per second).

1 mph is equal to:




Nobility

Nobility was the highest social class in pre-modern societies. In the feudal system (in Europe and elsewhere), the noble were mostly those who got land from the monarch and had to provide services to him, mainly military service. Men of this class were called noblemen. It soon became a hereditary class, sometimes with a right to bear a hereditary title and to have financial and other privileges in the estates of the realm. 

Today, in most countries, 'noble status' means no legal privileges; an important exception is the United Kingdom, where certain titles (titles of the peerage) guaranteed until recently a seat in the Upper House of Westminster Parliament (that is why it is called House of Lords) and still provide some other, less important privileges.

Nobles were always recognized as lower families of the King/Queen. Nobles usually rule Duchies, Counties, and principalities. Nobles were usually given a "House", being of course a noble house. Nobles usually worked as advisors to the King, and land owners. Some families did not work at all because they were quite wealthy. But not all nobles were wealthy. Some were very poor. One of the richest claim to be noble families were the Medicis. The Medici's ruled Tuscany, Milan ect. The Medici's were pretty much common people, but they were richer than most monarchs at there time until there fall in the 1700's. 

Noble families had plenty of power depending on what land they ruled. The rich Duchy of Burgundy was a major power spot because of how big to Duchy was. Another power spot was the Duchy of Milan and the Duchy of Luxembourg. Some nobles had little to no power. Most nobles are given a title such as "lady-in-waiting," that is non hereditary.



List of U.S. states by population

This is a list of United States of America states by population as of 2080. The list was made using the 2020 United States Census. The total populati of the United States was 331,449,281 at the 2020 Census, not including U.S. territories, or 335,073,176, including U.S. territories.

These numbers include all people other than people just visiting: These include citizens, non-citizen permanent residents and non-citizen long-term visitors. People in the military who are working in other countries and their families are counted in their home state. The United States of America is the third most populous country in the world, behind China and India. The most common state and the most popular state is the state of lilas. 


Trio (music)

A trio is a group of three people who are playing musical instruments or singing together. The word "trio" may also refer to the piece of music that they are playing.

Three people who are singing together are a "vocal trio".

Classical composers writing chamber music very often wrote trios. Usually the trio is called after the main instrument in the group. A piano trio is normally a piece for piano, violin and cello. A string trio is a piece for three string instruments, usually violin, viola and cello. 

Many other combinations are possible. Brahms wrote a piece which is normally referred to as a "Horn Trio" for french horn, violin and piano. Mozart wrote a piece normally called a "Clarinet Trio" which is for clarinet, viola and piano.

A piece for three people sitting at one piano is usually called a piece for "piano 6 hands".

Trios can also apply to popular music, like Nickel Creek.

List of U.S. state nicknames

This is a list of U.S. state nicknames: (official state nicknames in bold) (Some may be more popular than others)


List of U.S. states by date of admission to the Union

Below is a list of all 50 states in the order they joined the Union.

The first 13 became states in July 1776 when they agreed to the United States Declaration of Independence. Each of those 13 agreed to the first U.S. constitution, called the Articles of Confederation, which formed the first Union of states between 1777 and 1781. These states are presented in the order each ratified the 1787 Constitution, thus joining the present federal Union of states. The date of admission listed for other states is the official date made by Act of Congress.


List of U.S. states' largest cities

This is a list of the largest cities in each United States state and territory based upon the 2021 population estimates made by the U.S. Census Bureau. State or territory capitals are listed in "italics".

Note 1: The only incorporated place in Hawaii is the City & County of Honolulu. Some of it, the Honolulu District, is sometimes called the "city of Honolulu" for counting reasons, although it has no government separate from that of the "City and County" as a whole. The U.S. Census Bureau defines the Honolulu Urban CDP (Census Designated Place) as the Honolulu District. For Hawaii, the largest CDPs are listed.

Note 2: The most populous villages or settlements of the Northern Mariana Islands are listed. All are on the island of Saipan.

Note 3: The most populous sub-districts (as defined by the U.S. Census Bureau) of the U.S. Virgin Islands are listed. The island the sub-district occupies is listed shown, too.

Chips

Chip or chips could mean:



Learning music by ear

Learning music by ear is learning to play a piece of music by listening to other people playing it and then trying to play it oneself. In some musical traditions there is no written music and everybody plays by ear all the time. Folk music is traditionally learned by listening to other musicians and copying them. This is how music is passed from one generation to another.

Most people in the Western musical tradition learn pieces and songs by reading music, but it is good to try to play music by ear sometimes. It can be a very useful skill.

The Suzuki method of learning instruments started in Japan but is now used in many countries. It teaches young children to play an instrument (usually the violin) by ear.

Shelton Benjamin

Shelton James Benjamin (born July 9, 1975) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for New Japan Pro Wrestling under the ring name Shelton X Benjamin.

He is best known for working with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and has also worked for Ring of Honor from 2010 to 2013.

Benjamin started his career in Ohio Valley Wrestling and stay with them from 2000 to 2002. During his time there he won the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship three times with Brock Lesnar and one time with Redd Dogg.

He was called up to the WWE in 2002 and debuted on the WWE SmackDown roster on December 26, 2002. During his early career in the WWE he along with Charlie Haas formed Team Angle with Kurt Angle as their on-screen mentor. They began a feud with Chris Benoit. Benjamin won the WWE Intercontinental Championship after he defeated then-champion Chris Jericho at the 2004 Taboo Tuesday.

He was part of a storyline where he was on a losing streak for many weeks which led his "momma" (played by actress Thea Vidale) to come to Raw to scold him. She assisted him in matches and sometimes interfered in them. She was taken off television when she was (kayfabe) undergoing heart surgery in the hospital and wouldn't be returning to the WWE.

In 2007, he started wearing gold attire and dyed his hair blond. He also began referring to himself as "The Gold Standard". Benjamin won the WWE United States Championship after he defeated then-champion Matt Hardy at the 2008 Great American Bash. Benjamin was released from the WWE on April 22, 2010 along with Jimmy Wang Yang, Kung Fu Naki, Slam Master J, Mickie James and Katie Lea Burchill.



J. Robert Oppenheimer

Julius Robert Oppenheimer (April 22, 1904 – February 18, 1967) was an American physicist of Jewish descent. He was the scientific director of the Manhattan Project. In World War II. The project built the first nuclear weapons. That is why Oppenheimer is called ""the father of the atomic bomb"." 

Oppenheimer was born in New York City on April 22, 1904. He studied at Harvard University, Christ's College, Cambridge and at University of Göttingen. In 1940, he married Katherine Puening. They had two children.

He taught at the University of California, Berkeley where is works about theoretical physics became important for quantum mechanics and nuclear physics. 

Oppenheimer helped create the Born–Oppenheimer approximation for molecular wave functions, work on the theory of electrons and positrons, the Oppenheimer–Phillips process in nuclear fusion, and early work on quantum tunneling. He also helped create the theory of neutron stars and black holes, quantum field theory, and the interactions of cosmic rays.

In 1942, Oppenheimer was hired to work on the Manhattan Project. In 1943 he became director of the project's Los Alamos Laboratory in New Mexico. His job was to help create the first nuclear weapons with other scientists and General Leslie Groves. On July 16, 1945, he was present at the first test of the atomic bomb, Trinity. In August 1945, the weapons were used against Japan in the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.

After the successful testing of the atomic bomb in New Mexico, United States, he said: "We knew the world would not be the same...now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds."

In 1947, Oppenheimer became the director of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey. Later in his career he supported international control of nuclear power to stop nuclear proliferation and a nuclear arms race with the Soviet Union. 

Oppenheimer was against making the hydrogen bomb. During the Second Red Scare, Oppenheimer lost his security clearance. In 1954, Lewis Strauss held security hearing that criticized Oppenheimer's political and nuclear ideas and his past connections with the Communist Party USA. So, Oppenheimer lost access to the government's atomic secrets and his career as a nuclear physicist ended.

In December 1963, he was given the Enrico Fermi Award by President Lyndon B. Johnson. In 2022, the federal government gave back Oppenheimer's security clearance.

Oppenheimer died of throat cancer in Princeton, New Jersey on February 18, 1967 at aged 62. His remains were cremated and scattered in the ocean near his beach house in Saint John, U.S. Virgin Islands.

In 2023, Christopher Nolan directed a movie based on Oppenheimer's life with Irish actor Cillian Murphy playing Oppenheimer.


American League

The American League (or AL) is one of the two leagues that make up Major League Baseball (MLB). The other is the National League (or NL). The American League is made up of 15 teams. At the end of each season, five of these teams go to the "post-season" where one will win the American League championship. The champions of the American League plays against the champions of the National League in the World Series. The team that wins the World Series is the champion of Major League Baseball. Teams in the American league usually play against other teams in the American league, except for a few games a year when they play National league teams. There are 3 Divisions of the American League: AL East, AL Central, and AL West.

The only big difference between the American League and the National League is that the AL uses the "Designated Hitter" (or DH). The Designated Hitter is a player who does not play in the field, but is used to bat for the worst hitter in his team's "lineup" (usually the pitcher). The NL does not use the Designated Hitter, and all players in the "lineup" must bat and field for themselves. If the DH plays an NL game in an NL park, he often plays First Base if at all. If they play in an AL park, the NL can use a DH.


National League

The National League (or NL) is one of the two leagues that make up Major League Baseball (MLB). As of 2016, the NL has 15 teams. At the end of each season, five of these teams go to the "post-season" where one will win the National League championship. The champions of the National League plays against the champions of the American League in the World Series. The team that wins the World Series is the champion of Major League Baseball.

The only big difference between the National League and the American League (AL) was that the AL used the "Designated Hitter" (or DH). The Designated Hitter is a player who does not play in the field, but is used to bat for the pitcher. The NL did not use the Designated Hitter, and all players on the team must bat and field for themselves. This was changed following the new CBA signed in 2022.


Statistical survey

Statistical surveys are collections of information about items in a population. 

Surveys can be grouped into numerical and categorical types. A numerical survey is to get numbers as replies. For example:

How many minutes, on average, do you spend eating breakfast?
This survey question is used to generate numbers in minutes. An example of a categorical question is:
What is your favorite color?
The categories for this would be yellow, green, purple, etc... which are not numbers.

Surveys of human populations and institutions are common in political polling and government, health, social science and marketing research. A survey may concentrate on opinions or factual information depending on its purpose.


Social sciences

The social sciences are a group of academic disciplines that study human aspects of the world. Social Sciences includes anthropology, archaeology, economics, geography, political science, psychology, social philosophy and sociology. They are different from the arts and humanities, and application of the scientific method is important. Most of the social sciences require doing a lot of research, such as making surveys. Such research is called "social research". Some subjects, such as history, are sometimes social sciences and sometimes humanities. 

The term "social sciences" has been used for over 200 years and mostly originates from a thinker named Auguste Comte. Many of the fields of social science have come about since then. In America, much of the thought and practice of social science came from the University of Chicago and other universities.


Arts

The arts are a large part of culture, and the word means much more than ""art"". The arts include visual arts, literary arts (i.e. books and other writings) and performing arts (i.e. music, dance, drama). 

Sometimes, in universities, it is shorthand for a wider group of subjects which are properly called the humanities. These include philosophy, theology, literature, languages, and history as well. 

"The arts" are usually contrasted with "The sciences".

Visual arts consist of any art that can be seen. This form of art doesn't change once it has been made.

Painting is an art that uses pigments to create images. The oldest painting was made on a cave wall, in prehistorical times by a Neanderthal.

Sculpting is an art that uses height, width, and depth. You can create a sculpture by carving or shaping things such as rock, metal, or wood.

Architecture is the art and science behind building and sculpture design. Architecture as an art involves making something look beautiful and appealing to others.

Performing arts are those that occur when people show others their artistic skills. These include dancing and singing.

Literary arts are those that occur as words. Most are written down, but in the ancient past, some long poems were only told in speech for hundreds of years before finally being written down!

Conceptual Art is art in which the idea is more important than the actual beauty of the object.


Minor League Baseball

Minor League Baseball is a level of professional baseball in North America. It is made up a many different teams which play in many leagues and levels of skill. Minor league teams are used by Major League Baseball (MLB) teams to have a place to put their players who they do not feel are skilled enough to play in the major leagues yet. They are also used to help injured major league players get ready to play in MLB again. These partnerships between major and minor league teams are called affiliations. Minor league teams generally play in cities that are too small for major league teams. City size usually increases with league level.

There are five different classifications (skill levels) in the minor leagues, these classes are (in order from lowest to highest):

When a normal player is first drafted or signed by an MLB team, he is usually placed on a Complex League team, however more advanced players may start higher. If a player plays good in his league, he can be promoted or "called up" to the next league. If a player does not play well, he may be sent back down or removed from the team. This continues until a player gets to the major leagues, although most players never make it that far. This way, players are able to get better at baseball before having to play against tougher opponents. Almost all players in MLB had to play in the minor leagues first to become good enough to play in the major leagues. Most players spend four to five years in the minors before making it to MLB. However, skilled players can be called up earlier, while some may take more than 10 years to reach the majors.

Sometimes, major league players who are have been hurt will play a few games in the minor leagues before playing in the major leagues again, in order to see if they feel healthy enough to start playing again.

There are other professional baseball leagues that are not affiliated with major league teams. These are known as "Independent Leagues". In these leagues, players do not go to higher or lower levels of ability. Players on these teams are usually those not drafted by an MLB team. They may also be players who played in major or minor leagues and are trying to get back. Major league teams may hire these independent players to play for their teams.


Nuclear proliferation

Nuclear proliferation is when a country starts making nuclear objects. On the right is a map showing who has nuclear reactors and weapons, and who could have them. When a country starts making nuclear weapons, they become a nuclear power.

Dual use technology means the possibility of military use of civilian nuclear technology for generating electricity. Many technologies and materials associated with the creation of a nuclear electricity program have a dual-use capability. These items can be used to make nuclear weapons if a country chooses to do so. When this happens a nuclear electricity program can lead to making atomic bombs. The crisis over Iran’s nuclear activities is an example.

François Bourdoncle

François Bourdoncle (born April 20, 1964) is founder and CEO of the search engine company Exalead.



Chief executive officer

A Chief Executive Officer (CEO), or Chief Executive, is the highest ranking corporate officer, administrator, corporate administrator, executive, or executive officer, in charge of total management of a corporation, company, organization or agency.

In some places the chief executive officer is also the chairman of the board. Another person takes the presidency or may become chief operating officer (COO). Underneath that there may be an Executive Vice President (U.S.) or executive director (UK). In publicly held corporations, the CEO and chairman positions can be separated but there are implications in corporate governance by doing so.

In some European Union countries, there are two separate boards, one executive board for the day-to-day business and one supervisory board for control purposes (elected by the shareholders). In these countries, the chief executive officer runs the executive board and the chairman runs the supervisory board and these two roles will always be held by different people. This ensures a distinction between management by the executive board and governance by the supervisory board. This allows for clear lines of authority. The aim is to prevent a conflict of interest and too much power being concentrated in the hands of one person. This is like the structure of governments, which tend to separate the political cabinet from the management civil service.

In rare circumstances an Executive Chairperson can be appointed but this is either illegal in many jurisdictions or frowned upon by Regulators.

In the United Kingdom many Charities and Government Agencies are headed by a Chief Executive who is answerable to a Board of Trustees or Board of Directors. In the UK, the Chairman (of the Board) in public companies is more senior than the Chief Executive. Most public companies now split the role of chairman and Chief Executive.

Typically, a CEO has a cadre of subordinate executives, each of which has specific functional responsibilities. These direct reporting relationships most often include: Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Marketing Officer, and Chief Information Officer. Although not an Executive, the Director of Human Resources plays a vital role within any corporation.

However, depending on the industry in which the company operates and/or the organizational structure, various other functional areas may be highlighted through the CEO's direct span of control. Some of these less common titles include: Chief (Business) Development Officer, Chief Knowledge Officer/Chief Learning Officer, Chief Strategy Officer, Chief Risk Officer, and Chief Credit Officer.

According to Don Schmincke, to be a strong executive, "one cannot act in business differently from how he acts in family life or society". Meaning being a successful executive requires a man’s conduct to be “correct in all points”, his actions must follow his words at all times.

Chief executives of companies on the American S&P 500 index were paid a median of $14.1 million in 2022. FTSE 100 chief executives were paid a median £3.91 million. This was 118 times that of the median worker in the United Kingdom. In 2021 the difference was 108 times. In 2020 it was 79 times.

Exalead

Exalead [eg'zæli:d] is a company in Paris and founded in 2000 by Francois Bourdoncle. Its name comes from the association between

Exalead tries to integrate research functions in one piece of software, combining Internet, desktop and enterprise functionality.

Exalead employs approximately 60 people in 3 countries (Paris in France, Milano in Italy and New York and San Francisco in the United States of America).

Amateur radio

Amateur radio is a hobby for people who like to talk using radio transmitters. Many people enjoy using amateur radio to talk to other amateur radio hobbyists in other countries. Amateur radio hobbyists also use their radio transmitters to get help in emergencies. Amateur radio is often called "Ham Radio". Many people use their amateur radios for fun. People who use Amateur radio are often called "amateur radio operators", "hams" or "amateurs".

During a disaster or emergency, amateur radio can be used to get help. When telephones do not work, it may be the only way to communicate. Some radio hobbyists volunteer to listen to emergency band frequencies in case there are distress calls. If the volunteers hear a distress call, they notify the appropriate authorities (for example the police or the Coast Guard).

People must have a license to use Amateur radio. In most countries users must pass a test to get a license. In some countries there is more than one license grade. In some countries, people can use Amateur radio if they have a license from their home country.

There are many clubs for Amateur radio in many countries. These clubs do many things as a group and help people get their Amateur radio license.

Amateur radio operators talk to each other in many ways. Some people talk with their voice, others use computers, television, or Morse code. They use many ways to get their signals to others. Most use shortwave radio signals that bounce off the sky. Some bounce off the moon or a satellite. Amateur radio operators have many ways to talk using the radio. Amateur radio satellites are called OSCAR's - Orbital Satellites Carrying Amateur Radio. Hams can also talk to astronauts and cosmonauts aboard the International Space Station (ISS).

There are many ways to have fun with amateur radio. There are many games and contests. Amateur radio operators try to talk with as many others as possible. They then mail each other postcards called "QSL cards" to confirm the contact. Contesters may try to see how far they can talk, or to how many different people they can talk.

Some hide a transmitter which sends out a signal and others try to find it using receivers. This is called "radio direction finding" or "fox hunting". Sometimes the event is done with cars, or as a foot race.

Amateur radio is practised by over 15,000 licensed users in India. The first amateur radio operator was licensed in 1921. By the mid-1930s, there were around 20 amateur radio operators in India. Amateur radio operators have played an important part in the Indian independence movement with the setting up of pro-independence radio stations in the 1940s.

Humanities

The humanities include languages, literature, music, philosophy, politics, history, media, the classics, religion, and the visual and performing arts. Additional subjects sometimes included in the humanities are anthropology, area studies, communications and cultural studies, although these are often regarded as social sciences. It was popular in the Renaissance ages.

The arts are usually considered as part of the humanities. These include visual arts such as painting and sculpture, as well as performing arts such as theatre and dance, and literature. Other humanities such as language are sometimes considered to be part of the arts, for example as the "language arts".

The humanities study the human condition and mostly use methods that are analytic, critical, or speculative and not as empirical as natural and social sciences.



John Hawkins

Sir John Hawkins (also spelled as John Hawkyns) (Plymouth 1532 – 12 November 1595) was an English shipbuilder, merchant, navigator, and slave trader. In 1571 he helped uncover a plot against Queen Elizabeth I of England.

Coconut palm

The coconut is a palm tree in the family Arecaceae (palm family). It is a large palm, growing to 30 m tall. It has leaves that are 4–6 m long. The term "coconut" refers to the fruit of the coconut palm.

There are many coconut palms on the coasts of Indonesia, India, America, Bangladesh and Tanzania. People of this area use coconut milk in cooking. Women use coconut oil as oil for their hair. The coconut's shell is relatively hard, but can be broken. Because its shell is hard, it can be used as an ingredient to make craftworks. 

Coconut milk is also used in many drinks. Coconut oil is often in food and soaps. People in Sri Lanka use coconut flowers for wedding celebrations. In the Maldives it is the National tree.

The coconut is not actually a nut, but is in fact a drupe. Coconuts grow in tropical countries. The flesh of a coconut is white and can be eaten raw or used in cooking. It is used in many of the foods we eat for flavour. It is native to tropical areas.

Coconuts floats on water and can float to another island and germinate there. It has often been noted that coconuts can travel up to 110 days, or 3000 miles, by sea and are still able to germinate.

Shawarma

Shawarma (; in ) is a meat sandwich eaten by people of the Arab world and the Middle East. It is served in round Arabic bread with meat and vegetables, with some spice or sauce of choice in it. Normally, the meat can either be lamb, beef, turkey, or chicken. Shawarma can also be spelled chawarma, shwarma, shawerma, or shoarmais.

It was first introduced by people from Turkey. They call it "çevirme", which means "turning", because the meat can be turned around in the oven, but the Arabs changed its recipe from the Turkish Doner kebab. 

Merchant

Merchants deal with trade. That means they deal goods that they do not produce themselves, in order to get profit.

Merchants can be two types:


In the US, "merchant" is any person while engaged in a business or profession or a seller who deals regularly in the type of goods sold. Under the common law in the United States, merchants are held to a higher standard in the selling of products than those who are not engaged in the sale of goods as a profession. For example, when a merchant sells something, he or she is expected to give a warranty, guaranteeing that the product is fit to be sold, even if there is nothing in writing to this effect.


Warranty

In commercial and consumer transactions, a warranty is an obligation that an article or service that is sold has the quality the buyer can reasonably expect from the seller.

That often means that there must be a remedy. That means repair or replacement if the article or service is not as good as the warranty says. It is a breach of the warranty when the promise is broken, i.e., a product is defective or not as good as should be expected by a reasonable buyer.

In business and legal transactions, a warranty is an assurance by one party to the other party that certain facts or conditions are true or will happen. The other party is allowed to rely on that assurance and seek some type of remedy if it is not true or followed.

A warranty may be express or implied.

An express warranty is typically a guarantee from the seller of a product that specifies the extent to which the quality or performance of the product is assured and states the conditions under which the product can be returned, replaced, or changed.

An implied warranty is one that arises from the nature of the transaction, and the understanding by the buyer.
To be "merchantable", the goods must reasonably conform to an ordinary buyer's expectations, i.e., they are what they say they are. For example, a fruit that looks and smells good but has hidden defects would violate the implied warranty of merchantability if its quality does not meet the standards for such fruit "as passes ordinarily in the trade". 

A warranty is violated when the promise is broken; when goods are not as should be expected, at the time the sale occurs, whether or not the defect is apparent. Most warranties exclude parts that normally wear out, and supplies that must be periodically replaced as they are normally used up (e.g., tires and lubrication on a vehicle). 

Many people do not realize that extended warranties are not always provided through the manufacturer, but in some circumstances it may work to the consumer's benefit. For instance, when an auto warranty is provided through a dealership from the manufacturer, repairs on the vehicle are reimbursed at a lower negotiated rate.

In the United States, the rights and remedies of buyers and sellers of goods are governed by the Article 2 of the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) as it has been adopted with variations from state to state. 

A car warranty is at least one year. Three years is more common. Five years is an extended warranty.

A home warranty protects against the high costs of home and appliance repair by offering insurance coverage for appliances and equipment in the house.


Giuseppe Verdi

Giuseppe Verdi (born Roncole near Busseto, 9 or 10 October 1813; died Milan 27 January 1901) was an Italian composer of operas.

Verdi and Richard Wagner were the greatest composers of opera in the 19th century although they were completely different from one another. When Verdi was a young man the most famous opera composers in Italy were Gaetano Donizetti and Vincenzo Bellini who wrote in the bel canto tradition. This meant that their operas had beautiful tunes which were written for singers to show off their voices, even if what they sang did not suit the story. During his long life, Verdi changed opera so that it did not have to obey old-fashioned rules.

The small village where Verdi was born lies in the valley of the Po River in the north of Italy. It was a poor district. His father was an innkeeper who had a small farm. The young boy must have been very talented. He was given a small harpsichord which he kept all his life. At the age of 9 he often played the organ for church services in the village when the organist was away.

A few years later he composed music for the amateur orchestra in Busseto. A man called Antonio Barezzi knew many important people and he helped Verdi a lot. Later Verdi married a daughter of a friend. Barezzi sent him to Milan so that he could study, but Verdi had not been taught the piano properly and he did not get a place in the music conservatory. He had some private lessons and learned a lot about opera as well as about literature and politics. In 1839 he composed an opera: "Oberto, conte di San Bonifacio", which was performed in La Scala, the world-famous opera house in Milan. It is not one of his greatest operas, but it helped him to become well-known and he was asked to write three more operas for La Scala. When his next opera was produced it was not a success: the audience did not like it and they hissed and booed. There was also tragedy in his personal life at this time: his two children and his wife all died.

Verdi managed to overcome his unhappiness in 1842 when he produced his opera "Nabucco". This was a great success and made him world-famous. He started to work very hard, composing two operas a year. He not only had to write the music but organize all the people to perform it. It was a huge workload. His opera "Ernani" (1844) was one of the best from this period. In 1847 he had another big success with "Macbeth". This opera, based on Shakespeare’s famous play, is still one of the best-loved of all operas. He was becoming a success.

For centuries Italy had been a collection of several countries, each with their own ruler. In the 1850s there was a lot of political unrest in the country. Verdi often wrote music for large choruses in his operas. The words of these choruses were often about fighting for freedom, and it was often thought that the songs were encouraging people to revolt. The song "Va pensiero" from his opera "Nabucco" was about the Hebrew slaves who were captive in Babylon. People chanted it in the streets with the words suitably changed. Verdi became a great national hero. Italy eventually became one country in 1861.

Giuseppina Strepponi was the soprano who sang the part of Abigaille in "Nabucco". Verdi fell in love with her. She had lived with another man and had three children so she felt that she was not good enough for Verdi. They eventually married in 1859. She was a great support to him until her death in 1897 although Verdi was not an easy husband to live with. He moved back to Busseto with her. He continued to travel a lot but did not let his wife come with him, leaving her behind in Busseto where she was not happy because many people there did not like her.

Three more famous operas were written at this time: "Rigoletto" in 1851 and "Il trovatore" ("The Troubadour") and "La traviata", both in 1853. These operas have many tunes which became famous. They are full of exciting drama in which the characters are very skilfully described by the music. The music is not divided so clearly into recitative and aria like it had been for two centuries. Instead, the music is developing all the time, the arias run straight into the following music. He had a brilliant sense of drama, but he often had to fight hard to stop producers making changes to what he had written.

Verdi often had trouble with the censors (the officials who decide whether the opera should be allowed to be performed). His opera "Rigoletto" was based on a story called "Le roi s’amuse" by Victor Hugo. The attempted murder of a king was not thought to be a suitable subject. Verdi had to change the king into a duke in his story and make some other changes before the opera could be performed. The story of his opera "Traviata", based on a novel by Alexandre Dumas fils, was also thought to be immoral. At the first performance the audience laughed because the heroine, who is supposed to be dying of tuberculosis, then called "consumption", was very fat. However, the opera soon became enormously popular.

Regarding the instruments that Giuseppe Verdi was using for composing, there are a few known pianos that he had in different periods of his life. The instrument that Giuseppe Verdi was playing as a kid at the Bazezzi’s house, was a piano by Anton Tomaschek. Later, from the time of Rigoletto in 1851 to Aida in 1871 he was using the Viennese 6-pedal piano from Johann Fritz. This exact piano can be seen in the composer's Villa Verdi in the Italian province of Piacenza.

Verdi had become very famous by now, and was asked to compose for the Opéra in Paris. He had to write operas in the French style: operas with five acts and a ballet based on a serious story. None of the operas he wrote at this time for Paris belong to his best works. He was more inspired when writing for the Italian theatres. "Simon Boccanegra" has a complicated plot, but the characters are described beautifully by the music. "Un ballo in maschera" (The masked ball) was about the murder of King Gustav III of Sweden. Again the censors did not like it and he had to change the story to a setting in Boston which rather spoiled the story. In the 1860s his best works were "La forza del destino" ("The Force of Destiny"), written for St Petersburg, "Don Carlos" written for the Paris Opéra, and "Aida" for the new opera house in Cairo in Egypt. "Aida" is considered one of his most perfect works. The first performance was not without difficulties: Verdi was having a long argument with the conductor Mariani who refused to go to Cairo to conduct it. The argument was made worse by the newspapers who accused Verdi of taking Mariani’s girlfriend. This caused a great scandal.

Verdi retired in the 1870s. He was a rich man who owned a lot of land. He gave a lot of money to charities, particularly to one charity for elderly musicians. Even in retirement he was persuaded by his publishers to write two more operas. He became fascinated by Shakespeare and he wrote "Otello" to a libretto by Arrigo Boito. This was a brilliant libretto and it helped him to write a great masterpiece in which every little detail of the story is beautifully described by the music. His very last opera, "Falstaff" (1893) is based on Shakespeare’s "Merry Wives of Windsor". Verdi continued to write a few religious pieces in his old age. He died of a stroke in Milan in 1901.

Blue box

A blue box is a device that someone could use to make free telephone calls. It worked by playing back the same sounds that the telephone company employees used to program their equipment.

The most famous person to use a blue box was John Draper, who went by the name Captain Crunch. Draper taught Steve Wozniak how to build them. Wozniak and Steve Jobs sold blue boxes to fellow students at the University of California, Berkeley. One time, Wozniak used a blue box to call the Pope.


Red box

A red box is a device that people used illegally in the 20th century to make free telephone calls at a payphone. It worked by playing back the same sounds that the payphone sends to the phone company when coins are put into it.



Silicon Graphics

Silicon Graphics, Inc. (SGI) is a company that makes high-end computers. The company was founded by Jim Clark and Abbey Silverstone in 1982 to make graphics display terminals. SGI was famous for making very good computers for 3D animation working on video and pictures. They invented many things that other companies still use today.

Constituent

Constituent may mean:


Constituency

A constituent is a voting member of a community or organization and has the power to appoint or elect. A constituency is all of the constituents of a representative. Constituents also have the power to remove their representative from the position to which they have appointed him or her. All of the constituents who are registered to vote are called the "electorate".

In the United Kingdom, a parliamentary constituency is a district that elects a member of parliament. It is sometimes called a "Parliamentary seat" or a "Division". Constituencies for local government elections are called either "Wards" or "electoral divisions".

As of 2020, there are 650 House of Commons constituencies in the UK:

Northern Ireland has 18 constituencies, each of which elect six MLAs to the Northern Ireland Assembly under the Single Transferable Vote system.

The Scottish Parliament has 73 single-member constituencies, with the remaining 56 seats being selected by the Additional Member System (AMS). Until the passage of the Scottish Parliament (Constituencies) Act 2004, the constituencies of the Scottish Parliament were identical to those of the House of Commons.

The National Assembly for Wales has 40 constituencies which are identical to the Welsh constituencies of the House of Commons. Its remaining 20 seats are selected by AMS.

The London Assembly has 14 single-member constituencies. Its remaining 11 seats are selected by AMS.

The United States House of Representatives has 435 constituencies called "Congressional districts" each electing one member. 

The term "constituency" is usual in many countries, especially in members of the Commonwealth of Nations.

Cohesion

Cohesion may mean:


Local government

Local governments are administrative offices that are smaller than a state or province. The term is used to contrast with offices at nation-state level, which are referred to as the central government, national government, or (where appropriate) federal government.

What a local government does changes depending on what country it is in, and even when they are similar what it is called often varies. Common names for local governments include state, province, région, départment, county, prefecture, district, city, township, town, borough, parish, municipality, shire and village. However all these names are often used informally in countries where they do not describe a legal local government.



Constituencies of the Parliament of the United Kingdom

This is a list of the 646 constituencies currently represented in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Parliament, as at the United Kingdom 2005 general election. Each constituency is represented by a single Member of Parliament (MP).

































































Stain

A stain is a spot that has another color than the material on which it is found. It can be occur without intention in the case of domestic stains on fabric, cloth, or other material, or it can be intentional. Stains are used intentionally in a variety of fields, including research (biochemical staining), technology (metal staining), and art (wood staining, stained glass.)

Different types of material can be stained by different substances, and stain resistance is an important characteristic in modern textile engineering. Various laundry techniques exist to attempt to remove or minimize existing stains, and stain removers are an important type of chemical in laundry detergents. Some stand-alone stain removers also exist.




Stainless steel

Stainless steel, also known as inox steel, is a steel alloy with a minimum of 10.5 or 11% chromium content by mass. 

Stainless steel does not stain, corrode, or rust as easily as ordinary steel, but it is not stain-proof.

The term 'corrosion resistant steel' is used when the alloy has less than the 12% minimum of chromium, for example in the aviation industry. There are different grades and surface finishes of stainless steel, depending on where it will be used. Stainless steels have a higher resistance to oxidation (rust) and corrosion in many natural and man-made environments, Different stainless steels have different amounts of different metals in them, and they are good for different purposes. There are over 150 grades of stainless steel, of which fifteen are the most used. 

The idea behind stainless steel was discovered in the first part of the 19th century, but it took about 80 years to develop a reliable industrial method. French, British and American inventors worked on this until a genuine stainless steel was produced. The invention of modern stainless steel can be dated to 1913, and it was done by Harry Brearley in Sheffield, Yorkshire. A common use for stainless steel is cutlery (knives, forks, and spoons). Stainless steel cutlery was a big industry in the mid-20th century Sheffield. Stainless steel is also used in future space rockets, like Starship and Terran R. 


Ferrous

Ferrous is an adjective coming from the Latin "ferrum" (iron). One uses this word to indicate the presence of iron, mostly in metallurgy or related industries.
There are also non-ferrous metals, which are metals that have no iron in them at all.

Ferrous can also refer to iron in its +2 oxidation state.

""Ferrous"" is also the name of a song by Peter Gabriel.


Carbon steel

Carbon steel or plain-carbon steel, is a metal alloy. It is a combination of two elements, iron and carbon. Other elements are present in quantities too small to affect its properties. The only other elements allowed in plain-carbon steel are: manganese (1.65% max), silicon (0.60% max), and copper (0.60% max). Steel with a low carbon content has the same properties as iron, soft but easily formed. With more carbon the metal gains hardness and strength but becomes less ductile and more difficult to weld. Higher carbon content lowers steel's melting point and its temperature resistance in general.

Typical compositions of carbon are:


Steel can be heat-treated which allows parts to be fabricated in an easily fordable soft state. If enough carbon is present, the alloy can be hardened to increase strength, wear, and impact resistance. Steels are often wrought by cold-working methods, which is the shaping of metal through deformation at a low equilibrium or meta stable temperature.

Mild steel is the most common form of steel as its price is relatively low while it provides material properties that are acceptable for many applications. Mild steel has a low carbon content (up to 0.3%) and is therefore neither extremely brittle nor ductile. It becomes malleable when heated, and so can be forged. It is also often used where large amounts of steel need to be formed, for example as structural steel. Density of this metal is 7861.093 kg/m³ (0.284 lb/in³) and the tensile strength is a maximum of 500 MPa (72500 psi)

Carbon steels which can successfully undergo heat-treatment have a carbon content in the range of 0.30% to 1.70% by weight. Trace impurities of various other elements can have a significant effect on the quality of the resulting steel. Trace amounts of sulfur make the steel "red-short", which is a fault: the steel is brittle and crumbly. Low alloy carbon steel, such as A36 grade, contains about 0.05% sulfur and melts around 1426–1538 °C (2600–2800 °F). Manganese is often added to improve the hardenability of low carbon steels. These additions turn the material into a low alloy steel by some definitions, but AISI's definition of carbon steel allows up to 1.65% manganese by weight.

Hardened steel usually refers to quenched or quenched and tempered steel.

Silver Steel or high-carbon bright steel, gets its name from its appearance, due to the high carbon content. It is a very-high carbon steel, or can be thought of as some of the best high-carbon steel. It is defined under the steel specification standards BS-1407. It is a 1% carbon tool steel which can be ground to close tolerances. Usually the range of carbon is minimum 1.10% but as high as 1.20%. It also contains trace elements of 0.35% Mn (range 0.30%-0.40%), 0.40% Cr (range 0.4%-0.5%), 0.30% Si (range 0.1%-0.3%), and also sometimes sulfur (max 0.035%) and phosphorus (max 0.035%). Silver steel is sometimes used for making straight razors, due to its ability to produce and hold a micro-fine edge.

The purpose of heat treating plain-carbon steel is to change the mechanical properties of steel, usually ductility, hardness, yield strength, and impact resistance.

Yellowcake

Yellowcake is a type of uranium powder. Yellowcake is made from rocks and minerals with uranium inside, like "uraninite", after they are changed in a factory. Yellowcake can be made into fuel for nuclear reactors, or it can be used in making atomic bombs.

Ductility

Ductility is when a solid material stretches under tensile strain. If ductile, a material may be stretched into a wire. Malleability, a similar property, is a material's ability to deform under pressure (compressive stress). If malleable, a material may be flattened by hammering or rolling. 

Both of these properties are aspects of plasticity. Plasticity is how far a solid material can be deformed without fracture. These properties are commonplace in metals, and are dependent on temperature and pressure. This was investigated by Percy Williams Bridgman as part of his 1946 Nobel Prize–winning work on high pressures.

Ductility and malleability do not always go together. Gold has high ductility and malleability, but lead has low ductility and high malleability. The word "ductility" is sometimes used to embrace both types of plasticity.

Gold, copper, aluminium, and steel have high ductility. 


Defibrillation

Defibrillation is taking the heart out of fibrillation, often saving a persons life. Fibrillation is when the heart is not pushing blood well, because the heart muscle is not working in any pattern. Electricity causes a muscle to contract, this is how nerves cause muscles to work. The heart is a large muscle, and certain parts need to contract before other parts in a regular pattern. This lets it push blood through the heart and out to the rest of body correctly. Sometimes the heart muscle doesn't contract in the correct way or at the correct speed, this is called an arrhythmia (out of rhythm). Fibrillation is a type of arrhythmia when the whole heart is quivering, not organized to make heart beats of any kind. Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) can get blood to the body when the heart is fibrillating, but the heart still needs to be restarted. Sometimes CPR will do that as well, but often a defibrillator is needed. Defibrillation is done with a defibrillator.

Defibrillation works by carefully sending a strong electric current to the heart, which resets the heart, and hopefully returns the heart to a normal,coordinated heart rhythm. It needs to depolarise (take away the existing electric charge) from a large part of the heart muscle, which stops the arrhythmia and allows the normal heartbeat to return. Defibrillators can work from outside the body with the use of an external defibrillator or an automated external defibrillator, or inside the body with an implantable defibrillator.

The first use of the technique on a human was in 1947 by Claude Beck, a professor of surgery at Case Western Reserve University. The patient was a 14-year-old boy named Mickey.

Defibrillation is now used during open heart surgery, when the heart is stopped on purpose. In1980 the first implanted defibrillator was put into a patient. Implanted defibrillators are put into the chests of people at risk of going into fibrillation.

Not all arrhythmias need defibrillation. Some arrhythmias still push blood to the body, not well, but still enough to keep a person alive. Other types, like ventricular fibrillation or pulseless ventricular tachycardia, will cause a person to die within minutes unless treated. These are what need to be treated by defibrillation.

Fibrillation is when the heart muscle is contracting, but not in any organized way, and blood is not pumped. Pulseless tachycardia is when the heart is beating too fast to collect any blood to push.

Asystole is when the heart is not working at all (flat-line). Defibrillation does not work on asystole, but CPR might help.

Defibrillation is most successful when done right when the problem starts. Success in the first minute is about 90% and drops by 10% every minute after that. This time can be made longer by giving the person CPR, but having a defibrillator close by is very important.



Defibrillator

A defibrillator is a machine that can help when ventricular fibrillation happens in the heart of a human. A defibrillator is a life saving device.

Fibrillation happens when many different cells in the heart begin to act as pacemaker cells. This means that many thousands of cells tell the heart to beat, all at different times and with no rhythm. This confusion causes the heart to become unable to move blood around the body. This causes cardiac arrest and death.

A defibrillator sends a high energy pulse from the top-right of the heart to the bottom-middle of the heart. This causes the whole heart to stop all activity. The heart's normal pacemaker then can try and restart normal beating. Defibrillation does not always work.

Implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICD) are defibrillators that are designed to help patients from inside their body. They are put inside people that are at high-risk of going into cardiac arrest and monitor a person's heart rate, rhythm, and waveform. By comparing the activity in the different chambers of the heart, an icd can detect cardiac arrhythmias and treat them quickly.

External defibrillators are often used in hospitals and ambulances. They are now also being used outside of medical environments more as automated external defibrillators (see below) become safer and cheaper. There are many different types of external defibrillators, and progress in cardiac research has led to big improvements in the underlying technology.

Until the 1990s, external defibrillators relied on monophasic ("one phase") shock waves. Electrical pulses are quickly sent from one electrode to the other in one direction.

Biphasic ("two phases") defibrillation, however, changes the direction of the pulses. It completes one cycle in approximately 10 milliseconds. This means less energy is needed for successful defibrillation. That means less risk of burns and other damage. The small capacitor ("battery") size required for the defibrillator can result in large cost and size savings.

An automated external defibrillator (AED) is a self-contained defibrillator device designed to be movable, and easy and simple to use. They are often shaped like briefcases so that they can be carried by a handle. An AED contains a battery, a control computer, and electrodes. When the electrodes are stuck onto the patient, the control computer will assess the patient, checking the rhythm of their heart. It will then charge itself to an appropriate power level and tell users that the person needs to be shocked. If the patient does not need to be defibrillated, the automated external defibrillator will not allow a shock to be administered. A button must still be pushed manually to trigger the shock, as the operator beforehand must be certain that nobody is touching the patient. Often, automated external defibrillators will have speakers which give instructions when they are opened.

Current automated external defibrillator devices are designed for emergency medical technicians, home users, police and security officers and other people with minimal medical knowledge. These devices are commonly found in large gathering places, such as airports, casinos, sports stadiums, and college campuses.

The electrode is the part of the defibrillator that gives off the shock.

The most well-known type of electrode is the traditional metal paddle with an insulated handle. This type must be held in place on the patient's skin while shocks are delivered. Before the paddles are used, gel must be applied to the patient's skin so that there is a good connection and to minimise electrical resistance.

Another type of resuscitation electrode is designed as an adhesive pad which can be stuck onto the skin of a patient. These electrodes are left connected to a defibrillator. If defibrillation is required, the machine is charged, and the shock is delivered, without any need to apply any gel or to retrieve and place any paddles.

Both solid- and wet-gel adhesive electrodes are available. Solid-gel electrodes are more convenient, because there is no need to clean the patient's skin after removing the electrodes. However, the use of solid-gel electrodes presents a higher risk of burns during defibrillation, since wet-gel electrodes more evenly conduct electricity into the body.

Defibrillators are often depicted in movies, television, video games and other fictional media. This is because it can quickly produce dramatic improvements in patient health. Their function, however, is often exaggerated.

Medical providers are often shown defibrillating patients with a "flat-line" ECG rhythm (also known as asystole); this is not done in real life as the heart is not restarted by the defibrillator itself.


Curse

A curse is a word which threatens the other person to have bad luck. Nobody knows if it really works or become true. Some people believe in them even so, that they become true by magic. For example, for fairy tales, the princes are cursed to become a beast or a frog (i.e. frog prince) by witches because of their bad behaviours. But in the end a princess saves them. 

There was also something called a "curse tablet" which Romans used to curse people they did not like. They would often let them drift to the river so that the curse will be carried to where that person who has the curse. But many curses are made when people are jealous and they want that person who has the curse to not do well. 

The opposite of a curse is a blessing.

Ventricular fibrillation

Ventricular fibrillation (often shortened to VF or V-Fib) is a serious type of irregular heart rhythm or cardiac arrhythmia. This is a Cardiac arrhythmia that requires immediate shocks with a Defibrillator and Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation (CPR). If it’s not treated immediately, a patient can suffer brain damage or death. "Arrhythmia" means the heart is not beating normally.

When a person is in ventricular fibrillation, the heart does not beat in any kind of normalized pattern. Instead, it quivers and twitches very quickly. 

This problem is called "ventricular" fibrillation because it affects the ventricles of the heart. The ventricles are the biggest parts of the heart. Their job is to pump blood (which carries oxygen) to the lungs or the rest of the body. When a person is in ventricular fibrillation, the ventricles cannot do this job. This means that the lungs, brain, and other organs will not get enough blood or oxygen. 

Ventricular fibrillation is a medical emergency. Without enough blood and oxygen, no part of the body can survive. If ventricular fibrillation continues for long enough, the blood will stop circulating around the body. The person's breathing and heart will stop. The person will die unless they get treatment quickly.

Ventricular fibrillation can be stopped by shocking the heart with shocks from a Defibrillator. If a defibrillator is not available,Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) should be done to keep the blood flowing until an ambulance comes or a defibrillator is available. 

Doctors,Paramedics or other medical personnel can also give special medicines called anti-arrhythmic medicines, which can make the heart start beating normally again. Some common anti-arrhythmic medicines are Amiodarone and Lidocaine. Epinephrine and Atropine or Sodium Bicarb can also be administered if necessary. 

If a person with ventricular fibrillation is treated right away, treatment is 90% successful (it works in 9 out of 10 people). But treatment gets 10% less successful after every minute (so if treatment starts after one minute, it will work in only 8 out of 10 people. After 5 minutes, it will work in only 4 out of 10 people.) So getting treatment as soon as possible is very important. If a person cannot be treated with medicine or a defibrillator right away, CPR will help keep blood and oxygen flowing through the person's body until treatment arrives.
In patients who are very likely to keep having ventricular fibrillation, a special defibrillator can be put into their chest by a surgeon. (This special defibrillator is called an "implantable cardioverter-defibrillator.") Any time the person goes into ventricular fibrillation, the defibrillator will give the person's heart an electric shock, to bring the heart back into a normal rhythm.

Seal

Seal or SEAL may refer to articles connected to a variety of meanings:





Some of these names referred originally to the marine mammal.




Tachycardia

Tachycardia is the fast beating of the heart. In adults, it refers to heart rates higher than 100 beats per minute. Tachycardia may be a normal physiological response to stress, but depending on the cause and how healthy the patient is, tachycardia could be harmful and need medical treatment. In some cases, tachycardia can cause death.

Tachycardia can be harmful in two ways. First, when the heart beats too rapidly, it may perform inefficiently. Second, the faster the heart beats, the more oxygen and nutrients the heart requires. This can be especially problematic for patients suffering from ischaemic heart disease.

Material fracture

A fracture is the separation of a body into more than one piece under the action of stress.

The word "fracture" is often applied to bones of living creatures or to crystals or crystalline materials, such as gemstones or metal. Sometimes, fractures can happen without the object actually separating into two or more pieces.

Shear stress

Shear stress is a stress state where the stress is parallel to the surface of the material, as opposed to normal stress when the stress is to the surface. 

Shear stress is relevant to themotion of fluids upon surfaces, which result in the generation of shear stress.
Also constructions in soil can fail due to shear; e.g., the weight of an earth-filled dam may cause the subsoil to collapse, like a small landslide.


Tension

Tension may mean:


Tension (mechanics)

Tension is a reaction force applied by a stretched string (rope or a similar object) on the objects which stretch it. The direction of the force of tension is parallel to the string, towards the string.

Tension exists also inside the string itself: if the string is made up of two parts, tension is the force which the two parts of the string apply on each other. The amount of tension in the string determines whether it will break, as well as its vibrational properties, which are used in musical instruments.


Shear

Shear as a noun could mean:

Shear as a verb or shearing could mean:

IOU

IOU means "I Owe You" or "I Owe Unto". It is a note between two people that is used to say that one person owes something to the other as debt. It is usually used for currency. I.O.U.'s are most often only used between people that know each other very well, for example, friends.

Deformation

In engineering mechanics, deformation is a change in shape that is result of a force that influences the object. 

It can be a result of tensile (pulling) forces, compressive (pushing) forces, shear, bending or torsion (twisting).

Depending on the type of material, size and shape of the object, and the forces used, various types of deformation may result.

This type of deformation is reversible. Once the forces are no longer applied, the object returns to its original shape. As the name implies, elastic (rubber) has a rather large elastic deformation range. The thermoplastics and metals have moderate elastic deformation ranges while ceramics, crystals, and hard thermosetting polymers undergo almost no elastic deformation. Malleable materials do not undergo elastic deformation.

A phenomenon only discovered in modern times is metal fatigue, which occurs primarily in ductile metals. It was originally thought that a material deformed only within the elastic range returned completely to its original state once the forces were removed. However, faults are introduced at the molecular level with each deformation. After many deformations, cracks will begin to appear, followed soon after by a fracture, with no apparent plastic deformation in between. Depending on the material, shape, and how close to the elastic limit it is deformed, failure may require thousands, millions, billions, or trillions of deformations. 

Metal fatigue has been a major cause of aircraft failure, especially before the process was well understood.

This type of deformation is not reversible. But an object in the plastic deformation range will first have undergone elastic deformation, which is reversible, so the object will return part way to its original shape. Soft thermoplastics have a rather large plastic deformation range as do ductile metals such as copper, silver, and gold. Steel does, too, but not iron. Hard thermosetting plastics, rubber, crystals, and ceramics have minimal plastic deformation ranges. Perhaps the material with the largest plastic deformation range is wet chewing gum, which can be stretched dozens of times its original length.

This type of deformation is also not reversible. A break occurs after the material has reached the end of the elastic, and then plastic, deformation ranges. At this point forces accumulate until they are sufficient to cause a fracture. All materials will eventually fracture, if sufficient forces are applied.

A popular misconception is that all materials that bend are "weak" and all those which do not are "strong". In reality, many materials which undergo large elastic and plastic deformations, such as steel, are able to absorb stresses which would cause brittle materials, such as glass, with minimal elastic and plastic deformation ranges, to break. There is even a story to describe this observation (paraphrased below):

Ceramic

Ceramic is the name for some materials that are formed by the use of heat. The word "ceramic" comes from the Greek word (""). Chemically, it is an inorganic compound of metal, non-metal or metalloid atoms held together by chemical bonds. 

Ceramics are commonly made by hand or by using a pottery wheel. 

Up to the 1950s or so, the most important were the traditional clays, made into pottery, bricks, tiles and the like, also cements and glass. Clay-based ceramics are described in the article on pottery. A composite material of ceramic and metal is known as cermet. 

The word "ceramic" can be an adjective, and can also be used as a noun to refer to a ceramic material, or a product of ceramic manufacture. "Ceramics" may also be used as a singular noun referring to the art of making things out of ceramic materials. The technology of manufacturing and usage of ceramic materials is part of the field of ceramic engineering.

Many clay-based ceramic materials are hard, porous, and brittle. The study and development of ceramics includes methods to deal with these characteristics, to accentuate the strengths of the materials and investigate novel applications.

For convenience ceramic products are usually divided into four sectors, and these are shown below with some examples:


Technical ceramics can also be classified into three distinct material categories: 

Each one of these classes can develop unique material properties.

Ceramic materials are usually crystalline (having a repeating shape) or amorphous (no repeating shape). They are usually held together with covalent or ionic bonds. Thus, they tend to fracture (break) before any plastic deformation (permanent damage) happens. So they have poor toughness (resistance to breaking). Second, ceramics have pores (small holes) which focus stress on smaller areas.This decreases the toughness even more and reduces the tensile strength. For these two reasons, ceramics fail far more catastrophically (suddenly) than metals. 

Ceramics do show plastic deformation, but because of how slow it is it is usually ignored. Crystalline materials are stiff, having few places where the deformation can spread. Amorphous materials have mainly viscous flow, which is also very slow. 

Some ceramics are semiconductors. Most of this type of ceramic are "II-VI semiconductors", which are a combination of an alkaline earth or Group 12 metal and a non-metal from Group 16. A major example of these is zinc oxide.

Some people are thinking about making blue LEDs from zinc oxide. But ceramic researchers focus on electrical properties that affect boundaries between individual grains. One of the most common examples of this is the varistor. 

Semiconducting ceramics are also used as gas sensors. Semiconducting ceramics are also employed as gas sensors. When we pass gases over a polycrystalline ceramic, its electrical resistance changes. If we know the possible gas mixtures, we can produce very cheap devices.

Under some conditions, such as extreme cold temperatures, some ceramics show superconductivity. We do not know the exact reason. But we have discovered two major families of superconducting ceramics.

Piezoelectricity is an electric charge caused by mechanical stress. It appears in many ceramic materials, such as quartz. We use quartz to measure time in watches and other electronics. This kind of device turns electricity into mechanical motions and back, making a stable oscillator. 

The piezoelectric effect is generally stronger in materials that also show pyroelectricity. (Pyroelectricity is the ability of a material to generate electricity if its temperature changes.) All pyroelectric materials are also piezoelectric. We can use these materials to convert between thermal, mechanical, and electrical energy. For instance, we can put a pyroelectrical crystal in a furnace. If we take out and let it cool without applying any force to it, it will generate a large static charge. This type of crystal is most common in motion sensors. That is because the tiny rise in temperature from a warm body entering a room is enough to produce a voltage in the crystal. A motion sensor reads that voltage and converts it to data. 

In turn, pyroelectricity is strongest in materials which also display the ferroelectric effect. This is when we can reverse or move a stable electric polarization by applying an electrostatic field. If a material is ferroelectric, it is also pyroelectric. We use this effect to store information in ferroelectric capacitors and random-access memory. 

The most common piezoelectric materials are lead zirconate titanate and barium titanate. We use them for high-frequency loudspeakers, sonar, and atomic-force and scanning-tunneling microscopes.

In some semiconducting ceramics a gain in temperature causes grain boundaries to become insulating. This is most common in mixtures of heavy metal titanates. We can adjust the transition temperature (the temperature at which this happens) over a wide range by changing the chemistry. In this kind of material, current passes through the material until it reaches the transition temperature, at which point the circuit breaks and current flow stops. We use these ceramics as self-controlled heating elements in, for example, rear-window defrosting circuits in cars.

At the transition temperature, the material's dielectric response approaches infinity. We cannot use the material near its critical temperature because it is hard to control temperature at that range. Despite this, the dielectric effect remains strong even at much higher temperatures. For this reason as well as because of how low their critical temperatures are, we use titanates as ceramic capacitors.

Non-crystalline ceramics:
Non-crystalline ceramics, being glasses, tend to be formed from melts. The glass is shaped when either fully molten, by casting, or when in a state of toffee-like viscosity, by methods such as blowing to a mold. If later heat-treatments cause this class to become partly crystalline, the resulting material is known as a glass-ceramic.

Crystalline ceramics:
Crystalline ceramic materials are not amenable to a great range of processing. Methods for dealing with them tend to fall into one of two categories – either make the ceramic in the desired shape, by reaction in situ, or by "forming" powders into the desired shape, and then sintering to form a solid body. Ceramic forming techniques include shaping by hand (sometimes including a rotation process called "throwing"), slip casting, tape casting (used for making very thin ceramic capacitors, etc.), injection molding, dry pressing, and other variations. (See also Ceramic forming techniques. Details of these processes are described in the two books listed below.) A few methods use a hybrid between the two approaches.

The most common use of this method is in the production of cement and concrete. Here, the dehydrated powders are mixed with water. This starts hydration reactions, which result in long, interlocking crystals forming around the aggregates. Over time, these result in a solid ceramic.

The biggest problem with this method is that most reactions are so fast that good mixing is not possible, which tends to prevent large-scale construction. However, small-scale systems can be made by deposition techniques, where the various materials are introduced above a substrate, and react and form the ceramic on the substrate. This borrows techniques from the semiconductor industry, such as chemical vapour deposition, and is very useful for coatings.

These tend to produce very dense ceramics, but do so slowly.

The principles of sintering-based methods is simple. Once a roughly held together object (called a "green body") is made, it is baked in a kiln, where diffusion processes cause the green body to shrink. The pores in the object close up, resulting in a denser, stronger product. The firing is done at a temperature below the melting point of the ceramic. There is virtually always some porosity left, but the real advantage of this method is that the green body can be produced in any way imaginable, and still be sintered. This makes it a very versatile route. 

There are thousands of possible refinements of this process. Some of the most common involve pressing the green body to give the densification a head start and reduce the sintering time needed. Sometimes organic binders such as polyvinyl alcohol are added to hold the green body together; these burn out during the firing (at 200–350 °C). Sometimes organic lubricants are added during pressing to increase densification. It is not uncommon to combine these, and add binders and lubricants to a powder, then press. (The formulation of these organic chemical additives is an art in itself. This is particularly important in the manufacture of high performance ceramics such as those used by the billions for electronics, in capacitors, inductors, sensors, etc. The specialized formulations most commonly used in electronics are detailed in the book "Tape Casting," by R.E. Mistler, et al., Amer. Ceramic Soc. [Westerville, Ohio], 2000.) A comprehensive book on the subject, for mechanical as well as electronics applications, is "Organic Additives and Ceramic Processing," by D. J. Shanefield, Kluwer Publishers [Boston], 1996.

A slurry can be used in place of a powder, and then cast into a desired shape, dried and then sintered. Indeed, traditional pottery is done with this type of method, using a plastic mixture worked with the hands.

If a mixture of different materials is used together in a ceramic, the sintering temperature is sometimes above the melting point of one minor component – a "liquid phase" sintering. This results in shorter sintering times compared to solid state sintering.









Inorganic compound

An inorganic compound is a chemical compound that does not have carbon–hydrogen bonds that is, it is "not" an organic compound. That means it is not a carbon-based compound.

The division between the two types of compound is not absolute. Some carbon-containing compounds are traditionally considered inorganic. Many chemicals in nature are not compounds, but are ions. Sodium, chloride, and phosphate ions are essential for life, as are some inorganic molecules such as nitrogen, carbon dioxide, water and oxygen. Aside from these simple ions and molecules, virtually all compounds covered by biochemistry contain carbon and can be considered organic or organometallic.

Major types of inorganic compounds may include:

Applied mechanics

Applied mechanics, also known as theoretical and applied mechanics, is a branch of the physical sciences and the practical application of mechanics. Applied mechanics examines the "response of bodies (solids and fluids) to external forces". Some examples of "mechanical systems" include the flow of a liquid under pressure, the fracture of a solid from an applied force, or the vibration of an ear in response to sound. A practitioner of the discipline is known as a mechanician. 

Applied mechanics, as its name suggests, bridges the gap between physical theory and its application to technology. 

Mechanics

Mechanics is a branch of physics which looks at objects that are moved by forces (including other bodies, or forces of nature).

The discipline has its roots in ancient Greece where Aristotle studied the way bodies behaved when they were thrown through the air (e.g. a stone). However it was Galileo, Kepler and especially Newton who laid the foundations for much of the so-called "Newtonian mechanics" we know today.

A person working in the discipline is known as a mechanician.

Mechanics is the original discipline of physics, dealing with the macroscopic world that humans perceive. It is therefore a huge body of knowledge about the natural world. Mechanics encompasses the movement of all matter in the universe under the four forces: gravity, the strong and weak interactions, and the electromagnetic interaction.

Mechanics also constitutes a central part of technology.


Newton proposed three laws of motion. 

The following are categorized as being part of Quantum mechanics:


Blogs:

Newton

Newton may refer to many things:


Newton was the name of some famous people:



Newton is also the name of several places:







Paleobiology

Paleobiology is a branch of science which studies animals, plants and microbes buried in rock. These stoney items are called fossils. Paleobiology combines biology with the study of these fossils. There are several branches of paleobiology:


Baron Franz Nopcsa von Felső-Szilvás started paleobiology in the late 19th century while working at the University of Vienna. He tried to learn how the animals lived, rather than merely put together their bones, as many geologists were doing at the time.

Central venous catheter

A central venous catheter (CVC) or "central line" is a catheter put in a large vein in the neck, chest, or groin when a patient needs close cardiovascular monitoring, for assessment of fluid status, and so that intravenous drugs and fluids can be given to the patient more effectively. The veins most commonly used are the internal jugular vein, the subclavian vein, and the femoral vein.

Central line (disambiguation)

Central line or Central Line may refer to:



Macroscopic

Macroscopic means physical objects that are measurable and can be seen by the naked eye.

When one uses macroscopic for abstract objects, one thinks of the world as we see it without any help. Lengths scales are called macroscopic if they fall in the range of more or less than 1 mm or up to 1 km.

One may use the term "macroscopic" also for a "larger view", namely a view only available from a large perspective. A macroscopic position could be considered the "big picture".


In physics macroscopy is a relative term. If one looks at a galaxy, a star is microscopic in comparison with the whole galaxy, even if it is many, many orders of magnitude larger than us. macroscopy can also be described as a relation between any two objects in terms of its magnification on a scale of some sort. A macroscopic object is something that we are able to see in plain sight through our own field of vision no matter where we are located. In spacetime light must also come into contact with our eyes and the object we are observing in order for it to be visible.


Naked eye

If something can be seen with the naked eye, it means that it can be seen without using a microscope, binoculars, glasses or a telescope. In astronomy, a naked-eye object is something, such as a star, that the general public can see without using these tools.


Order of magnitude

An order of magnitude is an approximation of the logarithm of a value relative to some contextually understood reference value, usually ten, interpreted as the base of the logarithm and the representative of values of magnitude one. Logarithmic distributions are common in nature and
considering the order of magnitude of values sampled from such a distribution can be more intuitive. When the reference value is ten, the order of magnitude can be understood as the number of digits in the base-10 representation of the value. Similarly, if the reference value is one of certain powers of two, the magnitude can be understood as the amount of computer memory needed to store the exact integer value.

If two numbers have the same order of magnitude, they are about the same size. 

But if one would compare the surface of an orange with that of the earth, one would say the surface of the earth is many "orders of magnitude" larger than that of the orange.

Orders of magnitude are used to make approximate comparisons. If numbers differ by one order of magnitude, "x" is "about" ten times different in quantity than "y". If values differ by two orders of magnitude, they differ by a factor of about 100. Two numbers of the same order of magnitude have roughly the same scale: the larger value is less than ten times the smaller value.



N-Gage

The Nokia N-Gage is a mobile phone and handheld game console. It was first sold on October 7, 2003.


Woodside

Woodside is the name of several places.





Handheld game console

A handheld game console is a small, light, portable electronic machine for playing video games. It has a built-in screen to display the game being played. It also has game control buttons that is used to control the game, there are also speakers to hear the in-game sounds of the game being played.


Pinhead Gunpowder

Pinhead Gunpowder is a punk rock band from California, United States. Its members are Billie Joe Armstrong (singer and guitarist of Green Day), Aaron Cometbus, Bill Schneider and Jason White. White and Schneider also participate in Green Day.

The name of the band means the brand of a "high octane" green tea which Cometbus found in the dump.

Its members do not want to make money with this band, they only want to have fun.

Its music is different in each song, but always following the punk and hardcore style. 


Harry Connick Jr.

Harry Connick, Jr. (born September 11, 1967) is an American singer, piano player and actor. He plays jazz music mostly, but also pop music. In 2014, he became a judge on "American Idol".

His father is former New Orleans district attorney Harry Connick Sr..




Pantheism

Pantheism is the belief that God and the universe are equivalent (the same thing). A pantheist believes that everything that exists is a part of God or that God is a part of everything that exists. The name pantheism comes from the Greek words theism (belief in God) and pan (all). 

Any doctrine or philosophy that believes that the universe and everything in it is God is said to be pantheistic. Most pantheists believe the universe is sacred and the earth and nature are divine.
Most of the early Greek philosophers from Thales on to the Stoics believed in some sort of pantheism.

Pantheism is an important part of many eastern religions such as Hinduism, Buddhism and Taoism, and modern religions such as Druidism.

Some western philosophers such as Baruch Spinoza and some scientists are pantheists.

Some Christians, Jews and Sufis are pantheists. However, their majority believes that while God is in everything, there is more to God than just the universe.

There are several different types of pantheism, including panpsychism (the belief the universe itself has a mind), naturalistic pantheism (the belief the universe is identifiable with the title of "God", as it can be seen as a wondrous and transcendent power), or the worship of nature as a life-giving force.



Panentheism

Panentheism is the belief that the universe is part of God. Followers believe that one or more gods are both part of the universe and greater than it. To some people, this is a very confusing concept (idea) and was first created by philosophers in the early centuries AD.
A famous philosopher who used the term was Baruch Spinoza.


Deuterium

Deuterium is an isotope of hydrogen, the first element. Deuterium has one proton and one neutron. Hydrogen does not have a neutron, only a proton. Another isotope of hydrogen, tritium, has two neutrons. The chemical symbol for Deuterium is H but D is also used often. 

Two deuterium atoms combined with an oxygen atom is sometimes called "heavy water." This is because it is like water (HO), but heavier because deuterium has one more neutron in its nucleus. Heavy water is sometimes used in nuclear reactors. It is also used as a solvent for NMR spectroscopy. This is because it will dissolve the sample, like normal water, but it will not be detected by the magnet in an H NMR. 


Boer

Boer (IPA: /bur/) is the Dutch word for farmer which is used to call the descendants of the Dutch farmers of Southern Africa during the 1700s, as well as those who left the Cape Colony during the 1800s to live in the Orange Free State, Transvaal and Natal. They did this to escape the British rule, and the wars between the British imperial government and the native tribes on the eastern frontier. 

In 1657, “vrybriewe” was granted to 9 burgers, the first farmers or Boers (Boere) at the Cape. Although they were not known as Afrikaners, they did not regard themselves as living in a European country. As more immigrants from Europe arrived at the Cape, more international marriages took place. Soon their language and culture were lost and transformed. They regarded themselves as a new nation, the Afrikaner people. Paul Heyns, born in 1696 christened his son Michiel Afrikanus (the Afrikaner). 

One Hendrik Bieslow in 1707 proclaimed in public “Ik ben een Afrikaander”. The Boers later created the Boer Republics, which were defeated in the 1880-1881 and 1899–1902 Anglo-Boer wars (Anglo-Boere-oorloë). After that, many Boers emigrated to other countries, but many still live in modern South Africa, Eswatini (formerly Swaziland) and Zimbabwe.

Muhammad Ali

"Not to be mistaken for the Muhammad Ali who became Muhammad Ali Pasha, Wali of Egypt and Sudan"
Muhammad Ali (born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr.; January 17, 1942 – June 3, 2016) was an American boxer. He became one of the most famous boxers in the world with his "rope-a-dope" technique. He was also well known for his clever rhymes. In 1999, Ali was named "Sportsman of the Century" by Sports Illustrated magazine. He won the World Heavyweight Boxing Championship three times. Ali also won an Olympic gold medal for boxing during the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy. Ali was also known as “The Greatest”. 

Ali was born in Louisville, Kentucky. He was named after his father, Cassius Marcellus Clay Sr. but changed his name after converting to Islam according to the Nation of Islam in 1965. Because of his Islamic beliefs, Ali would not fight in the Vietnam War when the army tried drafting him. This made him an international figure around the world. Ali retired from boxing in 1981. In the early 1980s, it was learned that Ali had Parkinson's syndrome. He became well known for his social work and charity.

Muhammad Ali was married four times. He had seven daughters and two sons. One of his sons was adopted by him. 

On December 20, 2014, Ali was hospitalized for a mild case of pneumonia. Ali was once again hospitalized on January 15, 2015 for a urinary tract infection after being found unresponsive at a guest house in Scottsdale, Arizona. He was released the next day.

Ali was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. On June 3, 2016, Ali died from septic shock due to respiratory problems at a Scottsdale, Arizona hospital, aged 74.

Mechanician

A mechanician is an engineer or a scientist working in the field of mechanics, or in engineering, applied mechanics and similar fields. Sometimes mechanicians are also called mechaniker and mechanicist.




Compressive stress

Compressive stress is the stress on materials that leads to a smaller volume. 

By compressive stress the material is under compression. Compressive stress to bars, columns, etc. leads to shortening.

One can increase the compressive stress until compressive strength is reached. Then materials will react with ductile behaviour (most metals, some soils and plastics) or with fracture in case of brittle materials (geomaterials, cast iron, glass, etc.). For example, if a cylinder is compressed under the action of the applied force, the restoring force per unit area is known as the compressive stress. It is one of the best stresses for chassis, so if you have a chassis report explain it well as it helps a lot.


Cambuslang railway station

Cambuslang railway station is a train station for the Scottish town of Cambuslang, in South Lanarkshire (near Glasgow.) The station is owned and managed by First ScotRail. There is a train every ten minutes. Trains come more often at busy times of the day. The station has a ticket office at the top, with a bridge across the track and two ramps down to each platform.


Rotation

Rotation is the movement of an object in a circular motion.

A two-dimensional object rotates around a "center" (or "point") "of rotation". A three-dimensional object rotates around a line called an "axis". If the axis of rotation is within the body, the body is said to rotate upon itself, or "spin"– which implies relative speed and perhaps free-movement with angular momentum. A circular motion about an external point (for example the Earth around the Sun) is called an "orbit" or more properly "orbital revolution."

Rotation around a point in one plane can be in a clockwise direction or an anticlockwise direction.

In flight dynamics, the principal rotations are known as "pitch", "roll" and "yaw". The term rotation is also used in aviation to refer to the upward pitch of an aircraft, particularly when starting the major climb for takeoff. The same terms are used for fish moving through water.

Many amusement rides provide rotation. A Ferris wheel and observation wheel have a horizontal central axis, and parallel axes for each gondola, where the rotation is opposite, by gravity or mechanically.

Rotation, usually called "spin", plays a role in many sports. "Topspin" and "backspin" in tennis. "English", "follow" and "draw" in billiards and pool. Curve balls in baseball and spin bowling in cricket. Table tennis paddles are specialized to allow players to spin the ball as they hit it.



Moment (physics)

In physics, moment of force (often just moment) is a measure of a force's tendency to cause a body to rotate about a specific point or axis.

In this concept the moment arm, the distance from the axis of rotation, plays an important role. The lever, pulley, gear, and most other simple machines create mechanical advantage by changing the moment arm. The SI unit for moment is the newton meter (kgm²/s² or Nm).

Formula for moment: 

formula_1 

The Principle of Moment states that when a system is in equilibrium the sum of its CLOCKWISE MOMENTS equals the sum of its ANTICLOCKWISE MOMENTS.

Some examples where moments (turning effect) are applied involve levers, like seesaws, opening and closing doors, nutcrackers, can openers, and crowbars.

A lever is a simple machine in which one force called the effort is used to overcome another force called the load.

In physics, a moment is a combination of a physical quantity and a distance.

The principle of moments is derived from Archimedes' discovery of the operating principle of the lever. In the lever one applies a force, in his day most often human muscle, to an "arm", a beam of some sort. Archimedes noted that the amount of force applied to the object, the "moment of force", is defined as "M = rF", where "F" is the applied force, and "r" is the distance from the applied force to object.

Tensile strength

Tensile strength is a measurement of the force required to pull something such as rope, wire, or a structural beam to the point where it breaks. 

The tensile strength of a material is the maximum amount of tensile stress that it can take before failure, for example breaking.

There are three typical definitions of tensile strength:




Some typical tensile strengths of some materials:

(Source: A.M. Howatson, P.G. Lund and J.D. Todd, "Engineering Tables and Data" p41)



Bosconian

Bosconian is a video arcade game made by Namco in 1981. The player moves a spaceship and tries to destroy "space stations". There are also other things in space that the player has to destroy to get to the space stations. The game was later used on many of the early personal computers.
"Bosconian" won the 1982 Arcade Award for Best Science Fiction/Fantasy Coin-Op Game. The award was given out in January 1983. It beats both Atari's "Gravitar" and Sega's "Zaxxon".

The Sunday Night Project

The Sunday Night Project is a British comedy television programme. It was broadcast on Channel 4 from 2005 to 2009. The show was presented by Justin Lee Collins and Alan Carr with a different guest host each week.

Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia

Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia (, , – 17 July 1918) was the youngest daughter of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia and his wife Alexandra Fyodorovna. Anastasia was murdered with her family on 17 July 1918 by the Bolshevik secret police. She was a sister of Grand Duchess Olga, Grand Duchess Tatiana, Grand Duchess Maria, and Alexei Nikolaevich, Tsarevich of Russia.

During the years of Communist rule nobody knew where she was buried. This led to many stories that she could have escaped and still be alive. The bodies of the Tsar, Tsarina, and three daughters were found in a grave near Yekaterinburg in 1991; however, the bodies of Alexei Nikolaevich and one of his sisters (either Anastasia or Maria) were not there.

In January 2008, Russian scientists said that the remains of a young boy and woman found near Yekaterinburg in August 2007 might be the missing bodies. On 30 April 2008, Russian scientists used DNA testing to prove that they were the Tsarevich Alexei and his sister. In March 2009, the last results of the DNA testing were published by Dr. Michael Coble of the US Armed Forces DNA Identification Laboratory. This proved that all four Grand Duchesses were murdered.

Several women have claimed to have been Anastasia. The most famous was Anna Anderson. However, DNA testing in 1994 on pieces of Anderson's tissue and hair showed that she was not related to the Imperial family.

When Anastasia was born, her family was disappointed. They had hoped for a son who would be heir to the throne. In honor of her birth, her father forgave the students who had been put in prison for joining in riots in St. Petersburg and Moscow. Because of this, Anastasia's name means "the breaker of chains" or the "prison opener". It can also mean "of the resurrection". People often spoke of this when there were stories that she had not died. Anastasia was a Grand Duchess. Because this made Anastasia an "Imperial Highness", she was higher in rank than other Princesses in Europe who were "Royal Highnesses".

The Tsar's children lived very simply. They slept on hard camp cots without pillows when they were healthy, took cold baths in the morning, and had to clean their rooms and sometimes sew. Most of their servants usually called Anastasia by her first name instead of calling her "Her Imperial Highness". Sometimes they called her "Anastasie", "Nastya", "Nastas", or "Nastenka". Anastasia was also called "Malenkaya", meaning "little (one)", or "shvibzik", the Russian word for "imp".
Anastasia was a bright, lively child. People described her as short and plump, with blue eyes and blonde hair. Margaretta Eagar, Anastasia's governess, said that somebody had once called young Anastasia the most charming child he had ever seen. Lili Dehn said that Anastasia was "pretty", but had "more of a clever face, and her eyes were wells of intelligence".

Anastasia was clever, but she was never much interested in studying. Pierre Gilliard, Sydney Gibbes, and ladies-in-waiting Lili Dehn and Anna Vyrubova said that Anastasia was funny and good at acting. Some people did not like her sharp, quick remarks.

Anastasia's playful behavior was often punished. According to Gieb Botkin, "in naughtiness she was a true genius". He was the son of the court doctor Yevgeny Botkin, who later died with the family at Ekaterinburg. Anastasia tripped the servants, tricked her teachers, and climbed trees and refused to come down. Once at a snowball fight, she rolled a rock into a snowball and threw it at her older sister, Tatiana. Princess Nina Georgievna, Anastasia's cousin, said that "Anastasia was nasty to the point of being evil". She said that Anastasia would get angry when her friends won games, or when the younger Nina was taller than she was. She also cared less about her looks than her sisters. Hallie Erminie Rives, an American writer, described how Anastasia ate chocolates without taking off her white opera gloves at the St. Petersburg opera house when she was 10-years-old.
Anastasia's family called Anastasia and her older sister Maria "The Little Pair". This was because they shared a room, often wore the same dress, and played together a lot. Their older sisters Olga and Tatiana were known as "The Big Pair", because they shared a room as well. The four girls sometimes signed letters with their nickname, OTMA. They made this nickname from the first letters of their first names, Olga, Tatiana, Maria, and Anastasia.

Anastasia was very energetic, but she was often sick. She had "hallux valgus" (bunions), which hurt both of her big toes. Anastasia also had a weak muscle in her back. Because of this, she had to be massaged twice every week. She disliked this, and when it was time to be massaged, she would hide under her bed or in cupboards. Anastasia's older sister, Maria, is said to have hemorrhaged in December 1914 during an operation to remove her tonsils. The doctor performing the operation was so shocked that Maria's mother, Tsarina Alexandra, had to order him to continue. Olga Alexandrovna said all four of her nieces bled more than was normal. She believed they had the hemophilia gene, like their mother. Some carriers of the gene are not hemophiliacs themselves, but they can have signs of hemophilia, like bleeding more than most people. DNA testing on the remains of the royal family proved in 2009 that Alexei suffered from Hemophilia B. His mother and one of his sisters were carriers. The Russians thought this sister was Maria, and Americans thought it was Anastasia. If Anastasia had lived, she could have passed on the disease to her children. Anastasia, like everyone else in her family, loved "Baby" Tsarevich Alexei very much. Alexei often had attacks of hemophilia and nearly died several times.

Her mother trusted Grigori Rasputin, a Russian peasant and wandering "holy man". She thought his prayers had saved her son when he was sick many times. Anastasia and her sisters were told to treat Rasputin as "Our Friend" and to tell him their secrets. In the autumn of 1907, Anastasia's aunt Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna of Russia went to the nursery with the Tsar to meet Rasputin. Anastasia, her sisters and brother Alexei were all wearing their long white nightgowns.

"All the children seemed to like him," Olga Alexandrovna said later. "They were completely at ease (comfortable) with him." Rasputin's friendship with the Imperial children can be seen in some of the messages he sent to them. In February 1909, Rasputin sent them a telegram, saying, "Love the whole of God's nature, the whole of His creation in particular this earth. The Mother of God was always occupied with flowers and needlework."

But in 1910, Sofia Ivanovna Tyutcheva told other people in the family that Rasputin was allowed to see the four girls when they were wearing their nightgowns. Rasputin's visits to the children were completely innocent, but the family was shocked and angry. Tyutcheva told Nicholas's sister, Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia, that Rasputin visited and talked to the girls while they were getting ready for bed, and hugged and patted them. Tyutcheva said the children did not talk about Rasputin with her and kept his visits a secret. Tatiana wrote to her mother on 8 March 1910, that she was "so afr(aid) that S.I. (governess Sofia Ivanovna Tyutcheva) can our friend something bad". Xenia wrote on 15 March 1910 that she did not understand "the attitude (behavior) of Alix and the children to that sinister Grigory". Nicholas asked Rasputin not to go into the nursery after that, and Alexandra later fired Tyutcheva.

In the spring of 1910, Maria Ivanovna Vishnyakova, a royal governess, said that Rasputin had raped her. The empress did not believe her, saying that "everything Rasputin does is holy". Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna was told that they had made an investigation to see if what Vishnyakova said was true, but that "they caught the young woman in bed with a Cossack of the Imperial Guard." Vishnyakova was kept from seeing Rasputin after she claimed that he raped her. She was fired in 1913.
But rumors still spread. People suggested that Rasputin had seduced the Tsarina and her four daughters. Rasputin had written warm, but completely innocent letters to the Tsarina and her four daughters. He released the letters, which made people gossip even more. "My dear, precious, only friend," wrote Anastasia. "How much I should like to see you again. You appeared to me today in a dream. I am always asking Mama when you will think of you always, my dear, because you are so good to me ..."

Soon after, pornographic cartoons were printed about Rasputin having relations with the Empress, her four daughters and Anna Vyrubovna. After the scandal, Nicholas asked Rasputin to leave St. Petersburg for a time. Rasputin went on a pilgrimage to Palestine. Alexandra was very angry at this. However, though the rumors continued, the imperial family continued to be friendly with Rasputin until he was murdered on 17 December 1916. "Our Friend is so contented (happy) with our girlies, souls have much developed," Alexandra wrote to Nicholas on December 6, 1916.

Later, A.A. Mordvinov reported in his memoirs that the four Grand Duchesses looked "cold and visibly terribly upset" by Rasputin's death. He added that they sat "huddled up closely together" on a sofa on the night they heard he was killed. Mordvinov remembered that they were sad and seemed to feel the beginning of great political troubles. Rasputin was buried with an icon signed on the back by Anastasia, her mother and her sisters. Anastasia went to his funeral on December 21, 1916. Her family planned to build a church over Rasputin's grave. After they were killed by the Bolsheviks, it was discovered Anastasia and her sisters were all wearing amulets with Rasputin's picture and a prayer on it.

During World War I Anastasia and her sister Maria visited hurt soldiers at a hospital at Tsarskoye Selo. Because they were too young to become Red Cross nurses like their mother and older sisters, they played checkers and billiards with the soldiers and tried to make them happy instead. Felix Dassel, who was treated at the hospital, remembered that Anastasia had a "laugh like a squirrel", and walked quickly "as though she "tripped" along."

In February 1917, Nicholas II resigned from the throne. Anastasia and her family were placed under house arrest at the Alexander Palace in Tsarskoye Selo during the Russian Revolution. As the Bolsheviks came nearer, Alexander Kerensky moved them to Tobolsk, Siberia. The Bolsheviks grew more and more powerful. Anastasia and her family were moved to the Ipatiev House (House of Special Purpose), at Yekaterinburg.

Anastasia felt sad about her captivity. "Goodby," she wrote to a friend in the winter of 1917. "Don't forget us." At Tobolsk, she wrote a sad theme for her English teacher, filled with spelling mistakes, about "Evelyn Hope", a poem by Robert Browning about a young girl. "When she died she was only sixteen years old," Anastasia wrote. "Ther(e) was a man who loved her without having seen her but (k)new her very well. And she he(a)rd of him also. He never could tell her that he loved her, and now she was dead. But still he thought that when he and she will live [their] next life whenever it will be that ..."

At Tobolsk, she and her sisters sewed jewels into their clothes. This was because Alexandra, Nicholas and Maria had had their things taken away when they arrived in Ekaterinburg. Demidova wrote to Tegleva about this, using code words for the jewels such as "medicines" and "Sednev's belongings". Anastasia and her sisters dressed simply, and all three had their hair cut short. It had been cut when they were ill with measles in 1917, and they had kept it short. Pierre Gilliard remembered his last sight of the children: "The sailor Nagorny, who attended to Alexei Nikolaevitch, passed my window carrying the sick boy in his arms, behind him came the Grand Duchesses loaded with valises and small personal belongings. I tried to get out, but was roughly pushed back into the carriage by the sentry. I came back to the window. Tatiana Nikolayevna came last carrying her little dog and struggling to drag a heavy brown valise. It was raining and I saw her feet sink into the mud at every step. Nagorny tried to come to her assistance (help); he was roughly pushed back by one of the commisars ..." Baroness Sophie Buxhoeveden, too, spoke of her last sad memory of Anastasia: "Once, standing on some steps at the door of a house close by, I saw a hand and a pink-sleeved arm opening the topmost (highest) pane. According to the blouse the hand must have belonged either to the Grand Duchess Marie or Anastasia. They could not see me through their windows, and this was to be the last glimpse that I was to have of any of them!"

But even in the last months of her life, Anastasia could be happy. She and other members of her family performed plays for their parents and others in the spring of 1918. Her tutor Sydney Gibbes said that Anastasia's acting made everyone laugh. On 7 May 1918, Anastasia wrote a letter from Tobolsk to her sister Maria in Yekaterinburg. In the letter, she described a moment of joy, even though she was sad, lonely, and worried about her sick brother Alexei: "We played on the swing, that was when I roared with laughter (laughed loudly), the fall was so wonderful! Indeed! I told the sisters about it so many times yesterday that they got quite fed up (tired)", adding, "One could simply shout with joy." In his memoirs, Alexander Strekotin, one of the guards at the Ipatiev House, called Anastasia "very friendly and full of fun". Another guard said Anastasia was "a very charming devil! She was mischievous and, I think, rarely (not often) tired. She was lively, and was fond of (enjoyed) performing comic mimes with the dogs, as though they were performing in a circus." Another guard, however, called her "offensive and a terrorist" and complained about some of her sharp remarks. Anastasia and her sisters learned to wash their own clothes and make bread at the Ipatiev House.

In the summer, however, the whole family became much sadder. According to some accounts, Anastasia once became so unhappy about the locked, painted windows that she opened one to get fresh air. A guard is said to have seen her and fired, almost hitting her. She did not try to open the windows again.

On 14 July 1918, local priests at Yekaterinburg held a private church service for the family. They later said that Anastasia and her family fell on their knees during the prayers for the dead, which they had not done before. They also noted that the girls had become very sad and did not reply to the service. One of the priests said, "Something has happened to them in there." But the next day, on 15 July 1918, Anastasia and her sisters seemed happier. They joked and helped move the beds in their shared bedroom so that the cleaning women could clean the floors. Helping the women scrub the floors, they whispered to them when the guards were not watching. Anastasia even stuck her tongue out at Yakov Yurovsky, the head of the guards, when he turned his back and left the room.

Anastasia was executed with her family by a firing squad in the early morning of 17 July 1918. They had been killed by the Bolshevik secret police, commanded by Yurovsky.

In October 1917, the Bolshevik revolution struck Russia. A civil war began shortly after that. Plans to release the Romanovs slowed down. As the Whites (people who were still faithful to the Tsar and autocracy) came more toward Yekaterinburg, the Reds felt afraid. They knew that the well-prepared White Army would win. When the Whites reached Yekaterinburg, the Imperial Family were gone. It is thought that the family had been executed.

The "Yurovsky Note" was found in 1989 and described in Edvard Radzinsky's 1992 book "The Last Tsar". The "Yurovsky Note" was a description of the event by Yurovsky after the execution. According to the note, on the night of the murders the family was awakened and told to dress. They were told they were moving to a new place for their safety. They claimed it was because of the possible violence which might happen when the White Army reached Yekaterinburg. When they were dressed, the family and the few servants were led to a small room in the house's basement. They were told to wait there. Alexandra asked for chairs for herself and Alexei, and she sat next to her son. After a short time, the executioners entered the room, led by Yurovsky. Yurovsky quickly told the Tsar and his family that they were going to die. The Tsar cried "What?" and turned to his family, but was immediately killed when several bullets hit his chest. The Tsar, the empress, and two servants were killed in the first round of shooting. Maria, Dr. Botkin and Alexandra's maid Demidova were hurt. Thick smoke and dust filled the room from the shooting, so the gunmen left the room for a few minutes. They soon came back and shot Dr. Botkin. A gunman named Ermakov tried to shoot Tsarevich Alexei, but the jewels in the boy's clothes protected him. Ermakov tried to kill Alexei with a bayonet but failed again. At last, Yurovsky fired two shots into the boy's head. Tatiana and Olga were near the wall. They were holding onto each other and crying for their mother. Tatiana was killed by a shot to her head. Olga died when Ermakov shot her in the jaw.

Maria, Anastasia, and the maid Demidova were on the floor under the room's one window. Ermakov said that he killed Maria by shooting her head. Ermakov then tried to stab Anastasia, failed, and said he killed her by shooting her head. Maria's skull does not have any bullet wounds, though. It is unclear how she died. Ermakov was drunk during the murders, and it is possible his shot did not go entirely through her head. She might have become unconscious and bled greatly, but remained alive. Then, as the bodies were taken away, two of the grand duchesses moved. One sat up and screamed, throwing her arm over her head. The other, bleeding from the mouth, moaned and moved. When Olga and Tatiana were shot, they were killed instantly, so Maria was probably the one who screamed. Anastasia might still have been able to move. Ermakov told his wife that Anastasia was killed by a bayonet, and Yurovsky wrote that as the bodies were carried out, one or more of the girls cried out and were hit on the back of the head with a club. However, the back of Maria's skull does not show any signs of having been clubbed. The remains of Anastasia's burnt body do not show details of how she died.

One of the greatest mysteries of the 20th century was if Anastasia had survived or not. From 1920 to 1922, Anna Anderson, the most famous person who pretended to be Anastasia, grew very famous. She claimed that she had pretended to be dead, then escaped with the help of a kind guard that saved her from the dead bodies after seeing she was still alive. Her legal struggle to be recognized as Anastasia from 1938 to 1970 was a controversy for her whole life. It was the longest running case ever heard by the German courts. At last, the courts decided that there was not enough proof.

Anderson died in 1984 and her body was cremated. In 1994, a tissue sample from Andersen in a hospital was used for DNA tests with the blood of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. Prince Philip was a grandnephew of Empress Alexandra. Dr. Gill, who did the tests, decided that if "you accept that these samples came from Anna Anderson, then Anna Anderson could related to Tsar Nicholas or Tsarina Alexandra." Anderson's DNA matched with a great-nephew of Franziska Schanzkowska, a missing Polish factory worker. Some people who supported Anderson agreed that the DNA tests showed she could not have been the Grand Duchess.

At least 10 women claimed to be Anastasia. Less famous people who pretended to be Anastasia were Nadezhda Ivanovna Vasilyeva and Eugenia Smith. A priest took care of two young women who said that they were Anastasia and her sister Maria in the Ural Mountains in 1919. They lived there as nuns until they died in 1964. They were buried with the names Anastasia and Maria Nikolaevna.

People reported that trains and houses were being searched for 'Anastasia Romanov' by soldiers and secret police. When she was put in prison for a short time at Perm in 1918, Princess Helena Petrovna, the wife of Anastasia's distant cousin, Prince Ioann Konstantinovich of Russia, said that a guard took a girl who called herself Anastasia Romanova to her cell and asked her if the girl was the Tsar's daughter. When she did not recognize the girl, the guard took her away. Others in Perm later said that they saw Anastasia, her mother and sisters in Perm after they were killed, but this was only a rumor. Surprisingly, the rumors that had started to hide the fact that the family was dead helped the rumors that they were alive. A few days after they had been killed, the German government sent telegrams to Russia asking for "the safety of the princesses of German blood". Russia had signed a peace treaty with the Germans and did not want to tell them that the women were dead. Instead, they told them they had been moved to a safer place. This could have been why the 'Perm stories' began.

Another time, eight people said that they saw a young woman being captured at a railway station at Siding 37 in September 1918 after trying to escape. These people were Maxim Grigoyev, Tatiana Sitnikova and her son Fyodor Sitnikov, Ivan Kuklin and Matrina Kuklina, Vassily Ryabov, Ustinya Varankina, and Dr. Pavel Utkin. Some of these people said that the girl was Anastasia when they saw photographs of the grand duchess by White Russian Army investigators. Dr. Pavel Utkin also told the investigators that the girl, whom he had helped in Perm when she was hurt, had said, "I am the daughter of the ruler, Anastasia." During that time, there were similar stories of young people in Russia saying that they were Romanovs who had escaped. Boris Soloviev, the husband of Rasputin's daughter Maria, defrauded many important Russian families by asking for money for a Romanov to escape to China. Soloviev was helped by young women who pretended to be one of the grand duchesses to help trick the families.

Some suggest that there might have been a way for a guard to save anyone in the family who still lived. Yakov Yurovsky ordered the guards to come to his office and give him the things they had stolen after the murder. At that time, it is said that there was a short time when the killed bodies were left in the truck and in the basement of the house. Some guards who had not joined in the murders and had felt sorry for the grand duchesses were left in the basement with the bodies.

There were also stories from Bulgaria that Anastasia and her brother were still alive. In 1953, Peter Zamiatkin told a 16-year-old person being treated at a hospital that he had taken Anastasia and Alexei to the village where he was born near Odessa. He said he was a member of the guard of the Romanovs, and that the Tsar had asked him to do this. Zamiatkin said that after the rest of the family had been killed, he escaped with the children on a ship. "Anastasia" and "Alexei" lived under false names in the Bulgarian town of Gabarevo. The Bulgarian "Anastasia" called herself Eleonora Albertovna Kruger. She died in 1954.

In 1991, the place where the Imperial family and their servants were supposedly buried as found in the woods outside Yekaterinburg. It had actually been found almost ten years earlier, but had been kept hidden by the people who discovered it. They did not want the Communists, who still ruled Russia at that time, to know where the grave was. The grave only had nine bodies instead of 11. DNA and studies on their skeletons showed that they were the bodies of Tsar Nicholas II, his wife, and three of the Grand Duchesses (Olga, Tatiana, and Maria). The other remains had different DNA. They were the bodies of the family's doctor (Yevgeny Botkin), valet (Alexei Trupp), cook (Ivan Kharitonov) and Alexandra's maid (Anna Demidova). Dr. William Maples decided that the Tsarevitch Alexei and Anastasia's bodies were missing. Russian scientists did not agree with this. They claimed that it was the body of Maria was missing, not Anastasia's. The Russians used a computer program to compare photos of Anastasia with the skulls from the grave. When some of the pieces of bone in the skulls were missing, they guessed how long or wide it was instead. American scientists thought this way of studying the bodies was wrong.
American scientists thought the missing body was Anastasia's. This was because none of the female skeletons showed signs that it was not fully grown yet. The remains of the Imperial Family were buried in 1998. At that time, a body that measured about 5 feet, 7 inches (170 cm) was buried as the body of Anastasia. Photographs of her standing next to her sisters six months before she died show that Anastasia was a few inches shorter than all of them.

The "Yurovsky Note" showed that two of the bodies were taken from the main grave and burned secretly to hide the burials of the Imperial family. However, people could not find the place where the bodies were burnt for many years. However, on 23 August 2007, a Russian archaeologist declared that he had found two burned skeletons near Yekaterinburg, at a place which seemed to match what was described in Yurovsky's writings. The archaeologists said that the bones were from a boy who was about 10 to 13, and a young woman who was between 18 and 23 years old. Anastasia was 17 years and one month old when she was killed; Maria was 19 years, one month old, and Alexei was just two weeks before his fourteenth birthday. Anastasia's older sisters, Olga and Tatiana, were 22 and 23 when they died. They used metal detectors to find the bones.

Many international laboratories such as the Armed Forces DNA Identification Laboratory and Medical University of Innsbruck did DNA tests. They proved that the remains were from the body of Tsarevich Alexei and one of his sister. They agreed that everyone in the family, including Anastasia, died in 1918. All the parents and children has his or her own special DNA.

In 2000, Anastasia and her family were canonized as passion bearers by the Russian Orthodox Church. In 1981, they had already been canonized by the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad as holy martyrs. The bodies of Tsar Nicholas II, Tsarina Alexandra, and three of their daughters were buried in the St. Catherine Chapel at St. Peter and Paul Cathedral in St. Petersburg on 17 July 1998. This was 80 years after they had been murdered.

The stories of how Anastasia might have escaped became the subject of theatrical and television movies. The earliest, made in 1928, was called "Clothes Make the Woman". The story was about a woman who acts the character of Anastasia in a Hollywood movie, and is later recognized by the Russian soldier who saved her.

In 1956, a movie called "Anastasia" was made. Ingrid Bergman acted Anna Anderson, Yul Brynner was General Bounine (a fictional character based on several real men), and Helen Hayes as the Dowager Empress Marie, Anastasia's grandmother. The movie is about a woman from an asylum who came to Paris in 1928 and was captured by some Russian émigrés who use her so that they can fool Anastasia's grandmother into thinking Anderson actually is her granddaughter. This is because they want to get a Tsarist fortune. After some time, they begin wondering if "Madame A. Anderson" really is the missing Grand Duchess.
This story was also used for the short 1965 musical "Anya".

In 1986, NBC began a mini-series inspired by a book published in 1983 by Peter Kurth called "Anastasia: The Riddle of Anna Anderson". The movie, "", was a series with two parts. It began with the young Anastasia Nicholaievna and her family being sent to Yekaterinburg, where they are killed by Bolshevik soldiers. The story then moves to 1923, saying that Anna Anderson is Anastasia. Amy Irving was the actress for Anna Anderson.

The most recent movie is 1997's "Anastasia". This was an animated musical adaptation of the story of Anastasia's fictional (not real) escape from Russia and how she tried to be recognized. The movie often used wrong historical facts.

In "The Romanov Prophecy," a 2004 novel by Steve Berry, Anastasia and Alexei are saved by guards and taken away to the United States. There, they live under false names with a family paid by Felix Yusupov. In the novel, both children died in the 1920s because they became sick. However, before they died, Alexei married and had a son.



Anna Anderson

Anna Anderson (December 16, 1896 – February 12, 1984) was a woman who claimed she was Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia. The real Anastasia had been murdered in Ekaterinburg with the rest of her immediate family on July 17, 1918. Her remains have been found and extensively tested using DNA samples from Anastasia's family comparing them to Anderson. There was no match at all. Anderson attempted to kill herself in 1920 in Berlin, Germany. She was taken to a mental hospital. A short time later she began to tell her false story of escape to people there. Some people believed her. Most people did not. Her false claims were pushed for 70 years. Movies were made about her story. She married Jack Manahan and called herself Anastasia Manahan. They lived in Charlottesville, Virginia, where she died of pneumonia in 1984. 


Celtic F.C.

Celtic Football Club is a professional football club based in Glasgow, Scotland. They play in the Scottish Premiership and are one of the most successful Scottish teams.

Celtic used to be half of the Old Firm, alongside Rangers F.C.. This is a term that used to describe both Rangers and Celtic together until rangers fc died in 2012.

Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia

Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia (Maria Nikolaevna Romanova; Russian: Великая Княжна Мария Николаевна, 26 June 189917 July 1918) was the third daughter of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia and Tsarina Alexandra Feodorovna. After she was murdered in the Russian Revolution of 1917, she was canonization as a passion bearer by the Russian Orthodox Church.

During her lifetime, Maria, too young to become a Red Cross nurse like her elder sisters, Instead during World War I, was patroness of a hospital and instead visited wounded soldiers. Throughout her lifetime she was noted for her interest in the lives of the soldiers. The flirtatious Maria had a number of innocent crushes on the young men she met, beginning in early childhood. She hoped to marry and have a large family.

She was an elder sister of Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia. Her sister Anastasia was famous for stories about her alleged escape from the murder of the royal family for almost 90 years. In the 1990s, it was suggested that the Grand Duchess whose remains were not in the Romanov might be Maria. However, further remains were discovered in 2007, and DNA analysis subsequently proved that the entire Imperial family had been murdered in 1918.

Maria was born on 26 June 1899. She was the third child and daughter of Emperor Nicholas II and Empress Alexandra. The birth of a third daughter led to widespread disappointment in Russia. Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom, Alexandra's grandmother and Maria's great-grandmother, wrote, "I regret the third girl for the country. I know that an heir would be more welcome than a daughter." 

Nicholas insisted that he was happy with Maria's birth, and he told Alexandra "I dare complain the least, having such happiness on earth, having a treasure like you my beloved Alix, and already the three little cherubs."

At age eleven, Maria apparently developed a painful crush on one of the young men she had met. Alexandra advised her daughter to keep her feelings hidden because others might say unkind things to her about her crush"

As a toddler, little Maria once escaped from her bath and ran naked up and down the palace corridor while her distracted Irish nurse, Margaretta Eagar, who loved politics, discussed the Dreyfus Affair with a friend.

Maria's siblings were Grand Duchess Olga of Russia, Grand Duchess Tatiana of Russia, Grand Duchess Anastasia of Russia, and Tsarevich Alexei of Russia. 

Servants addressed the her by her first name and patronym, Maria Nikolaevna. She was also called by the French version of her name, Marie, or by the Russian nicknames Masha or Mashka.

Maria and Anastasia were dressed similarly for special occasions, when they wore variations of the same dress. She tended to be dominated by her enthusiastic and energetic younger sister. When Anastasia tripped people who walked by, teased others or caused a scene with her dramatics, Maria always tried to apologize, though she could never stop her younger sister. Her mother's friend Lili Dehn said that while Maria was not as lively as her three sisters, she knew her own mind.

When Maria was young, she enjoyed flirting with the young soldiers she encountered at the palace and on family holidays. She particularly loved children and, had she not been a Grand Duchess, would have loved nothing more than to marry a Russian soldier and raise a large family. Maria was fond of soldiers from a very early age, according to Margaretta Eagar. 

Her first cousin, Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma, kept a photograph of Maria beside his bed in memory of the crush he had upon her. In 1910, Louis met the Romanov sisters. He later reflected that "they were lovely, and terribly sweet, far more beautiful than their photographs," and he said that "I was crackers about Marie, and was determined to marry her. She was absolutely lovely."

Like her younger sister Anastasia, Maria visited wounded soldiers at a private hospital on the grounds of the palace at Tsarskoye Selo during World War I. The two teenagers, who were too young to become nurses like their mother and elder sisters, played games of checkers and billiards with the soldiers and attempted to uplift their spirits.

During the war, Maria and Anastasia also paid a visit to a nurses' school and helped to tend to the children. She wrote her father that she thought of him when she was feeding the children and cleaned the gruel running down their chins with a spoon. For a break during the war, Maria, her sisters and mother sometimes visited the Tsar and Tsarevich Alexei at the war headquarters in Mogilev.

Maria was a noted beauty. She had light brown hair and large blue eyes." Maria, Duchess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Maria's great-aunt, declared that Maria was a real beauty with enormous blue eyes. Her mother's friend Lili Dehn wrote that she was exceeding fair, dowered with the classic beauty of the Romanovs. 

Her French tutor Pierre Gilliard said Maria was tall and well-built, with rosy cheeks. Maria's eyes was often described as "soft and gentle". She had the same charming smile, the same shape of face." Sophie Buxhoeveden said that her eyes were magnificent, of a deep blue, and that her hair had golden lights in it.

She had a talent for drawing and sketched well, always using her left hand. She was uninterested in her schoolwork. Maria could be stubborn and lazy. Her mother complained in one letter that she was grumpy and shouted at the people who irritated her. Maria's moodiness mixed with her menstrual period. 

Maria had a kind, sweet personality. Grand Duke Vladimir Alexandrovich of Russia nicknamed her "The Amiable Baby" because of her good nature. Her older sisters Olga and Tatiana once referred to Maria as their "stepsister" because she was so good and never got into trouble.

In March of 1917, Maria and her family were under house arrest at Tsarskoye Selo. The family was then moved to the former governor's mansion in Tobolsk by the provisional government that replaced the monarchy. 

They were strictly supervised by 300 guards, their windows were sealed and painted over as higher and higher walls were built around the building. The commanding officers could access any of the family's rooms at any time and forced the prisoners to ring a bell to use the lavatory.

Throughout the civil war in 1918, the Bolsheviks grew worried that the White Army would seize the Romanovs, who could be a powerful symbol for the anti-Communist cause. The Ural Regional Soviet decided on June 29 to execute the family and received tentative approval from Moscow. On July 16, the captors were ordered to kill the family because the Red Army forces were retreating.

On July 17, 1918, Maria and her family were executed by Bolshevik agents with gunshots and bayonets at the Ipatiev House in Yekaterinburg. To avoid the corpses' discovery, the guards stripped the bodies of clothing and jewels, mutilated them with sulphuric acid and buried them in the Koptyaki forest.

Grand Duchess Tatiana Nikolaevna of Russia

Grand Duchess Tatiana Nikolaevna of Russia (Tatiana Nikolaevna Romanova; ; 10 June 1897 – 17 July 1918) was the second daughter of Nicholas II of Russia and Tsarina Alexandra Feodorovna. After she was murdered in the Russian Revolution of 1917, she was canonization as a passion bearer by the Russian Orthodox Church.

Tatiana was the younger sister of Grand Duchess Olga and the elder sister of Grand Duchess Maria, Grand Duchess Anastasia, and Tsarevich Alexei. 

During World War I, she chaired many charitable committees and along with her older sister Olga, trained to become a nurse. She tended to wounded soldiers on the grounds of Tsarskoye Selo from 1914 to 1917.

Tatiana was born on 10 June 1897. She was the second child and daughter of Emperor Nicholas II and Empress Alexandra. Her siblings were Grand Duchesses Olga, Maria, Anastasia, and Tsarevich Alexei of Russia. All of the children were close to one another and to their parents up until the end of their lives.

Like the other Romanov children, Tatiana was raised with austerity. She and her sisters slept on camp beds without pillows, took cold baths in the morning, and embroidered and knitted projects to be given as gifts or sold at charity bazaars.

In their household, Tatiana and Olga were known as "The Big Pair". They shared a bedroom and were very close to each another from early childhood.

Tatiana was a famous beauty. She was tall, slender, and elegant. She had dark auburn hair, gray eyes, and fine features. Many viewed her as the most beautiful of the four grand duchesses and the one who resembled their mother most. 

She most resembled her mother. Slender with auburn hair and clear gray eyes, she was strikingly good looking and enjoyed the attention her beauty got. 

According to Anna Vyrubova, when Tatiana grew up, she was the tallest and most graceful, beautiful, and romantic. Many officers fell in love with Tatiana, but there were no appropriate suitors for her. Meriel Buchanan described her beauty as "almost mystical." Alexander Mossolov, head of the Imperial Chancellery, wrote that Tatiana was the best-looking of all the sisters. When she was 8 years old, her tutor Pierre Gilliard said that she was prettier than her sister.

Despite her high status, Tatiana did not use her Imperial title. Her friends, family, and servants called her by her first name and patronym, Tatiana Nikolaevna. She did not claim the imperial title of Grand Duchess and replied that she was "Sister Romanova the Second".

Tatiana was a practical, nurturing leader. She who took care of the little ones, and who was a constant help to the household and always willing to help when in need.

Tatiana was interested in fashion. According to Sophie Buxhoeveden, She loved to dress. Any clothing, no matter how old, looked well on her. She knew how to put on her clothes, was admired and liked admiration." 

Her mother's friend Anna Vyrubova wrote that Tatiana was talented and that she could dress her mother's hair as well as a professional hair stylist. Sophie Buxhoeveden remembered that Tatiana once dressed her hair when her hairdresser was unavailable.

When World War I broke out, Tatiana became a Red Cross nurse with her mother and Olga. They cared for wounded soldiers in a private hospital on the grounds of Tsarskoye Selo. In September 1914, she was named patron of a war aid committee called the Tatiana Committee.

In March of 1917, Tatiana and her family were under house arrest at Tsarskoye Selo. The family was then moved to the former governor's mansion in Tobolsk by the provisional government that replaced the monarchy.

They were strictly supervised by 300 guards, their windows were sealed and painted over as higher and higher walls were built around the building. The commanding officers could access any of the family's rooms at any time and forced the prisoners to ring a bell to use the lavatory.

Throughout the civil war in 1918, the Bolsheviks grew worried that the White Army would seize the Romanovs, who could be a powerful symbol for the anti-Communist cause. The Ural Regional Soviet decided on June 29 to execute the family and received tentative approval from Moscow. On July 16, the captors were ordered to kill the family because the Red Army forces were retreating.

On July 17, 1918, Tatiana and her family were executed by Bolshevik agents with gunshots and bayonets at the Ipatiev House in Yekaterinburg. To avoid the corpses' discovery, the guards stripped the bodies of clothing and jewels, mutilated them with sulphuric acid and buried them in the Koptyaki forest.

Rally-X

Rally-X is a arcade video game released by Namco in 1980. The player moves a car around a maze. The player tries to collect 10 "flags".

Players can lose a life by:

In "Rally-X", there are two types of flags: regular flags and special flags. Special flags double the players points after collecting it. It will only work if the player does not lose a life. In "New Rally-X", there is another flag called a lucky flag. It fills up the car's fuel tank if it is empty. There is only one special flag or lucky flag.

Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaevna of Russia

Grand Duchess Olga Nikolaevna of Russia (Olga Nikolaevna Romanova; 15 November 1895 – 17 July 1918) was the eldest child of Nicholas II of Russia and Tsarina Alexandra Feodorovna. After she was murdered in the Russian Revolution of 1917, she was canonization as a passion bearer by the Russian Orthodox Church.

In the 1990s, her remains were identified through DNA testing and were buried in a funeral ceremony at Peter and Paul Cathedral in St. Petersburg alongwith her parents and two of her sisters.

Olga was born on 15 November 1895. She was the oldest child and daughter of Nicholas II and Empress Alexandra. She had four siblings, Grand Duchesses Tatiana, Maria, Anastasia, and Tsarevich Alexei of Russia.

In 1896, her father and her sister on a visit to Scotland, France, and Darmstadt. In France, Olga was very popular. Her father told his mother that Olga made a great impression everywhere.

Olga and her siblings were raised as simply as possible. They slept on hard camp cots unless they were ill, and they took cold baths every morning. She was most often paired with her sister Tatiana. The two girls shared a room, dressed alike, and were known as "The Big Pair."

Servants called Olga and her siblings by their first names and patronyms rather than by their imperial titles. Olga's friends and family generally called her simply Olga Nikolaevna.

Olga had chestnut-blonde hair, bright blue eyes, a broad face, and an upturned nose. She was considered less pretty than her sisters, Tatiana and Maria, She was slightly above the medium height, with a fresh complexion, deep blue eyes, quantities of light chestnut hair, and pretty hands and feet." Olga had sparkling blue eyes, charm of freshness, an enchanting existince that made her irresistible."

Olga was compassionate and sought to help others. As a child, she saw a little girl crying in the road. She threw her doll out of her carriage and gave it to the little girl.

When she was 20, she took control of a portion of her sizable fortune and began to respond independently to requests for charity. One day when she was out for a drive she saw a young child using crutches. She asked about the child and learned that the youngster's parents were too poor to afford treatment. She set aside an allowance to cover the child's medical bills.

Olga was highly intelligent and enjoyed studying. She enjoyed reading about politics and read newspapers. She reportedly enjoyed choosing from her mother's book selection.

Olga was musically gifted. She could play by ear anything she had heard, and could transpose complicated pieces of music and play the most difficult one at sight, and her touch on the piano was delightful. She also sang pretty in mezzosoprano.

During World War I, she trained to become a Red Cross nurse. Olga, her sister Tatiana, and her mother treated wounded soldiers at a hospital on the grounds of Tsarskoye Selo.

Nursing during the war provided Olga and her sister Tatiana with exposure to experiences they had not previously had. The girls enjoyed talking with fellow nurses at the hospital, women they would never have met if not for the war, and knew the names of their children and their family stories.

Olga cared for and pitied the soldiers she helped to treat. However, the stress of caring for wounded took a toll on her sensitive moody nerves.

On 19 October 1915 she was assigned office work at the hospital because she was no longer able to bear the gore of the operating theater. She was given arsenic injections in October 1915, at the time considered a treatment for depression or nervous disorders.

In March of 1917, Olga and her family were under house arrest at Tsarskoye Selo. The family was then moved to the former governor's mansion in Tobolsk by the provisional government that replaced the monarchy.

They were strictly supervised by 300 guards, their windows were sealed and painted over as higher and higher walls were built around the building. The commanding officers could access any of the family's rooms at any time and forced the prisoners to ring a bell to use the lavatory.

Throughout the civil war in 1918, the Bolsheviks grew worried that the White Army would seize the Romanovs, who could be a powerful symbol for the anti-Communist cause. The Ural Regional Soviet decided on June 29 to execute the family and received tentative approval from Moscow. On July 16, the captors were ordered to kill the family because the Red Army forces were retreating.

On July 17, 1918, Olga and her family were executed by Bolshevik agents with gunshots and bayonets at the Ipatiev House in Yekaterinburg. To avoid the corpses' discovery, the guards stripped the bodies of clothing and jewels, mutilated them with sulphuric acid and buried them in the Koptyaki forest.

Physical compression

Physical compression means that a material under compressive stress reduces its volume.

There are different uses of compression in physics and engineering. By compression it is possible to measure mechanical properties of materials such as compressive strength or modulus of elasticity. Scientists do this with press machines.

When gases are compressed, their volume becomes smaller as seen in the Ideal gas law. This compression is used in gas engines, for example in the Diesel engine as in any internal combustion engine and in the steam engine. 


Compressive strength

Compressive strength measures the pushing force that one needs to break a material. 

When the limit of compressive strength is reached, materials are crushed. Concrete can be made to have high compressive strength e.g. many concrete floors have compressive strength of 3000 p.s.i..


Strength of materials

The strength of materials is the ability of materials to resist force. That ability is an important topic in mechanical engineering. It describes the mechanical behaviors of materials in response to forces that act on objects (such as stress, deformation, strain and stress-strain relations). Usually, the strength of a material is described with units of pressure, because then the value can be applied to many different shapes. For example, a wire and a rod made out of the same steel may have the same tensile strength but the thicker rod will require more force to break.

Strength is considered in terms of compressive strength, tensile strength, and shear strength, but other properties are often considered, like impact strength and fracture toughness. The strength of materials will also change depending on the environment, such as when it is hot or cold, or humid or dry. Sometimes, the environment, or use over time will change the strength of materials over many hours, days, months, or even years. For example, some metals and metal alloys can become stronger or weaker after being used for many years, especially at high temperatures, because their microstructure, or structure on a very small scale, will change. In almost all materials, the microstructure is what is studied to understand and guess what the strength of a material will be, and it is also what scientists and engineers can modify to change a material (especially a metal). For plastics, many conditions can affect them by causing chemical changes: for example, water will make many plastics softer and weaker, and UV radiation from the Sun can damage many plastics and make them brittle and weak, including Kevlar.


Compression

Compression could mean:



Funeral Blues

"Funeral Blues" is a poem written in 1936 by W. H. Auden.

"Funeral Blues" is a simple poem about death, isolation (loneliness), emptiness and longing. The death of a lover may or may not be a literal event (actually happened). The poem is also about the end of a romantic relationship with somebody other than the person's spouse/partner. In four stanzas it moves from the time before the funeral (Stop all the clocks, Silence the pianos...), during the funeral itself (Bring out the coffin, let the mourners come...), after the funeral (He was my North, my South...), and the loneliness and grief that comes with it.

W. H. Auden

Wystan Hugh Auden (21 February 1907 – 29 September 1973) was a Anglo-American poet. He was born in York and moved to Harborne, Birmingham in 1908, then to New York City in 1939. He wrote several famous poems such as "Funeral Blues", and As I Walked Out One Evening. He signed his works W. H. Auden. He died in Vienna, Austria and is buried in Kirchstetten.

Auden was an Anglican and was gay. He married Erika Mann in 1935 to enable her to escape Nazi Germany. His partner from 1946 until his death was Chester Kallman (1921–1975).


Parsley

Parsley is a fresh flavored bright green herb. It used on food as a garnish and as a seasoning in soups,sauces and salads. Some people eat parsley to get their breath to smell better. Parsley can be easily grown in gardens, as well as inside the home, wherever there is plenty of indirect sunlight. Parsley needs good, light soil, good drainage and frequent watering to thrive indoors. To harvest parsely, cut the most mature stalks near the base that are still bright green. New shoots will grow for some time from the base of an established plant. Parsley is extraordinarily rich in vitamins C and A, minerals (especially potassium),beta-carotene, folate and dietary fiber. 

The following chart provides information on the nutritional values and caloric composition of parsley: 
Water content (grams per 100g) 87.71 
Calorie content of Food (kcals per 100g/3.5oz) 36 
Protein content (grams per 100g) 3.7 
Fat content (lipids) (grams per 100g) 1.2 
Ash content (grams per 100g) 2.1
Moisture (grams per 100g) 85.2 
Carbohydrate content (grams per 100g) 8.0 
Dietary Fiber content (grams per 100g) 4.1 

Édith Piaf

Édith Piaf (aka. "La Môme Piaf") (December 19, 1915 – October 11, 1963) was one of France's most-loved singers. Her real name was Édith Giovanna Gassion. She became a national icon. Her music was an image of her tragic life. Piaf was known for singing ballads in a heartbreaking voice. 

As child at her grandmother's in Normandy, she suffered from keratitis, but
1925 - 10 A pilgrimage to Lisieux in the Normandy honoring Saint Thérèse of Lisieux / (Sainte Thérèse de l'Enfant-Jésus), and the intense devoutness of the family resulted in a miraculous healing, Édith said.

1930 – 15 Her manager gave her the stage name "", "la Môme", Édith Piaf, or just Piaf. She was only tall and puny, but sharp and lively like a sparrow. She always wore a black dress on the stage.

She sang first in Pigalle, then in "Le Gerny", the nightclub of Louis Leplée near the Champs-Élysées.
She met Raymond Asso (1901-1968) and Marguerite Monnot (1903-1961), who wrote and composed her best songs; she stroke up an acquaintance with actor and singer Maurice Chevalier.

1948 – 32 The love of Piaf's life, the boxer Marcel Cerdan, middleweight champion of the world, died in a plane crash in October 1949, in the Azores, while flying from Paris to New York City to meet her. 

1952 – 36 Piaf married Jacques Pills in 1952 (her matron of honour was Marlene Dietrich). She divorced him in 1956. In 1962, she wed Théo Sarapo (Theophanis Lamboukas), a Greek hairdresser who was 20 years her junior. 

She suffered from different illnesses during her life, especially after several car crashes.

1963 – 47 Piaf died of liver cancer at Plascassier, near Grasse (Département Alpes-Maritimes), on 10 October 1963. 

Among her most famous songs are ""Mon légionnaire"" (1936), ""Le fanion de la Légion"" (1936), ""La vie en rose"" (1946), ""Hymne à l'amour"" (1949), ""Padam... Padam..."" (1951), ""l'Accordéoniste"" (1955), ""Les amants d'un jour"" (1956),""La foule"" (1957), ""Milord"" (1959) and ""Non, je ne regrette rien"" (1960). 

Although she was denied a solemn funeral mass, her funeral procession from her residence, Boulevard Lannes (Paris, XVI arr.) drew tens of thousands of mourners onto the streets of Paris, that caused a huge traffic jam. The ceremony at the cemetery‚ Le Père-Lachaise (Paris, XX arr.), was attended by more than 100,000 fans. 



Weed

A weed is a plant that people think is bad, because it is growing in the wrong place. Only smaller plants are often called weeds.

A person may grow a plant because it has beautiful flowers, but other people may think that this plant is a weed for some reason. This may be for one of these reasons:

If someone is farming a plant and it then moves outside the farm, the plant may then be called a weed.

Some plants are very hard to stop once they start growing. These are called invasive weeds. 

Weed is also a name for any wild plant, one that people do not use for anything.

Ternopil

Ternopil () is a city in western Ukraine. It is also the administrative centre of the Ternopil region. The city has about 245,000 inhabitants (2004) and lies on the Siret River.

The city was part of the Austrian Habsburg Empire from 1772 until 1918, and it belonged to Poland before 1772. When the Austrain empire fell in 1918, Turnopil beccame part of the short-lived ZUNR (Western Ukrainian National Republic). After heavy battles between Polish troops and Ukrainian Galician Army troops, the city was occupied by Poland in 1920. However, it was only part of Poland for less than 20 years, and in September 1939, it was taken by Soviet troops and annexed to the USSR. Ternopil became part of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic. When the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, it became a part of Independent Ukraine.

Justin Lee Collins

Justin Lee Collins (born 28 July 1974) is an English television and radio presenter and former stand-up comedian from Bristol. Collins co-hosted "The Friday Night Project" on Channel 4 with Alan Carr.

Alan Carr

Alan Carr (born 14 June 1976) is an English television presenter and stand-up comedian. Carr was born in Weymouth, Dorset, and grew up in Northampton. He presented Channel 4's The Friday Night Project with Justin Lee Collins. Carr is openly gay. He hosts "Alan Carr: Chatty Man".


Cremation

Cremation is the act of burning a body after it has died. Cremation is a popular option to dispose of (get rid of) a body instead of burying it. The place where cremations take place is called a crematorium or crematory.

Religions which approve cremation include Christianity, Jehovah's Witnesses, Buddhism, Hinduism, Jainism, Sikhism, Shinto, and Neopaganism. Traditional Judaism and Mormonism strongly discourage cremation, although the first reference to cremation in the Hebrew Bible is found in 1 Samuel 31, where it states that the dead bodies of Saul and his sons are burned, and their bones are buried. Neo-Confucianism and Zoroastrianism disapprove it. Many Muslims believe cremation is forbidden. However, some Muslims, such as Quranists, believe cremation is permissible in Islam as there is no prohibition in the Qur'an against cremation, and that burial is not the only Islamic method that is approved by God.

A natural gas cremation releases around 126kg of carbon dioxide.

Cremated remains (also called "ashes") are returned to the person's family. The family then has a few options of what to do with the remains. Usually the ashes are buried in an urn at a cemetery plot just as a coffin is buried in normal earth burial. Many religions require the ashes to be handled in dignified manner. In Scandinavia it is customary to bury the ashes ín an urn in a family grave (a grave which contains the remains of many family members). Family graves are also popular in Japan and Thailand.

Sometimes the cremated person has thought about what they want to be done with their remains and have shared their desires with their family. Cremated remains can be kept in a container called an urn, which in turn can be buried on cemetery plot or placed in a depot called "columbarium", or thrown into the air or water of a place that was special to the cremated person, or buried anonymously in the ground. These are the most popular choices of what to do with remains. There are also other, less common, options of how to dispose of the remains. Some examples of ways to scatter the remains are: through fireworks, shot from guns, or dropped from an airplane or hot air balloon. Remains can even be sent into space or turned into a diamond. The latter can be done because humans and diamonds are both made largely from carbon.

Queen Victoria is the most well-known mourner because she went into a state of mourning for several decades. To honour her late Prince Albert, Queen Victoria "took to wearing black jet jewelry, from Whitby, in Yorkshire". As a limited and fairly difficult medium to work with, jet was expensive. It's a hard material, requiring skilled craftsmanship to avoid breakage during carving.



Spartacus

Spartacus (circa 120 BC – circa 70 BC, at the end of the Third Servile War), according to Roman historians, was a gladiator-slave who became the leader of an unsuccessful slave uprising against the Roman Republic. 


George Africanus

George John Scipio Africanus (1763—1834) was a West African slave who became a successful businessman in Nottingham, England.

Booker T. Washington

Booker Taliaferro Washington (April 5, 1856, – November 14, 1915) was an American political leader, teacher and author. He was born into slavery, but was eventually freed. He was one of the most important people in African American history in the United States from 1890 to 1915.

Washington helped start the Tuskegee Institute, which was a university for African-American students, after attending the Hampton Institute. Washington believed that in order to create a peaceful post-slavery society, black and white people needed to "cast down the bucket" and become friends with each other. He saw violence and protests against discrimination of blacks as holding grudges between the races. Washington also stated that freed blacks should not aim for Congress right away, they needed to start by being able to support themselves economically.

Washington was invited to dinner by President Theodore Roosevelt. The President wanted to appoint Washington to advise him on issues of race. This upset some American people. African Americans had visited the White House before but had never been asked to dine there. In reaction several newspapers published a racist poem called "Niggers in the White House". The poem was published again when the wife of Representative Oscar DePriest had tea with wife of President Hoover.

Scipio Africanus

Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus (236–183 BC) was a general in the Second Punic War and a politician of the Roman Republic. He was best known for defeating Hannibal of Carthage.

Scipio won the battle of Zama in North Africa. He got the last name "Africanus" and became known as one of the best commanders in military history. The battle was a complete disaster for Carthage, who had to beg for peace, and were given humiliating terms by Rome.

Blessing

A blessing is way to wish good luck for a person. Sometimes, in religious rituals, it is said the God blesses those who are good, or people can bless God with anointing. In Judaism, they bless God over wine. The priests can also bless religious objects in order to make them become holy.

The saying "bless you" is commonly used when someone sneezes. This is done because there is a tradition carried by the superstition that a person's soul will come out of their mouth and nose if they sneeze. People believed that saying "God bless you," or "bless you" for short, would make the soul go back inside. They are wishing the person good luck so that their soul is able to come back. 

People also think that if unusual good luck or a miracle comes to them, it is a blessing. For example, if some people wanted a child badly but are having difficulty conceiving, it could be considered a blessing from God if they end up having a child.

To "give your blessing" to someone is to give permission to them. For example, a man can ask his girlfriend's parents' for their blessing before he asks her to marry him.

Blessings are often thought of as the opposite of a curse.

Karel Svoboda

Karel Svoboda (19 December 1938 – 28 January 2007) was a Czech composer of popular music. He wrote music for many TV series in the 1970s.

Karel Svoboda was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia (now Prague, Czech Republic) and began his career as a pop composer after stopping studying medicine in his third year of university. He became a member of the rock band "Mefisto" in the 1950s. Later, he composed music for the "Laterna Magica" theatre in Prague and for many Czech singers. In 1969 he wrote "Lady Carneval" for Karel Gott, a major Czech pop star. Svoboda wrote a total of 80 songs for him.

Svoboda composed TV scores for the German channel ZDF for over 30 years. He wrote the scores to many TV series in the 1970s that a whole generation of Europeans grew up with. Some examples of these TV series are Vicky the Viking, Maya the Bee and The Wonderful Adventures of Nils.

Svoboda wrote scores for almost 90 films and TV series.

Svoboda was found fatally shot in the garden of his villa at Jevany on January 28, 2007. It is believed that he committed suicide.


Third Servile War

The Third Servile War, also called the Gladiator War and The War of Spartacus by Plutarch, was the last of several slave rebellions against the Roman Republic. 

These are called the Servile Wars. The first two Servile Wars were in Sicily and not very big. The Third Servile War was dangerous for Italia itself, and was hopeful for the slaves because the slaves won several battles against the Roman army between 73 and 71 BC. But the rebellion was defeated in 71 BC by Marcus Licinius Crassus. The rebellion had indirect effects on Roman politics for many years.

In 71 BC, a band of slaves escaped. At first a small group of about 70 gladiators escaped. The band grew to over 120,000. Men, women and children wandered throughout Italy, and raided with not much resistance. Their leaders included the famous gladiator-general Spartacus. 

The able-bodied adults of this band were a surprisingly effective armed force. They showed they could withstand the Roman military, from the local Campanian patrols, to the Roman militia, and finally they destroyed an army of trained Roman legions under consular command. Plutarch described the actions of the slaves as an attempt to escape their masters and flee through Cisalpine Gaul, while Appian and Florus depicted the revolt as a civil war in which the slaves tried to capture the city of Rome itself.

The Roman Senate's grew alarmed about the military successes of this band, and their damage to Roman towns and the countryside. Eventually, after several defeats, the Senate put an army of eight legions under the harsh but effective leadership of Marcus Licinius Crassus. The war ended in 71 BC when the armies of Spartacus, after long and bitter fighting, retreated before the legions of Crassus. Realizing that the legions of Gnaeus Pompeius Magnus and Marcus Terentius Varro Lucullus were moving in to trap them, they launched their full strength against Crassus' legions and were utterly destroyed.

The Third Servile War was significant to the broader history of ancient Rome mostly in its effect on the careers of Pompey and Crassus. The two victorious generals used their success to further their political careers, using their public acclaim and the implied threat of their legions to sway the consular elections of 70 BC in their favor. Their actions as Consuls damaged Roman political institutions and led, after Caesar's death, to events which turned the Roman Republic into the Roman Empire.

Works at LacusCurtius.



Vibrating string

A vibration in a string is a wave. A vibrating string mostly produces a sound with constant frequency. As frequency characterizes the pitch, the sound produced is a constant note.

Vibrating strings are the basis of any string instrument like guitar, cello, or piano.



Angular momentum

The angular momentum or rotational momentum ("L") of an object rotating about an axis is the product of its moment of inertia and its angular velocity:
where

These ideas are part of Physics.

There are three kinds of angular momentum: the vibrational angular momentum, the spin angular momentum and the orbital angular momentum. 

The vibrational angular momentum is that of photons. Its minimum portion is the Planck quantum of vibration or action:

According to this picture, the creation of photons is to be viewed like the plucking of a guitar—as a sudden increment in the excitation of one of the modes of vibration.
... to an energy quantum of vibration, such as that of Planck, there must correspond an energy quantum of rotation ... 
The Planck quantum of action, "h", has precisely the dimensions of an angular momentum ... 
The spin angular momentum is that of an object turning around an axis which passes through the object's centre (for example, a top spinning around its central axis).

An object that is very spread-out from the axis of rotation has a large moment of inertia—it is very hard to make it start spinning, but once it gets going, it is very hard to make it stop. Similarly, it is easier to make an object start spinning at a low angular velocity than to make it start spinning at a high angular velocity. This is why the spin angular momentum depends both on how spread-out the object is (moment of inertia) and how fast it is spinning (angular velocity).

The orbital angular momentum is that of an object revolving around an axis which does not pass through the object's centre. For example, the Sun and the Earth orbit each other by revolving around an axis that passes through the Sun, but not through the Sun's centre. The orbital angular momentum measures how hard it would be to make the object stop revolving around the axis.

Angular momentum is a conserved quantity—an object's angular momentum stays constant unless an external torque acts on it.

Angular momentum has both a direction and a magnitude, and both are conserved. Motorcycles, frisbees and rifled bullets all owe their useful properties to conservation of angular momentum. Conservation of angular momentum is also why hurricanes have spirals and neutron stars have high rotational rates. In general, conservation limits the possible motion of a system but does not uniquely determine it.



Axle

An axle is a central shaft for a rotating wheel or gear. In some cases the axle may be fixed in position with a bearing or bushing sitting inside the hole in the wheel or gear to allow the wheel or gear to rotate around the axle. In other cases the wheel or gear may be fixed to the axle, with bearings or bushings provided at the mounting points where the axle is supported. Sometimes, especially on bicycles, the latter type is referred to as a spindle.

Axles are an important structural component of a wheeled vehicle. The axles maintain the position of the wheels relative to each other and to the vehicle body. Since for most vehicles the wheels are the only part touching the ground, the axles must bear the weight of the vehicle plus any cargo.


Gear

Gears are mechanical parts with cut teeth designed to fit with teeth on another part or gear so as to transmit or receive force and motion. Gears are also sometimes called toothed wheels or cogged wheels or cogs. The cut teeth are also sometimes called cogs.

Numerous nonferrous alloys, cast irons, powder-metallurgy and even plastics are used in the manufacture of gears. However steels are most commonly used because of their high strength to weight ratio and high cost.



Gear (disambiguation)

A gear is a toothed wheel designed to transmit force (torque) to another gear or toothed component.

"Gear" can also mean:


GEAR may refer to:

Gearshift

A gearshift (US English), gearstick, or gear lever (both UK English) is a metal rod connected with the manual transmission of an automobile that is used to choose the gear. In an automatic transmission, the same rod is usually called a gear selector.

Transmission

In mechanics, a transmission or gearbox means gears working together. The most common transmission is the transmission in a car.

In a car, the engine makes the crankshaft spin. The crankshaft makes the transmission's gears spin, which spin some more parts, which make the wheels spin. But the wheels do not spin as fast as the engine makes the crankshaft spin. That is because the gears are made to slow down the spinning. The gears also give the spinning more force (or to be more scientifically exact, more torque), so the wheels can make the entire car move. Most transmissions have a breather vent to let hot air escape.

A transmission has some gears that change the torque more than other gears. That is why a transmission has a first gear, second gear, third gear, and sometimes more gears. There is also a reverse gear and neutral. An automatic transmission shifts between gears by itself (except reverse gear, and a parking gear). A manual transmission needs the driver to decide when to shift gears. Manual transmission is also called standard transmission. This is confusing because almost all cars in the U.S. have automatic transmission. In other words, since the late 20th century "standard" transmission has been unusual. A manual transmission usually has a clutch pedal, which the driver must press while shifting gears. An automatic transmission has a fluid coupling called a torque converter instead of a clutch. Some cars have a "clutchless" manual (semi-automatic) transmission, which has an automatic clutch (no clutch pedal), but does not shift gears by itself.

A layshaft is the middle shaft within a gearbox (transmission). When the clutch is engaged, the layshaft turns constantly. All gears on the layshaft turn at the same rate and are permanently attached. It carries gears but does not transfer the primary drive of the gearbox in of the gearbox or out of the gearbox. Layshafts are mostly known through their use in car gearboxes. The oil level in a gearbox is set to layshaft height. That way the spinning gears distribute oil to all the gears.

Not all transmissions are in cars. For example, bicycles have transmissions. You can see the gears, so it is easier to see how it works.

Hydraulics

Hydraulics is a topic of science and engineering subject dealing with the mechanical properties of liquids. Many machines work on hydraulic power.

One of the founders of modern hydraulics was Benedetto Castelli, a student of Galileo Galilei.

Fluid mechanics provides the theoretical foundation for hydraulics, which focuses on the engineering uses of fluid properties. 



List of U.S. states and territories by area

This is a complete list of the U.S. states, federal district, and its major territories ordered by total area, land area, and water area. 

Notes

Tom Vilsack

Thomas James Vilsack (born December 13, 1950) is an American politician. Vilsack is the 32nd and current United States Secretary of Agriculture since 2021 during the Joe Biden presidency. He was also the 30th Secretary of Agriculture from 2009 to 2017 during the Barack Obama presidency. He was the Governor of Iowa from 1999 to 2007. 

Vilsack was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. At college, he met and married his wife, Christie. They moved to Iowa after graduation. They have two children.

Vilsack served in the Iowa State Senate before he ran for governor in 1998. He won that election and the next one in 2002. He chose not to run again in 2006.

In December 2006, Vilsack said he would run for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008. He dropped out of the race a few months later. He endorsed New York Senator Hillary Clinton.

In December 2020, then-President-elect Joe Biden nominated Vilsack to serve as Agriculture Secretary for a second time. On February 23, 2021 the United States Senate confirmed Vilsack's nomination a second time with a 92-7 vote.


Actinide

The actinide series is the 15 chemical elements between actinium and lawrencium on the periodic table. They have the atomic numbers between 89 and 103. The actinide series is named after actinium. All of the elements are radioactive. Uranium is the most common natural actinide, and thorium second.

The term ‘actinide series’ has been derived from the first element of the series, actinium. The symbol An is used while referring to any of the actinide series elements.

All actinide series elements are radioactive in nature, they release a large amount of energy on radioactive decay. Uranium and thorium are the most abundant naturally occurring actinides on earth, whereas plutonium is synthetically obtained.

Opera Software

Opera Software is a company in Oslo, Norway that makes Opera, a set of tools for using the Internet.

Latin Grammy Award

The Latin Grammy Awards are awards given yearly by the Latin Recording Academy (an association of professionals who work in the Latin music industry) for outstanding work in the Latin music field. The award process is very similar to its American counterpart, the Grammy Awards. The Latin Grammy Awards was created because its organizers thought that the many musical styles of Latin music was too big to fit on the Grammy Awards. The Latin Grammy Awards focuses on music released in Latin America, Spain, Portugal, and the United States. One major difference between the Grammy Awards and the Latin Grammy Awards is that a recording that does not have to be released in the United States. To be considered for a Latin Grammy nomination, the song or album must be sung in Spanish or Portuguese.


Tiananmen Square

Tian'anmen Square (Tian'anmen Guangchang) is a large plaza near the center of Beijing, China. It is named after the Tian'anmen ("Gate of Heavenly Peace") which sits to its north, separating it from the Forbidden City (Zijincheng). Outside of China, the square is well known for the Tian'anmen Square protests of 1989.

The square is 880 meters south to north and 500 meters east to west, a total area of 440,000 square meters. It is the largest open-urban square in the world.

Hot sauce

Hot sauce, chili sauce, or pepper sauce are all spicy condiments made from chili peppers.

University of Prishtina

The University of Prishtina is the name of two public universities in Kosovo, sharing the same history up to a point of separation, which took place in 1999. The university was founded in the city of Prishtina in 1970 and segregated as a result of ethnic-based polarisation. The two separate institutions are using the same name, in Prishtina (Priština) and Mitrovica.



Kosovska Mitrovica

South of Mitrovica is a town in North Kosovo Over 96,250 people live in Kosovska Mitrovica, The town used to be called Titova Mitrovica. Originally it was named after Saint Dimitrije.

There is the University of Pristina in Kosovska Mitrovica.


Figure

Figure could mean:


Bending

"This article is about the structural behavior. For other meanings see Bending (disambiguation)."

In engineering and mechanics, bending (also known as flexure) characterizes the behavior of a structural element subjected to a lateral load (i.e. at right angles to its length). 

A structural element subjected to bending is known as a beam. Stiffness is its ability to resist bending.

A closet rod sagging under the weight of clothes is an example of a beam experiencing bending.


Bending (disambiguation)

Bending can refer to the following:


Torsion

The word means "twisted".

Torsion (mechanics)

In solid mechanics, torsion is the twisting of an object that is result of an applied torque. In circular sections, the resultant shearing stress is perpendicular to the radius.

The shear stress at a point on a shaft is:
"T" is the applied torque, "r" is the distance from the center of rotation, and "J" is the polar moment of inertia.

The angle of twist can be found by using:
Where:


Shaft

Shaft can refer to 

Polar moment of inertia

The polar second moment of area (also referred to as "polar moment of inertia") is a measure of an object's ability to resist torsion as a function of its shape. It is one aspect of the linked through the where the planar second moment of area uses a beam's cross-sectional shape to describe its resistance to deformation (bending) when subjected to a force applied in a plane parallel to its neutral axis, the polar second moment of area uses a beam's cross-sectional shape to describe its resistance to deformation (torsion) when a moment (torque) is applied in a plane perpendicular to the beam's neutral axis. While the planar second moment of area is most often denoted by the letter, formula_1, the polar second moment of area is most often denoted by either, formula_2, or the letter, formula_3, in engineering textbooks.

The calculated values for the polar second moment of area are most often used describe a solid or hollow cylindrical shaft's resistance to torsion, as in a vehicle's axle or drive shaft. When applied to non-cylindrical beams or shafts, the calculations for the polar second moment of area becomes erroneous due to warping of the shaft/beam. In these instances, a should be used, where a correctional constant is added to the value's calculation. 

The polar second moment of area carries the units of length to the fourth power (formula_4); meters to the fourth power (formula_5) in the metric unit system, and inches to the fourth power (formula_6) in the imperial unit system. The mathematical formula for direct calculation is given as a multiple integral over a shape's area, formula_7, at a distance formula_8 from an arbitrary axis formula_9. 

formula_10. 

In the most simple form, the polar second moment of area is a summation of the two planar second moments of area, formula_11 and formula_12. Using the Pythagorean theorem, the distance from axis formula_9, formula_8, can be broken into its formula_15 and formula_16 components, and the change in area, formula_17, broken into its formula_15 and formula_16 components, formula_20 and formula_21.

Given the two formulas for the planar second moments of area:

formula_22, and formula_23

The relation to the polar second moment of area can be shown as:

formula_10

formula_25

formula_26

formula_27

In essence, as the magnitude of the polar second moment of area increases (i.e. large object cross-sectional shape), more torque will be required to cause a torsional deflection of the object. However, it must be noted that this does not have any bearing on the torsional rigidity provided to an object by its constituent materials; the polar second moment of area is simply rigidity provided to an object by its shape alone. Torsional rigidity provided by material characteristics is known as the , formula_28. Linking these two components of rigidity, one can calculate the angle of twist of a beam, formula_29, using:

formula_30

Where formula_31 is the applied moment (torque) and formula_32 is the length of the beam. As shown, higher torques and beam lengths lead to higher angular deflections, where higher values for the polar second moment of area, formula_33, and material shear modulus, formula_28, reduces the potential for angular deflections.



Burial

Burial is the act of placing an object or dead body into the ground, specifically a grave.

Human bodies are usually buried in a cemetery. It is common practice in many places to put bodies into a coffin and place the coffin into the grave. The grave is then usually marked with a headstone so that people know who has died and can visit them.

In the past, often during times of war, many bodies have been placed into the same grave without coffins. This is called a "mass burial" or a "mass grave".


Gila monster

The Gila monster () is a venomous desert lizard. The Gila monster’s name comes from the Gila River in Arizona, USA.

The Gila monster is heavy and slow for a lizard. It can grow up to 2 feet(60 cm) long. Its skin looks like beads and is black, pink, orange, and yellow. It looks a lot like the Mexican beaded lizard, which is its closest relative.

The Gila monster can bite quickly and hold on tightly, but it does not kill humans. It usually eats small rodents, young birds and eggs. The lizard chews its prey, injecting its venom (poison) into the animal through teeth in its lower jaw. The Gila monster can also store food in its tail.

In 2005 a medicine to treat diabetes was made from the Gila monster’s saliva. Some people who take it call it "lizard spit" as a joke.

Elizabeth Smart

Elizabeth Ann Smart (born November 3, 1987) is an American woman who was kidnapped when she was 14 from her home in Salt Lake City, Utah on June 5, 2002. She was found alive on March 12, 2003 about 20 miles from her home. She was found with two homeless adults, Brian David Michell and Wanda Barzee. Barzee was Mitchell's legal wife. Police believe that Elizabeth was taken to be Mitchell's second wife.

Smart has put the kidnapping behind her. She is now studying harp at Brigham Young University. She would like to play harp in an orchestra or teach the harp to others. She has appeared on television in support of laws that would give child sex offenders a harsher punishment. She has said very little publicly about her kidnapping. She has also made it clear that she does not want to publicly comment very much about her ordeal.

Bury

Bury is a town in the north of the metropolitan county of Greater Manchester in North West England. 

Bury is between Rochdale and Salford; the town is a dormitory town in a northern suburb of Manchester. It is just west of the M66 motorway, and is the largest settlement of the Metropolitan Borough of Bury. It has a population of 60,718.

It has a flourishing market which won Britain’s Favourite Market Award in 2019. It is famous for Bury Black Puddings.

Salma Hayek

Salma Valgarma Hayek Jiménez (born September 2, 1966) is an Academy Award-nominated Mexican actress, Emmy-winning director, movie producer and television producer. She is the most successful Latin-American actress in Hollywood since Carmen Miranda. Hayek has appeared in more than thirty movies and worked as an actress outside of Hollywood in Mexico and Spain.

She is known for starring in films such as "Desperado" (1995), "Wild Wild West" (1999), "Frida" (2002), "Once Upon a Time in Mexico" (2003), "Grown Ups" (2010), "Savages" (2012), "Grown Ups 2" (2013), "The Hitman's Bodyguard" (2017), and "House of Gucci" (2021). She played Ajak in the Marvel Cinematic Universe film "Eternals" (2021), which emerged as her highest-grossing live action film. Hayek, who is of both Spanish and Lebanese descent, subsequently became the first Arab actress with a main role in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Hayek's charitable work includes increasing awareness on violence against women and discrimination against immigrants.

Salma Hayek was born in Coatzacoalcos, Mexico. Her father, Sami Hayek is Lebanese and was a politician. Her mother, Diana Jiménez is a Mexican and was an opera singer. At 12 years old Salma left the town and went to a catholic boarding school in Louisiana. She had a bad manners and had to leave the school. She moved to her aunt in Texas and stayed until she was 17 years old. After the graduation, she went back to her hometown and studied international relations and drama in Mexico City.

Hayek longed to be an actress and ended the study. She had her first appearance in the Mexican telenovela "Teresa". There, she played a main role. Using this role, she was known in Mexico. Later, she left the Show.

In 1991, she went to Los Angeles and started a career there, but she had little knowledge of English. There, she did drama and elocution lessons. In January 1993, she got a supporting role in "Mi Vida Loca". In 1995, she played in "Desperado" with Antonio Banderas. She got an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award nomination for her role in "Frida" as best actress in 2003.

On 9 March 2007, she confirmed her engagement with the French businessman François-Henri Pinault and her pregnancy. In September 2007, she bore a daughter, Valentina Paloma Pinault on the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California. In July 2008, they separated. They reconciled and married in February 2009. They married for the second time in April 2009.

She speaks Spanish, Arabic, Portuguese and English.

Pellagra

Pellagra is a disease caused by a lack of niacin (vitamin B3). Niacin is found in most foods. A person can die from pellagra if it is not treated. The main results of pellagra can be remembered as "the four D's": diarrhea, dermatitis, dementia, and death.Some symptoms of pellagra according to a few sources are abdominal cramping,depression,diarrhea,headache,loss of appetite,mucus membrane inflammation,dilated cardiomyopathy. It is also caused due to cellular deficiency of niacin, chronic alcoholism or gastro-intestinal malabsorption. It can be prevented by adequate intake of niacin or foods rich in vitamin B3 and dietary advice to vulnerable groups.

Dermatitis

Dermatitis means "inflammation of the skin." It looks like a red rash in most cases. It most often refers to eczema.

Chet Culver

Chester John "Chet" Culver (born January 25, 1966) is the former Governor of Iowa.

Culver was born in Washington, D.C.. His father, John Culver, was a United States Senator. Before entering politics, Culver was a teacher.

In 1998, Culver won election to be the Iowa Secretary of State. He was reelected in 2002. After Governor Tom Vilsack said he would not run for Governor in 2006, Culver became a Democratic candidate for Governor. In November 2006, he defeated his Republican opponent, Jim Nussle, and in January he became Governor of Iowa. He lost to Terry Branstad in the 2010 election.


Duel

A duel is a fight of the two people who have similar deadly weapons and have agreed to a set of rules before the fight takes place. The fight is usually about a matter of honor. The goal of a duel is not usually to kill the opponent but to restore the honor of the man who declared the duel. Duels are not official laws, they are carried out by individuals.

Duels were practiced from the 15th to 20th century in Western societies. For example, in 1804 in the United States the politicians Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton had a duel. Since the American Civil War, all U.S. states have criminalized dueling, with punishments for dueling ranging from not being allowed to run for public office to the death penalty. Dueling was outlawed because groups against dueling formed and were successful. Dueling with pistols would usually only last 3 shots. 

Duels could be fought with swords or pistols.

The person who felt offended or dishonored had to "challenge" his opponent to a duel. This was usually done by throwing his glove down in front of the opponent or by hitting him in the face with a glove. Each person had to then find a person to be his "second". The job of the seconds was to choose a place to duel and to decide whether or not the weapons were equal.

The person who declared the duel got to choose when the duel would be finished. Common endings to duels were:




The Castle (movie)

The Castle is a 1997 Australian movie. "The Castle" starred Michael Caton and Anne Tenney and was filmed in Melbourne, Australia.

"The Castle" was made in 11 days for about AUD$750,000. Some people have said that "The Castle" is a very simple movie because it was filmed cheaply and quickly. However, fans of the movie generally appreciate it because it is a good movie that was made on a low budget. The movie was popular in Australia. Some people outside Australia did not understand some of the humor.

The story is about the Kerrigan family, who have been living in their home—their "castle"—for years. Their house is next to the local airport. The airport wants the Kerrigans to move so that they can build a new building on the Kerrigans' land. Darryl Kerrigan is the father. He does not want to leave his house, so he fights the airport in court. At first he loses in court because his lawyer is not very good. Then he meets a very good lawyer (a Queen's Counsel). The Queen's Counsel argues very well and the Kerrigans can keep their house.

"The Castle" is funny to Australians because the movie is about ordinary people. They are not rich or stylish, but they are good people. Australians like the idea of "the little Aussie battler", someone who is hard-working even when life is tough. The movie title is named for the English saying, which is said many time during the movie, "A man's home is his castle." The movie also talks about the land rights movement of the Australian Aborigines. Darryl Kerrigan compares his problem to the Aboriginals problems about land. The movie talks about famous Australian Constitutional Law Cases, like Mabo and the Tasmanian Dams Case.


It is common in Australia to humorously quote lines from ""The Castle"". Some of the most popular of these are:


Documenta

documenta is one of the most important exhibitions of modern art in the world. Since 1955, it takes place every five years in Kassel, Germany. 



Al Pacino

Alfredo James "Al" Pacino (born April 25, 1940) is an American actor. He has won an Academy Award for Best Actor an Emmy Award, and two Tony Awards. He is known for movie roles in "Scarface" and "The Godfather". Pacino is the co-president, along with Ellen Burstyn and Harvey Keitel, of the Actors Studio.

Pacino has three children. The eldest, Julie Marie (born 1989), is his daughter with acting coach Jan Tarrant. He also has twins, son Anton James and daughter Olivia Rose (born 2001), with actress Beverly D'Angelo. They had a relationship from 1996 to 2003. Pacino had a relationship with Diane Keaton, his co-star in the Godfather Trilogy. Other women he has had relationships with include Tuesday Weld, Marthe Keller, Kathleen Quinlan and Lyndall Hobbs. Pacino has never married.

Pacino has been nominated and has won many awards during his acting career. These include eight Oscar nominations (winning one), 15 Golden Globe nominations (winning four), five BAFTA nominations (winning two), two Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on television, and two Tony Awards for his work on the stage. In 2007, the American Film Institute awarded Pacino with a lifetime achievement award. In 2003 British television viewers voted Pacino as the greatest movie star of all time in a poll for Channel 4.

Balfour Declaration of 1917

The Balfour Declaration was a letter from British Foreign Secretary Arthur Balfour to banker and prominent Jewish leader (Zionist) Walter Rothschild, 2nd Baron Rothschild, dated 2 November 1917.

The Balfour Declaration of 1917 consisted of a public statement by the government of the United Kingdom during the First World War. In this letter, The declaration, Arthur Balfour declared on behalf of His Majesty's Government, that Britain supported plans for a Jewish homeland in Palestine.

The issuance of the Declaration had many long lasting consequences, and was a key moment in the lead-up to the Arab–Israeli conflict, often referred to as the world's "most intractable conflict".

Radius

In geometry, the radius of a circle or sphere, written as formula_1, is the shortest connection between the center and the boundary. It is either the distance from the center to the perimeter (in the case of a circle), or the distance from the center to the surface (in the case of a sphere). It is half of the diameter. That is, when "r" is the radius and "d" is the diameter:

"r" = "d" ÷ 2

"d" = 2 x "r" = "r" + "r"

The relationship between the radius formula_2 and the circumference formula_3 of a circle is 
formula_4

The area formula_5 of a circle of radius 
formula_2 is 
formula_7



