Fresnay-sur-Sarthe

Fresnay-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, the former communes of Coulombiers and Saint-Germain-sur-Sarthe were merged into Fresnay-sur-Sarthe.

Fyé

Fyé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Gesnes-le-Gandelin

Gesnes-le-Gandelin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Grandchamp, Sarthe

Grandchamp is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Gréez-sur-Roc

Gréez-sur-Roc is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. In 2017, 332 people lived there.

Guécélard

Guécélard is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Jauzé

Jauzé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Joué-en-Charnie

Joué-en-Charnie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Joué-l'Abbé

Joué-l'Abbé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Juigné-sur-Sarthe

Juigné-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Juillé, Sarthe

Juillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Jupilles

Jupilles is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

La Bazoge, Sarthe

La Bazoge is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Bosse (Sarthe)

La Bosse is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Bruère-sur-Loir

La Bruère-sur-Loir is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Chapelle-aux-Choux

La Chapelle-aux-Choux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Chapelle-d'Aligné

La Chapelle-d'Aligné is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

La Chapelle-du-Bois

La Chapelle-du-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Chapelle-Gaugain

La Chapelle-Gaugain is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Loir en Vallée.

La Chapelle-Huon

La Chapelle-Huon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Chapelle-Saint-Aubin

La Chapelle-Saint-Aubin is a commune. It is found the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in west France.

La Chapelle-Saint-Fray

La Chapelle-Saint-Fray is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Chapelle-Saint-Rémy

La Chapelle-Saint-Rémy is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Chartre-sur-le-Loir

La Chartre-sur-le-Loir is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Ferté-Bernard

La Ferté-Bernard is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Flèche

La Flèche is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Fontaine-Saint-Martin

La Fontaine-Saint-Martin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Fresnaye-sur-Chédouet

La Fresnaye-sur-Chédouet is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. Since 2015, it became a part of Villeneuve-en-Perseigne.

La Guierche

La Guierche is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Milesse

La Milesse is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Quinte

La Quinte is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

La Suze-sur-Sarthe

La Suze-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Laigné-en-Belin

Laigné-en-Belin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Lamnay

Lamnay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Lavardin, Sarthe

Lavardin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Lavaré

Lavaré is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Lavenay

Lavenay is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Loir en Vallée.

Lavernat

Lavernat is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Le Bailleul

Le Bailleul is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Le Breil-sur-Mérize

Le Breil-sur-Mérize is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Le Chevain

Le Chevain is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Saint-Paterne - Le Chevain.

Le Grand-Lucé

Le Grand-Lucé is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Le Grez

Le Grez is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Le Luart

Le Luart is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Le Lude

Le Lude is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2018, the former commune of Dissé-sous-le-Lude was merged into Le Lude.

Le Tronchet, Sarthe

Le Tronchet is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Les Aulneaux

Les Aulneaux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Les Mées, Sarthe

Les Mées is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Lhomme

Lhomme is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Lignières-la-Carelle

Lignières-la-Carelle is a former commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France. Since 2015, it became a part of Villeneuve-en-Perseigne.

Ligron

Ligron is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Livet-en-Saosnois

Livet-en-Saosnois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Lombron

Lombron is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.


Longnes, Sarthe

Longnes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Louailles

Louailles is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Loué

Loué is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Louplande

Louplande is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Louvigny, Sarthe

Louvigny is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Louzes

Louzes is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in west France.

Lucé-sous-Ballon

Lucé-sous-Ballon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Luceau

Luceau is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Luché-Pringé

Luché-Pringé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Maigné

Maigné is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Maisoncelles, Sarthe

Maisoncelles is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Malicorne-sur-Sarthe

Malicorne-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Mamers

Mamers is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Mansigné

Mansigné is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Marçon

Marçon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Mareil-en-Champagne

Mareil-en-Champagne is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

Mareil-sur-Loir

Mareil-sur-Loir is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Maresché

Maresché is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.


Marigné-Laillé

Marigné-Laillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Marolles-les-Braults

Marolles-les-Braults is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, the former commune of Dissé-sous-Ballon was merged into Marolles-les-Braults.

Marolles-lès-Saint-Calais

Marolles-lès-Saint-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Marollette

Marollette is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Mayet

Mayet is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Melleray, Sarthe

Melleray is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Meurcé

Meurcé is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

Mézeray, Sarthe

Mézeray is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Mézières-sous-Lavardin

Mézières-sous-Lavardin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Mézières-sur-Ponthouin

Mézières-sur-Ponthouin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Moitron-sur-Sarthe

Moitron-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Moncé-en-Belin

Moncé-en-Belin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Moncé-en-Saosnois

Moncé-en-Saosnois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Monhoudou

Monhoudou is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Mont-Saint-Jean, Sarthe

Mont-Saint-Jean is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Montabon

Montabon is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 October 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Montval-sur-Loir.

Montaillé

Montaillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Montbizot

Montbizot is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Montfort-le-Gesnois

Montfort-le-Gesnois is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Montigny, Sarthe

Montigny is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. Since 2015, it became a part of Villeneuve-en-Perseigne.

Montmirail, Sarthe

Montmirail is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Montreuil-le-Chétif

Montreuil-le-Chétif is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Montreuil-le-Henri

Montreuil-le-Henri is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Moulins-le-Carbonnel

Moulins-le-Carbonnel is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Mulsanne

Mulsanne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Nauvay

Nauvay is a commune in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

Neufchâtel-en-Saosnois

Neufchâtel-en-Saosnois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Neuvillalais

Neuvillalais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Neuville-sur-Sarthe

Neuville-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Neuvillette-en-Charnie

Neuvillette-en-Charnie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Neuvy-en-Champagne

Neuvy-en-Champagne is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Bernay-Neuvy-en-Champagne.

Nogent-le-Bernard

Nogent-le-Bernard is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Nogent-sur-Loir

Nogent-sur-Loir is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Notre-Dame-du-Pé

Notre-Dame-du-Pé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Nouans

Nouans is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Noyen-sur-Sarthe

Noyen-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Nuillé-le-Jalais

Nuillé-le-Jalais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Oisseau-le-Petit

Oisseau-le-Petit is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Oizé

Oizé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Panon, Sarthe

Panon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Parcé-sur-Sarthe

Parcé-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Parennes

Parennes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Parigné-l'Évêque

Parigné-l'Évêque is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Parigné-le-Pôlin

Parigné-le-Pôlin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Peray

Peray is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Pezé-le-Robert

Pezé-le-Robert is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Piacé

Piacé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Pincé

Pincé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Pirmil

Pirmil is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Here is a graph showing how this commune's population went up or down:

Pizieux

Pizieux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Poillé-sur-Vègre

Poillé-sur-Vègre is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

Poncé-sur-le-Loir

Poncé-sur-le-Loir is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Loir en Vallée.

Pontvallain

Pontvallain is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Précigné

Précigné is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Préval

Préval is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Prévelles

Prévelles is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Pruillé-l'Éguillé

Pruillé-l'Éguillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Pruillé-le-Chétif

Pruillé-le-Chétif is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Rahay

Rahay is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in west France.

René, Sarthe

René is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Requeil

Requeil is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Roézé-sur-Sarthe

Roézé-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Rouessé-Fontaine

Rouessé-Fontaine is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Rouessé-Vassé

Rouessé-Vassé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Rouez

Rouez is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Rouillon

Rouillon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Roullée

Roullée is a former commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France. Since 2015, it became a part of Villeneuve-en-Perseigne.

Rouperroux-le-Coquet

Rouperroux-le-Coquet is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Ruaudin

Ruaudin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Ruillé-en-Champagne

Ruillé-en-Champagne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Ruillé-sur-Loir

Ruillé-sur-Loir is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Loir en Vallée.

Sablé-sur-Sarthe

Sablé-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

Saint-Aignan, Sarthe

Saint-Aignan is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Aubin-de-Locquenay

Saint-Aubin-de-Locquenay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Aubin-des-Coudrais

Saint-Aubin-des-Coudrais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Biez-en-Belin

Saint-Biez-en-Belin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Calais

Saint-Calais is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Calez-en-Saosnois

Saint-Calez-en-Saosnois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Célerin

Saint-Célerin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Christophe-du-Jambet

Saint-Christophe-du-Jambet is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Christophe-en-Champagne

Saint-Christophe-en-Champagne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Corneille

Saint-Corneille is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Cosme-en-Vairais

Saint-Cosme-en-Vairais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. There were 1,957 people living there in 2006.

Saint-Denis-d'Orques

Saint-Denis-d'Orques is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Denis-des-Coudrais

Saint-Denis-des-Coudrais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Georges-de-la-Couée

Saint-Georges-de-la-Couée is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Georges-du-Bois, Sarthe

Saint-Georges-du-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Georges-du-Rosay

Saint-Georges-du-Rosay is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France. In 2017, 435 people lived there.

Saint-Georges-le-Gaultier

Saint-Georges-le-Gaultier is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Germain-d'Arcé

Saint-Germain-d'Arcé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Germain-sur-Sarthe

Saint-Germain-sur-Sarthe is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Fresnay-sur-Sarthe.

Saint-Gervais-de-Vic

Saint-Gervais-de-Vic is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Gervais-en-Belin

Saint-Gervais-en-Belin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Hilaire-le-Lierru

Saint-Hilaire-le-Lierru is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Tuffé-Val-de-la-Chéronne. The commune is 70 to 120 meters above sea-level

The figure below shows the evolution of the population:

Saint-Jean-d'Assé

Saint-Jean-d'Assé is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte

Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Jean-des-Échelles

Saint-Jean-des-Échelles is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

Saint-Jean-du-Bois

Saint-Jean-du-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Léonard-des-Bois

Saint-Léonard-des-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Longis

Saint-Longis is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Maixent

Saint-Maixent is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Marceau, Sarthe

Saint-Marceau is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Mars-d'Outillé

Saint-Mars-d'Outillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Mars-de-Locquenay

Saint-Mars-de-Locquenay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Mars-la-Brière

Saint-Mars-la-Brière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Mars-sous-Ballon

Saint-Mars-sous-Ballon is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Ballon-Saint-Mars.

Saint-Martin-des-Monts

Saint-Martin-des-Monts is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Michel-de-Chavaignes

Saint-Michel-de-Chavaignes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Ouen-de-Mimbré

Saint-Ouen-de-Mimbré is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Ouen-en-Belin

Saint-Ouen-en-Belin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Ouen-en-Champagne

Saint-Ouen-en-Champagne is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

Saint-Paterne

Saint-Paterne is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Saint-Paterne - Le Chevain.

Saint-Paul-le-Gaultier

Saint-Paul-le-Gaultier is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Pavace

Saint-Pavace is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Pierre-de-Chevillé

Saint-Pierre-de-Chevillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Pierre-des-Bois

Saint-Pierre-des-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Pierre-des-Ormes

Saint-Pierre-des-Ormes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Pierre-du-Lorouër

Saint-Pierre-du-Lorouër is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Rémy-de-Sillé

Saint-Rémy-de-Sillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Rémy-des-Monts

Saint-Rémy-des-Monts is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Rémy-du-Val

Saint-Rémy-du-Val is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Rigomer-des-Bois

Saint-Rigomer-des-Bois is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. Since 2015, it became a part of Villeneuve-en-Perseigne.

Saint-Saturnin, Sarthe

Saint-Saturnin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Symphorien, Sarthe

Saint-Symphorien is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

Saint-Ulphace

Saint-Ulphace is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Victeur

Saint-Victeur is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Vincent-des-Prés, Sarthe

Saint-Vincent-des-Prés is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saint-Vincent-du-Lorouër

Saint-Vincent-du-Lorouër is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Sainte-Cérotte

Sainte-Cérotte is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

Sainte-Jamme-sur-Sarthe

Sainte-Jamme-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Sainte-Osmane

Sainte-Osmane is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Val-d'Étangson.

Sainte-Sabine-sur-Longève

Sainte-Sabine-sur-Longève is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Saosnes

Saosnes is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Sarcé

Sarcé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Sargé-lès-le-Mans

Sargé-lès-le-Mans is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Savigné-l'Évêque

Savigné-l'Évêque is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Savigné-sous-le-Lude

Savigné-sous-le-Lude is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Sceaux-sur-Huisne

Sceaux-sur-Huisne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Ségrie

Ségrie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.


Semur-en-Vallon

Semur-en-Vallon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Sillé-le-Guillaume

Sillé-le-Guillaume is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Sillé-le-Philippe

Sillé-le-Philippe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Solesmes, Sarthe

Solesmes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Sougé-le-Ganelon

Sougé-le-Ganelon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Souillé

Souillé is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in west France.

Souligné-Flacé

Souligné-Flacé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Souligné-sous-Ballon

Souligné-sous-Ballon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Soulitré

Soulitré is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Souvigné-sur-Même

Souvigné-sur-Même is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Souvigné-sur-Sarthe

Souvigné-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.


Spay, Sarthe

Spay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Surfonds

Surfonds is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Tassé

Tassé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Tassillé

Tassillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Teillé, Sarthe

Teillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Teloché

Teloché is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Tennie

Tennie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Terrehault

Terrehault is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.


Théligny

Théligny is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Thoigné

Thoigné is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Thoiré-sous-Contensor

Thoiré-sous-Contensor is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Thoiré-sur-Dinan

Thoiré-sur-Dinan is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

Thorée-les-Pins

Thorée-les-Pins is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Thorigné-sur-Dué

Thorigné-sur-Dué is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in west France. In 2017, 1,607 people lived there.

Torcé-en-Vallée

Torcé-en-Vallée is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Trangé

Trangé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Tresson

Tresson is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Tuffé

Tuffé is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Tuffé-Val-de-la-Chéronne.

Vaas, Sarthe

Vaas is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Valennes

Valennes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Vallon-sur-Gée

Vallon-sur-Gée is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Vancé

Vancé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Verneil-le-Chétif

Verneil-le-Chétif is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Vernie

Vernie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Vezot

Vezot is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Vibraye

Vibraye is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Villaines-la-Carelle

Villaines-la-Carelle is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. In 2007, 175 people lived there.

Villaines-la-Gonais

Villaines-la-Gonais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Villaines-sous-Lucé

Villaines-sous-Lucé is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Villaines-sous-Malicorne

Villaines-sous-Malicorne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Vion, Sarthe

Vion is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Viré-en-Champagne

Viré-en-Champagne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Vivoin

Vivoin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Voivres-lès-le-Mans

Voivres-lès-le-Mans is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Volnay, Sarthe

Volnay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Vouvray-sur-Huisne

Vouvray-sur-Huisne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Vouvray-sur-Loir

Vouvray-sur-Loir is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 October 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Montval-sur-Loir.

Yvré-l'Évêque

Yvré-l'Évêque is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Yvré-le-Pôlin

Yvré-le-Pôlin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Communes of the Vendée department

There are 282 communes in the Vendée "département", in France.

Aizenay

Aizenay is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

The D6, D50, D100A, D107, D948, D978, D2948 and D2978 roads pass through the commune.

Angles, Vendée

Angles is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

Antigny, Vendée

Antigny is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

The D19, D63, D67, D938T and D949B roads pass through the commune.

Apremont, Vendée

Apremont is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

The D21, D40, D94 and D107 roads pass through the commune.

Aubigny, Vendée

Aubigny was a commune. It was in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France. On 1 January 2016, it became part of the new commune of Aubigny-les-Clouzeaux.

Auzay

Auzay is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France. On 1 January 2017, it became a part of the new commune of Auchay-sur-Vendée.

Avrillé, Vendée

Avrillé is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

The D19, D105, D130, D949 and D949A roads pass through the commune.

Barbâtre

Barbâtre is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Bazoges-en-Paillers

Bazoges-en-Paillers is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Bazoges-en-Pareds

Bazoges-en-Pareds is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Beaufou

Beaufou is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Beaulieu-sous-la-Roche

Beaulieu-sous-la-Roche is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Beaurepaire, Vendée

Beaurepaire is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Beauvoir-sur-Mer

Beauvoir-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.


Belleville-sur-Vie

Belleville-sur-Vie is a former commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Bellevigny.

Benet, Vendée

Benet is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Bessay

Bessay is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Bois-de-Céné

Bois-de-Céné is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Boufféré

Boufféré is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the new commune of Montaigu-Vendée.

Bouillé-Courdault

Bouillé-Courdault is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

Bouin, Vendée

Bouin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.



Boulogne, Vendée

Boulogne is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Essarts-en-Bocage.

Bourneau

Bourneau is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Bournezeau

Bournezeau is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Brem-sur-Mer

Brem-sur-Mer is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

Bretignolles-sur-Mer

Bretignolles-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Breuil-Barret

Breuil-Barret is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Cezais

Cezais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.


Chaillé-les-Marais

Chaillé-les-Marais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Chaillé-sous-les-Ormeaux

Chaillé-sous-les-Ormeaux is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Rives-de-l'Yon.

Chaix

Chaix is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2017, it became a part of the new commune of Auchay-sur-Vendée.

Challans

Challans is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Chambretaud

Chambretaud is a former commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the new commune of Chanverrie.

Champagné-les-Marais

Champagné-les-Marais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Chantonnay

Chantonnay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Chasnais

Chasnais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Château-d'Olonne

Château-d'Olonne is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the commune of Les Sables-d'Olonne.

Château-Guibert

Château-Guibert is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Châteauneuf, Vendée

Châteauneuf is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Chauché

Chauché is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Chavagnes-en-Paillers

Chavagnes-en-Paillers is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Chavagnes-les-Redoux

Chavagnes-les-Redoux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Cheffois

Cheffois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Coëx

Coëx is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Commequiers

Commequiers is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Corpe

Corpe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Cugand

Cugand is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Curzon, Vendée

Curzon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Damvix

Damvix is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Doix

Doix is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Doix-lès-Fontaines.

Dompierre-sur-Yon

Dompierre-sur-Yon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Falleron

Falleron is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Faymoreau

Faymoreau is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Fontaines, Vendée

Fontaines is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Doix-lès-Fontaines.

Fontenay-le-Comte

Fontenay-le-Comte is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Fougeré, Vendée

Fougeré is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Foussais-Payré

Foussais-Payré is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Froidfond

Froidfond is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

Givrand

Givrand is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Grand'Landes

Grand'Landes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Grosbreuil

Grosbreuil is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Grues, Vendée

Grues is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

L'Île d'Yeu

L'Île d'Yeu is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Jard-sur-Mer

Jard-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer

L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2022, it was merged into the new commune of L'Aiguillon-la-Presqu'île.

L'Aiguillon-sur-Vie

L'Aiguillon-sur-Vie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

L'Épine, Vendée

L'Épine is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Vendée department in west France.

L'Herbergement

L'Herbergement is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

L'Hermenault

L'Hermenault is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

L'Île-d'Elle

L'Île-d'Elle is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

L'Île-d'Olonne

L'Île-d'Olonne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

L'Oie

L'Oie () is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Essarts-en-Bocage.

L'Orbrie

L'Orbrie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Barre-de-Monts

La Barre-de-Monts is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Bernardière

La Bernardière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Boissière-de-Montaigu

La Boissière-de-Montaigu is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Boissière-des-Landes

La Boissière-des-Landes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Bretonnière-la-Claye

La Bretonnière-la-Claye is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Bruffière

La Bruffière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Caillère-Saint-Hilaire

La Caillère-Saint-Hilaire is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Chaize-Giraud

La Chaize-Giraud is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Chaize-le-Vicomte

La Chaize-le-Vicomte is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Chapelle-Achard

La Chapelle-Achard is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2017, it became a part of the new commune of Les Achards.

La Chapelle-aux-Lys

La Chapelle-aux-Lys is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Chapelle-Hermier

La Chapelle-Hermier is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Chapelle-Palluau

La Chapelle-Palluau is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Chapelle-Thémer

La Chapelle-Thémer is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Châtaigneraie

La Châtaigneraie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Copechagnière

La Copechagnière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Couture, Vendée

La Couture is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Faute-sur-Mer

La Faute-sur-Mer is a former commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2022, it was merged into the new commune of L'Aiguillon-la-Presqu'île.

La Ferrière, Vendée

La Ferrière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Flocellière

La Flocellière is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Sèvremont.

La Garnache

La Garnache is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Gaubretière

La Gaubretière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Génétouze

La Génétouze is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

La Guérinière

La Guérinière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Guyonnière

La Guyonnière is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the new commune of Montaigu-Vendée.

La Jaudonnière

La Jaudonnière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Jonchère

La Jonchère is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Meilleraie-Tillay

La Meilleraie-Tillay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Merlatière

La Merlatière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Mothe-Achard

La Mothe-Achard is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2017, it became a part of the new commune of Les Achards.

La Pommeraie-sur-Sèvre

La Pommeraie-sur-Sèvre is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Sèvremont.

La Rabatelière

La Rabatelière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Réorthe

La Réorthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Roche-sur-Yon

La Roche-sur-Yon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.


La Taillée

La Taillée is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Tardière

La Tardière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Tranche-sur-Mer

La Tranche-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

La Verrie

La Verrie is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the new commune of Chanverrie.

Lairoux

Lairoux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Landeronde

Landeronde is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Landevieille

Landevieille is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Le Bernard

Le Bernard is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Le Boupère

Le Boupère is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Le Champ-Saint-Père

Le Champ-Saint-Père is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Le Fenouiller

Le Fenouiller is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Le Girouard

Le Girouard is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Le Givre

Le Givre is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Le Gué-de-Velluire

Le Gué-de-Velluire is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Le Langon

Le Langon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Le Mazeau

Le Mazeau is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Le Perrier

Le Perrier is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Le Poiré-sur-Velluire

Le Poiré-sur-Velluire is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the new commune of Les Velluire-sur-Vendée.

Le Poiré-sur-Vie

Le Poiré-sur-Vie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Le Tablier

Le Tablier is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.


Les Brouzils

Les Brouzils is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Les Châtelliers-Châteaumur

Les Châtelliers-Châteaumur is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Sèvremont.

Les Clouzeaux

Les Clouzeaux is a former commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department. It is in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Aubigny-les-Clouzeaux.

Les Epesses

Les Epesses is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Les Essarts, Vendée

Les Essarts is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Essarts-en-Bocage.

Les Herbiers

Les Herbiers is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Les Landes-Genusson

Les Landes-Genusson is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Les Lucs-sur-Boulogne

Les Lucs-sur-Boulogne is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

Les Magnils-Reigniers

Les Magnils-Reigniers is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Vendée department in west France.

Les Pineaux

Les Pineaux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Les Sables-d'Olonne

Les Sables-d'Olonne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, the former communes of Olonne-sur-Mer and Château-d'Olonne joined together to become the commune of Les Sables-d'Olonne.

Liez, Vendée

Liez is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Loge-Fougereuse

Loge-Fougereuse is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Longèves, Vendée

Longèves is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Longeville-sur-Mer

Longeville-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Luçon

Luçon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. People who live there are known as Luçonnais.

Maché

Maché is a commune. It is in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in the west of France.

Maillé, Vendée

Maillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Maillezais

Maillezais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Mallièvre

Mallièvre is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Mareuil-sur-Lay-Dissais

Mareuil-sur-Lay-Dissais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Marillet

Marillet is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Marsais-Sainte-Radégonde

Marsais-Sainte-Radégonde is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Martinet, Vendée

Martinet is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Menomblet

Menomblet is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Mervent

Mervent is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Mesnard-la-Barotière

Mesnard-la-Barotière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Monsireigne

Monsireigne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Montaigu, Vendée

Montaigu is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the new commune Montaigu-Vendée.

Montournais

Montournais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France and has a population of 1,730 habitants.

Montreuil, Vendée

Montreuil is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Moreilles

Moreilles is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Mormaison

Mormaison is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Montréverd.

Mortagne-sur-Sèvre

Mortagne-sur-Sèvre is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Mouchamps

Mouchamps is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Mouilleron-en-Pareds

Mouilleron-en-Pareds is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Mouilleron-Saint-Germain.

Mouilleron-le-Captif

Mouilleron-le-Captif is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Moutiers-les-Mauxfaits

Moutiers-les-Mauxfaits is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Moutiers-sur-le-Lay

Moutiers-sur-le-Lay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Mouzeuil-Saint-Martin

Mouzeuil-Saint-Martin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Nalliers, Vendée

Nalliers is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Nesmy

Nesmy is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Nieul-le-Dolent

Nieul-le-Dolent is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Nieul-sur-l'Autise

Nieul-sur-l'Autise is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the new commune of Rives-d'Autise.

Noirmoutier-en-l'Île

Noirmoutier-en-l'Île is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Notre-Dame-de-Monts

Notre-Dame-de-Monts is a commune of 2,105 people (2017). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. It lies on the Atlantic coast.

Notre-Dame-de-Riez

Notre-Dame-de-Riez is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Olonne-sur-Mer

Olonne-sur-Mer is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the commune of Les Sables-d'Olonne.

Oulmes

Oulmes is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the new commune of Rives-d'Autise.

Palluau

Palluau is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Péault

Péault is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Petosse

Petosse is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Pissotte

Pissotte is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Poiroux

Poiroux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Pouillé, Vendée

Pouillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Pouzauges

Pouzauges is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Puy-de-Serre

Puy-de-Serre is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Puyravault, Vendée

Puyravault is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Réaumur, Vendée

Réaumur is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Rocheservière

Rocheservière is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Rochetrejoux

Rochetrejoux is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

Rosnay, Vendée

Rosnay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-André-Goule-d'Oie

Saint-André-Goule-d'Oie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-André-Treize-Voies

Saint-André-Treize-Voies is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Montréverd.

Saint-Aubin-des-Ormeaux

Saint-Aubin-des-Ormeaux is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

Saint-Aubin-la-Plaine

Saint-Aubin-la-Plaine is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Avaugourd-des-Landes

Saint-Avaugourd-des-Landes is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Benoist-sur-Mer

Saint-Benoist-sur-Mer is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

Saint-Christophe-du-Ligneron

Saint-Christophe-du-Ligneron is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Cyr-des-Gâts

Saint-Cyr-des-Gâts is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Cyr-en-Talmondais

Saint-Cyr-en-Talmondais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Denis-du-Payré

Saint-Denis-du-Payré is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Denis-la-Chevasse

Saint-Denis-la-Chevasse is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Brillouet

Saint-Étienne-de-Brillouet is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Étienne-du-Bois, Vendée

Saint-Étienne-du-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Florent-des-Bois

Saint-Florent-des-Bois is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Rives-de-l'Yon.

Saint-Fulgent

Saint-Fulgent is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Georges-de-Montaigu

Saint-Georges-de-Montaigu is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the new commune Montaigu-Vendée.

Saint-Georges-de-Pointindoux

Saint-Georges-de-Pointindoux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Germain-de-Prinçay

Saint-Germain-de-Prinçay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Germain-l'Aiguiller

Saint-Germain-l'Aiguiller is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Mouilleron-Saint-Germain.

Saint-Gervais, Vendée

Saint-Gervais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Gilles-Croix-de-Vie

Saint-Gilles-Croix-de-Vie is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Hilaire-de-Loulay

Saint-Hilaire-de-Loulay is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the new commune of Montaigu-Vendée.

It is the childhood home of Thierry Rautureau The Chef In The Hat!!! Owner of Rover's Restaurant in Seattle, Washington in the Northwest Region of the United States.

Saint-Hilaire-de-Riez

Saint-Hilaire-de-Riez is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Hilaire-de-Voust

Saint-Hilaire-de-Voust is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Hilaire-des-Loges

Saint-Hilaire-des-Loges is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

Saint-Hilaire-la-Forêt

Saint-Hilaire-la-Forêt is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Hilaire-le-Vouhis

Saint-Hilaire-le-Vouhis is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Jean-de-Beugné

Saint-Jean-de-Beugné is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Jean-de-Monts

Saint-Jean-de-Monts is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Juire-Champgillon

Saint-Juire-Champgillon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Julien-des-Landes

Saint-Julien-des-Landes is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salle

Saint-Laurent-de-la-Salle is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre

Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Maixent-sur-Vie

Saint-Maixent-sur-Vie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Malô-du-Bois

Saint-Malô-du-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Mars-la-Réorthe

Saint-Mars-la-Réorthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Martin-de-Fraigneau

Saint-Martin-de-Fraigneau is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Martin-des-Fontaines

Saint-Martin-des-Fontaines is a commune. It is found in the region Pays-de-la-Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Martin-des-Noyers

Saint-Martin-des-Noyers is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Martin-des-Tilleuls

Saint-Martin-des-Tilleuls is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Martin-Lars-en-Sainte-Hermine

Saint-Martin-Lars-en-Sainte-Hermine is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Mathurin

Saint-Mathurin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Maurice-des-Noues

Saint-Maurice-des-Noues is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Maurice-le-Girard

Saint-Maurice-le-Girard is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.



Saint-Mesmin, Vendée

Saint-Mesmin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Michel-en-l'Herm

Saint-Michel-en-l'Herm is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Michel-le-Cloucq

Saint-Michel-le-Cloucq is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Michel-Mont-Mercure

Saint-Michel-Mont-Mercure is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Sèvremont.

Saint-Paul-en-Pareds

Saint-Paul-en-Pareds is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Paul-Mont-Penit

Saint-Paul-Mont-Penit is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Philbert-de-Bouaine

Saint-Philbert-de-Bouaine is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Pierre-du-Chemin

Saint-Pierre-du-Chemin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Pierre-le-Vieux, Vendée

Saint-Pierre-le-Vieux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Prouant

Saint-Prouant is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Révérend

Saint-Révérend is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Sigismond, Vendée

Saint-Sigismond is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Sulpice-en-Pareds

Saint-Sulpice-en-Pareds is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Sulpice-le-Verdon

Saint-Sulpice-le-Verdon is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Montréverd.

Saint-Urbain, Vendée

Saint-Urbain is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.


Saint-Valérien, Vendée

Saint-Valérien is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Vendée department in west France.

Saint-Vincent-Sterlanges

Saint-Vincent-Sterlanges is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Vincent-sur-Graon

Saint-Vincent-sur-Graon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saint-Vincent-sur-Jard

Saint-Vincent-sur-Jard is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Sainte-Cécile, Vendée

Sainte-Cécile is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Sainte-Flaive-des-Loups

Sainte-Flaive-des-Loups is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Sainte-Florence, Vendée

Sainte-Florence is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Essarts-en-Bocage.

Sainte-Foy, Vendée

Sainte-Foy is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Sainte-Gemme-la-Plaine

Sainte-Gemme-la-Plaine is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Sainte-Hermine

Sainte-Hermine is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

Sainte-Pexine

Sainte-Pexine is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.


Sainte-Radégonde-des-Noyers

Sainte-Radégonde-des-Noyers is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Saligny, Vendée

Saligny is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Bellevigny.

Sallertaine

Sallertaine is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Sérigné

Sérigné is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Sigournais

Sigournais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Soullans

Soullans is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Tallud-Sainte-Gemme

Tallud-Sainte-Gemme is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Talmont-Saint-Hilaire

Talmont-Saint-Hilaire is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Thiré

Thiré is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Thorigny

Thorigny is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Thouarsais-Bouildroux

Thouarsais-Bouildroux is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Tiffauges

Tiffauges is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Vendée department in the west of France. Gilles de Rais had his castle here.

Treize-Septiers

Treize-Septiers is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Treize-Vents

Treize-Vents is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Vendée department in west France.

Triaize

Triaize is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Vairé

Vairé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Velluire

Velluire is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the new commune of Les Velluire-sur-Vendée.

Venansault

Venansault is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Vendrennes

Vendrennes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Vix, Vendée

Vix is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Vouillé-les-Marais

Vouillé-les-Marais is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Vouvant

Vouvant is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in the west of France.

Xanton-Chassenon

Xanton-Chassenon is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France.

Umberto I of Italy

Umberto I of Italy (14 March 1844 – 29 July 1900) was King of Italy from 1878 through 1900. He was then succeeded by Victor Emmanuel III of Italy in 1900 .

Chiojdu

Chiojdu () is a commune of Buzău County in Romania. 

Cislău

Cislău is a commune of Buzău County in Romania.

Nehoiu

Nehoiu is a town of Buzău County in Romania. The population of Nehoiu is 11,639 people.

Amaru, Buzău

Amaru is a rural municipality of Buzău County in Romania.

Bălăceanu

Bălăceanu is a rural municipality of Buzău County in Romania. 

Hamilton, Alabama

Hamilton is a city in Marion County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 7,042. The city is the county seat of Marion County.

Hueytown, Alabama

Hueytown is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States and a suburb of Birmingham near Bessemer. At the 2020 census the population was 16,776.

Haleyville, Alabama

Haleyville is a city in Marion and Winston Counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. At the 2020 census the population was 4,361.

Hanceville, Alabama

Hanceville is a city in Cullman County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 3,217.

Hartford, Alabama

Hartford is a city in Geneva County, Alabama, United States. It is part of the Dothan, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area. At the 2020 census the population was 2,651.

Heflin, Alabama

Heflin is a city in Cleburne County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 3,431. The city is the county seat of Cleburne County.

Heflin was first settled in 1882 as a station on the railroad line from Atlanta. The town quickly grew and was incorported in 1886. Edwardsville was the county seat until 1905. In an election the county decided to move the county seat to Heflin.




Headland, Alabama

Headland is a city in Henry County, Alabama, United States. It is part of the Dothan, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area. At the 2020 census the population was 4,973.

Hartselle, Alabama

Hartselle is the second largest city in Morgan County, Alabama, about 10 miles (16 km) south of Decatur, and is included in the Decatur Metropolitan Area, and the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census estimates, the population of the city is 15,455.

Homewood, Alabama

Homewood is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. It is a suburb of Birmingham, on the other side of Red Mountain due south of the city center, but also has one of the highest population densities in Alabama. As of the 2020 census, there were 26,414 people living in Homewood.

Hokes Bluff, Alabama

Hokes Bluff is a city in Etowah County, Alabama, United States. It is part of the Gadsden Metropolitan Statistical Area. About 4,446 people were living in Hokes Bluff as of 2020.

Helena, Alabama

Helena is a city in Jefferson and Shelby Counties in the U.S. state of Alabama.

M40 motorway

The M40 motorway is a motorway between Denham, near London; and Solihull near Birmingham in England. It also goes through Oxford. It was built in stages between 1967 and 1991 and is long.

Data from driver location signs are used to provide distance and carriageway identifier information. Where a junction goes across several hundred metres, both start and end locations are given.

Adâncata, Suceava

Adâncata is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Arbore

Arbore is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Baia

Baia is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Bălăceana

Bălăceana is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Bălcăuţi

Bălcăuţi is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Bilca

Bilca is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Bogdăneşti, Suceava

Bogdăneşti is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Boroaia

Boroaia is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Bosanci, Suceava

Bosanci is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Botoşana

Botoşana is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Breaza, Suceava

Breaza is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Brodina

Brodina is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Buneşti, Suceava

Buneşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Burla, Suceava

Burla is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Cacica

Cacica is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.


Calafindeşti

Calafindeşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Capu Câmpului

Capu Câmpului is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Cârlibaba

Cârlibaba is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Ciocăneşti, Suceava

Ciocăneşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Ciprian Porumbescu, Suceava

Ciprian Porumbescu is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Comăneşti, Suceava

Comăneşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Cornu Luncii

Cornu Luncii is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Coşna

Coşna is a commune in Suceava County in Romania.

Crucea, Suceava

Crucea is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Dărmăneşti, Suceava

Dărmăneşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania. It is in the valleys of the Trotuş and Uz rivers.

Dolheşti, Suceava

Dolheşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Dorna-Arini

Dorna-Arini is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Dorna Candrenilor

Dorna Candrenilor is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Dorneşti

Dorneşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Drăgoieşti

Drăgoieşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Drăguşeni, Suceava

Drăguşeni is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Dumbrăveni, Suceava

Dumbrăveni is a commune in Suceava County, Romania. It has two villages, Dumbrăveni and Sălăgeni.

Fântâna Mare

Fântâna Mare is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Fântânele, Suceava

Fântânele is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Forăşti

Forăşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Frătăuţii Noi

Frătăuţii Noi is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Frătăuţii Vechi

Frătăuţii Vechi is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Frumosu

Frumosu is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Fundu Moldovei

Fundu Moldovei is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Gălăneşti

Gălăneşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Grămeşti

Grămeşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Grăniceşti

Grăniceşti is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Hănțești

Hănţeşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Hârtop

Hârtop is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Horodnic de Jos

Horodnic de Jos is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Horodnic de Sus

Horodnic de Sus is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Horodniceni

Horodniceni is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Iaslovăţ

Iaslovăţ is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Ilişeşti

Ilişeşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Ipoteşti, Suceava

Ipoteşti, Suceava is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Izvoarele Sucevei

Izvoarele Sucevei is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Mălini

Mălini is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Mănăstirea Humorului

Mănăstirea Humorului is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Mitocu Dragomirnei

Mitocu Dragomirnei is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Moara, Suceava

Moara is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Moldova-Suliţa

Moldova-Suliţa is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Moldovița

Moldoviţa is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Muşeniţa

Muşeniţa is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Păltinoasa

Păltinoasa is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Panaci

Panaci is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Pârteştii de Jos

Pârteştii de Jos is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Pătrăuţi

Pătrăuţi is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Poiana Stampei

Poiana Stampei is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Poieni-Solca

Poieni-Solca is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Pojorâta

Pojorâta is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Preuteşti

Preuteşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Putna, Suceava

Putna is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Rădăşeni

Rădăşeni is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Râşca, Suceava

Râşca is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Şaru Dornei

Şaru Dornei is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Satu Mare, Suceava

Satu Mare is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Şcheia, Suceava

Şcheia is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Serbăuţi

Serbăuţi is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania. It has two villages, Călineşti and Şerbăuţi.

Siminicea

Siminicea is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Slatina, Suceava

Slatina is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Straja, Suceava

Straja is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Stroieşti, Suceava

Stroieşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Stulpicani

Stulpicani is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Suceviţa

Suceviţa is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Todireşti, Suceava

Todireşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania. Its population is 6319, and its longitude and latitude are (47.3186, 27.8200).

Udeşti

Udeşti is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Ulma, Suceava

Ulma is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Vadu Moldovei

Vadu Moldovei is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Valea Moldovei

Valea Moldovei is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Vama, Suceava

Vama is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Vatra Moldoviţei

Vatra Moldoviţei is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Vereşti

Vereşti is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Vicovu de Jos

Vicovu de Jos is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Voitinel

Voitinel is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Volovăţ

Volovăţ is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Vultureşti, Suceava

Vultureşti is a commune in Suceava County, Romania.

Zamostea

Zamostea is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Zvoriştea

Zvoriştea is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Afumați, Dolj

Afumaţi, Dolj is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Almăj

Almăj is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Amărăștii de Jos

Amărăştii de Jos is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Amărăștii de Sus

Amărăştii de Sus is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Apele Vii

Apele Vii is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Argetoaia

Argetoaia is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Bistreț

Bistreţ is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Botoșești-Paia

Botoşeşti-Paia is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Brabova

Brabova is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Braloștița

Braloştiţa is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Bratovoești

Bratovoeşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Breasta

Breasta is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Brădești, Dolj

Brădeşti, Dolj is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Bucovăț

Bucovăţ is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Bulzești

Bulzeşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Bârca

Bârca is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Calopăr

Calopăr is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Caraula

Caraula is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Carpen

Carpen is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Castranova

Castranova is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Catane

Catane is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Celaru

Celaru is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Cernătești, Dolj

Cernăteşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Cerăt

Cerăt is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Cetate, Dolj

Cetate, Dolj is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Cioroiași

Cioroiaşi is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Ciupercenii Noi

Ciupercenii Noi is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Coșoveni

Coşoveni is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Coțofenii din Dos

Coţofenii din Dos is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Coțofenii din Față

Coţofenii din Faţă is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Cârcea

Cârcea is a commune in Dolj County, Romania. As of the 2011 census, 3.424 people live here.

Cârna

Cârna is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Călărași, Dolj

Călăraşi is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Daneți

Daneţi is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Desa, Dolj

Desa is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Dioști

Dioşti is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Dobrești, Dolj

Dobreşti is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Dobrotești, Dolj

Dobroteşti is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Drăgotești, Dolj

Drăgoteşti is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Drănic

Drănic is a commune in Dolj County in Romania.

Fărcaș

Fărcaş is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Galicea Mare

Galicea Mare is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Galiciuica

Galiciuica is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Ghercești

Gherceşti is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Ghidici

Ghidici is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Ghindeni

Ghindeni is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Gighera

Gighera is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Giubega

Giubega is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Giurgița

Giurgiţa is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Gogoșu, Dolj

Gogoşu, Dolj is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Goicea

Goicea is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Goiești

Goieşti is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Grecești

Greceşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Gângiova

Gângiova is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Izvoare

Izvoare is a commune in Dolj County, Romania. There are three villages:Corlate, Domnu Tudor and Izvoare.

Ișalnița

Işalniţa is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Leu, Dolj

Leu, Dolj is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Lipovu

Lipovu is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Melinești

Melineşti is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Mischii

Mischii is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Moțăței

Moţăţei is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Murgași

Murgaşi is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Mârșani

Mârşani is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Măceșu de Jos

Măceşu de Jos is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Măceșu de Sus

Măceşu de Sus is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Negoi

Negoi is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Orodel

Orodel is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Ostroveni

Ostroveni is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Perișor

Perişor is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Pielești

Pieleşti is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Piscu Vechi

Piscu Vechi is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Plenița

Pleniţa is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Pleșoi

Pleşoi is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania. It has 3,800 people. There are four villages: Cârstovani, Frasin, Milovan and Pleşoi.

Podari

Podari is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Poiana Mare

Poiana Mare is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Predești

Predeşti is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Radovan, Dolj

Radovan, Dolj is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Rast, Dolj

Rast is a commune in Dolj County, Romania. It has one village, Rast.

Rast was severely affected by flooding in the April 2006 Danube floods. More than 4,000 people were evacuated. Hundreds of households were destroyed.

Robănești

Robăneşti is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Rojiște

Rojişte is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania. It has 1,600 people. There are two villages, Rojişte and Tâmbureşti.

Sadova, Dolj

Sadova, Dolj is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Scăești

Scăeşti is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Seaca de Câmp

Seaca de Câmp is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Seaca de Pădure

Seaca de Pădure is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Secu

Secu is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Siliștea Crucii

Siliştea Crucii is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Sopot, Dolj

Sopot, Dolj is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Terpezița

Terpeziţa is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Teslui, Dolj

Teslui, Dolj is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Tălpaș

Tălpaş is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Unirea, Dolj

Unirea, Dolj is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Urzicuța

Urzicuţa is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Valea Stanciului

Valea Stanciului is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Vela, Dolj

Vela, Dolj is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Verbița

Verbiţa is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Vârtop

Vârtop is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Vârvoru de Jos

Vârvoru de Jos is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Întorsura

Întorsura is a commune in Dolj County, Romania.

Șimnicu de Sus

Şimnicu de Sus is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Țuglui

Ţuglui is a commune found in Dolj County, Romania.

Adak, Alaska

Adak is a city in the state of Alaska in the United States. It is in the Aleutians West Census Area. Before, people called it Adak Station. In 2020, there were 171 people living there.

Adak is the most western municipality in the United States. It is also the most southern city in Alaska. Adak Army Base and Adak Naval Operating Base used to be there.

Adak Airport is located west of the town.

Akhiok, Alaska

Akhiok is a city in Alaska.

Akiak, Alaska

Akiak is a city in Alaska.

Akutan, Alaska

Akutan is a city in Alaska.

Alakanuk, Alaska

Alakanuk is a city in Alaska. About 756 people live in Alakanuk.

Aleknagik, Alaska

Aleknagik ( ; "Alaqnaqiq" in Central Yup'ik) is a city in the state of Alaska in the United States. It is in the Dillingham Census Area of the Unorganized Borough. In 2020, there were 211 people living there.

Allakaket, Alaska

Allakaket ( ) ("Aalaa Kkaakk’et" in Koyukon) is a city in the state of Alaska, in the United States. It is in the Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area of the Unorganized Borough. There were 177 people living in the city in 2020.

Allakaket's coordinates are (66.562610, -152.64756) (Sec. 14, T020N, R024W, Fairbanks Meridian.) It is in the Fairbanks Recording District. (In Alaska, the "Recorder's Office" is a part of the government that keeps track of who owns land. The "Recording District" is the area that a particular Recorder's Office is in charge of. Allakaket's Recording Office is in the city of Fairbanks, Alaska.)

Allakaket is on the bank (side) of the Koyukuk River. It is south of the place where the Koyukuk joins the Alatna River. The city is about northwest of Fairbanks, Alaska. It is about up the river from Hughes, Alaska. The village of Alatna, Alaska is on the other side of the Koyukuk River from Allakaket.

The United States Census Bureau says that Allakaket's size is . It has of land and of water. 13.6% of the city's area is water.

The area around Allakaket has a cold, continental climate. The difference between the high temperature and the low temperature is very large. In July, the average high temperature is . In January, the average low temperature is . The highest temperature ever was . The lowest temperature ever was . 

Allakaket gets about of precipitation every year. "Precipitation" is any kind of water falling from the sky to the earth. Rain, sleet, and snow are all kinds of precipitation. The city usually gets about of snow every year. When it is cold, the Koyukuk River will have ice on it. There is usually no ice from June until November.

There are different Native American groups that live or used to live around Allakaket. Some of these are the Koyukon Athabascans and the Kobuk, Selawik, and Nunamiut Eskimos. The Koyukon did not live in one place. They liked to move around. They moved to different camps when the seasons changed. They moved to new places by following the wild animals and fish. After 1851, the groups started making settlements.

A mission was built on the Koyukuk River in 1906. (A mission is a settlement where religious people try to make the local people because Christian.) The mission was called St. John's-in-the-Wilderness Episcopal Mission. A post office was built in 1925. In 1938, the name of the community was changed to Allakaket.

The first public school was started in 1957. In 1964 there was a big flood. Some ice got stuck ("jammed") in the river. 85% of the community was flooded. (This means that 85% of the city was under water.)

In 1975, the community was incorporated as a city. This means that there was an official government set up and the borders of the city are decided. The City covered both Allakaket and Alatna on the other side of the river. In September 1994, the city flooded again. The water destroyed almost all of the buildings, houses, and food. The people who lived in Alakaket built the city again near where the original city was. Some of the new buildings are outside of the City boundaries (borders). These buildings outside of the city limits are called New Allakaket and Alatna.

There is a federally-recognized tribe in the community. It is called the Allakaket Village. The people who live in Allakaket are mostly (95.9%) Alaska Native. Most of the people in Allakaket are Athabascan. The Kobuk Eskimos live in Alatna on the other side of the river. It is not allowed to buy, sell, or own alcohol in the village.

In 2020, there were 177 people living in Allakaket. These people made up 71 households. The population density was 14.7 people per square mile (38.1 people/km²). 84.2% of the people were Native American, 11.3% were white, and 4.0% were mixed race.

The median income for a household in 2021 was $22,000 per year. The median income for a family was $24,167. 59.2% of the people lived below the poverty line.

Ambler, Alaska

Ambler is a city in Alaska. As of the year 2020, 274 people lived in Ambler.

Anaktuvuk Pass, Alaska

Anaktuvuk Pass is a city in Alaska. About 425 people lived in Anaktuvuk Pass as of the year 2020.

Anderson, Alaska

Anderson is a city in Alaska. About 177 people lived in Anderson as of the year 2020.

Angoon, Alaska

Angoon is a city in Alaska. About 357 people lived in 2020.

Aniak, Alaska

Aniak is a city in Alaska. About 507 people live in Aniak as of the year 2020.

Anvik, Alaska

Anvik is a city in Alaska. About 70 people lived in Anvik as of the year 2020. It is on the west bank of the Yukon River. It is the traditional home of the Deg Hit'an Athabascan people.

Atka, Alaska

Atka is a city in Alaska. About 53 people lived in Atka as of the year 2020.

Atqasuk, Alaska

Atqasuk is a town in Alaska, United States.

Utqiagvik, Alaska

Utqiaġvik (; , ), officially the City of Utqiaġvik and known as Barrow () until 2016, is a city in Alaska. It is the northernmost city of the United States of America and one of the northernmost cities in the world. It is located on the north coast of Alaska along the Arctic Ocean and is the administrative capital of the North Slope Borough. It is about 1,300 miles or 2,100 kilometers from the North Pole. Its antipode is located in Antarctica.

Utqiagvik experiences a tundra climate with long, very cold winters and short, cool summers. Temperatures are below freezing from early October until late May. The high temperature is above freezing for only about 138 days per year, and there are temperatures at or below on an average of 145 days per year. Freezing temperatures and snowfall can happen during any month of the year.

Because Utqiagvik is located above the Arctic Circle, there are some days when the sun never rises and some days when the sun never sets. When the sun sets on November 18 or 19, it will stay below the horizon for about 65 days, until January 22 or 23. This phenomenon is called polar night. The opposite, midnight sun, occurs during the summer. When the sun rises on May 10 or 11, it will remain above the horizon until August 1 or 2.

Winters are extremely cold and dry with temperatures at or below -40°F/C sometimes occurring. Summers in Utqiagvik are cool with temperatures in the high 30s and low 40s. There are on average 26 days per year above 50°F (10°C) and around 5 days above 60°F (18°C). Temperatures above 70°F are rare. The average yearly temperature in Utqiagvik is . The highest temperature recorded in Utqiagvik was on July 13, 1993 and the lowest temperature was on February 4, 1924. Utqiagvik is warming quickly due to being in the Arctic. The Arctic region is warming at rate three times the global mean. 
Smoothed data from NOAA shows that Utqiagvik has warmed by more than 11°F since 1976 with average autumn temperature warming at a staggering 18°F (10°C). 

Although Utqiagvik is in North America, it is isolated from any other city. There is no road connecting Utqiagvik and other places in Alaska, which makes it impossible to drive into or out of the city. Therefore, the only way to get there is by plane. It is also possible to get there by boat, but only during a few months in the summer as the ocean is frozen for most of the year.


Bethel, Alaska

Bethel is a city in Alaska, of the United States. The only way to get to the town is by river or by airplane. Bethel is the main port on the Kuskokwim River.

Bethel is the largest community in western Alaska. It is inside the Yukon Delta National Wildlife Refuge.

Bettles, Alaska

Bettles is a city in Alaska.

Brevig Mission, Alaska

Brevig Mission is a city in Alaska.

Buckland, Alaska

Buckland is a town in Alaska, United States. The town name is "Nunatchiaq" in Iñupiaq. At the 2020 census the population was 550.

Central, Alaska

Central is a town in Alaska, United States. Every February, Central has a checkpoint for the long-distance Yukon Quest sled dog race.

Chefornak, Alaska

Chefornak is a city of the Bethel Census Area in Alaska, United States.

Chevak, Alaska

Chevak is a city in Alaska, United States. The people speak either English, Cup’ik or both.

Chignik, Alaska

Chignik is a city in Alaska. In 2020, there were 97 people living in Chignik. The total area is 16 square miles.

Chuathbaluk, Alaska

Chuathbaluk is a city in Alaska.

Circle, Alaska

Circle is a city in Alaska, United States. Circle is the end of the Pan-American Highway.

The town started in 1893 because gold was found in Birch Creek. Circle was named by miners who believed the town was on the Arctic Circle. The Arctic Circle is actually about north.

Each February, the town has a checkpoint for the long-distance Yukon Quest sled dog race.

Circle Hot Springs, Alaska

Circle Hot Springs, Alaska is a holiday resort in Alaska. It is 137 miles northeast of Fairbanks. The hotel was built in 1930. The Athabasca people were the first to use the hot springs. In 1893, William Greats discovered the springs. In 1905 the land around the springs was sold for farming and a resort was opened in 1909. The main feature of Circle Hot Springs is a very large hot pool. There is a story that the hotel is haunted by a ghost.

Clark's Point, Alaska

Clark's Point is a city in Alaska.

Coffman Cove, Alaska

Coffman Cove is a city in Alaska.

Cold Bay, Alaska

Cold Bay is a town in Alaska, United States. The town name is Udaamagax in the Aleut language. As of the 2020 census, the population was 50.

Cold Bay is one of the main commercial centers of the Alaska Peninsula. It is home to Cold Bay Airport. The offices for Izembek National Wildlife Refuge are also in the town.

Cordova, Alaska

Cordova is a city in Alaska, in the United States.

Craig, Alaska

Craig is a city in Alaska, United States. Craig is the largest town on Prince of Wales Island.

Commercial fishing brings much of the income in Craig. There are two harbors in the center of town. Tourism provides jobs and income to the community. Lodges are available to guests who visit the island for the salmon fishing as well as black bear and deer hunting. Another main employer in Craig is the U.S. Forest Service.

Deering, Alaska

Deering is a city in Alaska, United States. It is on the Seward Peninsula.

Delta Junction, Alaska

Delta Junction is a city in Alaska, in the United States.

Dillingham, Alaska

Dillingham is a city in Alaska. It is in Dillingham Census Area, Alaska. Dillingham is on Nushagak Bay. Dillingham has no roads from the Alaska Highway. The only way to reach Dillingham is by plane or sea.

Dillingham was once known as the Pacific salmon capital of the world. Commercial fishing is an important part of the local economy.

Dillingham is the headquarters for nearby Togiak National Wildlife Refuge. The Refuge is home to walruses, seals, terrestrial mammals, migratory birds and fish. It includes one of the largest wild herring fisheries in the world. 

The University of Alaska Fairbanks Bristol Bay Campus (BBC) is in Dillingham.

Diomede, Alaska

Diomede is a city in Alaska, United States. It is on Little Diomede Island. The island is in the middle of the Bering Strait. It is near the International Date Line.

There are no major roads on the island. There also are no banks or restaurants. A general store has basic supplies, while a laundromat has washers, dryers, and showers for people living in the village. There is a medical clinic for basic health care found in the same building as the store and laundromat. Diomede is the only place people live on the island. Mail is delivered to the island by helicopter.

Sablet

Sablet is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Saignon

Saignon is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Eagle, Alaska

Eagle is a city of the Southeast Fairbanks Census Area in the state of Alaska, United States.

Saint-Christol, Vaucluse

Saint-Christol is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Eek, Alaska

Eek is a town in Alaska. It is about 400 miles west of Anchorage.

The name comes from an Eskimo word that means "two eyes".

Egegik, Alaska

Egegik is a city in Alaska, United States. It is on the shore of Bristol Bay.

Ekwok, Alaska

Ekwok is a city in Alaska.

Elim, Alaska

Elim is a town in Alaska, United States.

Emmonak, Alaska

Emmonak is a small city on the west coast of Alaska. It is built beside the mouth of the Yukon River about five kilometres from the Bering Sea. In 2020 there were 825 people living in Emmonak. The main industry in the town is commercial salmon fishing.

Saint-Didier, Vaucluse

Saint-Didier is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Fairbanks, Alaska

Fairbanks is a city in Alaska. It is the borough seat of Fairbanks North Star Borough. In 2020, 32,515 people lived there. 

The only city in Alaska with more people is Anchorage. 

Fairbanks was founded in 1901, and is named after Charles W. Fairbanks, an American Senator and Vice President. It is on the Chena River. The University of Alaska has one of its main campuses in Fairbanks.

Being so far north, Fairbanks has long, very cold winters. It is normal for the temperature to be −15 °F (−26 °C) to −25 °F (−32 °C), and it can get as cold as −60 °F (−51 °C). 

The summers are short but warm by Alaska standards. It is usually around 70 °F (21 °C), but it can get as warm as 90 °F (32 °C). In the winter the days are very short, on the winter solstice it is light outside for less than three hours. In the summer the opposite is true, it can be light outside for twenty two hours a day. This is called the midnight sun.

False Pass, Alaska

False Pass is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Hippolyte-le-Graveyron

Saint-Hippolyte-le-Graveyron is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Fort Yukon, Alaska

Fort Yukon is a city in Alaska. It is the hometown of Alaska Congressman Don Young and is served by Fort Yukon Airport.

Galena, Alaska

Galena is a small village in Alaska with a population of 500+ people. Galena is located on the Yukon River about 270 miles west of Fairbanks Alaska by plane and 350 miles north of Anchorage, AK. During the summertime, the only way to get to Galena is by plane, boat, or barge, and during winter, the only ways in are by plane, snow-machine, dogsled, or other all-terrain vehicles. Galena has only two stores that get their materials in only by barge or plane. The two store names are Sweetsirs and Alaska Commercial Company. 

Galena was established in 1918 as a trading station and became an Air Force base on July 1, 1943, until 1993. After the military retired from the old Air force base, the townspeople turned the building and facilities into a boarding school. The retired Air force base was put into new ownership of the school in September 2008. Galena's community school was named after an Athabascan elder who is famous throughout all of Alaska who also served on the board of fish and wildlife for a total of 9 years. It is also the home of two schools called Galena Interior Learning Academy (GILA) and the Sidney C. Huntington School. 

Galena is also one of the checkpoints for the famous Iditarod sled dog race but the trail changes its route every other year. Like the Iditarod, Galena is also another checkpoint for another race called the Iron Dog Race which is an off-road snow-machine race that takes place over 2,600 miles across Alaska. 

During the summer Galena can have temperatures of 90 above and in the winter the temperatures of minus 40 below zero with a record of negative 64 below freezing. In May 2013 Galena had a massive flood event that most of the buildings in the village had significant flood damage, and many were flooded by at least seven feet of water. On June 25, 2013, President Barack Obama issued a Major Disaster Declaration for the village. The people of Galena continue to clean up and rebuild to this day. The total cost for repairs was over three and a half million but, a FEMA grant was given to reimburse only 75% of the repairs and the State of Alaska Disaster Relief Fund would cover the remaining costs to rebuild. The flood was caused by an ice jam in the Yukon during the break-up season. Which caused the water underneath to come pouring out from the sides spilling into the village.

Gambell, Alaska

Gambell is a town in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is on St. Lawrence Island.

Golovin, Alaska

Golovin is a town in Alaska, United States. It is on the Seward Peninsula in western Alaska.

The town name is in honor of Russian Vice-Admiral Vasily Golovnin. The town name was spelled incorrectly. Nearby Golovnin Bay has the correct spelling.

Golovin is a checkpoint, or stop along the way for the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race.

Saint-Léger-du-Ventoux

Saint-Léger-du-Ventoux is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Goodnews Bay, Alaska

Goodnews Bay is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Marcellin-lès-Vaison

Saint-Marcellin-lès-Vaison is a commune. It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Vaucluse department in south France.

Grayling, Alaska

Grayling is a town in Alaska, United States. The town name is "Sixno' Xidakagg" in the Holikachuk language.

The town is a checkpoint, or stop along the way for the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race.

Gustavus, Alaska

Gustavus is a town in Alaska, United States. The town is along the bank of the Salmon River. During the summer, the town has ferry service to Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve.

Saint-Martin-de-Castillon

Saint-Martin-de-Castillon is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Kachemak, Alaska

Kachemak is a small city in the US state of Alaska. It is in the southern part of the Kenai Peninsula Borough.

Kachemak is north east of Homer, Alaska, a larger city. It is on the north side of Kachemak Bay, in south-central Alaska. The city covers a total of of land. The city limits do not include any water. The city has only one road: East End Road.

In 2020, there were 576 people living in Kachemak. These people were mostly Caucasian (white), along with a few Asians, and Native Americanss. There were 282 males and 294 females living there then. About one-sixth of the population (17.9%) was under eighteen years old.

Saint-Martin-de-la-Brasque

Saint-Martin-de-la-Brasque is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Kake, Alaska

Kake is a town in Alaska, United States. It is on the northwest coast of Kupreanof Island.

The town name comes from a Tlingit word that means “mouth of dawn” or “opening of daylight”.

Kaktovik, Alaska

Kaktovik is a city in Alaska.

Kaltag, Alaska

Kaltag is a town in Alaska. Kaltag is on the west bank of the Yukon River, 120 km (75 miles) west of Galena. In 2020, there were 158 people living in Kaltag. Most of the people who live in Kaltag are Native Americans.

The first people to live in the area were the Koyokon people, part of the Athabascan nation. They used Kaltag as a cemetery for surrounding villages. It is on an old walking track which led west through the mountains to Unalakleet. The Athabascans had many camps in the area. They moved as the animals they hunted for food moved to different areas. There were 12 summer fish camps on the Yukon River between the Koyukuk River and the Nowitna River.

The Russians named Kaltag after a Koyokon man named Kaltaga.

In 1839 smallpox killed many of the people who lived in the area.

When the United States took over Alaska, the army built a telegraph line along the north side of the Yukon River. A trading post opened around 1880. There was a gold rush in 1884-85. Steamboats travelled along the river carrying supplies for the gold miners. In 1900 there were 46 steamboats on the river. Measles and food shortages during 1900 reduced the population of the area by one-third. The village of Kaltag began after this when the people who were left in three nearby villages moved to the area. 

By 1906, most of the people looking gold had left for Fairbanks or Nome. The Galena lead mines opened 1919. Kaltag was down the river from the mines and grew as a point on the transportation route for the mines. It declined in the 1940s as mining declined.

The old cemetery was washed into the river around 1937. An airport and medical clinic were built during the 1960s.

Kaltag has a week long Stick Dance Festival every two years that draws visitors from many other villages. This festival is held by relatives of people who have died, to thank those who helped during their time of mourning.

Most of the people in Kaltag live by hunting and fishing. Salmon, whitefish, moose, bear, waterfowl and berries are the main foods.

Kasaan, Alaska

Kasaan is a city in Alaska.

Kenai, Alaska

Kenai () is a city in the Kenai Peninsula Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. In 2020, 7,424 people lived there.

Ketchikan, Alaska

Ketchikan is a city in Alaska, United States. Ketchikan is on Revillagigedo Island.

Ketchikan has a subarctic climate (Köppen climate classification: "Cfb"), with very high precipitation. It rivals Yakutat as the wettest "city" in the United States, with a yearly precipitation (1991−2020 normals) of , which falls on 229 days of the year, including of snow, almost all of it falling from November through April. (However, with a yearly precipitation of , the city of Whittier has more yearly precipitation than both Ketchikan and Yakutat, which makes it the wettest city in Alaska and the United States, and Yakutat and Ketchikan the second- and third-wettest cities in Alaska, respectively.)

Kiana, Alaska

Kiana is a town in Alaska, United States. It is also called "Katyaak" or "Katyaaq" in the Inupiat language.

King Cove, Alaska

King Cove is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Pantaléon, Vaucluse

Saint-Pantaléon, Vaucluse is a commune of 222 people (2015). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Kivalina, Alaska

Kivalina is a city in Alaska.

Saint-Pierre-de-Vassols

Saint-Pierre-de-Vassols is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Klawock, Alaska

Klawock is a city in Alaska. It is on the west coast of Prince of Wales Island, on Klawock Inlet, across from Klawock Island. The population was 720 at the 2020 census. It is 90 km (56 mi) from Ketchikan, 11 km (seven mi) from Craig, and 39 km (24 mi) from Hollis.

Saint-Romain-en-Viennois

Saint-Romain-en-Viennois is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Kobuk, Alaska

Kobuk is a town in Alaska, United States. It is also called "Laugviik" in the Inupiat language.

Saint-Roman-de-Malegarde

Saint-Roman-de-Malegarde is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Saint-Saturnin-lès-Apt

Saint-Saturnin-lès-Apt is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Saint-Saturnin-lès-Avignon

Saint-Saturnin-lès-Avignon is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Kodiak, Alaska

Kodiak is a city in Alaska. It is one of seven towns on Kodiak Island.

The Alutiiq people were the first to live on the island. In the 18th century the town became the capital of Russian Alaska. Russia sold Alaska to the United States in 1867. Kodiak became a center for commercial fishing

Saint-Trinit

Saint-Trinit is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Sainte-Cécile-les-Vignes

Sainte-Cécile-les-Vignes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Kotlik, Alaska

Kotlik is a city in Alaska.

Sannes

Sannes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Kotzebue, Alaska

Kotzebue is a city in the United States. It is found in the state of Alaska. Kotzebue is the largest city in the Northwest Arctic Borough. Ralph Wien Memorial Airport is the only airport in the Borough.

Kotzebue is at the end of the Baldwin Peninsula in the Kotzebue Sound. It is north of the Arctic Circle on Alaska's western coast.

Kotzebue is a gateway to Kobuk Valley National Park.

Sarrians

Sarrians is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Koyuk, Alaska

Koyuk ("Quyuk" in Iñupiaq) is a city in the Nome, Alaska, United States.

Sault, Vaucluse

Sault, Vaucluse is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Koyukuk, Alaska

Koyukuk is a city in Alaska. As of 2020 it had a population of 98. The community is threatened by erosion.

Saumane-de-Vaucluse

Saumane-de-Vaucluse is a commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in south France.

Savoillan

Savoillan is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Kupreanof, Alaska

Kupreanof is a city in Alaska.

Sivergues

Sivergues is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Sorgues

Sorgues is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Suzette

Suzette is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

The D90 road passes through Suzette.

Séguret

Séguret is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Sérignan-du-Comtat

Sérignan-du-Comtat is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Taillades

Taillades is a commune. It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Vaucluse department in south France.

Kwethluk, Alaska

Kwethluk is a city in Alaska.

Kwethluk has a total area of 11.8 square miles.

Travaillan

Travaillan is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Uchaux

Uchaux is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Larsen Bay, Alaska

Larsen Bay ("Uyaqsaq" in Alutiiq) is a city in Alaska.

Vacqueyras

Vacqueyras is a commune of 1,260 people (2015). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Vacqueyras is on the southern edge of the Dentelles de Montmirail, about east of Orange and north of Carpentras.

Levelock, Alaska

Levelock is a city in Alaska.

Vaison-la-Romaine

Vaison-la-Romaine is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Lower Kalskag, Alaska

Lower Kalskag is a city in Alaska.

Valréas

Valréas is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Napakiak, Alaska

Napakiak is a city in Alaska.

Vaugines

Vaugines is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Napaskiak, Alaska

Napaskiak is a city in Alaska.

Vedène

Vedène is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Nenana, Alaska

Nenana is a city in Alaska.

Velleron

Velleron is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

New Stuyahok, Alaska

New Stuyahok is a village in in the American state of Alaska. It is on the Nushagak River. In 2020 there were 512 people living in New Stuyahok. The name "Stuyahok" means "going down river place". In 2008 a new airport was built at a cost of $3,000,000.

The village of New Stuyahok has been moved at least three times. It moved down the river from the first site in 1918. In 1942, new location of the village was said to be still too far up the river. Also, it was being flooded too often. This caused them to move village to its current location. A school and a post office were built in 1961.

Venasque

Venasque is a commune. It is located in the region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Viens

Viens is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Newhalen, Alaska

Newhalen is a city in Alaska. According to the 2020 census, there are 168 people living in Newhalen.

Villars, Vaucluse

Villars, Vaucluse is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Nightmute, Alaska

Nightmute is a city in Alaska.

Villedieu, Vaucluse

Villedieu is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Nikolai, Alaska

Nikolai is a city in Alaska. It has a population of 89 (2020).

Villelaure

Villelaure is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Nondalton, Alaska

Nondalton is a city in Alaska.

Villes-sur-Auzon

Villes-sur-Auzon is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Noorvik, Alaska

Noorvik is a city in Alaska. As of 2020, it had a population of 694, compared to 668 in 2010.

Violès

Violès is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Visan

Visan is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Vitrolles-en-Luberon

Vitrolles-en-Luberon is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

North Pole, Alaska

North Pole is a city in Alaska. It is hundreds of miles from the actual North Pole, which is in an area that is very cold and very hard to get to. The town of North Pole is about from Fairbanks, the only big city in the Interior of Alaska. At first it was just a small settlement called "Davis" with a stop on the Alaska Railroad. The first people to form a local government there decided to call it North Pole. Soon a trading post that had been opened there became a Christmas themed shop called the "Santa Claus House" and was a big attraction for tourists who came to Alaska. The city's mayor pro tem is city council member Santa Claus.

Nuiqsut, Alaska

Nuiqsut (, ) is a city in North Slope Borough, Alaska, United States. The population was 512 at the 2020 census.

Nuiqsut is located at (70.216338, -151.005725).

Nuiqsut is in the North Slope Borough on the Nechelik Channel, about from the Beaufort Sea coast and is southeast from Barrow. According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all of it land. Air travel to the Nuiqsut Airport provides the only year-round access to Nuiqsut. Nuiqsut is accessible during the winter via an ice road and was featured in season four episode one of the History television channel series "Ice Road Truckers", when a convoy of truckers delivered supplies to the village.

A road is being built to connect Nuiqsut to the road system, through Conoco Phillips Alpine Oil reserve.

Nulato, Alaska

Nulato is a city in Alaska. Nulato is classified as an isolated village. In 2020, 239 people lived there.

Nunam Iqua, Alaska

Nunam Iqua is a city in Alaska.

Nunapitchuk, Alaska

Nunapitchuk is a city in Alaska.

Old Harbor, Alaska

Old Harbor is a city in Alaska.

Ouzinkie, Alaska

Ouzinkie is a city in Alaska.

Ouzinkie was created in 1967.

Palmer, Alaska

Palmer is a city in Alaska, located in the Matanuska Valley, It is surrounded by the Talkeetna and Chugach mountains. Palmer is most noted in Alaska as the place of the yearly Alaska State Fair. Twelve miles north of Palmer is Hatcher pass. The pass is a state park and is home of the Independence Mine. Also in the past Palmer served as a gateway to the Alaska interior for fur traders, trappers, gold miners and serves as place where people can live a life on the frontier.

The first people that lived in the Matanuska Valley were the Dena’ina and Ahtna Athabaskans. The town was founded by an Alaska pioneer named George W. Palmer in 1893. He started to build a trading post to trade and supply for the people living in the Matanuska Valley with foods, goods, mail, fur, etc. In 1913 Palmer served as a place for miners to lead an agricultural lifestyle after they returned from the Nelchina gold stampede. Which made them the first people who have settled there.

In 1935 the Federal Emergency Relief Administration established the Matanuska Colony which was under President Franklin Roosevelt. From the drought-starved Midwest, 203 families traveled by train and ship to reach the fledgling colony. Their housing was in a tent city for that first Alaskan summer. From there each family drew out lots of individual 40-acre tracts and a farming adventure began.

What Palmer is known for is its agricultural lifestyle. Also growing a lot of vegetables especially growing pumpkins, green cabbages, beets, and turnips. Also, there are livestock farms ranging from the common animals one finds on many farms to the more unique ones like elk, yak, bison, and reindeer. Interesting fact about The Matanuska Valley it's home to the only Grade A cow dairy as well as producing much of the state’s potatoes and vegetables, oats, hay, greenhouse plants, vegetables, and sod. You can find many of the larger vegetable, cut flower, and hay farms south of Palmer as well as at the Butte which is southeast of Palmer. Livestock farms east of Palmer on Lazy Mountain, the dairy west of Palmer off Bogard Road, an edible trail known as Grow Palmer in downtown Palmer on the rail trail north of the Depot, and family/community gardens all over the Matanuska Valley.

Pelican, Alaska

Pelican is a city in the U.S. state of Alaska.

Pelican has a total area of .6 square miles.

Petersburg, Alaska

Petersburg is a town in southeast Alaska, United States. It is on Mitkof Island. There are no bridges so Petersburg can only be reached by air or sea.

Pilot Point, Alaska

Pilot Point is a city in Alaska. Pilot Point is at (57.560226, -157.582267). The city is on top of a high, old glacial moraine.

Pilot Point has a total area of 154.8 square miles.

Pilot Station, Alaska

Pilot Station is a city in Alaska.

Platinum, Alaska

Platinum () is a city in Alaska.

Platinum is located at . It is located on Goodnews Bay adjacent to the mouth of the Small River and eleven miles southwest of Goodnews and the Kilbuck Mountains.

Platinum was named in the 1930s due to the platinum ore found in the area. The site was a mining boomtown by 1937 boasting a roadhouse, two trading posts and a population of fifty. A post office had been established in 1935. An earlier Inuit village called Arviq had been abandoned. The town was incorporated as a city in 1975.

Point Hope, Alaska

Point Hope is a city in Alaska. The city is found on the Lisburne Peninsula, along the coast of Chukchi Sea, above the Arctic Circle. At the 2020 census, 830 people lived there. There are no roads or railways going to the city, and can only be traveled to by airplane to Point Hope Airport, or maybe a boat.

Port Alexander, Alaska

Port Alexander is a city in Alaska.

Port Heiden, Alaska

Port Heiden is a city in Alaska.

Port Lions, Alaska

Port Lions is a city in Alaska.

Quinhagak, Alaska

Quinhagak (; also spelled Kwinhagak) is a city in the state of Alaska in the United States. It is in the Bethel Census Area. In 2020, there were 776 people living there.

Its name is "Kuinerraq" in the Central Alaskan Yup'ik language. This name was used as early as 1000 A.D.

Quinhagak is located at . The city is on the Kanektok River. The Arolik River is nearby. It is about from the Kuskokwim Bay of the Bering Sea.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city covers . It is of land and of water. About 12.5% of the city's area is water.

In 2020, there were 776 people living in Quinhagak. These people made up 192 households. The population density was 189.3 people per square mile (73.1 people/km².) The people were 94.2% Native American, 1.7% white, and 4.0% multiple races. 0.4% were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

The median income (middle) for a household was $33,125 per year. The median income for a family was $38,750 per year. The per capita income for the whole city was $10,820. 39.2% of the population was below the poverty line.

Most of the people in Quinhagak are subsistence hunter-gatherers. This means that they hunt, fish, and pick berries and plants to eat but not to sell. There are lots of salmon, trout, birds, caribou, moose, and berries around the city. There is a little bit of work for money available through the government. The Lower Kuskokwim School District and the Native Village of Kwinhagak have some wage jobs. 

During the summer salmon season, there are some commercial fishing and canning jobs. In the summer, migrant workers come to Quinhagak to work salmon fishing and canning.

Just outside the community there is the Nunalleq archaeological site. This site has been called "[o]ne of the most productive archaeological digs in North America". 

Ruby, Alaska

Ruby is a city in Alaska, United States.

Russian Mission, Alaska

Russian Mission is a city in Alaska.

Sand Point, Alaska

Sand Point is a city in Alaska.

Savoonga, Alaska

Savoonga is a city in Alaska. It is found on the middle part of St. Lawrence Island. In 2020, 835 people lived there. The city is mainly accessed by the Savoonga Airport. 

Saxman, Alaska

Saxman is a city Revillagigedo Island in Ketchikan Gateway Borough in the southeast of Alaska in the USA. As of 2020, 384 people lived in Saxman.

Scammon Bay, Alaska

Scammon Bay is a city in Alaska.

Selawik, Alaska

Selawik is a city in Northwest Arctic Borough, Alaska in the United States. At the 2020 census the population was 809.

Seldovia, Alaska

Seldovia is a city in Alaska.

Seward, Alaska

Seward is a city in Alaska. It is on the coast of the Kenai Peninsula. About 2,700 people live there. The town is named after William H. Seward. He was the United States Secretary of State under Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson. In 1867, he fought for the U.S. purchase of Alaska from Russia.

Shageluk, Alaska

Shageluk is a city in Alaska.

Shaktoolik, Alaska

Shaktoolik is a city in Alaska.

Shishmaref, Alaska

Shishmaref is a small city in Alaska. Less than 600 people live there. It is in an area called the Seward Peninsula.

Shungnak, Alaska

Shungnak is a city in Alaska.

Skagway, Alaska

Skagway is a city and borough in Alaska. It became famous from Soapy Smith.

Skagway is one of three Southeast Alaskan cities with a road to the Continental United States; Skagway is the southern end of the Klondike Highway. The road was built in 1978. The road links Skagway to Whitehorse, the Yukon, northern British Columbia, and the Alaska Highway.

The ferry system called "the Alaska Marine Highway" also stops at Skagway.

Skagway has a small airport.

Soldotna, Alaska

Soldotna is a city in Alaska, United States. The town is popular for fishing. The largest King Salmon was caught in Soldotna. The fish weighed 97 lb 4 oz.

The Soldotna Airport is a city-owned, public use airport.

In 1947, after World War II, the United States let people have land on the Kenai Peninsula. This was done by the Homestead Act. A road was made from Cooper Landing to Kenai. Soldotna was the place for a bridge over the Kenai River.

Oil was discovered in the Swanson River area in 1957. More people came to the area because of this.

St. George, Alaska

St. George is a city in Alaska.

St. Mary's, Alaska

St. Mary's is a city in Alaska. As of 2020, the population is about 599.

St. Michael, Alaska

St. Michael, historically referred to as Saint Michael, is a city in Nome Census Area, Alaska. The population was 456 at the 2020 census.

St. Paul, Alaska

St. Paul is a city in Alaska.

Stebbins, Alaska

Stebbins is a city in Alaska.

Tanana, Alaska

Tanana is a city in the Yukon-Koyukuk area of Alaska in the USA, it is located on the banks of the Yukon River. As of 2020, it had a population of 246.

Teller, Alaska

Teller is a city in Alaska. In 2020, 249 people lived in Teller, an increase from 229 in 2010.

Tenakee Springs, Alaska

Tenakee Springs is a city in Alaska.

Thorne Bay, Alaska

Thorne Bay is a city in Prince of Wales-Hyder Census Area, Alaska, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 476.

Togiak, Alaska

Togiak is a city in Alaska with a population of 817 in the year of 2020.

Toksook Bay, Alaska

Toksook Bay is a city in Alaska.

Unalakleet, Alaska

Unalakleet is a city in Alaska.

Unalaska, Alaska

Unalaska is a city in Alaska. Unalaska is on Unalaska Island and neighboring Amaknak Island in the Aleutian Islands.

Almost all the community's port facilities are on Amaknak Island. This is better known as Dutch Harbor or just "Dutch". It is the largest fisheries port in the U.S. by volume caught.

The Aleut have lived on Unalaska Island for thousands of years. They named the island "Ounalashka" which means 'Near the Peninsula'.

Makushin Volcano is on the island. It is not quite visible from the town of Unalaska. On a clear day the steam can be seen rising from its cone.

Upper Kalskag, Alaska

Upper Kalskag is a city in Alaska.

Valdez, Alaska

Valdez is a city in Alaska. The city is one of the most important ports in Alaska because it lies at the southern end of the Alaska Pipeline, which carries oil from the Prudhoe Bay oil field on the state's Arctic Ocean coast. It is in the of Prince William Sound. It is surrounded by the Chugach Mountains.

Wainwright, Alaska

Wainwright is a city in Alaska. It is in North Slope Borough. The community was named after Wainwright Lagoon. The Lagoon was named after Lt. John Wainwright, who discovered the lagoon in 1826. Wainwright was founded in 1904.

The town is on the Chukchi Sea. It is about southwest of Barrow.

Wales, Alaska

Wales ("Kiŋigin" in Iñupiaq) is a city in Alaska.

White Mountain, Alaska

White Mountain is a city near Nome, Alaska. 

White Mountain began as an Eskimo fishing camp. The natural resources of the Niukluk and the Fish Rivers supplied water and fish for the people who settled there. The community grew because many miners came during the Klondike Gold Rush. The first building built by non-native people was a warehouse built by a miner to store supplies. It then became an orphanage, which became a school in 1926. A Russian Orthodox Church was built about 1920, which is no longer used but still standing. A post office was opened in 1932.

Today, White Mountain is most known as the last of three rest stops for teams competing in the Iditarod dog sled race. All racers are required to take an 8-hour stop at White Mountain before leaving for the final leg to the end of the race, 99 miles (159 km) away in Nome.

Wrangell, Alaska

Wrangell is a city in the U.S. state of Alaska on Wrangell Island.

Yakutat, Alaska

The City and Borough of Yakutat (, ) (Tlingit: "Yaakwdáat") is a borough in the U.S. state of Alaska.

As of the 2020 census, the population was 662.

Yakutat has a total area of 103 square miles.

Yakutat has a subarctic climate (Köppen climate classification: "Dfc"), but with very high precipitation, no permafrost and temperate rainforests. It rivals Ketchikan as the wettest "city" in the United States, with a yearly precipitation (1991−2020 normals) of , which falls on 240 days of the year, including of snow, almost all of it falling from November through April, that occurs on 64 days every year. (However, with a yearly precipitation of , the city of Whittier has more yearly precipitation than both Yakutat and Ketchikan, which makes it the wettest city in Alaska and the United States, and Yakutat and Ketchikan the second- and third-wettest cities in Alaska, respectively.)

Communes of the Ain department

There are 419 communes in the Ain "département" in France.

Ambérieu-en-Bugey

Ambérieu-en-Bugey is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2010, 13,835 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Ambarrois". The local economy is mostly based around commerce, industry, construction and agriculture. The most important monuments in the commune are the "Château des Allymes", a castle from the 13th century and the "Tour de Gy" (officially called "La maison forte de Saint-Germain"), a fortified house from the 14th century. Both monuments are listed as "monuments historiques". Famous people from Ambérieu-en-Bugey include Laure Manaudou and Florent Manaudou, both French swimmers.

Ambérieux-en-Dombes

Ambérieux-en-Dombes is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 1,592 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Ambarrois". The most important monument in the commune is the "Château d'Ambérieux-en-Dombes", a 14th-century castle. It is listed as a "monument historique". It was restored in 2010. Famous people from Ambérieux-en-Dombes include Laurent Capponi, lord of Ambérieux in the 16th century, and Jean Saint-Cyr, a French politician.

Ambléon

Ambléon is a commune in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 120 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Ambléonais". The local economy is mostly based around agriculture and wine. The most important monuments in the commune are a 13th-century chapel and two private castles from the 15th and 16th centuries. Famous people from Ambléon include Théodore Chavanton, author of "L'Oasis perdue" (1945). He was a school teacher in the commune.

Ambronay

Ambronay is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2010, 2362 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Ambrunois". The local economy is mostly based around commerce and construction. The most important monuments in the commune are the Notre-Dame d'Ambronay abbey and the Gironville bastide. They are both classed as "monuments historiques". The "Hôtel de ville" is part of a 16th-century castle. Famous people from Ambronay include Louis Tholon, inventor of the first direct vision spectroscope.

Ambutrix

Ambutrix is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 660 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Butrians". The local economy is mostly based around agriculture. The most important monuments in the commune are the "Croix Baltazar" and the 12th century "Saint-Maurice" church. The name of the commune comes from a Celtic tribe which lived in the area called the "Ambarres".

Andert-et-Condon

Andert-et-Condon is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 336 people lived in the commune. The local economy is mostly based around agriculture and wine. The most important monument in the commune is the "Château d'Andert", a 15th-century castle that is listed as a "monument historique".

Anglefort

Anglefort is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 960 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Clafordans". The local economy is mostly based around a silicon factory and an EDF dam used for hydroelectricity. The most important monuments in the commune are the "Château d'Anglefort", a 13th-century castle, and the ruins of the "Château de la Rochette". The "Château d'Anglefort" is listed as a "monument historique". Famous people from Anglefort include Jacques-François Besson, bishop of Metz in the 19th century.

Apremont, Ain

Apremont is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. It is located half-way between Nantua and Oyonnax In 2009, 352 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Apremontois". The most important monument in the commune is a ruined castle from the 13th century. 

Aranc

Aranc is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 297 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Randaoillards". The local economy is mostly based around timber production, forestry and agriculture. There have also been initiatives to encourage tourism. The most important monuments in the commune are the Saint-Paul church and several houses from the 18th century. 

Arandas, Ain

Arandas is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 165 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Arandassiens". Famous people from Arandas include Anthelme Ferrand, a French politician in the late 19th century.

Arbent

Arbent is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 3,493 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Arbanais". The local economy is mostly based around workers who represent over 50% of the working population of Arbent. The most important monuments in the commune are the Saint-Laurent-d'Arbent church, which is listed as a "monument historique", and the Saint-Oyen chapel. Famous people from Arbent include Louis Aleman, a French cardinal in the 15th century, and the "Général Andréa", a 20th-century author.

Arbignieu

Arbignieu is a former commune in the Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Arboys-en-Bugey.

471 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Arbignolans". The local economy is mostly based around agriculture and wine. The most important monuments in the commune are the "Boule de Gargantua", a block of sandstone moved there by the giant "Gargantua" (referring to the main character from the novel Gargantua by François Rabelais), the "Peyzieu" church and the ruins of the "Château de Longecombe", a castle from the 12th century. Famous people from Arbignieu include Césaire Nivière, an agronomist from the 19th century.

Arbigny

Arbigny is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 383 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Arbignerons". The location was already populated in prehistory. The local economy is mainly based around agriculture. The most important monuments in the commune are the ruins of an old castle and a stele commemorating Royal Air Force landings during World War Two. 

Argis

Argis is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of the Ain department; in the east of France. In 2009, 421 people lived in the commune. 

The inhabitants are the "Argissiens". In the Middle Ages there was a castle in Argis; but it does not exist anymore. There are also two cascades in the commune, the "cascade de la côte" and the "cascade de la Pissoire".

Armix

Armix is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in east France. In 2012, 24 people lived in the commune. It is the least populated commune in the Ain department. The inhabitants are the "Armixois". Seismic activity affects this commune.


Ars-sur-Formans

Ars-sur-Formans is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 1,326 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Arsois". The most important monuments in the commune are the Ars basilica, built in 1862, and the "Presbytère du curé d'Ars", located at the side of the basilica, and which contains a relic (his heart) of Jean-Marie Vianney, "curé" of Ars in the 19th century. The commune is twinned with Freihalden in Germany since 1977.

Artemare

Artemare is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in east France. In 2009, 1,112 people lived in the commune. They are called "Artemariens". The local economy is mostly based around commerce. The most important monuments in the commune are the "Château de Mâchuraz", a castle from the 16th century close to the commune (administratively in the commune of Vieu), the "Château d'Antioche", and the ruins of "Châteauneuf" (also on the land of the commune of Vieu). Famous people from Artemare include Adophe Appian, a French painter from the 19th century.

Asnières-sur-Saône

Asnières-sur-Saône is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 73 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Asniérois". Famous people from Asnières-sur-Saône include José Mingret, a French painter in the 20th century who was inhumated there. The commune has been twinned with Bad Waldsee in Germany since 1991.

Attignat

Attignat is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 2,850 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Attignatis". The local economy is mostly based around commerce. The most important monuments in the commune are the Saint-Loup d'Attignat church, originally from the 12th century, and the ruins of the "Château de Jalamonde", a feudal castle. Famous people from Attignat include Antoine Galléry, a French poet from the 17th century who was born in the commune.

Bâgé-la-Ville

Bâgé-la-Ville is a former commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 2,975 people lived in the commune. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Bâgé-Dommartin. The inhabitants are the "Bagésiens". The local economy is mostly based around agriculture. The most important monuments in the commune are the "Château de Raponnet", an 18th-century castle, the "Château de Montépin", a 13th-century castle, the Saint-Michel church and the Epaisse chapel, listed as a "monument historique" since 1982.

Bâgé-le-Châtel

Bâgé-le-Châtel is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. The inhabitants of this town are called "Bagésiens". In 2009, 792 people lived in the commune. Historically, the local economy was mostly based around commerce, but declined in the middle of the 20th century because the town of Mâcon is so close. The most important monuments in the commune are the ramparts, listed as "monument historique" since 1929, the old hospital, "monument historique" since 1980, two 16th century castles and the "Assomption" church . Famous people from Bâgé-le-Châtel include the generals Puthod (18 and 19th centuries) and Murtin (20th century).

Balan, Ain

Balan is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2010, 2,348 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Balanais". In the past they were called the "Balandrins" The local economy is mostly based around commerce and industry. The most important monuments in the commune are the Saint-Jean-Baptiste church and the "Maison Forte de Montherot", a fortified house from the 17th century. Famous people from Balan include Jean Reverzy, a 20th-century doctor and author.

Baneins

Baneins is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 583 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Baninois". The local economy is mostly based around agriculture. The most important monuments in the commune are the Saint-Martin church, originally from the 12th century, and a lavoir built in 1912. Famous people from Baneins include Donat Bollet, a doctor and politician in the 19th and 20th centuries.

Beaupont

Beaupont is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 599 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Beaupontois". The most important monuments in the commune are the Bevey farm, listed as a "monument historique", and the commune's church. Famous people related to Beaupont include Roger Pingeon, winner of the Tour de France (cycling race) in 1967, who lives in the commune. Robert Schuman, a French politician, hid in the commune during the Second World War.

Beauregard, Ain

Beauregard is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 869 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Beauregardiens". The most important monuments in the commune are the "Château de Beauregard", a feudal castle rebuilt in the 19th century, the Saint-François-D'Assise church, listed as a "monument historique", and the Beauregard suspension bridge from the 19th century, also listed as a "monument historique". Famous people from Beauregard include Victor Vermorel, an author (he wrote books about wine) and politician in the 19th and 20th centuries.

Béligneux

Béligneux is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2010, 2,905 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Bélignards". The most important monuments in the commune are a neo-gothic church from the 19th century and the Saint-André chapel from the 13th century. The commune is twinned with Ostfildern in Germany since 1978.

Bellegarde-sur-Valserine

Bellegarde-sur-Valserine is a former commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Valserhône. In 2010, 11,790 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Bellegardiens". The local economy is mostly based around commerce. Monuments in the commune are numerous. There are many castles including the "Châteaux de Musinens", "Mussel", "Arlod", "Vanchy" and "Crêts". There are also many churches including the "Saint-Vicent-de-Paul", "Notre-Dame-de-l'Assomption", "Saint-Nicolas d'Arlod" and "Saint-Claude de Vanchy" churches. Famous people from Bellegarde-sur-Valserine include Robert Barrier, a politician, David Venditti, a French rugby player, Younès Kaboul, a French football player, Nelly Moenne Loccoz, a French snowboarder and Yves Amoureux, an author and movie producer.

Belley

Belley is a commune in the Ain department. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the east of France and is the capital of the "arrondissement" of Belley.

It was the capital of Bugey ("Pagus Bellicensis"), a historical region in Ain between Lyon and Geneva.

Belley has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Belley to other cities are:


The climate of Belley, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Belley are known, in French, as "Belleysans" (women: "Belleysannes").

Belley has a population, in 2014, of 8,983, and its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Belley

Belley is a subprefecture of the Ain department and the capital of the arrondissement of Belley in the same department. It is also the capital of the canton of Belley, formed by 34 "communes" (24,216 inhabitants) 

It is part of the intercommunality "Bugey Sud".

The local economy is mostly based around commerce. Cheese production is also important. The commune produces a cheese called the "Tomme de Belley".

The most important monuments in the commune are the Saint-Jean-Baptiste cathedral and the "Palais Episcopal" of Belley, both listed as "monuments historiques".


Belleydoux

Belleydoux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 310 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Belleydousans". Famous people from Belleydoux include Gabriel Taborin, a 20th-century religious man.

Bellignat

Bellignat is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 3,481 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Renouillus". The local economy is closely associated to the town of Oyonnax. 

Belmont-Luthézieu

Belmont-Luthézieu is a former commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Valromey-sur-Séran. In 2009, 502 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Belmontais". The local economy is mostly based around agriculture and wine. The most important monuments in the commune are the "Luthézieu" church, listed as a "monument historique", the "Château d'Hostel", a renaissance castle, and the ruins of the "Château de Belmont". Famous people from Belmont-Luthézieu include Gabriel Taborin , a religious man from the 19th century. Tony Desjardins, an architect, died in this commune.

Arkadelphia, Arkansas

Arkadelphia is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Bénonces

Bénonces is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 278 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Bénonçards". The most important monuments in the commune are the "Chartreuse de Portes", a 12th-century monastery listed as a "monument historique", and the Saint-Pierre church.

Arkansas City, Arkansas

Arkansas City is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Bény

Bény is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 734 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Bénéens". The local economy is mostly based around agriculture. The most important monument in the commune is the Marmont manor house ("manoir"), listed as a "monument historique" since 1992. 

Ash Flat, Arkansas

Ash Flat is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Ashdown, Arkansas

Ashdown is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is the county seat of Little River County.

Béon, Ain

Béon is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2009, 352 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Béonais". The most important monuments in the commune are the "Château de Béon", a 19th-century castle, and the ruins of the "Château de Luyrieu", a feudal castle. The commune is twinned with Béon in the Yonne département.


Atkins, Arkansas

Atkins is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Augusta, Arkansas

Augusta is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It had a population of 1,998 in 2020.

Béréziat

Béréziat is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France. In 2009, 426 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Béréziatais". The commune was first mentioned in the 9th century.

Bald Knob, Arkansas

Bald Knob is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Bettant

Bettant is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Barling, Arkansas

Barling is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is in Sebastian County.

Bey, Ain

Bey is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Batesville, Arkansas

Batesville is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is the largest city of Independence County.

Bearden, Arkansas

Bearden is a city in Ouachita County, Arkansas, United States.

Beynost

Beynost is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Beaver, Arkansas

Beaver is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Beebe, Arkansas

Beebe is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Bella Vista, Arkansas

Bella Vista is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Billiat

Billiat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Benton, Arkansas

Benton is a city in and the county seat of Saline County, Arkansas in the United States. As of 2020, 35,014 people were living in Benton.

Bentonville, Arkansas

Bentonville is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Walmart. 

Governor Asa Hutchinson. 

Berryville, Arkansas

Berryville is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Bigelow, Arkansas

Bigelow is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Biggers, Arkansas

Biggers is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Bismarck, Arkansas

Bismarck is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hot Spring County, Arkansas, United States. It is named in honor of the German statesman, Otto von Bismarck.

Black Oak, Arkansas

Black Oak is a town in the US state of Arkansas.

Black Rock, Arkansas

Black Rock is a city in Lawrence County in the US state of Arkansas. It is on the Black River at the edge of the Ozark Mountains. The city was a boomtown, rising because of new railroads and timber interests. Later pearling became an important business in Black Rock.

Bluff City, Arkansas

Bluff City is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Birieux

Birieux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Blytheville, Arkansas

Blytheville is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Bono, Arkansas

Bono is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Booneville, Arkansas

Booneville is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Bradley, Arkansas

Bradley is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Branch, Arkansas

Branch is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Brinkley, Arkansas

Brinkley is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Brookland, Arkansas

Brookland is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Bryant, Arkansas

Bryant is a city in the US state of Arkansas.


Biziat

Biziat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Bull Shoals, Arkansas

Bull Shoals is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Cabot, Arkansas

Cabot is the largest city in Lonoke County, Arkansas, United States. It is about 30 miles from Little Rock. According to the 2020 census, the population of the city is 26,569, ranking it as the state's 19th largest city. It is part of the Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Cabot has the third highest median household income in Arkansas (after Maumelle and White Hall).

It is covered by the National Weather Service Forecast Office in North Little Rock.

Calico Rock, Arkansas

Calico Rock is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Blyes

Blyes is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France.

Camden, Arkansas

Camden is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Carlisle, Arkansas

Carlisle is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Cave City, Arkansas

Cave City is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Bohas-Meyriat-Rignat

Bohas-Meyriat-Rignat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Centerton, Arkansas

Centerton is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Charleston, Arkansas

Charleston is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Cherokee Village, Arkansas

Cherokee Village is a city in Fulton and Sharp counties in the U.S. state of Arkansas.

Clarendon, Arkansas

Clarendon is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Boissey, Ain

Boissey is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.

Clarksville, Arkansas

Clarksville is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Bolozon

Bolozon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Clinton, Arkansas

Clinton is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Conway, Arkansas

Conway is a city in the US state of Arkansas. About 64,000 people live there and it is the 8th biggest city in the state. Most of its jobs are in technology, education, and retail. Its nickname is "City of Colleges" because three colleges are in it. It is home to the University of Central Arkansas and Hendrix College.

Bouligneux

Bouligneux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Bourg-en-Bresse

Bourg-en-Bresse is a commune in the Ain department, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in east France. It is the prefecture of the department and the capital of the "arrondissement" of Bourg-en-Bresse.

Bourg-en-Bresse is located at the western base of the Jura Mountains, on the left bank of the Reyssouze river, a tributary of the Saône.

The commune has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Bourg-en-Bresse to other cities are:

The "commune" of Bourg-en-Bresse is surrounded by the "communes" Viriat, Jasseron, Saint-Just, Montagnat, Péronnas and Saint-Denis-lès-Bourg.

The climate of Bourg-en-Bresse, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Bourg-en-Bresse are known, in French, as "Burgiens" (women: "Burgiennes"').

Bourg-en-Bresse has a population, in 2014, of 40,967 and its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Bourg-en-Bresse

Bourg-en-Bresse forms, with other 4 "communes", the urban area of Bourg-en-Bresse with a population of 59,816 inhabitants (2014) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Bourg-en-Bresse, formed by 69 "communes", with a population of 125,863 inhabitants (2014) and an area of .

Bourg-en-Bresse is the prefecture of the Ain department since 1800. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Bourg-en-Bresse and the administrative centre () of two cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Bassin de Bourg-en-Bresse" ().

Bourg-en-Bresse is twinned with:

Additionally, it has established partnerships withː



Bourg-Saint-Christophe

Bourg-Saint-Christophe is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Boyeux-Saint-Jérôme

Boyeux-Saint-Jérôme is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Boz, Ain

Boz is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France.

Brégnier-Cordon

Brégnier-Cordon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Brénaz

Brénaz is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Arvière-en-Valromey.

Brénod

Brénod is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.

The commune is 70 kilometers or 43 miles northeast of Lyon.

Brens, Ain

Brens is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Bressolles, Ain

Bressolles is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Brion, Ain

Brion is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Briord

Briord is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Buellas

Buellas is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.

Ceignes

Ceignes is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Cerdon, Ain

Cerdon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Corning, Arkansas

Corning is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is in Clay County.

Cotter, Arkansas

Cotter is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Cotton Plant, Arkansas

Cotton Plant is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Certines

Certines is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Crossett, Arkansas

Crossett is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

The population was 4,822 at the 2020 count.

Cushman, Arkansas

Cushman is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Cessy

Cessy is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department. This in the east of France.

Ceyzériat

Ceyzériat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Danville, Arkansas

Danville is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Comeback Kid

Comeback Kid (or CBK) are a Hardcore punk band from Canada. They live in the area of Winnipeg. The band is currently signed to Victory records. Their former labels include Facedown Records. The band was formed in 2002 by Andrew Neufeld and Jeremy Hiebert.

The band has released three albums and a live DVD called "Through the Noise".

For their first two albums, Scott Wade was the singer for the band. He left the band in May 2006. His role as singer for Comeback Kid, was replaced by the band's guitarist, Andrew Neufeld.

People often think that Comeback Kid is a Christian band. This is because of their original record label and the band some of the members used to be part of. Some of Comeback Kid's members were Christian but not anymore. The lead singer has stated that they do not really have an agenda and just love playing their type of music.

Dardanelle, Arkansas

Dardanelle is a city in Yell County, Arkansas, United States. It is near Lake Dardanelle.

The population was 4,517 at the 2020 census. Along with Danville, it is one of two county seats for Yell County.


Ceyzérieu

Ceyzérieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

De Queen, Arkansas

De Queen is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Decatur, Arkansas

Decatur is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Delaplaine, Arkansas

Delaplaine is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Chalamont

Chalamont is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Dermott, Arkansas

Dermott is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Des Arc, Arkansas

Des Arc is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Diamond City, Arkansas

Diamond City is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Chaleins

Chaleins is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France.

Diaz, Arkansas

Diaz is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Donaldson, Arkansas

Donaldson is a town in the US state of Arkansas.

Dover, Arkansas

Dover is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Chaley

Chaley is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Dumas, Arkansas

Dumas is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Egypt, Arkansas

Egypt is a town in the US state of Arkansas.

El Dorado, Arkansas

El Dorado is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Challes-la-Montagne

Challes-la-Montagne is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Elaine, Arkansas

Elaine is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Challex

Challex is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Eudora, Arkansas

Eudora is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Champagne-en-Valromey

Champagne-en-Valromey is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Champdor

Champdor is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Champdor-Corcelles.

Champfromier

Champfromier is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Chanay

Chanay is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Eureka Springs, Arkansas

Eureka Springs is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Chaneins

Chaneins is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Evening Shade, Arkansas

Evening Shade is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Chanoz-Châtenay

Chanoz-Châtenay is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Fairfield Bay, Arkansas

Fairfield Bay is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Farmington, Arkansas

Farmington is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Fayetteville, Arkansas

Fayetteville is a city and county seat of Washington County in the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

It is also home to the University of Arkansas, which is the state's largest university.

Charix

Charix is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Fifty-Six, Arkansas

Fifty-Six is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Charnoz-sur-Ain

Charnoz-sur-Ain is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Bombylius major

Bombylius major, the large bee fly, is a fly which is a bee mimic. It is a parasitoid on bees and wasps. The eggs are flicked by the adult female toward the entrance of the underground nests of solitary bees and wasps. After hatching, the larvae find their way into the nests to feed on the grubs.

They can be found in April to June in Europe and North America and some parts of Asia.

Château-Gaillard, Ain

Château-Gaillard is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the centre-east of France.


Châtenay, Ain

Châtenay is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Châtillon-en-Michaille

Châtillon-en-Michaille is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Valserhône.

Châtillon-la-Palud

Châtillon-la-Palud is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Châtillon-sur-Chalaronne

Châtillon-sur-Chalaronne is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Chavannes-sur-Reyssouze

Chavannes-sur-Reyssouze is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Chavannes-sur-Suran

Chavannes-sur-Suran is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Nivigne et Suran.

Chaveyriat

Chaveyriat is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France.

Chavornay, Ain

Chavornay is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Arvière-en-Valromey.

Chazey-Bons

Chazey-Bons is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2017, the former commune of Pugieu was merged into Chazey-Bons.


Chazey-sur-Ain

Chazey-sur-Ain is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Cheignieu-la-Balme

Cheignieu-la-Balme is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Chevillard, Ain

Chevillard is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Chevroux, Ain

Chevroux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Chevry, Ain

Chevry is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

The D78, D78A, D89 and D984C roads pass through Chevry.

Chézery-Forens

Chézery-Forens is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Civrieux

Civrieux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Cize, Ain

Cize is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.

Cleyzieu

Cleyzieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Coligny, Ain

Coligny is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Collonges, Ain

Collonges is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France.

Colomieu

Colomieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Conand, Ain

Conand is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Condamine, Ain

Condamine is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Condeissiat

Condeissiat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Confort

Confort is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Confrançon

Confrançon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Contrevoz

Contrevoz is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Conzieu

Conzieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Corbonod

Corbonod is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Corcelles, Ain

Corcelles is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Champdor-Corcelles.

Corlier

Corlier is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Cormaranche-en-Bugey

Cormaranche-en-Bugey is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Plateau d'Hauteville.

Cormoranche-sur-Saône

Cormoranche-sur-Saône is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department. It is in the east of France.

Cormoz

Cormoz is a commune. It is in the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Corveissiat

Corveissiat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Courmangoux

Courmangoux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Courtes

Courtes is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Crans, Ain

Crans is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Cras-sur-Reyssouze

Cras-sur-Reyssouze is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Bresse Vallons.

Fisher, Arkansas

Fisher is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Cressin-Rochefort

Cressin-Rochefort is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Flippin, Arkansas

Flippin is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Crottet

Crottet is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Fordyce, Arkansas

Fordyce is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Crozet, Ain

Crozet is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Forrest City, Arkansas

Forrest City is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Cruzilles-lès-Mépillat

Cruzilles-lès-Mépillat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Culoz

Culoz is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Fort Smith, Arkansas

Fort Smith is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is one of the two county seats of Sebastian County. The other county seat is Greenwood, Arkansas.

Curciat-Dongalon

Curciat-Dongalon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Curtafond

Curtafond is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Cuzieu, Ain

Cuzieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Fountain Lake, Arkansas

Fountain Lake is a town of Garland County in the state of Arkansas in the United States.

Dagneux

Dagneux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2014, 4,441 people lived in the commune. The inhabitants are the "Dagnards".

Friendship, Arkansas

Friendship is a town of Hot Spring County in the state of Arkansas, in the United States.

Divonne-les-Bains

Divonne-les-Bains is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department. This in the east of France.

Fulton County, Arkansas

Fulton County is a county found in Arkansas. About 12,000 people were living in Fulton County in 2020. The county seat is Salem.

Dommartin, Ain

Dommartin is a former commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Bâgé-Dommartin.

Gassville, Arkansas

Gassville is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Dompierre-sur-Chalaronne

Dompierre-sur-Chalaronne is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Gentry, Arkansas

Gentry is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Dompierre-sur-Veyle

Dompierre-sur-Veyle is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Gosnell, Arkansas

Gosnell is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Domsure

Domsure is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Dortan

Dortan is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Gravette, Arkansas

Gravette is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Douvres

Douvres is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Greenwood, Arkansas

Greenwood is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is one of the two county seats of Sebastian County.

Drom

Drom is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Guion, Arkansas

Guion is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Druillat

Druillat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Échallon

Échallon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Gurdon, Arkansas

Gurdon is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Échenevex

Échenevex is a commune in France. It is found in the region (area of land) of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Guy, Arkansas

Guy is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Étrez

Étrez is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Bresse Vallons.

Hamburg, Arkansas

Hamburg is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Évosges

Évosges is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in east France.

Hampton, Arkansas

Hampton is a city in the state of Arkansas in United States. It is the county seat of Calhoun County.

Faramans, Ain

Faramans is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Fareins

Fareins is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Farges

Farges is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Feillens

Feillens is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Ferney-Voltaire

Ferney-Voltaire is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Flaxieu

Flaxieu is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France.

Foissiat

Foissiat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Francheleins

Francheleins is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Frans, Ain

Frans is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Garnerans

Garnerans is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Genouilleux

Genouilleux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Géovreisset

Géovreisset is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Germagnat

Germagnat is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Nivigne et Suran.

Gex, Ain

Gex () is a commune in the Ain department. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in east France. Gex is the capital of the "arrondissement" of Gex and of the historical region Pays de Gex.

It is from the Swiss border and from Geneva.

The area of Gex is . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Gex to other cities are:


The climate of Gex, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Gex are known, in French, as "Gexois" (women: "Gexoises"').

Gex's population, in 2014 was 11,141 and its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Gex

Gex is a subprefecture of the Ain department and the capital of the arrondissement of Gex in the same department. It is also the capital of the canton of Gex, formed by 7 "communes" (29,557 inhabitants) 

It is part of the intercommunality "Pays de Gex".


Giron

Giron is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Gorrevod

Gorrevod is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Grand-Corent

Grand-Corent is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Grièges

Grièges is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Grilly

Grilly is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Groissiat

Groissiat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Groslée

Groslée is a former commune in the Ain department in eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Groslée-Saint-Benoît.


Harrison, Arkansas

Harrison is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Guéreins

Guéreins is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Heber Springs, Arkansas

Heber Springs is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Hautecourt-Romanèche

Hautecourt-Romanèche is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Highland, Arkansas

Highland is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Hauteville-Lompnes

Hauteville-Lompnes is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

It is about 20 km east of Ambérieu-en-Bugey and 38 km southeast of Bourg-en-Bresse.

On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Plateau d'Hauteville.

Hot Springs, Arkansas

Hot Springs is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Hostiaz

Hostiaz was commune in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in east France. On 1 January 2019, it became part of a new commune called Plateau d'Hauteville.

Hoxie, Arkansas

Hoxie is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Hotonnes

Hotonnes is a former commune in the Ain department in eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Haut-Valromey.


Jacksonville, Arkansas

Jacksonville is a city in the U.S. state of Arkansas.

Illiat

Illiat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Jersey, Arkansas

Jersey is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Injoux-Génissiat

Injoux-Génissiat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Jonesboro, Arkansas

Jonesboro is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Innimond

Innimond is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Izenave

Izenave is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.


Keo, Arkansas

Keo is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Izernore

Izernore is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Lake Village, Arkansas

Lake Village is a city in Chicot County, Arkansas in the United States.

Izieu

Izieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

It lies on the Rhône River between the cities of Lyon and Chambéry.

Lakeview, Arkansas

Lakeview is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Jassans-Riottier

Jassans-Riottier is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Jasseron

Jasseron is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in east France.

Lavaca, Arkansas

Lavaca is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is in Sebastian County.

Jayat

Jayat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Journans

Journans is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Leachville, Arkansas

Leachville is a city in the US state of Arkansas. In 2020, there were 2,039 people living in Leachville.

Joyeux

Joyeux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Lead Hill, Arkansas

Lead Hill is a small town in the US state of Arkansas.

Jujurieux

Jujurieux is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in east France.

L'Abergement-Clémenciat

L'Abergement-Clémenciat is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Leola, Arkansas

Leola is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

L'Abergement-de-Varey

L'Abergement-de-Varey is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

La Boisse

La Boisse is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

La Burbanche

La Burbanche is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

La Chapelle-du-Châtelard

La Chapelle-du-Châtelard is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

La Tranclière

La Tranclière is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Labalme

Labalme is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Lagnieu

Lagnieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Laiz

Laiz is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Lalleyriat

Lalleyriat is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Le Poizat-Lalleyriat.

Lancrans

Lancrans is a former commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Valserhône.

Lantenay, Ain

Lantenay is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Lapeyrouse, Ain

Lapeyrouse is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Leslie, Arkansas

Leslie is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Lavours

Lavours is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Lincoln, Arkansas

Lincoln is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Le Grand-Abergement

Le Grand-Abergement is a former commune in the Ain department in eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Haut-Valromey.


London, Arkansas

London is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Le Montellier

Le Montellier is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Le Petit-Abergement

Le Petit-Abergement is a former commune in the Ain department in eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Haut-Valromey.


Lonoke, Arkansas

Lonoke is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Le Plantay

Le Plantay is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Lowell, Arkansas

Lowell is a city in the US state of Arkansas. About 10,000 people were living in Lowell as of the year 2020.

Lowell is located at (36.260429, -94.139570).

Le Poizat

Le Poizat is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Le Poizat-Lalleyriat.

Madison, Arkansas

Madison is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Tony Hawk's American Wasteland

Tony Hawk's American Wasteland is a skateboarding video game that was on the PS2, Xbox, Xbox 360, Nintendo GameCube and PC. The game was developed by Neversoft and published by Activision. The PC version of the game was ported/published by Aspyr.

Léaz

Léaz is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Magazine, Arkansas

Magazine is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is in Logan County.

Lélex

Lélex is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Magnolia, Arkansas

Magnolia is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Lent, Ain

Lent is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Malvern, Arkansas

Malvern is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Les Neyrolles

Les Neyrolles is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Lescheroux

Lescheroux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Mammoth Spring, Arkansas

Mammoth Spring is a city in Fulton County, Arkansas, United States.

Leyment

Leyment is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Mansfield, Arkansas

Mansfield is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is in Scott and Sebastian counties.

Leyssard

Leyssard is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Marianna, Arkansas

Marianna is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Lhôpital

Lhôpital is a former commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Surjoux-Lhopital.

Marion, Arkansas

Marion is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Lhuis

Lhuis is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Marked Tree, Arkansas

Marked Tree is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Lochieu

Lochieu is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Arvière-en-Valromey.

Lompnas

Lompnas is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Marshall, Arkansas

Marshall is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Lompnieu

Lompnieu is a former commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in east France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Valromey-sur-Séran.

Loyettes

Loyettes is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Lurcy

Lurcy is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Magnieu

Magnieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, the former commune of Saint-Champ merged into Magnieu.

Maillat

Maillat is a commune that is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Malafretaz

Malafretaz is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Mantenay-Montlin

Mantenay-Montlin is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in east France. In 2014, 306 people lived in the commune.

Manziat

Manziat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Marboz

Marboz is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Marchamp

Marchamp is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Marignieu

Marignieu is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France.

Marlieux

Marlieux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Marsonnas

Marsonnas is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Martignat

Martignat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Massieux

Massieux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Massignieu-de-Rives

Massignieu-de-Rives is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Matafelon-Granges

Matafelon-Granges is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Meillonnas

Meillonnas is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Mérignat

Mérignat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Messimy-sur-Saône

Messimy-sur-Saône is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Meximieux

Meximieux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Mézériat

Mézériat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Mijoux

Mijoux is a commune in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.

Mionnay

Mionnay is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Miribel, Ain

Miribel is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Misérieux

Misérieux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Mogneneins

Mogneneins is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department. This in the east of France.

Montagnat

Montagnat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Montagnieu, Ain

Montagnieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Montanges

Montanges is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Montceaux

Montceaux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Montcet

Montcet is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Monthieux

Monthieux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Montluel

Montluel is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in eastern France. The population in 2008 was 6,774 people.

Montmerle-sur-Saône

Montmerle-sur-Saône is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.


Montracol

Montracol is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Montréal-la-Cluse

Montréal-la-Cluse is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Montrevel-en-Bresse

Montrevel-en-Bresse is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Murs-et-Gélignieux

Murs-et-Gélignieux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Nantua

Nantua is a commune in the Ain department. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the east of France and is the capital of the "arrondissement" of Nantua.

The commune of Nantua has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Nantua to other cities are:


The climate of Nantua, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Nantua are known, in French, as "Nantuatiens" (women: "Nantuatiennes").

Nantua has a population, in 2014, of 3,534 and its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Nantua

Nantua is a subprefecture of the Ain department and the capital of the arrondissement of Nantua in the same department. It is also the capital of the canton of Nantua, formed by 18 "communes" (21,477 inhabitants) 

It is part of the intercommunality "Haut Bugey".

Nantua is twinned with:


Nattages

Nattages is a former commune in the Ain department in eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Parves-et-Nattages.


Neuville-les-Dames

Neuville-les-Dames is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Marvell, Arkansas

Marvell is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Neuville-sur-Ain

Neuville-sur-Ain is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Neyron

Neyron is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Maumelle, Arkansas

Maumelle is a city in the U.S. state of Arkansas.

Niévroz

Niévroz is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France.

McGehee, Arkansas

McGehee is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Nivollet-Montgriffon

Nivollet-Montgriffon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Melbourne, Arkansas

Melbourne is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Nurieux-Volognat

Nurieux-Volognat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Mena, Arkansas

Mena is a city located in Polk county in the US state of Arkansas.

Oncieu

Oncieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Ordonnaz

Ordonnaz is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in east France.

Monticello, Arkansas

Monticello is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Ornex

Ornex is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Morrilton, Arkansas

Morrilton is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Outriaz

Outriaz is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Mountain Home, Arkansas

Mountain Home is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Oyonnax

Oyonnax is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Mountain View, Arkansas

Mountain View is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Ozan, Ain

Ozan is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Parcieux

Parcieux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Parves

Parves is a former commune in the Ain department in eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Parves-et-Nattages.


Péron, Ain

Péron is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Péronnas

Péronnas is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Pérouges

Pérouges is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department. This in the east of France.

Perrex

Perrex is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Peyriat

Peyriat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. It is 383 kilometers from Paris, and is 680 meters above sea level. In 2007, there were 166 people living in the commune.

Mountainburg, Arkansas

Mountainburg is a city in Crawford County, Arkansas, in the United States.

Peyrieu

Peyrieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Nashville, Arkansas

Nashville is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Peyzieux-sur-Saône

Peyzieux-sur-Saône is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Natural Steps, Arkansas

Natural Steps is an unincorporated census-designated place in the U.S. state of Arkansas.

Pirajoux

Pirajoux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Pizay

Pizay is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.


Newport, Arkansas

Newport is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Plagne, Ain

Plagne is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Norfork, Arkansas

Norfork is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Polliat

Polliat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

North Little Rock, Arkansas

North Little Rock is a city in the U.S. state of Arkansas.

Pollieu

Pollieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Ola, Arkansas

Ola is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Poncin

Poncin is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Omaha, Arkansas

Omaha is a small town in the US state of Arkansas.

Pont-d'Ain

Pont-d'Ain is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Pont-de-Vaux

Pont-de-Vaux is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France.

Osceola, Arkansas

Osceola is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Pont-de-Veyle

Pont-de-Veyle is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. It is 10 kilometers east of Mâcon, and about 400 km from Paris. In 1999, there were 1571 people living in the commune. It is on an island made where the River Veyle separates into two branches. The Veyle then flows into the River Saône, which was made the border between the Kingdom of France and the German Empire in 843 by the Treaty of Verdun.

Pont-de-Veyle was first started by the Lords of Bage, and legally made a city by the Counts of Savoy in 1275. It only became French in 1601 under King Henri IV of France as part of the Treaty of Lyon.

Because it was close to the border, this city had to build a castle to defend themselves against the Lords of Macon, the Sires of Beaujeu and the Princes of Dombes. The castle had 14 towers, but today only one remains, the Clock Tower and a doorway from the 14th century, joined by brick walls. Today there is very little left of these walls. The castle was surrounded by a moat filled with water. From 1750 to 1800, they pulled down the city walls and towers that had become dangerous and were about to fall down.

There are many old and historic buildings from the Renaissance and later centuries. The "Savoy" or "House of Lords", whose facade was restored, is one of the most beautiful in the region. There is a priory of Saint Benedict with its Gothic doors. There are many half-timbered houses, such as "The House of the Watchman", which was redeveloped with great care and taste. There are also many spiral staircases of stone, including one at City Hall which was part of the former College of the Jesuits. The Jesuit style church was built in 1755. The hospital which was started in 1322, still has 18th century buildings.

After the Reformation and the religious wars there was a large group of Protestants living in the city. When the Edict of Nantes, a law which gave them religious freedom, was overturned, they fled the city and went to live in Switzerland and Germany.

Jean-Louis Carra, a French journalist and revolutionary, was born in Pont-de-Veyle on 9 March 1742. He was executed by the guillotine in Paris on 31 October, 1793.

Ozark, Arkansas

Ozark is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Port, Ain

Port is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Pougny, Ain

Pougny is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Pouillat

Pouillat is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Prémeyzel

Prémeyzel is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. The inhabitants are the "Prémeyzélans".

Palestine, Arkansas

Palestine is a city in the US state of America.

Prémillieu

Prémillieu is a commune in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in east France.

Paragould, Arkansas

Paragould is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Pressiat

Pressiat used to be a commune. It was in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France. On 1 January 2016, it became part of the new commune of Val-Revermont.

Prévessin-Moëns

Prévessin-Moëns is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Priay

Priay is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Pugieu

Pugieu is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the commune of Chazey-Bons.

Ramasse

Ramasse is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France.

Rancé

Rancé is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Relevant, Ain

Relevant is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Replonges

Replonges is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Revonnas

Revonnas is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.

Reyrieux

Reyrieux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Reyssouze

Reyssouze is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France.

Rignieux-le-Franc

Rignieux-le-Franc is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department. This in the east of France.

Romans, Ain

Romans is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Rossillon

Rossillon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Ruffieu

Ruffieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Paris, Arkansas

Paris is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Saint-Alban, Ain

Saint-Alban is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-André-d'Huiriat

Saint-André-d'Huiriat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2006, about 497 people lived there.

Pea Ridge, Arkansas

Pea Ridge is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Saint-André-de-Bâgé

Saint-André-de-Bâgé is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Peach Orchard, Arkansas

Peach Orchard is a city of Clay County in the state of Arkansas in the United States.

Saint-André-de-Corcy

Saint-André-de-Corcy is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Perryville, Arkansas

Perryville is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Saint-André-le-Bouchoux

Saint-André-le-Bouchoux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-André-sur-Vieux-Jonc

aSaint-André-sur-Vieux-Jonc is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Bénigne

Saint-Bénigne is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Benoît, Ain

Saint-Benoît is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Groslée-Saint-Benoît.


Saint-Bernard, Ain

Saint-Bernard is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Bois

Saint-Bois is a former commune in the Ain department in eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Arboys-en-Bugey.


Saint-Champ

Saint-Champ is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into Magnieu.

Saint-Cyr-sur-Menthon

Saint-Cyr-sur-Menthon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Denis-en-Bugey

Saint-Denis-en-Bugey is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Denis-lès-Bourg

Saint-Denis-lès-Bourg is a commune in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.

Saint-Didier-d'Aussiat

Saint-Didier-d'Aussiat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Didier-de-Formans

Saint-Didier-de-Formans is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Didier-sur-Chalaronne

Saint-Didier-sur-Chalaronne is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in east France.

The Chalaronne (a long river) flows west through the southern part of the commune. It then flows into the Saône, which is part of the commune's south-western border.

Saint-Éloi, Ain

Saint-Éloi is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Étienne-du-Bois, Ain

Saint-Étienne-du-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Étienne-sur-Chalaronne

Saint-Étienne-sur-Chalaronne is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Étienne-sur-Reyssouze

Saint-Étienne-sur-Reyssouze is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Piggott, Arkansas

Piggott is a city in the US state of Arkansas. In 2020 there were about 3,600 people living in Piggott which is the largest city in Clay County. The town was first called Huston, but was later named Piggott after Dr. James Piggott, an early resident. In 1956 the town was used as the main location in Elia Kazan's movie, "A Face in the Crowd", starring Lee Remick and Andy Griffith.

American author Ernest Hemingway visited Piggot many times during the 1930s. His second wife's parents, Paul and Mary Pfeiffer, lived in Piggott. They converted a barn into a studio where Hemingway could write. He wrote a lot of his novel "A Farewell to Arms" in the studio. The house and barn are now the Hemingway-Pfeiffer Museum and Educational Center which is run by Arkansas State University.

Saint-Genis-Pouilly

Saint-Genis-Pouilly is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Genis-sur-Menthon

Saint-Genis-sur-Menthon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Georges-sur-Renon

Saint-Georges-sur-Renon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Germain-de-Joux

Saint-Germain-de-Joux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. The people who live there are called "San-Germinois". In 2006, about 496 lived there.

Saint-Germain-les-Paroisses

Saint-Germain-les-Paroisses is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Germain-sur-Renon

Saint-Germain-sur-Renon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Pindall, Arkansas

Pindall is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Saint-Jean-de-Gonville

Saint-Jean-de-Gonville is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Pine Bluff, Arkansas

Pine Bluff is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Saint-Jean-de-Niost

Saint-Jean-de-Niost is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Skateboarding

Skateboarding is the act of riding on a skateboard and doing tricks that very difficult. A person who skateboards is most often called a "skateboarder". 

Skateboarding can be a hobby, an art, a job, or a way of moving around. Skateboarding has been changed by many skateboarders over many years. A 2002 report by "American Sports Data" found that there were 18.5 million skateboarders in the world. Of those skateboarders, 85 percent were under 18 years old, and 74 percent were male.

Skateboarding is an Olympic sport since the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan but it's also a way to transport yourself around town. Whatever you're using a skateboard for it's important to wear proper protective equipment like a helmet, wrist guards, elbow pads, and knee pads.

Skateboarding really exploded in California when the surfers wanted to take surfing to the street during the 60s and 70s. It wasn't really until the Z-Boys that skateboarding really became popular. The first interpretation of the skateboard during the early 1920s but there have been many reiterations of the board since then. 

The basic tricks of skateboarding are ollies, kickflips, shuv-its, and 180s ("one-eighties"). These are the tricks that new skateboarders often try. An "ollie" is when someone pops the board and gets off the ground. A kickflip is done by doing an ollie and rotating the board. A "shuv-it" is done by turning the board 180° while staying above the board. A "180" is done by turning the board 180°, along with the skateboarder. There are also variations of these tricks, such as the "tre flip", which is a 360° shuv-it and a kickflip. There are many other tricks such as manuals, slides, grinds, grabs, slappy grinds, footplants/plants, and nollie flips.

Saint-Jean-de-Thurigneux

Saint-Jean-de-Thurigneux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.


Saint-Jean-le-Vieux, Ain

Saint-Jean-le-Vieux is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.

Saint-Jean-sur-Reyssouze

Saint-Jean-sur-Reyssouze is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Jean-sur-Veyle

Saint-Jean-sur-Veyle is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Julien-sur-Reyssouze

Saint-Julien-sur-Reyssouze is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Julien-sur-Veyle

Saint-Julien-sur-Veyle is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Just, Ain

Saint-Just is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Laurent-sur-Saône

Saint-Laurent-sur-Saône is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department. This in the east of France.

Saint-Marcel, Ain

Saint-Marcel is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Martin-de-Bavel

Saint-Martin-de-Bavel is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Martin-du-Frêne

Saint-Martin-du-Frêne is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.

Saint-Martin-du-Mont, Ain

Saint-Martin-du-Mont is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Martin-le-Châtel

Saint-Martin-le-Châtel is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Maurice-de-Beynost

Saint-Maurice-de-Beynost is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department. This in the east of France.

Saint-Maurice-de-Gourdans

Saint-Maurice-de-Gourdans is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Maurice-de-Rémens

Saint-Maurice-de-Rémens is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Nizier-le-Bouchoux

Saint-Nizier-le-Bouchoux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Nizier-le-Désert

Saint-Nizier-le-Désert is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Paul-de-Varax

Saint-Paul-de-Varax is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Rambert-en-Bugey

Saint-Rambert-en-Bugey is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.



Pocahontas, Arkansas

Pocahontas is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Saint-Rémy, Ain

Saint-Rémy is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saint-Sorlin-en-Bugey

Saint-Sorlin-en-Bugey is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Pottsville, Arkansas

Pottsville is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Saint-Sulpice, Ain

Saint-Sulpice is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Poyen, Arkansas

Poyen is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Saint-Trivier-de-Courtes

Saint-Trivier-de-Courtes is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2014, 1,099 people lived in the commune. It is located 34 km northeast of Mâcon. The inhabitants are the "Trivicourtois".

Prairie Grove, Arkansas

Prairie Grove is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Saint-Trivier-sur-Moignans

Saint-Trivier-sur-Moignans is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France. 

It is 32 km southeast of Mâcon.

Saint-Vulbas

Saint-Vulbas is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Prescott, Arkansas

Prescott is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Sainte-Croix, Ain

Sainte-Croix is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Sainte-Euphémie

Sainte-Euphémie is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Sainte-Julie, Ain

Sainte-Julie is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Sainte-Olive

Sainte-Olive is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. In 2014, 291 people lived there.

Salavre

Salavre is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Pyatt, Arkansas

Pyatt is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Samognat

Samognat is a commune. It is found in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in the east of France.

Ravenden, Arkansas

Ravenden is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Sandrans

Sandrans is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Sault-Brénaz

Sault-Brénaz is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Rector, Arkansas

Rector is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Sauverny

Sauverny is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Rogers, Arkansas

Rogers is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Savigneux, Ain

Savigneux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Ségny

Ségny is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Seillonnaz

Seillonnaz is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Sergy, Ain

Sergy is a commune in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Sermoyer

Sermoyer is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.

Serrières-de-Briord

Serrières-de-Briord is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Serrières-sur-Ain

Serrières-sur-Ain is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Servas, Ain

Servas is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.


Romance, Arkansas

Romance is a city in the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Servignat

Servignat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Seyssel, Ain

Seyssel is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Russellville, Arkansas

Russellville is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Simandre-sur-Suran

Simandre-sur-Suran is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Songieu

Songieu is a former commune in the Ain department in eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Haut-Valromey.


Salem, Fulton County, Arkansas

Salem is a city in Fulton County, Arkansas, United States. It is the county seat of Fulton County.

Sonthonnax-la-Montagne

Sonthonnax-la-Montagne is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Salem, Saline County, Arkansas

Salem is a census-designated place (CDP) in the US state of Arkansas.

Souclin

Souclin is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Saline County, Arkansas

Saline County is a county of the state of Arkansas in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 123,416. The county seat is Benton. Saline County was founded on November 2, 1835.

Sulignat

Sulignat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Surjoux

Surjoux is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Surjoux-Lhopital.

Sutrieu

Sutrieu is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Valromey-sur-Séran.

Talissieu

Talissieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Tenay

Tenay is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Thézillieu

Thézillieu is a former commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Ain department in east France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Plateau d'Hauteville.

Thil, Ain

Thil is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Thoiry, Ain

Thoiry is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Thoissey

Thoissey is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Torcieu

Torcieu is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Tossiat

Tossiat is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.

Toussieux

Toussieux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Tramoyes

Tramoyes is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department. It is in the east of France.

Treffort-Cuisiat

Treffort-Cuisiat is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Val-Revermont.

Scranton, Arkansas

Scranton is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Trévoux

Trévoux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Searcy, Arkansas

Searcy is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Valeins

Valeins is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Vandeins

Vandeins is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Sedgwick, Arkansas

Sedgwick is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Varambon

Varambon is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Vaux-en-Bugey

Vaux-en-Bugey is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Verjon

Verjon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Sheridan, Arkansas

Sheridan is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Vernoux

Vernoux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Sherwood, Arkansas

Sherwood is a city in the U.S. state of Arkansas.

Versailleux

Versailleux is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Versonnex, Ain

Versonnex is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Shirley, Arkansas

Shirley is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Vesancy

Vesancy is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Sidney, Arkansas

Sidney is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Vescours

Vescours is a commune in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.

Siloam Springs, Arkansas

Siloam Springs is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Vésines

Vésines is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Vieu

Vieu is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Valromey-sur-Séran.

Smackover, Arkansas

Smackover is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Vieu-d'Izenave

Vieu-d'Izenave is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Springdale, Arkansas

Springdale is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Villars-les-Dombes

Villars-les-Dombes is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

St. Joe, Arkansas

St. Joe is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Villebois

Villebois is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Star City, Arkansas

Star City is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Villemotier

Villemotier is a commune. It is in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in east France.

Stuttgart, Arkansas

Stuttgart is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Villeneuve, Ain

Villeneuve is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Villereversure

Villereversure is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Subiaco, Arkansas

Subiaco is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Villes

Villes is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Sulphur Springs, Arkansas

Sulphur Springs is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Villette-sur-Ain

Villette-sur-Ain is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Texarkana, Arkansas

Texarkana is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It has around 30,000 residents as of 2021. It is in Miller County.

Villieu-Loyes-Mollon

Villieu-Loyes-Mollon is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Trumann, Arkansas

Trumann is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Viriat

Viriat is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Tuckerman, Arkansas

Tuckerman is a city in the state of Arkansas in the United States of America.

Virieu-le-Grand

Virieu-le-Grand is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Van Buren, Arkansas

Van Buren is a city in Crawford County, Arkansas, in the United States. It is the county seat of Crawford County.

Virieu-le-Petit

Virieu-le-Petit is a former commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Arvière-en-Valromey.

Vilonia, Arkansas

Vilonia is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Virignin

Virignin is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Viola, Arkansas

Viola is a town in Fulton County in the state of Arkansas in the United States.

Vongnes

Vongnes is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Vonnas

Vonnas is a commune. It is found in the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Ain department in the east of France.

Waldenburg, Arkansas

Waldenburg is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Waldron, Arkansas

Waldron is a city in the US state of Arkansas. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 3,386. It is the county seat of Scott County.

Walnut Ridge, Arkansas

Walnut Ridge is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It had a population of 5,384 in 2020.

In 1964, the Beatles visited the city at the height of their popularity. It was a brief stop on the Beatles' American tour. They landed at the city's airport to spend the weekend at a local dude ranch. The city has built a sculpture to commemorate the visit. The city also holds a festival to remember the Beatles' visit.

Johnny Cash and Elvis Presley performed in the city early in their careers.

The town is located on U.S. Route 67 which is named "Rock 'N Roll Highway."

Warren, Arkansas

Warren is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Weiner, Arkansas

Weiner is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is in Poinsett County.

West Fork, Arkansas

West Fork is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

West Helena, Arkansas

West Helena is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

West Memphis, Arkansas

West Memphis is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

White Hall, Arkansas

White Hall is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is in Jefferson County, Arkansas.

Wilton, Arkansas

Wilton is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is in Little River County.

Winslow, Arkansas

Winslow is a city in the US state of Arkansas. It is in Washington County.


Wynne, Arkansas

Wynne is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Yellville, Arkansas

Yellville is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

Hardy, Arkansas

Hardy is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

The Bouncing Souls

The Bouncing Souls are a punk rock band from New Brunswick, New Jersey that formed in 1987. The band's name is a reference to Doc Martens shoes.

Before joining the group, all four of the original members grew up in Basking Ridge, NJ and played in smaller bands during high school.

In 1994, they released their first album on their own label, Chunksaah Records. They signed with Epitaph in 1997.



Studio albums
EPs
Splits

7" Records
Live and Compilation albums

DVDs


Leedsichthys

Leedsichthys problematicus ("leeds fish") was a giant fish of the Jurassic period. Its fossils were first found in England. 

It was a pachycormid, a group of extinct ray-finned fishes (Actinopterygii). "Leedsichthys" is the largest fish known, with an estimated length of up to 16 metres. The blue whale is twice as long, at 30 metres, but it is a mammal, not a fish.

"Leedsichthys" fossils are incomplete, making it impossible to know the exact length. The fossil is named after its discoverer, Alfred Nicholson Leeds, who discovered it before 1886 near Peterborough, England. No full fossil is known, mainly because parts of the skeleton were made of cartilage, which does not fossilise.
The front of the snout was made of cartilage.

"Leedsichthys" fossils have also been found in France, Germany and Chile.

Like the world's biggest fish today, the whale shark, "Leedsichthys" was a filter feeder, getting its nutrition from plankton. Remains of over 70 individuals have been found.


Polynesian rat

The Polynesian rat, or Pacific rat ("Rattus exulans"), known to the Māori as kiore, is the third most widespread species of rat in the world behind the brown rat and black rat. The Polynesian rat originates in Southeast Asia but, like its cousins, has become well travelled - infiltrating most Polynesian islands including New Zealand, Fiji, and Hawaii.

Oddworld

Oddworld is a 1997 video game series that has won many awards. It was created by Oddworld Inhabitants and was founded by Lorne Lanning and Sherry McKenna. The name is for both the series and the fictional universe where the games in the series take place. The first game in the series, "" was first sold in 1997 and was the first game for the Oddworld Quintology. Between 1997 and 2005, a total of four different games have been sold and from 2010-2012 Munch's Oddysee and Stranger's Wrath games were made for PC and made in HD for the Playstation 3. The games have also been developed by several developers. GT Interactive developed Abe's Oddysee and Abe's Exoddus, Microsoft Gaming Studios developed Munch's Oddysee, EA Games developed Stranger's Wrath, and Just Add Water (Developments LTD) have developed Stranger's Wrath HD, Munch's Oddysee HD, and Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty. The games themselves were set in the part of Oddworld called Mudos.

"Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee" was the first game in the series and the Quintology. It is a 2D flip-scrolling platform game. It was first sold in September 1997 for the PlayStation video game console and Microsoft Windows. In the game, the player plays as Abe who works in a meat processing plant called RuptureFarms. The game flips through different screens. Some screens have creatures from the Oddworld universe which are programmed to kill Abe. Each Abe game has a feature called GameSpeak where Abe can speak to his fellow Mudokons and take control of the Slig. This is done by chanting. Once the Slig is possessed, he can do what he could do whilst he was not possessed but he can shoot other Sligs and Slogs and unlock doors and electric walls The goal of the game is to save Abe's friends who are known as "Mudokons". There are 99 Mudokons in the game. Some of them are hidden in secret areas and when Abe lands in a secret area, the game will give the player an audio cue. The game has two different ways it ends. If, at the end of the game, the player does not save at least 50 native Mudokons, the bad ending will appear instead of the good ending. The game was re-released as Classics on PC in 2008 on Steam and then on PS3 on Playstation Network in 2009. A Gameboy version called Oddworld: Adventures was released in 1998 by Saffire Corporation and it was a shorter version of Abe's Oddysee.

Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus was the second game in the series . It was released in November 1998 for the PlayStation video game console and Microsoft Windows and was released as a bonus title. The game play is the same as Abe's Oddysee but with different levels and secret areas. It also has a better GameSpeak than the other game and Abe can have more than one Mudokons following by saying "All o'ya!" and Scrabs, Paramites and Glukons can be possessed. There are 300 Mudokons and the Mudokons have different emotions. They could become angry, depressed or sick, There are new Oddworld creatures as well as different versions of creatures from the first game, for example flying and crawling "Sligs". The game was re-released as Classics in 2008 for PC on Steam and re-released on Playstation Network for the PS3 in 2009. A Gameboy Color version was released in November 1999 by Saffire Corporation. This was a shortened version of the entire game. A well known fan of the game is working on a full 3D remake of the original game titled Twice Ze Flavor after Oddworld Inhabitants messaged the fan on Twitter saying that he can make a fan game but he has to use his own assests and source code. The remake will be built with freelance designers and developers who had pervious experience in the games industry and a Demo version of the ame will be similar to the original demo with just Tunnel 1 and Tunnel 2 and it's secret areas. The game will also have a Classic mode option for people who like the original voices and sound effects from the original games.Twice Ze Flavor Fangame Site 

Oddworld Munch's Oddysee was the second game to be part of the Quintology. When it was released in 2001, it was only for Xbox and can be played with Munch or Abe and the storyline continued after what happened in Abe's Exoddus. Munch was a new playable character and he was a Gabbit. There were more things to rescue in this game. Abe has to rescue his Native Mudokons. Munch has to rescue fuzzles and labour eggs The endings in the game were based on the Quarma. If the player had a good Quarma, the good ending movie will be played. If the player has a bad quarma, the bad ending movie will be played. A Game Boy Advance version was also released. The original PC port was released in 2010. The game was re-released on PS3 in high definition by Just Add Water in 2012 and was re-released on the PC by Square One Games with a new port in 2016 and was released on the Mac App Store in 2015. 

Oddworld: Strangers Wrath was a game developed by EA games in 2005 that was set in the western side of Mudos. The game was all about a bounty hunter called Stranger. It was a third-person and first person platformer. It was released for the PS3 in HD in 2011 by Just Add Water and was ported to PC by Just Add Water in 2010 followed by a mobile port in 2014 and a macOS port in 2015. 

Oddworld New 'n' Tasty is a re-creation and re-make of Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee. The game is a 2.5D side scrolling platform and the graphics are in 3D. The cut scenes were made in the game engine. In the new game, there are some new features that the original game didn't have such as QuikSave and having multiple Mudokons following Abe at once. First the game was set to released in the Autumn of 2013 and that was revealed at Eurogamer Expo 2012 by Stewart Gilray (who died in January 2022 from COVID-19), the Development Director of Oddworld Inhabitants and Chief Executive Officer of Just Add Water. Then in November 2013 at the Playstation 4 launch event in the United Kingdom, Oddworld released a story trailer and the trailer said it will be released in Spring 2014. In a podcast by a reporter called TheSixthAxis, Gilray said that the reason why they had to delay the release window was because they switched to a new game engine called Unity nine months during development with the old engine. The game was released on July 22nd in North America and on July 23 in Europe on the Playstation Store for the PlayStation 4 in 2014. In 2015, the PC, Mac and Linux and PS3 ports were released. In 2016, the Wii U and PS Vita versions were released. The game also has leaderboards which give a list of best times for each level, the highest amount of Mudokons saved and best overall time.

Oddworld: Soulstorm was released in 2021 reciving mixed reviews, being released on consoles and PC. An enhanced edition came out November 2021.

"Oddworld: Soulstorm" received "mixed or average" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic.

Travis Northup of "IGN" considered it "an excellent remake of a delightfully weird '90s platformer with tons of charm, challenge... and annoying bugs".

Chris Carter, writing for "Destructoid", praised the levels for their openness and amount of content, as well as the variety in gameplay; he particularly commended the improvements to the series' mechanics, calling the movement system "one of the best parts of "Soulstorm"". However, he criticized aspects of menu navigation, writing it was "testy at times and requires a firm few (button) mashes to get going", as well as checkpoint placement and technical issues.

In the most recent discussion with Lorne at the Game Developers Conference in California, Lorne told Eurogamer that if New 'n' Tasty sells 250,000 copies, he will have enough money to fund an HD re-make of Abe's Exoddus which is the next project in the series to have an HD Re-make. In 2016, it was confirmed that Oddworld: Soulstorm will be the sequel to w 'n' Tasty. The game is set to be released in 2017. Soulstorm was released in 2021. 

When Oddworld became digital only in 2010, they released a package for the PC called the OddBoxx. This package contains all four Oddworld games together and they can all be downloaded at once. It is also available on the PS3. In 2013 Oddworld released a bundle called the AbeBoxx for the PS3 which contains all two Abe games.
There are several creatures that live on Oddworld and they act as enemies in the games. These include:

Sligs are like security guards when if Abe is seen, the Slig shouts "freeze!" and kills Abe with it's machine gun. Some Sligs in the game don't say freeze at all and just shoot Abe. There are different variants with the Sligs such as flying Sligs and crawling Sligs. When Abe takes control of the Slig, he has the ability to shout "Look Out!" which makes the native Mudokons duck and it can say "Here boy" to a Slog so that the Slog can kill other Sligs or native Mudokons.

Scrabs are first seen in Scrabania and are creatures which like to kill Abe. They chop him up. They are related to Paramites.

Paramites were first seen in Paramonia which also like to chop up Abe as well.

Slogs are dog-like creatures that live on Oddworld. Sligs train them so that if there is a Mudokon on sight, the Slog will eat him. 
The Glukons are the main enemies in the game. They give orders to the Sligs in Abe's Exoddus and Mullock is the Glukon in the original game. 

Norton 360

Norton 360 is an all-in-one security suite by Symantec. It has all the features of Norton internet security but it includes utilities which make your computer run faster and backups your files. 

The Miz

Michael Gregory Mizanin (born October 8, 1980) is an American professional wrestler, reality television star, and actor. He currently competes for the WWE, where he wrestles under the ring name The Miz. Before joining the WWE, The Miz was a cast member on MTV's and its spinoff series, Real World/Road Rules Challenge. He was also the first runner-up during the fourth season of WWE's Tough Enough.

The Miz is a two-time WWE Champion, eight-time Intercontinental Champion, two-time United States Champion, four-time WWE Tag Team Champion with John Morrison, Big Show, John Cena and Damien Mizdow, two-time World Tag Team Champion with John Morrison and Big Show, Raw's Mr. Money in the Bank in 2010, two-time Slammy Award winner, the 25th Triple Crown Champion and fifth Grand Slam Champion.



Sting (wrestler)

Steve Borden (born March 20, 1959) is an American former professional wrestler, actor, author and bodybuilder. He is better known by his ring name Sting. He is currently under contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and is one-half of the current AEW World Tag Team Champions with Darby Allin. He is best known for his time with the former World Championship Wrestling (WCW), World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).

During his time with WCW, he was known as "The Franchise (of WCW)". He is also known as "(The) Stinger", "The Icon", "The Hooligan", "The Man Called (or They Call) Sting", and "The Vigilante". Also, during a time in 2011, he went through a Joker (a character played by the late Heath Ledger in movie "The Dark Knight" in 2008) phase that was dubbed "The Insane Icon". He held a total of 15 championships in WCW. This includes the WCW World Heavyweight Championship six times, the WCW International World Heavyweight Championship two times, and the NWA World Heavyweight Championship one time. He has appeared on more PPVs in WCW than any other wrestler. When the WWF bought WCW in March 2001, Sting decided to not sign with them.

Sting joined Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) in 2003. Throughout his 11 years with the company, Sting was a one-time NWA World Heavyweight Champion, a four-time TNA World Heavyweight Champion, a one-time TNA World Tag Team Champion with Kurt Angle, and was inducted into the TNA Hall of Fame in 2012.

Sting made his WWE debut on November 23, 2014. He attacked Triple H and cost Team Authority the match. Sting faced Triple H at WrestleMania 31. He lost but shook Triple H's hand after the match.

On December 2, 2020, Sting made his debut for All Elite Wrestling at Winter Is Coming. He has since been teaming with Darby Allin.

On the February 7, 2024 episode of "Dynamite", Sting and Darby Allin would defeat Ricky Starks and Big Bill to win the AEW World Tag Team Championships. This was Sting's first championship in AEW.

He became a born-again Christian in August 1998. Sting has two sons, Garrett Lee and Steve, Jr. and a daughter named Gracie. After the 2015 NFL draft, his son Steven was invited by the Kansas City Chiefs to try out for the team at the rookie mini-camp.


Bisham

Bisham (said "Bissam") is a village in Windsor and Maidenhead, Berkshire, England, UK. It is on River Thames. Across the river is Marlow in Buckinghamshire. In 2001 there were 1,149 people living in Bisham.

Amirat

Amirat is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Andon, Alpes-Maritimes

Andon, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Antibes

Antibes is a commune in the department of Alpes-Maritimes.

Ascros

Ascros is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Aspremont, Alpes-Maritimes

Aspremont, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Auribeau-sur-Siagne

Auribeau-sur-Siagne is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Auvare

Auvare is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Bairols

Bairols is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Beaulieu-sur-Mer

Beaulieu-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Beausoleil, Alpes-Maritimes

Beausoleil, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Belvédère

Belvédère is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.


Bendejun

Bendejun is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Berre-les-Alpes

Berre-les-Alpes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Beuil

Beuil is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Biot, Alpes-Maritimes

Biot, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Blausasc

Blausasc is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Bonson, Alpes-Maritimes

Bonson, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Bouyon

Bouyon is a commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in south France.

Breil-sur-Roya

Breil-sur-Roya is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Briançonnet

Briançonnet is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Bézaudun-les-Alpes

Bézaudun-les-Alpes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Cabris

Cabris is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Cagnes-sur-Mer

Cagnes-sur-Mer is a commune in the department of Alpes-Maritimes.

Caille

Caille is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Cantaron

Cantaron is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Cap-d'Ail

Cap-d'Ail is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Carros

Carros is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Castagniers

Castagniers is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Castellar, Alpes-Maritimes

Castellar, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in south France.

Castillon, Alpes-Maritimes

Castillon, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Caussols

Caussols is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Châteauneuf-Grasse

Châteauneuf-Grasse is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Châteauneuf-Villevieille

Châteauneuf-Villevieille is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Châteauneuf-d'Entraunes

Châteauneuf-d'Entraunes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Cipières

Cipières is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Clans, Alpes-Maritimes

Clans, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Coaraze

Coaraze is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Collongues, Alpes-Maritimes

Collongues, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Colomars

Colomars is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Conségudes

Conségudes is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Contes, Alpes-Maritimes

Contes, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Courmes

Courmes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

WrestleMania 23

John Cena's entrance was with a Mustang driven through the streets of Detroit, he then made Michaels tap out to the stfu marking Cena's second WrestleMania win by submission and the dx members,

Coursegoules

Coursegoules is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Cuébris

Cuébris is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Daluis

Daluis is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Drap

Drap is a commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in south France.

Duranus

Duranus is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Entraunes

Entraunes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Escragnolles

Escragnolles is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Falicon

Falicon is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Fontan

Fontan is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Gars, Alpes-Maritimes

Gars, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Gattières

Gattières is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Gilette

Gilette is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Gorbio

Gorbio is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.


Gourdon, Alpes-Maritimes

Gourdon, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Grasse

Grasse is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.

The town is considered the world's capital of perfume.

Gréolières

Gréolières is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Guillaumes

Guillaumes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Ilonse

Ilonse is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Isola, Alpes-Maritimes

Isola, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in south France.

L'Escarène

L'Escarène is a commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in south France.

La Bollène-Vésubie

La Bollène-Vésubie is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France. The inhabitants there are called Bollénois. In 2006, about 561 people lived in this town.

La Brigue

La Brigue is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

La Colle-sur-Loup

La Colle-sur-Loup is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

La Croix-sur-Roudoule

La Croix-sur-Roudoule is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

La Gaude

La Gaude is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

La Penne

La Penne is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

La Roquette-sur-Siagne

La Roquette-sur-Siagne is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

La Roquette-sur-Var

La Roquette-sur-Var is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

La Tour, Alpes-Maritimes

La Tour, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

La Trinité, Alpes-Maritimes

La Trinité, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

La Turbie

La Turbie is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Lantosque

Lantosque is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Le Bar-sur-Loup

Le Bar-sur-Loup is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Le Broc, Alpes-Maritimes

Le Broc, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Le Cannet

Le Cannet is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Le Mas

Le Mas is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Le Rouret

Le Rouret is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Le Tignet

Le Tignet is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Les Ferres

Les Ferres is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Les Mujouls

Les Mujouls is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Levens

Levens is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.


Lieuche

Lieuche is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Lucéram

Lucéram is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Malaussène

Malaussène is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Mandelieu-la-Napoule

Mandelieu-la-Napoule is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Marie, Alpes-Maritimes

Marie, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Massoins

Massoins is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Menton

Menton is a commune in the department of Alpes-Maritimes.

Mouans-Sartoux

Mouans-Sartoux is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Mougins

Mougins is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Moulinet, Alpes-Maritimes

Moulinet, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Opio, Alpes-Maritimes

Opio, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Peille

Peille is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Peillon

Peillon is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Peymeinade

Peymeinade is a commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in south France.

Pierlas

Pierlas is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Pierrefeu

Pierrefeu is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Puget-Rostang

Puget-Rostang is a commune. It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in south France.

Puget-Théniers

Puget-Théniers is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Pégomas

Pégomas is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Péone

Péone is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Revest-les-Roches

Revest-les-Roches is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Rigaud, Alpes-Maritimes

Rigaud, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Rimplas

Rimplas is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Roquebillière

Roquebillière is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Roquebrune-Cap-Martin

Roquebrune-Cap-Martin is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Roquesteron

Roquesteron is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Roquestéron-Grasse

Roquestéron-Grasse is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Roubion

Roubion is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Roure

Roure is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-André-de-la-Roche

Saint-André-de-la-Roche is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Antonin, Alpes-Maritimes

Saint-Antonin, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Auban

Saint-Auban is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Blaise, Alpes-Maritimes

Saint-Blaise, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Cézaire-sur-Siagne

Saint-Cézaire-sur-Siagne is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Dalmas-le-Selvage

Saint-Dalmas-le-Selvage is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat

Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Jeannet, Alpes-Maritimes

Saint-Jeannet, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Laurent-du-Var

Saint-Laurent-du-Var is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Léger, Alpes-Maritimes

Saint-Léger, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Martin-Vésubie

Saint-Martin-Vésubie is a commune. It is in the region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department. This is in the south of France.



Saint-Martin-d'Entraunes

Saint-Martin-d'Entraunes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Saint-Martin-du-Var

Saint-Martin-du-Var is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Paul-de-Vence

Saint-Paul-de-Vence is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France. It is one of the oldest medieval towns on the French Riviera. It is well known for its modern and contemporary art museums and galleries such as Fondation Maeght.

Saint-Sauveur-sur-Tinée

Saint-Sauveur-sur-Tinée is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Vallier-de-Thiey

Saint-Vallier-de-Thiey is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Tinée

Saint-Étienne-de-Tinée is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Sainte-Agnès, Alpes-Maritimes

Sainte-Agnès, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in south France.

Sallagriffon

Sallagriffon is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Saorge

Saorge is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Sauze

Sauze is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Sigale

Sigale is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Sospel

Sospel is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Spéracèdes

Spéracèdes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.


Séranon

Séranon is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Tende

Tende is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department. This in the south of France. Tende is located within Mercantour National Park in the French Alps. 

Communes of the Alpes-Maritimes department


Thiéry, Alpes-Maritimes

Thiéry is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Théoule-sur-Mer

Théoule-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Toudon

Toudon is a commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in south France.

Tourette-du-Château

Tourette-du-Château is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Tournefort, Alpes-Maritimes

Tournefort, Alpes-Maritimes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Tourrette-Levens

Tourrette-Levens is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Tourrettes-sur-Loup

Tourrettes-sur-Loup is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Touët-de-l'Escarène

Touët-de-l'Escarène is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Touët-sur-Var

Touët-sur-Var is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Utelle

Utelle is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Valbonne

Valbonne is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Valdeblore

Valdeblore is a commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in south France.


Valderoure

Valderoure is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Vallauris

Vallauris is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Venanson

Venanson is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Vence

Vence is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.



Villars-sur-Var

Villars-sur-Var is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Villefranche-sur-Mer

Villefranche-sur-Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Villeneuve-Loubet

Villeneuve-Loubet is a commune. It is found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Villeneuve-d'Entraunes

Villeneuve-d'Entraunes is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the south of France.

Èze

Èze is a commune. It's found in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Alpes-Maritimes department, south of France.

Make Mine Music

Make Mine Music is a 1946 animated movie, produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was first released to movie theaters by RKO Radio Pictures on August 15, 1946. The 8th animated movie in the Disney animated movie canon, it stars Nelson Eddy, Dinah Shore, Benny Goodman, and The Andrews Sisters.

The movie is made of ten parts.


During World War II, much of Walt Disney's staff was drafted into the United States Army, and those that were still there were called upon by the U.S. government to make training and propaganda films. As a result, the studio was littered with unfinished story ideas. In order to keep the movie division alive during this difficult time, the studio released four package films including this one, made up of various unrelated segments set to music.

"Make Mine Music" is the only movie in the Disney animated features canon not to gain a Region 4 and Region 2 DVD release. Its only home video release was on DVD on June 6, 2000 under the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection title.

"Make Mine Music" ended up being a slight disappointment itself, particularly from Walt Disney's point of view. It was not well received by the critics either. Years later, the segments were individually released as short subjects or used in various Disney television programs.

The movie was entered into the 1946 Cannes Film Festival.



Ambulocetus

Ambulocetus ("walking whale") was an early amphibious cetacean. It could walk as well as swim. "Ambulocetus natans" lived from the early Eocene (50 to 48 million years ago). Its fossils have been found in Pakistan. When the animal was alive, Pakistan was a coastal region of India, which was then a large island in the Indian Ocean.

It looked like a 3-meter (10-foot) long mammalian crocodile. It was clearly amphibious: its back legs are better adapted for swimming than for walking on land, and it probably swam by undulating its back vertically, as otters and whales do.

Ambulocetids may have hunted like crocodiles, lurking in the shallows to snatch unsuspecting prey. Chemical analysis of its teeth shows that it was able to move between salt and fresh water. "Ambulocetus" did not have external ears. To detect prey on land, they may have lowered their heads to the ground and felt for vibrations.

Scientists consider "Ambulocetus" to be an early whale because it shares underwater adaptations with them. It had an adaptation in the nose that enabled it to swallow underwater, and its periotic bones had a structure like those of whales, enabling it to hear well underwater. In addition, its teeth are similar to those of early cetaceans.

One mostly complete specimen and several partial skeletons have been found in Pakistan.


Newark-on-Trent

Newark-on-Trent is a small market town 14 miles north of Nottingham, in the East Midlands of England.

Bassersdorf

Bassersdorf is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Zurich. It can be found in the district of Bülach.


Maurice Duruflé

Maurice Duruflé (born Louviers, 11 January 1902; died Louveciennes, 16 June 1986) was a French composer and organist. He was very self-critical and destroyed any of his compositions that he thought were not really good. This is why we now only have a small number of his works. He wrote choral music and music for the organ. His most famous work is his "Requiem".

Duruflé was born in Louviers, Haute-Normandie. In 1912, he joined the choir of Rouen Cathedral where he studied piano and organ. When he was 17 he went to Paris and had private organ lessons with Charles Tournemire. He became Tournemire’s assistant at the Basilique Ste-Clotilde, Paris until 1927. In 1920 Duruflé went to study at the Conservatoire de Paris. His organ teacher was Eugène Gigout. When he graduated he got first prizes in organ, harmony, piano accompaniment, and composition. 

In 1929 Duruflé became organist at St. Étienne-du-Mont in Paris, a job he kept for the rest of his life. 

In 1939, he gave the first performance of Francis Poulenc's Organ Concerto. In 1943 he became professor of harmony at the Conservatoire de Paris, where he worked until 1970. In 1947, Duruflé wrote his famous "Requiem" op. 9, for soloists, choir, organ and orchestra. In the same year Marie-Madeleine Chevalier became his assistant organist at St-Étienne-du-Mont. They married in 1953 after Duruflé divorced his first wife. The couple often travelled together to give organ recitals together. They always spent many hours practising on the organs on which they had to perform, often practising a lot of the time without the sound so that their fingers were really used to the feel of the organ.

In 1975 Duruflé was badly hurt in a car accident and had to give up performing. His wife, who was not so badly hurt in the accident, was still able to play and continued to play the organ at St-Étienne-du-Mont.

Duruflé died in Louveciennes (near Paris) in 1986, aged 84.

Duruflé only left a few of his works for publication. His two important organ works are the "Suite, op. 5" which has a famous Toccata as last movement, and his "Prelude and Fugue sur le nom d'Alain". His "Requiem" remains a favourite work for choirs. Duruflé’s music uses Gregorian plainchant, modal harmonies and polyphonic writing. He was a great admirer of the music of Louis Vierne and Charles Tournemire and he made transcriptions of some of their improvisations.

Sala São Paulo

The Sala São Paulo is a concert hall in the Julio Prestes Cultural Center in the city of São Paulo, Brazil. It is a very large building. The Cultural Center used to be a railway station and it was rebuilt and changed into a cultural centre in 1999.

Sala São Paulo is big enough for an audience of 1.498 people. The orchestra that perform there is the Orquestra Sinfônica do Estado de São Paulo (Osesp).

The Brazilian government wanted to bring more culture to the centre of São Paulo. The rebuilding began in November 1997. 
The original train station was called Julio Prestes Station. It was built between 1926 and 1938 so that trains could take coffee to the port of Santos. When motor car transport became more and more popular many stations connecting Brazilian towns closed down.

The station's large hall was the same shape as many 19th century concert halls, that is, it is shaped like a horse shoe. 

Sala São Paulo has 22 balconies and a ceiling that is 24 meters high. There is a very large platform so that everyone in the audience can see well. There is an elevator to lift the piano on and off the stage and many other useful modern devices.


New Sweden

New Sweden (, ) was a Swedish colony in North America that existed from 1638 through 1655. It was in the modern day states of Delaware, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Its capital was Fort Christina, modern-day Wilmington.

New Sweden was captured by the Dutch in 1655, and incorporated into New Netherland.

Bobby Fischer

Robert James "Bobby" Fischer (March 9, 1943 – January 17, 2008) was an American chess Grandmaster and the eleventh World Chess Champion.

As a teenager, Fischer became well-known worldwide because of his skill at chess. He won the American championship of 1963/64, winning all eleven of his games.

Fischer was born in Michael Reese Hospital in Chicago, Illinois on March 9, 1943. His birth certificate said that his father was Hans-Gerhardt Fischer, a German. His mother, Regina Wender Fischer, was a Polish-Jewish American citizen. Born in Switzerland, she grew up in St. Louis, Missouri, and later became a teacher, a nurse, and a doctor. The two married in 1933 in Moscow, USSR, where Regina was studying medicine at the First Moscow Medical Institute. They divorced in 1945 when Bobby was two years old, so he grew up with his mother and older sister. In 1948, the family moved to Mobile, Arizona, where Regina taught in an elementary school. The next year, they moved to Brooklyn, New York.

A 2002 article in "The Philadelphia Inquirer" said that Paul Nemenyi, a doctor, was Bobby's biological father, not Hans-Gerhardt. Regina and Nemenyi had had an affair in 1942, and he gave her money to help her raise her child every month, paying for Fischer's schooling until he died in 1952. Fischer later told the chess player Zita Rajcsanyi that Nemenyi sometimes came to his Brooklyn apartment and took him to places.

Fischer learned to play at the age of six. His sister Joan bought him a chess set. Bobby learned how to play from the instructions. Several years later, he began to play at the Manhattan Chess Club. He became well known around the world in 1956. He was 13 when he played a game against an American player named Donald Byrne. In the game, he sacrificed his queen and won. "Chess Review" called this game the "game of the century".

Fischer was 14 when he won the U.S. Championship for the first time. This would be the first of eight U.S. Championships he would win.

In 1972, he became the first and only American to win the World Chess Championship in the 20th century. In the 19th century, Paul Morphy was briefly the leading player. Wilhelm Steinitz was the first official world champion. He became an American citizen while he was champion. To win the title, Fischer beat Boris Spassky of the Soviet Union. The match was held in Reykjavík, Iceland. However, Fischer did not agree to a match to defend his title. He lost his title in 1975. The title of world champion was given to Anatoly Karpov.

Fischer did not play in any public matches or tournaments for nearly 20 years. In 1992, he defeated Spassky in a rematch in Yugoslavia. The United States Department of State had told him not to play there because of the events that happened after Yugoslavia began splitting into several new countries. Since he disobeyed this order, he could have been prosecuted if he returned to the U.S. In fact, he never returned there. Fischer's 1992 rematch against Spassky was the only time after becoming the world champion that Fischer played chess in public.

After his match, Fischer promoted a new type of chess called "Fischer Random Chess", where the pieces were randomly shuffled before the game so they would be on different squares to start every game.

In July 2004, Fischer was arrested at an airport in Japan with a bad passport. The United States wanted Japan to send him back to go to trial for playing chess in Yugoslavia in 1992. The government of Iceland eventually decided to make Fischer a citizen of Iceland, and he lived there for the rest of his life.

Fischer died of renal failure on January 17, 2008. He was buried at a small ceremony near the small town of Selfoss, Iceland.

Fischer was born to a Jewish parent, but he rejected the religion. He used many racist and unreasonable insults toward Judaism. Fischer denied the Holocaust. He read books such as "Mein Kampf" and "The Protocols of the Elders of Zion". As a young man, Fischer joined the Radio Church of God. He later left this evangelical Protestant church with outspoken comments. Fischer had a Catholic funeral. It is unclear whether he became a Roman Catholic before his death.

Fischer, like Morphy, chose to stop playing when he was still young. He had a lifelong history of disputes, conflicts and controversy. He believed he was the victim of conspiracies. Fischer showed symptoms of the mental illness paranoia, similar to Morphy. In "Bobby Fischer: The Wandering King", authors Hans Böhm and Kees Jongkind write that Fischer's radio broadcasts show that he was "out of his mind ... a victim of his own mental illness".

Fischer developed a book to teach chess. His co-authors organised it in the form of programmed learning.


List of World Chess Champions

World Chess Champions are players who have won a match or tournament for the World Championship at chess. Both men and women can become champion, but no woman has ever been a challenger for the title. There is, however, a separate championship for women. There are also separate championships for specific age groups.

Before 1886, there was no official championship held, but some players were thought to be pre-eminent. From 1948 on, the World Chess Federation FIDE held the championships. Between 1993 and 2006 there were two world champion titles, the FIDE one and the classical one.

The 2013 World Championship match took place between Anand and Magnus Carlsen (challenger) in Chennai, the capital of Tamil Nadu, where Anand grew up. Usually, world champions had been played on neutral ground. Fischer played Spassky in Iceland; Alekhine played Capablanca in Buenos Aires. The Soviets always played in Moscow. However, sponsorship is needed for these matches, and the decision to accept the Chennai bid was taken by FIDE. The Challenger was victorious winning 3 games and achieving the necessary 6.5 points to win the title at the end of game 10.

Ding Liren (since 2023 and from China) is the current World Chess Champion.

These players are included (pre-18th century) on little more than opinion, and (18th century) on the basis of more substantial information. Some authors of important early works on chess are noted.

These players are included on the basis of their winning matches against credible opponents. Champions are numbered from Steinitz onwards, because his match against Zukertort was publicly declared as a world championship and generally accepted.

Long matches, initially best of 24 games.

These knock-out events are separately numbered.

These are matches of the traditional kind, and of 15 or 20 games.

Various formats have been used, especially during Carlsen's tenure.

Phosgene

Phosgene is the chemical compound with the formula COCl. This gas has no color. The gas was used as a weapon during World War I. It is responsible for most of the deaths related to poison gas during the war. Today, phosgene is used as a tool. It is used for organic synthesis. When there is a small amount in the air, the smell is similar to that of freshly cut hay or grass. Some soldiers during the First World War have stated that it smelled a little like May Blossom. When some compounds of chlorine and carbon burn or break down, small amounts of phosgene are given off.

Today, most phosgene is used to produce isocyanates. The most important isocanates in this context are toluene diisocyanate (TDI) and methylene diphenyl diisocyanate (MDI). Both are precursors to polyurethanes. Large amounts are also used to produce polycarbonates. Polycarbonate is produced from its reaction with bisphenol A. Polycarbonates are an important class of engineering thermoplastic. They can be found in lenses in eyeglasses.

Phosgene is a strong poison. Its smell may not be noticed. Signs of exposure may sometimes be detected slowly.
Phosgene can be seen at 0.4 parts per million. This amount is four times the safe amount. Its high ability to poison doesn't come from the hydrogen chloride released by a process. It comes from the action of the phosgene on the proteins in the pulmonary sac of the lungs. The sacs are where the oxygen goes into the body. Their damage makes it hard for the blood and air move oxygen and carbon. This will make breathing very hard. Badges are worn by those at risk of exposure.

Sodium bicarbonate may be used to make spills of phosgene harmless. Gas spills may be made harmless with a special liquid spray.


WrestleMania XIV

WrestleMania XIV was the fourteenth WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), which took place on March 29, 1998 at the Fleet Center in Boston, Massachusetts.

The night began with the secret guests in the tag team battle royal being revealed as the united Legion of Doom, with Sunny. Savio Vega was first eliminated, meaning his tag team partner, Miguel Perez, had to leave too. Kurrgan illegally entered the ring to get revenge on Sniper and Recon for The Jackyl, Barry Windham also illegally entered to eliminate Bradshaw, and so his partner, Chainz, had to leave too. The final four teams stayed in the match for a while until Skull was eliminated by Phineas. When The Godwinns (Phineas & Henry) were thrown out, they returned and attacked the Legion Of Doom with buckets before leaving. New Midnight Express tried to keep Animal out of the ring while double teaming Hawk but once he re-entered the Legion eliminated Bob and Bart at the same time, leaving them the last team standing.

The second bout was a Light Heavyweight Championship match, with Taka Michinoku defending his title against Águila; this would be the first and only time the championship was defended at WrestleMania, though the title that came after it, the WWE Cruiserweight Championship would be. After throwing Taka out the ring and baseball sliding into him, Águila hit an moonsault outside the ring, but was soon hit by a springboard crossbody after Taka reversed a suplex from the end of the ring. Águila almost won the match with a moonsault crossbody into a pin but stayed on the offensive with a frankensteiner. Taka tried to land the Michinoku Driver but as Aguila flipped out and attempted a hurricarana, Taka reversed it into a powerbomb. Taka would soon stop Águila from hitting him with a high flying dive with a dropkick before before being able to do a Michinoku Driver and get the win. After the match, they shook hands and celebrated together.

Triple H made his way to the ring with his theme song played by the DX Band. Before Owen Hart came to the ring, Commissioner Slaughter handcuffed himself to Chyna so that she would not get involved in the match, despite her saying that she didn't want to. The match began with Hart attacking Helmsley with his fists before sliding out of the ring, when Triple H tried to jump from the end of the ring he landed on the crowd barrier. After an powerbomb Hart tried to lock in the sharpshooter but Helmsley broke out of it and started some offensive attacks of his own, kicking Hart in the turnbuckle and delivering a suplex. Hart suffered a cut to the bridge of his nose from a boot to the face, after which Triple H began to only attack Hart's damaged ankle, dropping his knee onto it and stretching it. After not getting hit with another kick to the face and pulling Helmsley's crotch onto the ring post, and managed to take advantage, changing a powerbomb into the sharpshooter but Chyna, having to pull Sgt. Slaughter, pulled Triple H to the rope for the break. Chyna then threw white powder in Slaughter's face causing a worried Hart to check on him, as he turned round to face the ring, Chyna low-blowed him from outside allowing Triple H to win the match with the Pedigree. After she was freed from the handcuffs, Chyna shoved Slaughter into the crowd.

Marc Mero and Goldust began the match but Goldust soon tagged in Luna Vachon, requiring Sable to be tagged in too. However, Vachon simple ran around the outside of the ring with Sable chasing her and tagged her partner back in. Wanting to get her hands on Vachon, Sable double teamed Goldust with a boot to the face after an Irish whip from Mero but could not get Vachon to enter the ring. An near pinfall came from a running crossbody from Mero and following this the two ran into each other, causing both men to crawl and tag in the women. Sable straddled Vachon and punched her round the face before kicking her in the midsection and face in the turnbuckle and attacking Goldust, then running back to clothesline Vachon over the ropes. Vachon tagged Goldust in but before Sable would do the same, she struck him in the face, then letting Mero take over who had his TKO reversed into a DDT. Mero too would reverse the Curtain Call allowing him the chance to try a moonsault pin to a standing Goldust. After Vachon struck a running Mero with his knee, Mero went to punch her but ducked out of the way as Goldust ran to her rescue, causing him to inadvertently knock her off the apron. Mero then executed the TKO but Luna interrupted the pin count, jumping on Mero's back resulting in Sable tagging in as Mero wandered around the ring with Vachon on his back. Sable tried pinning Goldust but the referee was distracted and as he finally began to count, Sable leapt off Goldust so the interfering Vachon would inadvertently bodysplash Goldust. Sable then performed a powerbomb and Mero's TKO to win the bout.

The Intercontinental title fight began along the walkway with a brawl that saw Ken Shamrock whipped into the steel steps before coming inside the ring. Rocky Maivia then delivered his People's Elbow but could not secure a three-count. Shamrock then rolled out of the ring and grabbed steel steps and when the referee tried to take it off him, he threw the referee into the corner; The Rock quickly grabbed the steps and hit Shamrock with it as the referee recovered. Shamrock pushed out of the pin count and quickly gained the advantage, delivering a belly to belly slam off an Irish whip and then securing his ankle lock in the centre of the ring, making The Rock tap. The surrounding members of the Nation jumped into the ring but Shamrock quickly dispatched them all with suplexes, including the four hundred pound Henry, before reapplying the ankle lock to a bleeding Maivia. Faarooq then ran down from the back and jumped onto the apron, only to look on at The Rock with a smile, before walking away. Eventually a number of referees and officials appeared trying to subdue Shamrock, after being surrounded he suplexed a referee and then an official before calming down as The Rock was wheeled away on a gurney. Howard Finkel then announced Shamrock had been disqualified for not breaking his ankle hold causing Shamrock to chase Rock and fight him on the Chris Warren band stage.

The Tag Team Championship match began with Billy Gunn facing Chainsaw Charlie and Road Dogg exchanging blows with Cactus Jack. Trying a Cactus Elbow on Road Dogg, Cactus missed and slammed himself into the dumpster. The Outlaws then focused on Charlie, using a back toss to drop him into the dumpster and as he attempted to climb out they simultaneously slammed the lid shut on the hardcore legends' heads. With Cactus and Charlie both in the dumpster, the Outlaws shut the lid down on them but Cactus managed to get back up while the Outlaws were celebrating and pushed Road Dogg down to the ground with a mandible claw, pulling him into the dumpster. Both teams took time to recover and began to brawl with weapons in the ring, Cactus Jack pulling out a ladder and climbing it opposite Billy Gunn, only to be pushed off straight into the dumpster outside the ring by a falling Chainsaw Charlie. Road Dogg pulled his partner out and the two focused their efforts on Charlie, powerbombing him into the dumpster, however Cactus had managed to escape in the meantime. The fight found its way to the backstage area, with both Outlaws throwing Cactus into boxes and promotional toys but Jack replied with a chair shot to both of them and pulled Billy Gunn onto a wooden crate with a double-arm DDT. Charlie reappeared on a forklift and elevated the wooden crate as Jack dragged Road Dogg onto it too. Charlie then drove the forklift above a backstage dumpster and dropped both opponents inside as Cactus Jack closed the lid to win the World Tag Team Championship.

Before The Undertaker's match with Kane, baseball record-holder Pete Rose came to the ring as the special ring announcer. However, after insulting the home-town team and introducing Kane, the wrestler gave him a tombstone piledriver starting a tri-year tradition. The Undertaker was preceded by a league of torch-bearing druids to the tune of O Fortuna. The Undertaker cornered Kane and threw a fury of punches into him, ducking and reversing Kane's attempts until Kane hit him with a clothesline that he instantly sat up from. Kane then set Undertaker up in a tree of woe to begin his assault of punches and Irish whips and then suplexing Undertaker onto the ropes and delivering a flying club to the neck from the turnbuckle. As Undertaker began to fight back, Kane threw him into the ropes but his brother retaliated by jumping onto his back, which was met a face-first electric chair. Paul Bearer kept the referee distracted while Kane landed the steel steps onto Undertaker, and repeated the effort a second time while his opponent was lying onto the steps, crushing him between. As the referee tried to keep Kane in check, Bearer slapped Undertaker while walking past him. Kane caught his brother running and delivered a chokeslam but lifted his shoulders off the mat before the three count could be made, putting him into a sleeper hold that Undertaker eventually fought out of with a flurry of punches. Undertaker then dropped Kane on top of the ropes and punched him off the apron; he followed this with a over the top rope suicide dive that Kane managed to side-step, guiding him through the Spanish announce table. As Undertaker made it back into the ring, Kane hit him with a flying lariat. Undertaker was caught unawares by Kane, who lifted him into a tombstone piledriver position, but Kane managed to weigh himself backwards onto his own feet and deliver the tombstone himself. Undertaker kicked out and after landing his opponent with a clothesline, he chokeslammed Kane and then delivered a tombstone piledriver of his own; it would eventually take three tombstones with a guillotine leg drop and flying clothesline in between to stop Kane kicking out and sitting up but as soon as the match was over Bearer attacked Undertaker and ordered Kane attack him, which he did with a chair shot to the head and then a tombstone piledriver onto the chair. After Kane and Bearer left, Undertaker sat up and left the ring.

With Mike Tyson enforcing from ring side, the WWF Championship fight began with both superstars dancing around each other, engaging in a few light punches before Shawn Michaels escaped the ring and ran back in to take advantage of Steve Austin, but was met with a standing clothesline. Austin followed up by pulling down Michaels' trunks revealing his rear. Michaels tried to run at Austin but was flipped over the top rope into Triple H and Chyna. As Triple H threw Austin through the crowd barrier, the referee ordered him and Chyna to leave ringside but Austin followed and fought with them up to the entrance way. Michaels caught up with him and hit Austin with a cymbal from the bandstage, before Irish whipping him into the dumpster. As the match resumed in the ring, Austin met Michaels high-risk manoeuvre with a clothesline and then ran him into the turnbuckle and picking him up for an inverted atomic drop. Michaels attempt to pick up some momentum saw him picked up and dropped onto the ropes but Michaels managed to push Stone Cold away as he attempted a stunner. When he tried to escape the ring though, Austin shoved him forcing the champion to fall upon the announce table. After Stone Cold slowed the match down with a sleeper, Michaels tried to pull his knee into the ring post but was instead pulled into it himself. Austin then tried to rush at Michaels but was back tossed into the crowd and struck with the ring bell. Michaels used the momentum to take advantage inside the ring, delivering a snapmare and then a low kick to the grounded Austin but as he took time to offend the audience Stone Cold briefly picked up some speed throwing Michaels out of the ring but just as quickly lost ground as his opponent repeatedly worked on Austin's left knee, throwing it into the ring post and then kicking and dropping onto it back inside the ring. When Austin tried to recover outside of the ring, he was met with a baseball slide launching him over the announce table and was instantly thrown back into the ring by Tyson where he soon suffered a figure four leg lock that Michaels illegally elevated using the second and third ring rope. Austin's eventual counter was stopped by a rope break. Austin then tried to reverse a standing sleeper hold by throwing Michaels back into the turnbuckle but unwittingly trapped referee Mike Chioda who fell unconscious. With both men on the floor, HBK recovered with a kip-up and landed a high-flying elbow drop, getting in position to taunt for his finisher. As Austin eventually stood up, he ducked the super kick, attempting a stunner on Michaels as he turned round only to be thrown into the ropes and met again with a Sweet Chin Music which he grabbed, spinning Michaels round and finishing with a Stone Cold stunner. Tyson jumped into the ring to make a quick three count and the new champion celebrated by tossing the enforcer an Austin 3:16 T-shirt. When Shawn Michaels stood up, he confronted Tyson about his turn but was met with a punch that instantly floored him, and draped with Austin T-shirt.


George Drennen Fischer

George Drennen Fischer was an American activist and spokesman for the National Education Association. He presented the Statement on complete comprehensive Preschool Education and Child Day Care Act of 1969 before the choose select Subcommittee on Education, February 27, 1970. He also published on the state of Native American education with Walter Mondale. His actions got him put placed on the master list of Nixon political opponents.

Security-Enhanced Linux

Security-Enhanced Linux (SELinux) is a Linux feature that gives a variety of security rules, including mandatory access controls. It does so by using Linux Security Modules (LSM) in the Linux kernel. It is not a Linux distribution, but rather a group of changes that can be used on Unix-like operating systems, such as Linux and BSD.

Amor asteroid

An amor asteroid is a group of asteroids found near Earth that were named after 1221 Amor. While some other kinds of asteroids cross over Mars' and Earth's orbits, nearly all of the amor asteroids do not. The best known amor asteroid is 433 Eros. It circled around and landed upon by the NEAR Shoemaker. About 1,200 of all the asteroids in space are amor asteroids, with about 200 of them numbered, or given a number. Only 50 amor asteroids are named.

The following are a few of the most notable amor asteroids, in reverse order of discovery:



Iași County

Iaşi is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in Moldavia. The capital of Iaşi County is Iaşi.

About 825,000 people lived in Iaşi County as of the year 2007:

Iaşi County has 2 municipalities, 3 towns and 93 communes.



Ye (Cyrillic)

Ye (in Russian and Belarusian) or E (in Bulgarian, Macedonian, Serbian, and Ukrainian) (Е, е) is the sixth letter of the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like [e] or [ɛ], except in Russian and Belarusian, where it is said as [yeh] at the beginning of the word and as a palatised (soft) [yeh] in other cases.

It came from the Greek epsilon and is the same as the Roman E.


Phosgene oxime

Phosgene oxime, also called dichloroformoxime or CX, is a chemical weapon, and a nettle agent that damages skin and other body parts. It was first made in the year 1929. When it is solid, it has no color. When it is liquid, it is yellow-brown. It has a strong, very bad odor. The chemical formula phosgene oxime is CClNOH.

This chemical has no real use, so accidental exposure is does not happen often. Exposure to CX is almost certainly the result of its use as a weapon.

Phosgene oxime is toxic if breathed, eaten, or placed on the skin or by the skin. In a very short time, the signs of poisoning are seen. If breathed, it harms the lungs and may eventually lead to pulmonary edema. The effects on the skin include hives, itching, and necrosis of the skin. It also causes watering of the eyes and even can cause blindness.


Yo (Cyrillic)

Yo (Ё, ё) is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like [jo] at the beginning of the word and like a palatised (soft) [ʲo] in other cases.

Han

Han may refer to:




Pianoro

Pianoro is a town of the province of Bologna in Italy.


Zhe (Cyrillic)

Zhe (Ж, ж) is the seventh (eighth in Russian) letter in the Cyrillic alphabet. It sounds like Zh, or the S in treasure or vision.

It came from the Glagolitic letter "zhivete". In English, it is transliterated as "zh". In other slavic languages like Ž.

City limits

The city limits are boundaries that define where a city ends. The words town limits and village limits mean the same thing as city limits, but are used in towns and villages. The limits are usually marked with a sign.

European Capital of Culture

The European Capital of Culture is a city chosen by the European Union for a period of one calendar year. The city is given a chance to show its cultural life and cultural development. Most of the cities are very popular and are known internationally (by people around the world).

According to the official EU website. From 2014 to 2020, these are only the countries have been chosen, based on the rotation system.



Kazuyoshi Miura

Miura was born in Shizuoka on February 26, 1967. After he dropped out from Shizuoka Gakuen High School, he moved to Brazil in 1982. He played several clubs including Santos, Palmeiras and Coritiba. In 1990, he returned to Japan and joined Japan Soccer League (JSL) club Yomiuri (later "Verdy Kawasaki"). In 1992, JSL was folded and the club joined new league, J1 League. The club won the last two JSL titles in 1991 and 1992, and Verdy Kawasaki won the first two J1 League titles in 1993 and 1994. He was named the first J1League MVP award in 1993. Miura then became the first Japanese footballer to play in Italy, joining Genoa in the 1994/95 Serie A season. In 1995, he returned to Verdy Kawasaki. He became a top scorer with 23 goals in 1996. In January 1999, he moved to Croatia Zagreb. The club won the Prva HNL in 1998/99 season. In July 1999, he returned to Japan and joined Kyoto Purple Sanga. However the club was relegated to J2 League end of 2000 season. In 2001, he moved to J1 club Vissel Kobe. His opportunity to play decreased in 2005 and he moved to J2 club Yokohama FC in July. In November, he moved to Sydney FC on loan and also played at 2005 Club World Championship. In 2006, he returned to Yokohama FC and won the champions in J2. In 2007, the club played in J1 first time in the club history. However the club finished at the bottom place and was relegated to J2 in a year. The club was promoted to J1 from 2020 again.

In 1990, Miura was selected the Japan national team for 1990 Asian Games. At this tournament, he debuted against Bangladesh on September 26. In 1992, he was selected the Japan for 1992 Asian Cup which held in Japan and Japan team won the champions. In 1993, he played at 1994 World Cup qualification in Doha. However Japan failed to qualify for the 1994 World Cup. It was known as the "Agony of Doha" () in Japan. He also played at 1994 Asian Games, 1995 King Fahd Cup and 1996 Asian Cup. In 1997, Miura scored 14 goals in 13 matches for Japan during 1998 World Cup qualification, leading the Japan to their first ever World Cup. However was not selected Japan for 1998 World Cup. He played 89 games and scored 55 goals for Japan until 2000.

613||172||46||18||47||19||706||209
21||1||1||0||colspan="2"|-||22||1
12||0||0||0||colspan="2"|-||12||0
39||6||0||0||colspan="2"|-||39||6
685||179||47||18||47||19||779||216

!Total||89||55

Kazuyoshi Miura on Instagram

Japan Soccer League

Japan Soccer League (JSL) used to be an amateur football league in Japan.

Pierre Littbarski

Pierre Michael Littbarski (; born 16 April 1960) is a German professional football manager and former player of 1. FC Köln and the West Germany national team. Known for his dribbling abilities, he was mostly used as an attacking midfielder or winger. Littbarski was a FIFA World Cup winner with West Germany in 1990, and the runner-up in both 1982 and 1986. Littbarski was the caretaker manager of VfL Wolfsburg after taking over from Steve McClaren from 7 February to 17 March 2011.

1. FC Köln

Germany

Individual


Masashi Nakayama

Nakayama was born in Fujieda on September 23, 1967. After graduating from University of Tsukuba, he joined Japan Soccer League club Yamaha Motors (later "Júbilo Iwata") in 1990. In 1992, Japan Soccer League was folded and the club joined new league, Japan Football League. In 1993, the club won the 2nd place and was promoted to J1 League from 1994. The club won the J1 League champions in 1997, 1999 and 2002. In 1998, he scored 36 goals in 27 matches and became a top scorer. He was also selected MVP award. He also became a top scorer in 2000. This was golden era in the club history and he was one of the central player in golden era. From later 2000s, his opportunity to play decreased. In 2010, he moved to J2 League club Consadole Sapporo at the age of 43. Although the club was promoted to J1 in 2012, he could not play many matches in 3 seasons and retired end of 2012 season. In 2015, he came back as player at Japan Football League club Azul Claro Numazu. The club was promoted to J3 League in 2017. He retired end of 2020 season again without playing in the match at the club.

On July 31, 1990, Nakayama debuted for the Japan national team against North Korea. In 1992, he was selected the Japan for 1992 Asian Cup which held in Japan. He scored 2 goals in the tournament and Japan team won the champions. In 1993, he played at 1994 World Cup qualification in Doha. However Japan failed to qualify for the 1994 World Cup. It was known as the "Agony of Doha" () in Japan. In November 1997, he scored 2 goals for Japan during 1998 World Cup qualification final round and playoff, leading the Japan to their first ever World Cup. At the 1998 World Cup, Nakayama scored the only goal of the tournament and the first goal for Japan in the history of the World Cup against Jamaica on June 26. He also played at 2001 Confederations Cup and 2002 World Cup which held in Japan. He played 53 games and scored 21 goals for Japan until 2003.

432||207||36||16||68||27||5||1||541||251
432||207||36||16||68||27||5||1||541||251

!Total||53||21

Patrick M'Boma

Patrick Mboma (born 15 November 1970) is a former Cameroonian football player. He has played for Cameroon national team.

83||28||||||||||83||28
79||48||4||0||13||11||96||59
64||20||||||||||64||20
9||1||||||||||9||1
28||12||||||||||28||12
263||109||4||0||13||11||280||120

!Total||57||33

Cerise

Cerise is a rose-red color.

At right is displayed the color cerise. The "cerise" name comes from the French word meaning cherry. The word "cherry" itself comes from the Norman "cherise".

According to Maerz and Paul in their "Dictionary of Color", the first recorded use of "cerise" as a color name in English was in 1858. However, it was used at least as early as 1846 in a book of crochet patterns.

In the 1950s, a popular brand of colored pencils, Venus Paradise, had a colored pencil called "Hollywood cerise" . Before being renamed "Hollywood cerise" in the 1940s, the color had before that, since 1922, been known simply as "Hollywood".



J2 League

J2 League is the second grouping of .

The top two clubs receive promotion. From the 2004 season to the 2008 season, the third place club played against the 16th-place club in J1. From the 2009 to the 2011 season, the third place club was promoted without playing the number 16 team. From 2012 to 2017 and 2023 onwards, the third promotion place is selected by a playoff between the 3rd to 6th place teams. For 2018, 2019 and 2022, the playoff winners played against the third-from-bottom place in J1.

Clubs in bold compete in J2 as of the 2023 season.



Japan Football League

The also known as simply the JFL is the 4th tier of the Japanese association football league system, positioned beneath three divisions of the J.League, and is the top tier of amateur football in the country.

JFL has 18 amateur or semi-professional clubs which mirror the system of teams and athletes of the J-League. Promotion from JFL to the J-League is possible, but not automatic.

The JFL has 17 teams. In 2012, the teams are:

In 2012, Arte Takasaki was removed from the list of JFL teams.



Gamba Osaka

The club was founded in 2001.



The team has some notable achievements.

In 2008, Gamba Osaka won the Emperor's Cup and the AFC Champions League, and won 3rd place at the FIFA Club World Cup.

In 2010, Rafinha made three goals in one game for Gamba Osaka against Kawasaki Frontale.

In 2014, Gamba Osaka won all three major titles in Japan, including the J1 League, the J. League Cup, and the Emperor's Cup.



JEF United Chiba

The team is also known as or .

The club was founded in 1946.



JEF United Chiba has reserve team ; JEF Reserves.



Kashima Antlers

The club was founded in 2001.



The team has some notable achievements.

In 2010, Marquinhos (Marcos Gomes de Araujo) made three goals in one game against Omiya Ardija.



Júbilo Iwata

The club was founded in 1970.
The club became J2 in 2013.



The team has some notable achievements.

In 2009, Ryoichi Maeda made three goals in one game against Nagoya Grampus.

A match with Shimizu S-Pulse is called Shizuoka Derby.



Kashiwa Reysol

The club was founded in 1940.



The team has some notable achievements.

In 2012, Masakatsu Sawa made three goals in one game against Gamba Osaka.



Cerezo Osaka

The club was founded in 1957.



Yanmar Diesel SC had reserve team ; Yanmar Club from 1976 to 1979.

The team has some notable achievements.

In 2010, Adriano Ferreira Martins made four goals in one game against Jubilo Iwata.

In 2011, Ryuji Bando scored three goals in one game against Sanfrecce Hiroshima; and he also scored three time in a game against Shimizu S-Pulse.



Avispa Fukuoka

The club was founded in 1982.





Kyoto Sanga FC

The club was founded in 1922.





Sanfrecce Hiroshima

The club was founded in 1938.



The team has some notable achievements.

In 2006, Hisato Sato set a league record for the fastest goal in a match. In a game against Cerezo Osaka, he scored in just eight seconds after play began.



Shonan Bellmare

The club was founded in 1968.



The team has some notable achievements.

In 2010, Frode Johnsen made three goals in one game against Shimizu S-Pulse.



Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo

The team was founded in 1935.





Yokohama Flügels

Yokohama Flügels is a former football club which has played in Japan.




FC Tokyo

The club was founded in 1935.



The team has some notable achievements.

In 2012, Kazuma Watanabe made three goals in one game against Sagan Tosu.

In 2009, Naohiro Ishikawa scored three times in one game against Omiya Ardija.



Kawasaki Frontale

In 2012, Yahiro Kazama was named coach.

The club was founded in 1955.



The team has some notable achievements.

In 2010, Juninho (Carlos Alberto Carvalho dos Anjos Junior) made three goals in one game against Shonan Bellmare; and Jumpei Kusukami scored three times in a game against Gamba Osaka.

In 2009, Renatinho (Renato Carlos Martins Júnior) kicked three goals in a game against JEF United Ichihara Chiba.



Tokyo Verdy

The club was founded in 1969.

In 2010, the team included



Yomiuri S.C. had reserve team ; Yomiuri S.C. Juniors from 1980 to 1992.



Urawa Red Diamonds

In 2007, the Urawa Reds were the first Japanese team to reach the finals of the Asian Champions League.
Its famous in Japan developing young good players.

The club was founded in 1950.



In 2009, Edmilson (Edmilson Dos Santos Silva) made three goals in one game (hat-trick) against Jubilo Iwata.



Yokohama F. Marinos

The club was founded in 1972.




The team has some notable achievements.



Oita Trinita

The club was founded in 1994.





Albirex Niigata

In 2012, Masaaki Yanagishita was named coach.

The club was founded in 1955.



The team has some notable achievements.

In 2009, Pedro Bispo Moreira Júnior made three goals in one game against Sanfrecce Hiroshima.

In 2010, Marcio Richardez scored three times in one game against Vegalta Sendai.



Yokohama FC

The club was founded in 1998.
In 2010, the team included





New Netherland

New Netherland (Dutch: "Nieuw-Nederland", Latin: "Nova Belgica" or "Novum Belgium") was a colony of the Dutch Empire from 1614 through 1664 and from 1673 through 1674. It was a base for the fur trade. The capital was New Amsterdam, modern-day New York City. The other important trading post in New Netherland was Fort Orange, now called Albany, New York. Most settlers lived in these towns or between them, along the Hudson River but some lived in distant parts of the colony. 

New Netherland was between English colonies which the Kingdom of England wanted to connect together. During the Anglo-Dutch Wars England sent warships to conquer New Netherland. The Dutch colonists surrendered because they were afraid the English Royal Navy would destroy their town. The Dutch traded the colony to England for Surinam in South America and Run (island) in the East Indies, which they thought were worth more. The English divided their new colony to make the English colonies of New York and New Jersey. They also gave parts to Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Delaware and Maryland. 

Workstation

A workstation is a computer used for scientific or technical calculations, or purposes. These computers are usually expensive, high-end computers. They are different from the ordinary computers used for text-processing. Very often they have operating systems that allow several users to work at the computer at the same time. Very often, workstations are connected to a computer network. Computer terminals may be used to access them. Currently, almost all workstations use a unix or unix-like operating system.

Workstation computers often use a 64-bit server-class CPU such as the Intel Xeon or AMD Opteron, and some have more than one CPU. They may also have more memory than a normal desktop computer, and they often have 10000 or 15000 RPM hard drives or solid-state drives. Some workstations have devices that are not commonly used on normal desktop computers, such as ECC (error-corrected) memory, SCSI, fibre channel, and 10 gigabit Ethernet.

Some technologies that were once only found on workstations have now become common in normal PCs, such as multi-core processors, solid-state drives, hardware-accelerated graphics, 24-bit color, broadband Internet access, virtual memory, pre-emptive multitasking, and OpenCL.

Common uses for workstations include computer-aided design (CAD), 3D graphics and animation, video and audio production, weather modeling, and other simulations and scientific work.

Traditionally, workstations used a RISC processor, such as MIPS, PowerPC, or SPARC architecture CPUs. Most modern workstations use x86_64 processors. In 2020, however, Apple began migrating its product line from x86-64 to Apple M1, an ARM RISC CPU.



X.Org Foundation

The X.Org Foundation is a group responsible for making the X Window System. The group was created on 22 January 2004. The X.Org Foundation is a corporation based in Delaware. It has a non-profit status.

The X.Org Server is the most common implementation of X. It is used on Linux, UNIX, and Unix-like systems. It is the base technology underlying both GNOME and KDE desktops and the CDE desktop environment



Capillaritis

Capillaritis is where the capillaries are larger than should be. It is often talked about in the context of pulmonary capillaritis.

Plan 9 from Bell Labs

Plan 9 from Bell Labs is a free software distributed operating system. It was made for research purposes as the successor to UNIX by the Computing Sciences Research Center at Bell Labs during the late 1980s. Plan 9 is currently used as a hobbyist's operating system, and in certain experimental fields, where the highly distributed nature of the operating system is valued. Plan 9 has novel features such as the 9P protocol for accessing local and remote resources as files, union mounts, an improved proc file system, and native unicode support throughout the system. In Plan 9, all system interfaces, including those required for networking and the user interface, are represented through the file system rather than specialized interfaces. It also has a graphical user interface built in, called rio, in anticipation of the graphical world.

The name Plan 9 from Bell Labs is a reference to the Ed Wood 1959 cult science fiction movie Plan 9 from Outer Space. Also, Glenda, the Plan 9 Bunny, is presumably a reference to Wood's film Glen or Glenda.

Plan 9 was originally developed for research purposes, as Bell Labs was looking for a replacement for the venerable UNIX. It underwent mass testing, as all the computers at Bell Labs had Plan 9 installed, in lieu of UNIX, which was commonplace previously. It explored several modifications to the pre-existing UNIX system, primarily the distributed nature of the system, and the graphical user-interface. In 1992, Bell Labs released a public version, for universities, and soon after, a version for the general public. The highly restrictive nature of the licence at the time, and the steep 500$ licencing fee resulted in it being ignored, in lieu of Linux.

When Lucent-Alcatel acquired Bell, in the 1990s, however, funding for the system was slashed, and in 2000, it was released into the world under a FOSSy licence. In February 2014, Alcatel-Lucent permitted the University of California, Berkeley to release Plan9 under the popular GNU General Public License.

Carnegie Hall

Carnegie Hall is a concert hall in New York. The money for building it was given by Andrew Carnegie, a very rich businessman from Scotland. Carnegie Hall was built in 1891. It is the most famous concert hall in the world.

Carnegie Hall has three separate concert halls: the Main Hall, the Recital Hall and the Chamber Music Hall.

Carnegie Hall's main auditorium is big enough to seat 2,840 people. There are five levels. The main hall was named after the violinist Isaac Stern in 1997. The Main Hall is very tall, and visitors to the top balcony must climb 105 steps.

For many years the world-famous New York Philharmonic Orchestra gave their concerts there. They moved out to a new concert hall in the Lincoln Center in 1962. Many of the greatest performers of classical music have performed in the hall. Concerts continue to be given there including, more recently, concerts of popular music.

Zankel Hall, which seats 599, is now named after Judy and Arthur Zankel. At first it was simply called Recital Hall, then in 1896 it was renamed Carnegie Lyceum. It was used by the American Academy of Dramatic Arts from 1898. In 1959 it was changed into a cinema. Since 1997 it has been a hall for recitals.

The Weill Recital Hall is a small concert hall seating just 268 people. Since 1986 it has been named after Sanford I. Weill, the chairman of Carnegie Hall's board, and his wife, Joan. At first it was called Chamber Music Hall, later Carnegie Chamber Music Hall).

The official opening night was on May 5, with an orchestral concert conducted by Walter Damrosch and the composer Tchaikovsky. Many famous works were given their world premiere (first ever performance) at the Carnegie Hall, including "Symphony No. 9, opus 95, "From the New World"" by Antonín Dvořák on December 16, 1893, the "Sinfonia Domestica" by Richard Strauss - March 21, 1904, conducted by the composer, "Concerto in F" by George Gershwin on December 3, 1925, with the composer playing the piano, and "Variations on a Theme of Corelli" by Sergei Rachmaninoff - November 7, 1931, with the composer playing the piano.

The world premiere of Disney's animated film "Fantasia 2000" took place at Carnegie Hall on December 17, 1999.

Musikverein

The Musikverein in Vienna, Austria is one of the most famous concert halls in the world. It opened on 6 January 1870, and is known for its acoustics. The world-famous Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra performs at Musikverein.

The concert hall was built by the "Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde" (Society of Friends of Music) who had been given the land by Emperor Franz Joseph. In 1907 a beautiful organ was put in the Konzerthaus by the Austrian firm of organ builders Rieger.

The main auditorium is called the Goldener Saal (The Golden Hall). There are seats for 1,744 people and standing room for another 300. The Brahms Hall is also in the Musikverein building, and seats close to 600. Four more concert halls were added underneath the main building in 2004: the Glass Hall with 380 seats, the Steel Room with 70 seats, the Stone Room with 60 seats, and the Wood Room with 50 seats. Every year on 1 January the Vienna New Year's Concert is held here. Millions of people in countries all over the world watch this concert on New Year's Day.

Vienna New Year's Concert

The New Year Concert of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra is a concert of classical music that takes place each year on the morning of 1 January in Vienna, Austria. The concert hall where they are held is called the Wiener Musikverein. The music traditionally consists of waltzes, marches and polkas by the Strauss family. The concert is shown on television to about one billion people in 44 countries.

The music always includes pieces from the Strauss family (Johann Strauss I, Johann Strauss II, Josef Strauss and Eduard Strauss). The music consists mainly of waltzes, polkas, mazurkas and marches. Sometimes other Austrian composers are included. In 2009, for the first time, music by Joseph Haydn was played. It was the 4th movement of Haydn's Symphony No. 45, known as the "Farewell Symphony". It was performed because the year 2009 is the 200th anniversary of Haydn's death. 

These concerts have been held in the "Großer Saal" (Large Hall) of the Wiener Musikverein since 1939. Since 1980 the flowers that decorate the concert hall are a gift each year from the city of Sanremo, Liguria, Italy. On television the viewers can also see ballet dancers who dance to the music. These dancers are often dancing in Schönbrunn Palace, Schloss Esterházy, the Vienna State Opera or in the Wiener Musikverein itself.

The concert always ends with three encores after the main programme. The first encore is a fast polka. The second encore is Johann Strauss II's "Blue Danube Waltz". The audience start to clap as soon as the music for this famous waltz starts. The last encore is the "Radetzky March". The audience like to clap along to the music.

The concert was first performed in 1939.


George Enescu

George Enescu (August 19, 1881, Liveni – May 4, 1955, Paris) was a Romanian composer. He was born in Liveni, Romania. He studied the violin at the Vienna Conservatory. He moved to Paris in 1895 to study composition at the Paris Conservatoire with Jules Massenet and then Gabriel Fauré. Other students at this time were Maurice Ravel and Charles Koechlin.

In 1927 he taught the violin to Yehudi Menuhin.

Cumans

The Cumans (also known as Kumans) were a travelling Turkic people who lived in the area along the Black Sea near the Volga River, Balkans and Hungary. The City Kumanovo is named after them.

Santa Lucia Stroncone Astronomical Observatory

The Osservatorio Astrometrico Santa Lucia Stroncone (Santa Lucia Stroncone Astronomical Observatory) is an observatory that studies stars in the sky. It is in the town of Stroncone, Italy. It has found lots of asteroids.

German South West Africa

German South West Africa (, DSWA) was a German colony in Africa from 1884 through 1915. It is now Namibia. From 1891, the capital was Windhoek, the same city as the capital of today's Namibia. It covered an area of . This is over one and half times the size of the German Empire at the time.

715

715 was a common year starting on Tuesday.



695

The year 695 (DCXCV) was a common year starting on Friday of the Julian calendar.


Ender's Game (novel series)

The Ender's Game series (sometimes called Enderverse) is a series of books written by Orson Scott Card. There are 2 major series of the Ender's Game series: the Ender series and the Shadow series.

The Ender series includes the books "Ender's Game", "Speaker for the Dead", "Xenocide", and "Children of the Mind". "Ender's Game" used to be a short story, but the author expanded it to make the novel "Ender's Game".

The Shadow series (also called the "Bean Quartet") starts with "Ender's Shadow", followed by 4 other books about the lives of the people Ender left behind. "Ender's Shadow" occurs at the same time and place (Battle School) as "Ender's Game" does, but instead in the view of Bean rather than Ender. "Shadow of the Hegemon", "Shadow Puppets", and "Shadow of the Giant" are stories about world dominance on Earth after the Bugger War in which the children at Battle School and Ender's older brother, Peter Wiggin, are main characters. "Shadows in Flight", a sequel to "Shadow of the Giant", is planned to come out; however, it will start after "Children of the Mind", not "Shadow of the Giant", and will combine the two Ender's Game series: the Ender series and the Shadow series. "Shadows" "in" "Flight" has recently been renamed to "Shadows" "Alive".

There are 11 stories in the Ender's Game series. According to Orson Scott Card, the author, you do not have to read the books in any required order, except that Xenocide should be read right before Children of the Mind.

The books can be read in the order they were written/published in or by date times in the novels.



2. 

Pula

Pula () is the biggest city in Istria County, Croatia. It has a population of about 62,000 people as of the year 2006. It has a long tradition of winemaking, fishing, shipbuilding, and tourism. Its most famous attraction is the well-preserved Roman ampitheatre. Pula is also an administrative center of Istria since Roman times.

1938–39 NHL season

The 1938–39 NHL season was the 22nd season of the National Hockey League (NHL). Seven teams each played 48 games. The Boston Bruins were the Stanley Cup winners as they beat the Toronto Maple Leafs four games to one in the final series.

The NHL created the icing rule on March 13, 1939.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

Berne, New York

Berne is a town in Albany County, New York, United States. About 2,700 people lived there as of the year 2020.


Brown University

Brown University is an American private research university in Providence, Rhode Island. It is a member of the Ivy League. It was founded in 1764 as the "College in the English Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations", early in the reign of King George III (1760–1820) and before American independence from the British Empire. It was founded by the Brown brothers, who were slave traders. Brown is the third oldest institution of higher education in New England and seventh oldest in the United States.

Brown is ranked as the 14th national university behind Princeton, Harvard, Yale, Columbia, Stanford, University of Chicago, Duke, MIT, University of Pennsylvania, Caltech, Dartmouth, Johns Hopkins, and Northwestern. Brown was the first college in the country to accept students of any religion.

It is the second last ranked Ivy League University with Cornell being the last.

Rutgers University

Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey (also known as Rutgers University), is the largest institution for higher education in the state of New Jersey. It was originally chartered as "Queen's College" in 1766 and is the eighth-oldest college in the United States. 

Rental dockless e-scooters are available on Rutgers campus. Notably, Rutgers professor Juan A. Ayala is notable for doing wheelies on these scooters. 

Rutgers was designated The State University of New Jersey by acts of the New Jersey Legislature in 1945 and 1956. The campuses of Rutgers are in New Brunswick, Piscataway, Newark and Camden. Rutgers is the largest university within New Jersey's state university system, and it was ranked 46th in the world academically in a 2006 survey conducted by the Institute of Higher Education at Shanghai Jiao Tong University. The university offers more than 100 distinct bachelor, 100 master, and 80 doctoral and professional degree programs across 175 academic departments, 29 degree-granting schools and colleges, 16 of which offer graduate programs of study.

Southern cassowary

The southern cassowary ("Casuarius casuarius"), also known as double-wattled cassowary or two-wattled cassowary, is a large flightless black bird with hard and stiff plumage, two dangling red wattles and a big bony lump on its head called a casque. It lives in tropical rainforest and feeds mostly on fallen fruit, red nape and two red wattles hanging down its throat.

The big female lays up to five enormous glossy green eggs on the ground. She then leaves the male bird to sit on them and raise the stripey chicks. The cassowary is a very rare bird in Australia but also lives in New Guinea.

Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education

The Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education (PASSHE) is the second largest provider of higher education in Pennsylvania after the Commonwealth system and a large public university system in the United States. It is the tenth-largest university system in the United States and 43rd largest in the world. The system is 14 state-owned schools, all of which are NCAA Division II members.

The "Normal School Act of 1857" was passed on the last day of session on 20 May 1857. It created 12 school districts. Afterward, the School Code of 1911 made Pennsylvania buy all the schools. The "normal" schools evolved from state normal schools, to state teacher's colleges, to state colleges. Act 188, which was signed into law on November 12, 1982 and came into effect on July 1, 1983, established the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education, and converted those state colleges into universities.

The system is made up of the following 14 universities in Pennsylvania:

PASSHE universities also operate four branch campuses. The Office of the Chancellor is in the capital city of Harrisburg at the Dixon University Center.


Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade

The Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade is a parade that happens every Thanksgiving. It is held in New York City. It is presented by chain store business Macy's. It started in 1924. The parade often includes many balloons, floats, celebrities, songs and more. It ends with the arrival of Santa Claus, which marks the start of the Christmas and holiday season. The hosts of "The Today Show" also host this event by introducing new acts in the parade.


Indiana University of Pennsylvania

Indiana University of Pennsylvania (or IUP) is a public university in the borough of Indiana, Pennsylvania, USA, northeast of Pittsburgh. It is the largest university in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education (PaSSHE) and is the state's fifth largest university. It is governed by a local Council of Trustees and the Board of Governors of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education. IUP has branch campuses at Punxsutawney, Northpointe, and Monroeville.

Rockville, Maryland

Rockville is the county seat of Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. According to the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 67,117, making it the fourth largest incorporated city in Maryland.

Montgomery County, Maryland

Montgomery County of the U.S. state of Maryland is north of Washington, D.C. and southwest of Baltimore. It is one of the richest counties in the United States, and has the highest percentage (29.2%) of residents over 25 years old who hold a post-graduate degree. The county seat and largest municipality is Rockville.

Of a Revolution

Of a Revolution, better known as O.A.R., is an American rock band consisting of Marc Roberge (vocals, guitar), Chris Culos (drums, percussion), Richard On (guitar, backing vocals), Benj Gershman (bass guitar), Jerry DePizzo (saxophone, guitar, backing vocals). The band has a lot of fans in college and many of the band's songs relate to the band members' lives at Ohio State University (Columbus) and growing up in Rockville, Maryland.

George Foreman Grill

The George Foreman Lean Mean Fat-Reducing Grilling Machine, commonly known as the George Foreman Grill, is an indoor, electrically-heated grill manufactured by Salton, Inc. George Foreman, a former champion boxer, is the main spokesperson for the grill. Since its introduction in 1994, over 80 million Foreman grills have been sold.

Foreman has made over 150 million dollars from the sales of his grills, an amount that is more than he earned as a boxer.

The company has created many different sizes and designs for the grill since it was first made. These include "The Champ" which was the first grill produced, a family size grill, and a "Super Large" grill that has 144 inches of grilling space. There is also a deep fryer and roaster.

A website made an April Fools' Day joke by claiming to sell a USB version of the grill called the "iGrill." The fake product was advertised as a grill that can be plugged into a computer and turned on by someone on the Internet.

The grill has a design that allows the grill to heat the top and bottom surfaces of the food, meaning that the food does not need to be flipped while cooking. Both heating surfaces are grooved to reduce the contact area, and covered in a non-stick coating. The lower heating surface is angled to allow liquid fat and other fluids to drain through the grooves into a removable drip tray that also shows the amount removed from the food. This design has been marketed as a way to "knock out the fat", to appear as a healthier way to cook food.

Lava Records

Lava Records is an American record label that is owned by Warner Music Group.

Treacle

Treacle (Also known as Molasses in the United States (Molasses in the UK refers to treacle not made for humans to eat)) is a type of syrup. It is made when people are processing the plant sugarcane. It is used in cooking to make things sweeter. It is usually dark brown.

Doctors used the word "treacle" to describe a medicine with many ingredients, or medicines that would treat snakebites. Wells that were thought to have water that would cure people were called "treacle wells".

Bulgarians

Bulgarians are a South Slavic people from southeast Europe. There are around 7.3 million Bulgarian nationals. The Bulgarians speak the Bulgarian language and most of them live in Bulgaria. There is also a large diaspora of Bulgarians in Germany, Ukraine, Spain, UK and USA.

The Bulgarian language is a South Slavic language that is very similar to the Macedonian language. It is spoken by around 9 million people. There are some notable differences in the Bulgarian language that set it apart from other Slavic languages. For example, Bulgarian lost almost all of the noun cases. The language also developed a definite article.

The Bulgarian language is written with the Cyrillic script. The Cyrillic script was developed in the First Bulgarian Empire, and is now used in 12 other languages.

Bulgarian Orthodoxy has been the prominent religion in Bulgaria since 870 AD. There are also a small amount of Bulgarians who converted to Islam during Ottoman rule.

Romanian leu

The leu is the money that is used in Romania. The smaller kind of money used is the "ban", or "bani"(plural). 100 bani make up a leu. Because Romania joined the European Union, they will start using the euro in 2014.

Mandatory access control

In computer security, a mandatory access control (MAC) means a type of access control by which the operating system changes the way a "subject" (e.g. a user or a program) can access or do some sort of action on an "object" (e.g. a file or folder). Subjects and objects each have a set of security rules. Whenever a subject tries to use an object, the operating system kernel looks at these security rules and decides whether the subject can use the object.

Access control

Access control is the ability to allow or deny the use of a certain object by a certain person or entity. Access control machine can be used in managing physical objects (such as a movie theater, to which only people with tickets are allowed in) or digital objects (for example, a private text document on a computer, which only certain users should be able to read).

Because every person’s fingerprint, iris, voice, retina, face, hand, vein and signature are unique, a biometric time clock provides a quick, accurate, and reliable way to record who is accessing an object or place. That is why many companies now employ biometrics (systems that identify people based on a body part).

In recent times, there are large number of biometric systems that are commercially available. Such biometric systems are based on unique characteristics of human being. The most common, reliable and successful system is the one based on fingerprints. Users are supposed to put their thumb/index finger (or any specified finger) in the finger reader. The system then compares the fingerprint that is read with the one in the central database for authentication.

Most biometric systems do not keep an image of the fingerprint but a template. A template is basically a number that is calculated based on various characteristics of the fingerprint. This is done so that persons may not sneak unauthorised images of fingerprints into the database. When a fingerprint is to be matched, its "template number" is computed and compared with that stored in the database. Most systems allow for dry, greasy, chaffed and minor cuts on the fingers. The other biometric systems are based on retina of the eye, palm, photograph or voice pattern recognition. The palm-based systems take the image of the palm from various angles and compare them.

Linux Security Modules

Linux Security Modules (LSM) is a framework that allows the Linux kernel to support a variety of computer security models while avoiding favoritism toward any single security implementation. The framework is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License and is standard part of the Linux kernel since Linux version 2.6.

Black swan

"For the movie, see Black Swan (movie)."

The black swan ("Cygnus atratus") is a large waterbird that mostly breeds in the southeast and southwest areas of Australia. It is different from other swans because it is mostly black, though its flight feathers are white. Their bill is bright red and the tip is white. 

Common Desktop Environment

The Common Desktop Environment (CDE) is a desktop environment for Unix. It is based on the Motif widget toolkit. HP uses CDE as the default desktop manager for OpenVMS which belongs to HP. This means it will be run without making any changes.


HMHS Britannic

The HMHS "Britannic" was a British ocean liner. The ship was also used as a war ship and a Royal Mail steamer. The "Britannic" was finished on 26 February 1914, for the White Star Line. It was a sister ship to the Olympic and the RMS Titanic. The building of the ship was held up when the Titanic sunk, and extra safety items were added to the Britannic.

The start of World War I meant the ship was not used for passenger work. It was set up as a hospital ship with 3,300 beds. She sailed to Mudros on the 23 December 1915, to pick up wounded soldiers from Gallipoli. She continued as a hospital ship until 1916 when it was turned back into a Royal Mail and passenger ship. Before this latest change was carried out, the ship was called back into war service and went back to Mudros.

There were 1,066 people on board: 673 crew, 315 Royal Army Medical Corps (RAMC), 77 nurses, and the captain. "Britannic" was under the command of Captain Bartlett.

On 21 November 1916 the "Britannic" was rocked by an explosion, after hitting a naval mine in the Kea Channel, off the Greek island of Kea. The mines had been put there by the German submarine U-73. A huge explosion tore a hole in the side of the ship which sunk one hour later. The ship was carrying 1,125 people, and nearly all were saved. Two lifeboats were struck by the ship's propellers and 30 people were killed. Bartlett finally stopped the propellers before they could suck in any more lifeboats. Bartlett re-engages "Britannic"’s engines one last time in one final attempt to the island of Kea, pausing the evacuation. At 9 A.M., he ordered the Britannic’s propellers to stop for one final time, and ordered and told everyone it was time leave and evacuate. The lifeboats were launched from the ship. Her final plunge began with her stern beginning to rise from the water, exposing the propellers. Then, as "Britannic" began to slowly dip beneath the surface, survivors from the "Britannic" said they heard what sound is like a tremendous roar or bang coming from the front section of the ship that was already submerged.

What this was was the ship’s bow slamming into the sea floor. "Britannic" was over 800 feet long, and it only sank roughly 400 feet of water, so the bow hits the sea floor before the stern was completely submerged. Once this occurred, it caused massive structural damage to the "Britannic"’s hull and we can see the evidence of this in the wreck today there’s a massive hole in the bow section. Then, at roughly 9:07 AM, "Britannic"’s stern slowly dipped beneath the surface, 55 minutes after the explosion by a naval mine. The German newspapers claimed that the ship had been sunk by a torpedo because it might have been carrying soldiers. The captain of the U-73 said this was not true, he had only been laying the naval mines. The survivors believe the "Britannic" was torpedoed.

Croatian First Football League

Prva HNL is a football league which is top division in Croatia.



A-League Men

A-League Men, known before the 2021–22 season as the A-League, is a soccer league which is the top division in Australia and New Zealand. It was established in 2004 as a replacement to the National Soccer League and started in August 2005. Unlike professional soccer leagues in most of the rest of the world, A-League Men has what is called a "franchise" system—the same teams play in the league each year, unless a team drops out of the league on its own, or the league decides to add one or more new teams. This system is normal for pro sports leagues in Australia, as well as in the United States and Canada.

Since the beginning of the league in 2005, fourteen teams have competed in the league with Western United becoming the last club to join the league in the 2019–20 season. From those fourteen teams, six have taken the title while seven have taken the minor premiership. The current champion is Melbourne City FC, who defeated Sydney FC in the 2021 Grand Final.

The word "Men" was added to the league name after the 2020–21 season when the country's men's, women's, and youth leagues were brought under the "A-League" brand.

Before A-League Men was founded, the top division of Australian soccer was the National Soccer League which ran between 1977 and 2004.



A-League Men, like other professional leagues in Australia, crowns its champion at the end of a knockout playoff series involving top teams on the regular-season table. The final match is called the Grand Final, a term used in several other Australian sports. The team that finishes on top of the regular-season table is called the "Premiers". Media sometimes incorrectly call the Premiers the "minor premiers", a term used in other football codes in the country.

Eredivisie

The Eredivisie is a football league which is the top division in the Netherlands. It was created in 1956. Before 1956, the teams competed in the Netherlands Football League Championship.

The most successful team has been AFC Ajax, with 36 titles.

At the end of the 2014–15 season, the Eredivisie was ranked the 10th best league in the Europe.


North American Soccer League

North American Soccer League (NASL) was a soccer league with teams from the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico. The league was founded in 2009 and began play in 2011. It is the second level of the soccer pyramid in both the U.S. and Canada, behind Major League Soccer. Puerto Rico has its own soccer league, but it plays at a level below the NASL.

Propositional logic

Propositional logic is a formal system in mathematics and logic. Other names for the system are "propositional calculus" and "sentential calculus". The system is made of a set of propositions. Each proposition has a truth value, being either true or false. Propositions can be represented by capital roman letters such as formula_1, formula_2 and formula_3, and joined together using logical connectives to make new propositions. Examples for logical connectives that are used often are logical and (formula_4), logical or (formula_5), logical if (formula_6), logical if and only if (formula_7) and logical not (formula_8).

Propositional logic only looks at the propositions and how they are connected, and does not decompose them. That way, the proposition "All cats are dogs and the earth is a disc" is made of two propositions, "All cats are dogs", and "The Earth is a disc". These are joined together with the logical connective AND. 

There are other logic systems that build on propositional logic. One of these is predicate logic, which defines logical predicates, and looks at how they can be applied to arguments. Another system is called modal logic. It introduces two new junctors: "it is possible that" and "it is necessary that".

A simple logic statement is an implication (statement of the form "If P, then Q"). For example, "If it rains for an hour, then the ground will be wet". In this example, P ("if it rains for an hour") is the antecedent, and Q ("the ground will be wet") is the consequent. The consequent must necessarily follow if the antecedent is true. Therefore, an if-then statement is wholly false if the consequent does not actually follow the antecedent. An example of this would be, "If a dog ate a whole meal, then it would be starving." In this case if P were true, Q would be false and the whole statement is false. Here is a truth table for an if-then statement:
Note that there are two logic errors that people often make from this:

1) "If Q, then P". In our example, this would mean "If the ground is wet, then it has been raining for an hour". However, the ground could be wet for other reasons, like if snow has melted or a water main has broken.

2) "If not P, then not Q". In our example, this would mean "If it has not been raining for an hour, then the ground is not wet". However, the ground could still be wet for the reasons listed above.

The only correct inference that can be made is "If not Q, then not P". This means, in our example, "If the ground is not wet, then it has not been raining for an hour".

Another simple logic statement is "P or Q". For example, "Either I am in Hong Kong or I am in London."


Austrian Football Bundesliga

Austrian Bundesliga is a football league which is top division in Austria. The Bundesliga was founded in 1911 under the name" Erste Klasse". Till the season 1949/50 it was only played with teams from Vienna and Lower Austria. The official name is now Admiral Bundesliga (after the league sponsor)
Football started in Austria around 1890. In 1924 a professional league started and the champion was called "Austrian Champion", although only teams of the metropolitan area of Vienna played here. It was the first professional league outside of the United Kingdom. An amateur league was founded in 1928. From 1938 till 1945 Austria was occupied by Nazi Germany and there was no Austrian league. After the Second World War an Austria-wide league was founded in 1948. The league had different numbers of members (10 to 18) and names.
The player with the record of games is Robert Sara. He played 581 matches in the league. Top scorer is Robert Dienst He scored 323 goals in the league matches. The first champion outside Vienna was LASK Linz in 1964/65. The highest victory was an 18:0 of Vienna versus Ostbahn IX in the 1945/46 season.The match with the highest number of visitors was Austria Wien versus LASK with 73 826. The best average of visitors was 26 500 (Rapid Wien season 1948). Marc Ziegler, goalkeeper of FC Tirol, was 1085 minutes without goal. The longest serial victories is reached by Wiener Sportklub with 41 victories, in home matches. Vienna also reached 41 in a row.





The 2014–15 Austrian Football Bundesliga was the 103rd season of top-tier football in Austria. FC Red Bull Salzburg won their 9th title, and second in succession.






Until the 1949–1950 season, only clubs from Vienna and Lower Austria played in the league. 

BC Lions

The BC Lions are a Canadian Football League team from Vancouver, BC. The Lions play their games at BC Place Stadium. The Lions play in the CFL West Division. The Lions were started in 1954 and used to play at Empire Stadium in East Vancouver. They also played at the Empire Stadium site in 2010 and 2011, in a temporary stadium called Empire Field. This was necessary because BC Place was closed in those seasons for major renovations.

The Lions have won the Grey Cup six times, most recently at BC Place in 2011.


Transmission Control Protocol

The Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is one of the main protocols of the Internet Protocol Suite. TCP is part of the popular "TCP/IP" combination used by the Internet. The Internet Protocol, or IP, makes sure data on the internet gets to the right place. Then TCP makes sure the data is put in the right order, and none of it is missing. TCP also helps to control traffic on the internet so it does not get overloaded. These protocols, which are kind of like languages that computers use, are designed so that any computer, and any program (such as a Web browser or e-mail client), can use them.

TCP makes it easier for computer programs to communicate with each other, typically over a computer network. When a program wants to send a lot of data, TCP is in charge of dividing the data, sending it through the network, and putting it back together correctly on a different computer. In the process, IP chooses which wires and "intersections" get used to send all the data pieces in the fastest way. It does this using packets.

If there are a lot of people using the network, it can get overloaded. Also sometimes weather, power outages, and other problems can make communication hard. Routers on the Internet use something called "load balancing" to try to fix some of these problems. But still, information can be delivered out of order, get lost, or even duplicated. TCP is designed to notice all of these problems and try to fix them. This can take a while, which is why the Internet sometimes seems slow. Once the TCP receiver has finally reassembled a perfect copy of the data originally transmitted, it passes that data to the computer program that asked for it. In this way, the program does not have to know about the network, and TCP does not have to know about the program's data.



Monologue

A monologue is a long, uninterrupted speech or poem by one person. The person may be speaking his or her thoughts aloud or directly addressing other persons, e.g. an audience, a character, reader, or inanimate object.

The term 'dramatic monologue' is used both for monologues in plays and for the poetic genre.

A rant (also called harangue or declamation) is a monologue that does not present a well-researched and calm argument; rather, it is typically an attack on an idea, a person, or an institution, and very often lacks proven claims. 

Some rants are used not to attack something, but to defend an individual, idea or organization. Rants of this type generally occur after the subject has been attacked by another individual or group.

Rants are used often in situations requiring monologue. Comedians, such as Lewis Black, Adam Carolla, and Rick Mercer, use rants as a way to get their message or punch-line across to the listening audience.

For Example: When a politician gives a speech in a loud voice, he expresses his thoughts and feelings and the general public listens to it, the subject is monologue.

A rant can be used to flame members of an email group or electronic mailing list that are failing to reach a consensus on an issue.


Ann Dunham

Stanley Ann Dunham (November 29, 1942 – November 7, 1995), the mother of Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States, was an American anthropologist. She was later known as, Ann Dunham, Ann Obama, Ann Soetoro, Ann Sutoro (after her second divorce) and finally as Ann Dunham. Dunham spent her childhood in California, Oklahoma, Texas and Kansas. Dunham spent her teenage years in Mercer Island, Washington. Much of her adult life was spent in Hawaii.

Canadian Albums Chart

The Canadian Albums Chart is the official album sales chart in Canada. It is compiled every Wednesday by U.S.-based music sales tracking company Nielsen Soundscan, and published every Thursday by "Jam!" Canoe, along with its sister charts the Canadian Singles Chart and the Canadian BDS Airplay Chart.

The chart has 200 positions, however, "Jam!" only publishes the top 100 for the public. Unlike the case with its CD single equivalent (the Canadian Singles Chart), album sales are not declining as rapidly in Canada as CD singles are, and the Canadian Albums Chart remains the most reliable source for the most popular albums in Canada.



Wendy's

Wendy's is an international chain of fast food restaurants. It was founded by Dave Thomas on November 15, 1969, in Columbus, Ohio. The company moved its headquarters to Dublin, Ohio, on January 29, 2006.



Wendy's menu is mostly hamburgers, chicken sandwiches, French fries and beverages. For dessert, they serve Frostys, which are similar to Dairy Queen's "Blizzards".





Megamouth shark

The megamouth shark ("Megachasma pelagios") is a large, slow-swimming, timid shark that was only discovered in 1976. It grows to 5.5 metres long. The megamouth is found in the Indian, Atlantic, and Pacific Oceans.

The megamouth shark has a sturdy body, and a fat, round and long head. The snout is very short and wide. The gill slits are quite long but can not reach the dorsal surface of the head. The mouth is wide, with the corners extending behind the eyes. The first dorsal fin is located more closely to the pectoral fins than to the pelvic fin, and the second dorsal fin is less than half the size of the first dorsal fin. Both dorsal fins are low. The pectoral fins of the adults are shorter than the head in length. 
The dorsal surface of the body, the pectoral and pelvic fins, the dorsal fins, the center of the anal fin, and the caudal fin are blackish-brown. The belly is white.

The shark has around fifty rows of very small teeth on each jaw, but only three rows are usable. Females seem to have fewer teeth rows than males. The upper and lower jaws have a symphyseal (where the two halves of the jaw meet) toothless space, but it is larger in the upper jaw. A difference between the upper and lower teeth was recognized on a female specimen: the first five upper teeth are smaller than the first five lower teeth.
The maximum length reported for the Megamouth shark is 5.5 metres (18 feet). Males mature when they are 4 metres (13 feet) long, and females mature when they are 5 metres (16 feet) long.
Although there has only been a total of 53 confirmed sightings of the Megamouth shark, this species is now known to be found in the Indian, Pacific and Atlantic Oceans. As with the two other known filter-feeding sharks, the basking shark and the whale shark, this species has a widespread distribution. However, the megamouth shark is less active, and a poorer swimmer than the basking shark and the whale shark. Its slow movement is probably because of its fleshy body, soft fins, and asymmetrical tail.

The only confirmed register of a Megamouth shark predator is an event of when sperm whales where seen attacking a Megamouth shark. This occurred in Manado, North Sulawesi, Indonesia (30th August 1998) near midday, while some researchers were observing the whales. The base of the dorsal fin and the gills of the shark showed signs of the whales' attack.

Although there have only been a few sightings of the megamouth shark, it is believed that this species of shark likes to live in the open ocean. The sixth specimen found was tagged and followed for two days, allowing insight into its habitat preference and behaviour. It stayed at a depth of 15 metres during the night, then dove to 150 metres at dawn and returned to shallow waters at dusk. So the megamouth is presumed to be a vertical migrator on a 24 hour cycle, spending the daytime in deep waters and ascending to midwater depths at night. This vertical migration may be a response to the movements of the small animals on which it feeds. The krill that make up part of the megamouth's diet also migrate from deep waters to the surface.

The megamouth shark is one of the three giant filter-feeding sharks in the sea. The other two are the basking shark and the whale shark.

The exact details of the feeding behaviour of the megamouth shark is unknown, due to the few observations on a live, feeding specimen. The megamouth has a huge mouth that extends behind the eyes. Scientists believe that this shark swims slowly through groups of krill and other small prey with its mouth open, and sucks them in. Then it closes its mouth, and this action decreases the pharyngeal volume and makes it possible for the shark to get rid of any water through the gill openings.

All the specimens of the megamouth shark which have been studied have had krill in their stomach, indicating a filter-feeding habit. The stomach of the first megamouth captured had only one type of krill, "Thysanopoda pectinata". The second megamouth's stomach had krill, copepods, and the jellyfish, "Atolla vanhoeffeni".

Toothpaste

Toothpaste is a part liquid paste, applied to the bristles of a toothbrush in order to aid oneself with the act of toothbrushing.

This substance has several purposes, such as removing plaque from one's teeth, whitening one's teeth and freshening one's breath.

Several toothpaste brands specialize in caring for teeth sensitive to certain conditions (for example heat, cold) or flavours (such as sweetness). The majority of these products work by strengthening the tooth enamel, thus easing discomfort and providing the teeth with a protective outer layer.

Traditionally, toothpaste has a minty flavour, as this is said to allow a sense of freshness in the mouth. However, fruit and flavours have been popular in the past. Fruit toothpastes, however, are discouraged by dentists due to their acidic and tooth-eroding properties.

Swallowing big amounts of toothpaste can make humans very sick and is poisonous. Due to this, the FDA started making toothpaste companies to put a notice about swallowing from 1997 to present.

Karl Goldmark

Karl Goldmark (born in Keszthely, Hungary, 18 May 1830; died in Vienna 2 January 1915) was a Hungarian composer. His music was largely forgotten for a long time after his death, but is now starting to be played much more.

Goldmark came from a large Jewish family. He was one of 20 children. His father was a chazan to the Jewish congregation at Keszthely. He learned to play the violin and was sent to Vienna to study music. After the Revolution of 1848 the Conservatory had to close down and so he had to teach himself how to compose. He earned money by playing the violin in theatre orchestras and by teaching music. For a short time one of his pupils was Jean Sibelius.

Wagner's music was an influence on his compositional style. However, he could not form a proper friendship with Wagner because of Wagner's antisemitism.

Goldmark composed six operas, including "Die Königin von Saba" ("The Queen of Sheba"). It was very popular during his lifetime and continued to be performed by the Vienna State Opera until 1938. His Violin Concerto No. 1 was also very popular indeed, then it lay forgotten for many years. It is very Romantic and sounds very Hungarian.
Other works include a symphony called "Ländliche Hochzeit" (Rustic Wedding) and several other orchestral works, some chamber music and choral music.

Vulpecula

Vulpecula is a northern constellation (group of stars). People say that it looks like a fox. It is not very bright. None of the stars in Vulpecula are brighter than the 4th magnitude in Vulpecula. It is in the middle of the Summer Triangle, three stars that make the shape of a triangle in the sky.


Ferruccio Busoni

Ferruccio Busoni (1 April 1866 – 27 July 1924) was an Italian composer, pianist, teacher and conductor.

Ferruccio Busoni was born in Empoli in Tuscany in Italy. His parents were both musicians. His father played the clarinet and his mother played the piano. They were often touring when Ferruccio was young. He spent most of his childhood in Trieste.

Busoni was a child prodigy. He first played the piano in public at the age of seven. Two years later he played some of his own compositions in Vienna. The composer Franz Liszt heard him. He also met Liszt, Johannes Brahms and Anton Rubinstein.

For a short time he studied in Graz, then in Leipzig. He taught in several places including Helsinki, where he met Jean Sibelius as well as a young lady was to be his wife. In 1890 he won the Anton Rubinstein Competition with his Concert Piece for Piano and Orchestra. He taught in Moscow in 1890, and in the United States from 1891 to 1894 where he also toured as a virtuoso pianist.

In 1894 he went to Berlin where he stayed. He performed as a pianist and conductor and taught many gifted pianists. 
He wrote a book called "Sketch of a New Aesthetic of Music". He did not agree with the strict rules that were used by most teachers for teaching composition. He thought that music was "born to be free". His thinking influenced his composition pupils who included Percy Grainger, Kurt Weill and Edgard Varèse.

During World War I, Busoni lived first in Bologna, where he was director of the conservatory, and later in Zürich. He refused to perform in any countries that were involved in the war. He returned to Berlin in 1920 where he gave master classes in composition. 

Busoni died in Berlin from a kidney disease. 

Busoni's music is based on the Romantic style, but it also starts to sound quite modern. He uses a lot of complicated counterpoint. Sometimes it is quite atonal. A lot of it is based on music of the past. He made many transcriptions, including piano transcriptions of several works by Johann Sebastian Bach.

Busoni was a virtuoso pianist, and his works for piano are difficult to perform. His "Piano Concerto" is extremely hard to play as well as being extremely long (about 70 minutes). The British pianist John Ogdon, who played it, called it "the longest and grandest piano concerto of all".

Some of his best known works include his suite for orchestra "Turandot" which he made into an opera, and his opera "Doktor Faust" which he had not finished when he died. It was finished by his student Philipp Jarnach, but in the 1980s Anthony Beaumont made a better version of it.

Busoni made a number of piano rolls, and a small number of these have been re-recorded onto CD. People who knew him disagree about whether these piano roll recordings show his playing at his best.

Organ system

In biology, an organ system is a group of organs that work together to perform one or more functions. Each does a particular job in the body, and is made up of certain tissues.

These specific systems are widely studied in anatomy. They are present in many types of animals.


BBC Radio 4 Extra

BBC Radio 4 Extra is a British digital radio station. It plays comedy, drama, and children's programmes 24 hours a day. It was called BBC 7 when it started in 2002 and was later renamed BBC Radio 7 in 2008. 

Not many people knew what Radio 7 was, so its name was completely changed in 2011 to make it sound closer to BBC Radio 4, which is run by the same person.

The shows on Radio 4 Extra are mostly old programmes which were once on BBC Radio 4, although they have made some new programmes. It can be heard on digital (DAB) digital radios and also on the Internet.


Chinese herbology

Chinese herbs do not grow in China only. If you find the right climate and soil type, you can grow many of those herbs overseas. For instance, American Ginseng is grown in Wisconsin State.

The raw herbs available in retail have the following natural features:
How do people take the raw herbs? Raw herbs are usually taken orally by extracting the essence out of them. The natural way being practiced since ancient time is to boil and brew the herbal package in water to get a dark brown solution called herb tea that never tastes good. One hour of brewing should be good enough. Then you drink one or two cups a day. Honey or sugar may be added to make it taste less bad. The herbal package can be conveniently modified by changing some ingredients to make it work for you. So an herbal package is really tailor-made for you only.
Raw herbs can be dried and grounded into a powder then compressed into a tablet which is better than buying your own tablets or having to buy gel capsules

Raw herbs can be made into capsules at home. All you need is a tailor-made package of raw herbs. Turn it into fine powder with a powerful grinder, and put the powder into empty gel capsules. When you swallow the capsules, your digestive system has to extract the essence out of the raw herb powder. Whereas if you drink the herb tea, the essence extraction is already done after brewing. The herbal solution will readily be absorbed by your body. Furthermore, the herb tea has a history spanning over two thousand years. How many years of history does the tablet or capsule have besides offering convenience?

(A) General Tonics

(1) *** (Tonify Qi) ***

ren shen 人参 radix Ginseng

dang shen 党参 radix Codonopsis

bai zhu 白朮 rhizoma Atractylodis Macrocephalae

gan cao 甘草 radix Glycyrrhizae

shan yao 山药 rhizoma Dioscoreae

da jao 大枣 fructus Jujubae

(2) *** (Tonify Yang) ***

lu rong 鹿茸 cornu Cervi Pantotrichum

rou cong rong 肉蓯蓉 herba Cistanches

yin yang huo 淫羊霍 herba Epimedii

du zhong 杜仲 cortex Eucommiae

xu duan 续断 radix Dipsaci

gou ji 狗 脊 fructus Psoraleae

bu gu zhi 补骨脂 rhizoma Cibotii

dong chong xia cao 冬虫夏草 Cordyceps

yi zhi ren 益智仁 fructus Alpiniae Oxyphyllae

ge jie 蛤蚧 Gecko

(3) *** (Tonify Blood) ***

dang gui 当归 radix Angelicae Sinensis

hu tao rou 胡桃肉 semen Juglandis

shu di huang 熟地黄 radix Rehmanniae Preparata

he shou wu 何首乌 radix Polgoni Multiflori

e jiao 阿胶 Colla Corii Asini

(4) *** (Tonify Yin) ***

nan sha shen 南沙参 radix adenophorae

bei sha shen 北沙参 radix Glehniae

tian men dong 天门冬 radix Asparagi

mai men dong 麦门冬 radix Ophiopogonis

shi hu 石斛 herba Dendrobii

huang jing 黄精 rhizoma Polgonati

yu zhu 玉竹 rhizoma Polgonati Odorati

shan zhu yu 山茱萸 fructus Corni

gou qi zi 枸杞子 fructus Lycii

nu zhen zi 女贞子 fructus Ligustri Lucidi

mo han lian 旱莲草 herba Ecliptae

bie jia 鱉甲 carapax Trionycis

gui ban 龟板 plastrum Testudinis
(B) Stabilise and Bind 

wu wei zi 五味子 fructus Schisandrae

wu mei 乌梅 fructus Mume

wu bei zi 五倍子 galla Chinensis

fu xiao mai 浮小麦 fructus Tritici Levis

he zi 訶子 fructus Chebulae

shi liu pi 石榴皮 pericarpium Granati

rou dou kou 肉荳蔻 semen Myristicae

lian zi 莲子 semen Nelumbinis

qian shi 芡实 semen Euryales

sang piao xiao 桑螵蛸 ootheca Mantidis

wu zei gu 乌贼骨 os Sepiae

bin lang 檳榔 semen Arecae
(C) Transform Phlegm and Stop Coughing

zi wan 紫菀 radix Asteris

bai bu 百部 radix Stemonae

kuan dong hua 款冬花 flos Farfarae

sang bai pi 桑白皮 cortex Mori Radicis

ma dou ling 马兜铃 fructus Aristolochiae

ting li zi 葶靂子 semen Lepidii seu Descurainiae
(D) Regulate Blood: Stop Bleeding

san qi (tianqi) 三七 radix Notoginseng

qian cao 茜草 radix Rubiae
(E) Regulate Blood: Invigorate Blood

shui zhi 水蛭 Hirudo

chuan xiong 川芎 rhizoma Chuanxiong

ru xiang 乳香 Olibanum

mo yao 没药 Myrrha

yu jin 鬱金 radix Curcumae

e zhu 莪朮 rhizoma Zedoariae

dan shen 丹参 radix Salviae Miltiorrhizae
(F) Transform Phlegm-cold

ban xia 半夏 rhizoma Pinelliae

tian nan xing 天南星 rhizoma Arisaematis

bai jie zi 白芥子 semen Sinapis Albae

xuan fu hua 旋覆花 flos Inulae
(G) Regulate Qi

fo shou 佛手 fructus Citri Sarcodactylis

mu xiang 木香 radix Aucklandiae

wu yao 乌药 radix Linderae

xiang fu 香附 rhizoma Cyperi

ju pi (chen pi) 陈皮 pericarpium Citri Reticulatae

ju hong 橘红 exocarpium Citri Rubrum

qing pi 青皮 pericarpium Citri Reticulatae Viride

zhi ke 枳壳 fructus Aurantii

zhi shi 枳实 fructus Aurantii Immaturus

chen xiang 沉香 lignum Aquilariae Resinatum

chuan lian zhi 川楝子 fructus Toosendan

yan hu suo 延胡索 rhizoma Corydalis

xie bai 薤白 bulbus Allii Macrostemi
(H) Regulate Digestion

shan zhu yu 山茱萸 fructus Crataegi

mai ya 麦芽 fructus Hordei germinatus

gu ya 穀芽 fructus Oryzae germinatus

lai fu zi 莱菔子 semen Raphani

ji nei jin 鸡内金 endothelium corneum Gigeriae galli

shen qu 神麴 massa Fermentata Medicinalis
(I) Dispel Wind Dampness

du huo 獨活 radix Angelicae Pubescentis

wei ling xian 威靈仙 radix Clematidis

fang ji 防己 radix Stephaniae Tetrandrae

qin jiao 秦艽 radix Gentianae Macrophyllae

mu gua 番木瓜 fructus Chaenomelis

sang ji sheng 桑寄生 ramulus Taxilli

wu jia pi 五加皮 cortex Acanthopanacis

bai hua she 白花蛇 Agkistrodon seu Bungarus

hu gu 虎骨 os Tigris

wu shao she 烏梢蛇 Zaocys

cang zhu 蒼朮 rhizoma Atractylodis

hou po 厚樸 cortex Magnoliae Officinalis

huo xiang 藿香 herba Agastaches

pei lan 佩蘭 herba Eupatorii

sha ren 砂仁 fructus Amomi

bai dou kou 白豆蔻 fructus Amomi Rotundus

cao guo 草果 fructus Tsaoko
(J) Warm, pungent, Release Exterior Wind Cold

su geng 苏梗 caulis Perillae

zi su ye 苏叶 folium Perillae

xiang ru 香薷 herba Elsholtziae

jing jie 荆芥 herba Schizonepetae

fan feng 防风 radix Ledebouriellae

jiang huo 薑活 radix Angelicae Dahuricae

bai zhi 白芷 rhizoma seu radix Notopterygli

cang er zi 苍耳子 fructus Xanthii

xin yi 辛荑花 flos Magnoliae

bo he 薄荷 herba Menthae

niu bang zi 牛蒡子 fructus Arctii

can tui 蝉蜕 periostracum Cicadae

dan dou chi 淡豆豉 semen Sojae preparatum

ju hua 菊花 flos Chrysanthemi

ge gen 葛根 radix Puerariae

chai hu 柴胡 radix Bupleuri

sheng ma 升麻 rhizoma Cimicifugae

ma huang 麻黄 radix Ephedrae

gui zhi 桂枝 ramulus Cinnamomi
(K) Regulate BloodL Stop Bleeding

zhu ma gen 苧麻根 radix Boehmeriae

bai mao gen 白茅根 rhizoma Imperatae

ce bai ye 侧柏叶 cacumen Biotae

huai hua 槐花 flos Sophorae

da ji 大蓟 herba seu Radix Cirsii Japonici

xiao ji 小蓟 herba Cephalanoploris

di yu 地榆 radix Sanguisorbae

xian he cao 仙鹤草 herba Agrimoniae

bai jiang (败酱草) rhizoma Bletillae

qian cao 茜草 radix Rubiae

ai ye 艾叶 folium Artemisiae Argyi

pu huang 蒲黄 pollen Typhae
(L) Drain Dampness

fu ling 茯苓 Poria

zhu ling 豬苓 Polyporus Umbellatus

ze xie 澤瀉 rhizoma Alismatis

yi yi ren 薏苡仁 semen Coicis

che qian zi 车前子 semen Plantaginis

hua shi 滑石 Talcum

mu tong 木通 caulis Akebiae

jin qian cao 金钱草 herba Lysimachiae

tong cao 通草 medulla Tetrapanacis

shi wei 石苇 folium Pyrrosiae

yin chen hao 茵陈蒿 herba Artemisiae Scopariae

bi xie 萆薢 rhizoma Dioscoreae Septemlobae
(M) Drain Fire

shi gao 石膏 gypsum Fibrosum

zhi mu 知母 rhizoma Anemarrhenae

tian hua fen 天花粉 radix Trichosanthis

lu gen 芦根 rhizoma Phragmitis

huang lian 黄莲 rhizoma Coptidis

huang qin 黄芩 radix Scutellariae

huang bai 黄柏 cortex Phellodendri

zhi zi 梔子 fructus Gardeniae

long dan cao 龙胆草 radix Gentianae

xia ku cao 夏枯草 spica Prunellae

ku shen 苦参 radix Sophorae Flavescentis

jue ming zi 决明子 semen Cassiae
(N) Relieve Fire Toxins

jin yin hua 金银花 flos Lonicerae

ren dong teng 忍冬藤 caulis Lonicerae

lian qiao 连翘 fructus Forsythiae

pu gong ying 蒲公英 herba Taraxaci

zi hua di ding 紫花地丁 herba Violae

da qing ye 大青叶 folium Isatidis

qing dai 青黛 indigo Naturalis

ban lan gen 板蓝根 radix Isatidis

chuan xin lian 穿心莲 herba Andrographitis

yu xing cao 鱼腥草 herba Houttuyniae

shan dou gen 山豆根 radix Sophorae Tonkinensis

she gan 射干 rhizoma Belamcandae

ma chi xian 马齿莧 herba Portulacae

bai tou weng 白头翁 radix Pulsatillae

hong teng 红藤 caulis Sargentodoxae

qin pi 秦皮 cortex Fraxini
(O) Cool Blood

shui niu jiao 水牛角 cornu Bubali

sheng di huang 生地黄 radix Rehmanniae

xuan shen 玄参 radix Scrophulariae

xi jiao 西角 cornu Rhinocerotis

bai jiang 败酱草 herba Patriniae

mu dan pi 牡丹皮 cortex Moutan Radicis

chi shao 赤芍 radix Paeoniae Rubra

zi cao 紫草 radix arnebiae seu lithospermi

(P) Cleasr Deficient Heat

qing hao 青蒿 herba Artemisiae Annuae

bai wei 白薇 radix cynanchi Atrati

di gu pi 地骨皮 cortex Lycii Radicis

yin chai hu 銀柴胡 radix Stellariae
(Q) Purge Downwards, Cathartically Drain Downwards

da huang 大黃 radix et rhizoma Rhei

mang xiao 芒硝 natrii Sulfas

fan xie ye 番瀉葉 folium Sennae

da ma ren 大麻仁 fructus Cannabis

gan sui 甘遂 radix Kansui

yu li ren 郁李仁 semen Pruni

da ji 大戟 radix Euphorbiae Pekinensis

yuan hua 芫花 flos Genkwa

qian niu zi 牽牛子 semen Pharbitidis
(R) Warm Interior and Expel Cold

rou gui 肉桂 cortex Cinnamomi

wu zhu yu 吴茱萸 fructus Evodiae

xi xin 细辛 herba Asari

hua jiao 花椒 pericarpium Zanthoxyli

ding xiang 丁香 flos Caryophylli

gao liang jiang 高莨姜 rhizoma Alpiniae Officinarum

xiao hui xiang 小茴香 fructus Foeniculi

fu zi 地肤子 radix Aconiti Lateralis Preparata

chuan wu tou 川乌头 radix Aconiti

cao wu tou 草乌头 radix Aconiti Kusnezoffiae

wu tou 乌头 radix Aconiti Lateralis Preparata

gan jiang 乾薑 rhizoma Zingiberis
(S) Expel Parasites

shi jun zi 使君子 fructus Quisqualis

da fu pi 大腹皮 pericarpium Arecae

lei wan 雷丸 Omphalia

ku lian pi 苦莲皮 cortex Meliae

nan gua zi 南瓜子 semen Cucurbitae

he cao ya 鹤草牙 gemma Agrimoniae

he shi fructus Carpesii

guan zhong 贯眾（贯仲） rhizoma Dryopteris Crassirhizomae

fei zi 榧子 semen Torreyae
(T) Calm Shen

long gu 龙骨 os Draconis

suan zao ren 酸枣仁 semen Ziziphi Spinosae

yuan zhi 远志 radix Polygalae

bai zi ren 柏子仁 semen Biotae
(U)Extinguish Internal Wind and Stop Tremors

mu li 牡蠣 concha Ostreae

zhen zhu 珍珠 Magarita

zhen zhu mu 珍珠母 concha Margaritifera Usta

dai zhe shi 代赭石 Haematitum

ling yang jiao 铃羊角 cornu Saigae Tataricae

tian ma 天麻 rhizoma Gastrodiae
(V) Open Orifices

she xiang 麝香 Moschus

niu huang 牛黄 calculus Bovis

Bing Pian 冰片 borneolum Syntheticum

su he xiang 苏合香 Storax

shi chang pu 石菖蒲 rhizoma Acori Graminei

(1)The terms used here reflect typical TCM usage (as translated literally from individual Chinese characters), and may not reflect their meanings in TCM, namely, meanings that are normative, figurative or metaphorical when read in context. The meanings of these terms are therefore different from that in common English usage. In particular, they are not to be used for purposes of self-diagnosis, much less for self-medication. For example, "Xia Huo" means "To reduce fire", but "fire" here does not refer to combustion involving oxygen. Even within TCM, there are various meanings of "fire", and it can refer to "real" or "false" fire. The 3 herbs mentioned above cannot be used to reduce "false fire", or fires of yin deficiency in the zhang organs.

(2) An example of the non-literal use of transliterated characters is "long gu" which literally means "dragon bones". This term cannot possible refer to Chinese dragons, since they do not exist. However, one can easily buy "long gu" from any TCM herbal shop. Another term that cannot be taken literally is "di long" which literally means "earth dragon".

(3) Although the above herbs are common in TCM prescriptions, they cannot be purchased if we refer only to their Latin names. One likely reason is that TCM pharmacists rarely, if ever, use the Latin names of the herbs. The Chinese names, or the transliterated names (pinyin) should be used instead. For example, if we ask for "flos Lonicerae" we will almost certainly get a blank look. However, if we ask for "Jin Yin Hua" or 金银花 we will connect immediately, even though the pharmacist may speak any of the large number of Chinese dialects (such as Cantonese, where the herb is known as "Kum Gen Fa", or Golden Silver Flower, in Hong Kong). Wherever possible, use the written form (金银花) to avoid miscommunication and/or mis-pronunciation, since there is no dialect form of the written language.

(4) There are a large number of synonyms of the herb names, in both Chinese, English and Latin. This makes it even more essential to use the written form of the Chinese names to ensure accuracy.

(5) Some herbs are prone to adulteration, substitution, or both. For example, Ling Zhi Cao (Cordyceps) can be substituted with an inactive form of the herb. If an extract is first made with water, the herb will be tasteless when dried and re-used/recycled. On the other hand, the genuine Ling Zhi tastes bitter, but few consumers would know the difference, especially if the herb is mixed in a prescription and boiled together with other herbs. The pharmacists themselves may not be aware, as some may trust their suppliers implicitly, and do not conduct regular testing.

(6) Animal-based "herbs" are prone to substitution or adulteration, including Xiong Dan (bear bile / gall bladder) which looks very much like Niu Dan (bovine bile /gall bladder) when the gall bladder is dried, although Niu Dan is far less bitter in taste. Some are simply unavailable because they are banned in many countries. These include tiger parts, such as Hu Gu (tiger bone) which is substituted by bobcat bone, and Chuan San Jia (scales of the pangolin) which has no animal-based substitute. Niu Huang (bovine gallstone) is unavailable in many Western countries and Singapore because of its potential impact on pregnant women, although Niu Huang Pills with about 2% of Niu Huang are available in many Asian countries.

King's Peak

King's Peak is a mountain that can be found on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada. It is near the Gold River in Strathcona Provincial Park.

Mount Overill

Mount Overill is a volcanic mount in the southwestern part of British Columbia in Canada.

List of volcanoes in Canada

The following is a list of volcanoes in Canada, by territory:



Béhasque-Lapiste

Béhasque-Lapiste is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in southwest France.

Communes of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department

The following is a list of the 547 communes of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in France, by letter:

Aast, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Aast, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

The D311 and D64 roads pass through the commune.

Aast is on the border of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department.



Abidos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Abidos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Abitain

Abitain is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Abos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Abos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Abère

Abère is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "department" in southwestern France.

Accous

Accous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France. In 2014 it had a population of 463 people.

Agnos

Agnos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ahaxe-Alciette-Bascassan

Ahaxe-Alciette-Bascassan is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ahetze

Ahetze is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aincille

Aincille is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ainharp

Ainharp is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ainhice-Mongelos

Ainhice-Mongelos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ainhoa, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Ainhoa, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aldudes

Aldudes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Alos-Sibas-Abense

Alos-Sibas-Abense is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Alçay-Alçabéhéty-Sunharette

Alçay-Alçabéhéty-Sunharette is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Amendeuix-Oneix

Amendeuix-Oneix is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Amorots-Succos

Amorots-Succos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ance

Ance is a former commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Ance Féas.

Andoins

Andoins is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Andrein

Andrein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Angaïs

Angaïs is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Anglet

Anglet is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Basque Country.

Angous

Angous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Anhaux

Anhaux () is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.


Anos

Anos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in southwest France.

Anoye

Anoye is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aramits

Aramits is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine, in southwestern France.

The people living in Aramits are called "Aramitsiens" or "Aramitsiennes".

At the 2009 Census, the commune had a population of 677.

Arancou

Arancou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Araujuzon

Araujuzon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Araux

Araux is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arbonne

Arbonne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arbouet-Sussaute

Arbouet-Sussaute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arbus, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Arbus, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arbérats-Sillègue

Arbérats-Sillègue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arcangues

Arcangues is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aren

Aren is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aressy

Aressy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.


Arette

Arette is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France. 

Argagnon

Argagnon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Argelos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Argelos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arget

Arget is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arhansus

Arhansus is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Armendarits

Armendarits is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arnos

Arnos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arnéguy

Arnéguy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aroue-Ithorots-Olhaïby

Aroue-Ithorots-Olhaïby is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in southwestern France.

Arrast-Larrebieu

Arrast-Larrebieu is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France. It is in the former province of Soule. It is mostly agricultural.

Arraute-Charritte

Arraute-Charritte is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arricau-Bordes

Arricau-Bordes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arrien

Arrien is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arros-de-Nay

Arros-de-Nay is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arrosès

Arrosès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arthez-d'Asson

Arthez-d'Asson is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arthez-de-Béarn

Arthez-de-Béarn () is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Artigueloutan

Artigueloutan is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Artiguelouve

Artiguelouve is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Artix, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Artix, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arudy

Arudy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Arzacq-Arraziguet

Arzacq-Arraziguet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Asasp-Arros

Asasp-Arros is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ascain

Ascain is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ascarat

Ascarat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Assat

Assat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Asson

Asson is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aste-Béon

Aste-Béon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Astis

Astis is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Athos-Aspis

Athos-Aspis is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aubertin

Aubertin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aubin, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Aubin, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aubous

Aubous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Audaux

Audaux is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Auga

Auga is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Auriac, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Auriac, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aurions-Idernes

Aurions-Idernes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aussevielle

Aussevielle is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aussurucq

Aussurucq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Auterrive

Auterrive is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Autevielle-Saint-Martin-Bideren

Autevielle-Saint-Martin-Bideren is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aydie

Aydie is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.


Aydius

Aydius is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ayherre

Ayherre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Aïcirits-Camou-Suhast

Aïcirits-Camou-Suhast is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Baigts-de-Béarn

Baigts-de-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Balansun

Balansun is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Baleix

Baleix is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Baliracq-Maumusson

Baliracq-Maumusson is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Baliros

Baliros is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Banca, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Banca, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Barcus

Barcus is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "department" in southwestern France.

Bardos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Bardos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Barinque

Barinque is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.



Barraute-Camu

Barraute-Camu is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Barzun, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Barzun, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bassillon-Vauzé

Bassillon-Vauzé is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bassussarry

Bassussarry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bastanès

Bastanès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Baudreix

Baudreix is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bayonne

Bayonne (Gascon "Baiona"; ; ) is a city and commune in southwestern France at the confluence of the Nive and Adour rivers, in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department, of which it is a subprefecture.

Bayonne has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Bayonne is surrounded by the "communes" Boucau, Tarnos (in the Landes department), Lahonce, Mouguerre, Saint-Pierre-d'Irube, Villefranque, Bassussarry and Anglet.

With a population of 47,492, Bayonne has a population density of inhabitants/km.

The inhabitants of Bayonne are known, in French, as "Bayonnais" (women: "Bayonnaises").

Bayonne is a "sous-préfecture" in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department since 1800. It is also the capital of three "cantons".

Bayonne is twinned with:



Bedous

Bedous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bellocq

Bellocq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bentayou-Sérée

Bentayou-Sérée is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bergouey-Viellenave

Bergouey-Viellenave is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Bernadets

Bernadets is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Berrogain-Laruns

Berrogain-Laruns is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Bescat

Bescat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Beuste

Beuste is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Beyrie-en-Béarn

Beyrie-en-Béarn is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Beyrie-sur-Joyeuse

Beyrie-sur-Joyeuse is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Biarritz

Biarritz is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Basque Country.

It has an oceanic climate ("Cfb" in the Koeppen climate classification).

Bidache

Bidache is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Bidarray

Bidarray is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Bidart

Bidart is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Bidos

Bidos is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Bielle

Bielle is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bilhères

Bilhères is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Billère

Billère is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Biriatou

Biriatou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Biron, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Biron, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bizanos

Bizanos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Boeil-Bezing

Boeil-Bezing is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bonloc

Bonloc is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bonnut

Bonnut is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Borce

Borce is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bordes, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Bordes, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bordères

Bordères is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bosdarros

Bosdarros is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Boucau

Boucau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Boueilh-Boueilho-Lasque

Boueilh-Boueilho-Lasque is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bougarber

Bougarber is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bouillon, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Bouillon, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Boumourt

Boumourt is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bourdettes

Bourdettes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwest France.

Bournos

Bournos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Briscous

Briscous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bruges-Capbis-Mifaget

Bruges-Capbis-Mifaget is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bugnein

Bugnein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bunus

Bunus is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Burgaronne

Burgaronne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Buros

Buros is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Burosse-Mendousse

Burosse-Mendousse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bussunarits-Sarrasquette

Bussunarits-Sarrasquette is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bustince-Iriberry

Bustince-Iriberry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Buziet

Buziet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Buzy, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Buzy, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "department" in southwest France.

Bédeille, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Bédeille, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.


Béguios

Béguios is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Béhorléguy

Béhorléguy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bénéjacq

Bénéjacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Béost

Béost is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bérenx

Bérenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bésingrand

Bésingrand is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Bétracq

Bétracq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

 

Cabidos

Cabidos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Cadillon

Cadillon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Cambo-les-Bains

Cambo-les-Bains is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Came, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Came, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Camou-Cihigue

Camou-Cihigue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Cardesse

Cardesse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Carresse-Cassaber

Carresse-Cassaber is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Carrère

Carrère is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwest France.

Castagnède, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Castagnède, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Casteide-Cami

Casteide-Cami is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Casteide-Candau

Casteide-Candau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Casteide-Doat

Casteide-Doat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Castet

Castet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Castetbon

Castetbon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Castetnau-Camblong

Castetnau-Camblong is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Castetner

Castetner is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Castetpugon

Castetpugon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Castillon (Canton of Arthez-de-Béarn)

Castillon (Canton of Arthez-de-Béarn) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the southwestern France.

Castillon (Canton of Lembeye)

Castillon (Canton of Lembeye) is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Castéra-Loubix

Castéra-Loubix is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Castétis

Castétis is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Caubios-Loos

Caubios-Loos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Cescau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Cescau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Cette-Eygun

Cette-Eygun is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Charre

Charre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Charritte-de-Bas

Charritte-de-Bas is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Chéraute

Chéraute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ciboure

Ciboure is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Claracq

Claracq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Coarraze

Coarraze is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.


Conchez-de-Béarn

Conchez-de-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Corbère-Abères

Corbère-Abères is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Coslédaà-Lube-Boast

Coslédaà-Lube-Boast is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Coublucq

Coublucq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Crouseilles

Crouseilles is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Cuqueron

Cuqueron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Denguin

Denguin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Diusse

Diusse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Doazon

Doazon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Dognen

Dognen is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Domezain-Berraute

Domezain-Berraute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Doumy

Doumy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Eaux-Bonnes

Eaux-Bonnes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Escos

Escos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Escot

Escot is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Escou

Escou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France. It is notable for a that it is believed by the locals to have healing properties.

Escoubès

Escoubès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Escout

Escout is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Escurès

Escurès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Eslourenties-Daban

Eslourenties-Daban is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Espelette

Espelette is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques departement in southwest France.

Espiute

Espiute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in southwest France.


Espoey

Espoey is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Espès-Undurein

Espès-Undurein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Espéchède

Espéchède is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Esquiule

Esquiule is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Estialescq

Estialescq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Estos

Estos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Estérençuby

Estérençuby is a commune in Pyrénées-Atlantiques in southwest France.

Etcharry

Etcharry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Etchebar

Etchebar is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Etsaut

Etsaut is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Eysus

Eysus is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Fichous-Riumayou

Fichous-Riumayou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Féas

Féas is a former commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Ance Féas.

Gabaston

Gabaston is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Gabat

Gabat is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Gamarthe

Gamarthe is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Gan, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Gan, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Its mayor has been Mr Francis Pèes (Right Wing ; also Vice President of the Communauté d'agglomération de Pau-Pyrénées) since 2014, a former CEO of a construction company.

Garindein

Garindein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Garlin

Garlin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Garlède-Mondebat

Garlède-Mondebat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Garos

Garos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Garris

Garris is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Gayon

Gayon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Gelos

Gelos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ger, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Ger, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Gerderest

Gerderest is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Gestas, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Gestas, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Geüs-d'Oloron

Geüs-d'Oloron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Gomer, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Gomer, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Gotein-Libarrenx

Gotein-Libarrenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Goès

Goès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Guiche, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Guiche, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Guinarthe-Parenties

Guinarthe-Parenties is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" and the Aquitaine region in the southwestern part of France.

The Saison river, which joins the gave d'Oloron, crosses the commune's land.



Paul Raymond said in 1385 that Guinarthe had 13 feux, Parenties had 9. They depended upon the Sauveterre bailiwick. There was an abbey in Parenties.

Guinarthe et Parenties joined on June 20 1842, and on May 16 1845.

"Guinarthe" was called 
"Guinarte" (1385 ), 
"Guinarta" (around 1540 ), 
"Sanctus Martinus de Guinarte" (1612 ), 
"Parenties-Guinarthe" when it joined Parenties on June 20 1842 and
"Guinarthe-Parenties" on May 16 1845.
Parenties" existed as 
"Paranthies" (1385), 
"Paranthias" (around1540) and 
"Saint-Pierre de Paranties" (1612 ).

The béarnais name is "Guinarte-Parentias".

Mostly agricultural activities.

There are two churches in this commune: one is in Guinarthe, the other in Parenties.

Gurmençon

Gurmençon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Gurs

Gurs is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Guéthary

Guéthary is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Gère-Bélesten

Gère-Bélesten is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.


Géronce

Géronce is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Géus-d'Arzacq

Géus-d'Arzacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Hagetaubin

Hagetaubin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Halsou

Halsou is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Hasparren

Hasparren is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Haut-de-Bosdarros

Haut-de-Bosdarros is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Haux, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Haux, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Hendaye

Hendaye is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Basque Country.

Herrère

Herrère is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Higuères-Souye

Higuères-Souye is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Hosta, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Hosta, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Hours, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Hours, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Hélette

Hélette is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "department" in southwest France.

Ibarrolle

Ibarrolle is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Idaux-Mendy

Idaux-Mendy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Idron

Idron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Igon

Igon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in southwest France.

Iholdy

Iholdy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ilharre

Ilharre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Irissarry

Irissarry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Irouléguy

Irouléguy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ispoure

Ispoure is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Issor

Issor is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.


Isturits

Isturits is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Itxassou

Itxassou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Izeste

Izeste (also spelled Iseste) is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Jasses

Jasses is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Jatxou

Jatxou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Jaxu

Jaxu is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Jurançon

Jurançon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Juxue

Juxue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

L'Hôpital-Saint-Blaise

L'Hôpital-Saint-Blaise is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

L'Hôpital-d'Orion

L'Hôpital-d'Orion is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

La Bastide-Clairence

La Bastide-Clairence is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Labastide-Cézéracq

Labastide-Cézéracq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Labastide-Monréjeau

Labastide-Monréjeau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Labastide-Villefranche

Labastide-Villefranche is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Labatmale

Labatmale is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Labatut, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Labatut, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Labets-Biscay

Labets-Biscay is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Labeyrie, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Labeyrie, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lacadée

Lacadée is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lacarre

Lacarre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lacarry-Arhan-Charritte-de-Haut

Lacarry-Arhan-Charritte-de-Haut is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Lacommande

Lacommande is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lacq

Lacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lagor

Lagor is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lagos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Lagos, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Laguinge-Restoue

Laguinge-Restoue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lahonce

Lahonce is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lahontan, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Lahontan, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lahourcade

Lahourcade is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lalongue

Lalongue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lalonquette

Lalonquette is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lamayou

Lamayou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lanne-en-Barétous

Lanne-en-Barétous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lannecaube

Lannecaube is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lanneplaà

Lanneplaà is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lantabat

Lantabat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Larceveau-Arros-Cibits

Larceveau-Arros-Cibits is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Laroin

Laroin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Larrau

Larrau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Larressore

Larressore is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Larreule, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Larreule, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Larribar-Sorhapuru

Larribar-Sorhapuru is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Laruns

Laruns is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lasclaveries

Lasclaveries is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lasse, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Lasse, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lasserre, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Lasserre, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lasseube

Lasseube is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lasseubetat

Lasseubetat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lay-Lamidou

Lay-Lamidou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Laà-Mondrans

Laà-Mondrans is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Laàs

Laàs is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lecumberry

Lecumberry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ledeuix

Ledeuix is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

As of 2017, Ledeuix has a population of 1,032.

Lembeye

Lembeye is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lescar

Lescar is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lescun

Lescun is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lespielle

Lespielle is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lespourcy

Lespourcy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lestelle-Bétharram

Lestelle-Bétharram is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lichans-Sunhar

Lichans-Sunhar is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lichos

Lichos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Licq-Athérey

Licq-Athérey is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Limendous

Limendous is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "department" in southwest France.

Livron

Livron is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Lohitzun-Oyhercq

Lohitzun-Oyhercq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lombia

Lombia is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lons

Lons is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lonçon

Lonçon is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Loubieng

Loubieng is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Loubieng has a total area of 23.4 square kilometers.

Louhossoa

Louhossoa is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lourdios-Ichère

Lourdios-Ichère is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lourenties

Lourenties is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Louvie-Juzon

Louvie-Juzon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Louvie-Soubiron

Louvie-Soubiron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Louvigny, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Louvigny, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Luc-Armau

Luc-Armau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lucarré

Lucarré is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lucgarier

Lucgarier is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lucq-de-Béarn

Lucq-de-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lurbe-Saint-Christau

Lurbe-Saint-Christau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lussagnet-Lusson

Lussagnet-Lusson is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Luxe-Sumberraute

Luxe-Sumberraute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lys, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Lys, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lème

Lème is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lée

Lée is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Lées-Athas

Lées-Athas is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Léren

Léren is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Macaye

Macaye is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Malaussanne

Malaussanne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Mascaraàs-Haron

Mascaraàs-Haron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Maslacq

Maslacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Masparraute

Masparraute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Maspie-Lalonquère-Juillacq

Maspie-Lalonquère-Juillacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Maucor

Maucor is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Mauléon-Licharre

Mauléon-Licharre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Maure, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Maure is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "department" in southwest France.

Mazerolles, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Mazerolles, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Mazères-Lezons

Mazères-Lezons is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "department" in southwestern France.

Meillon

Meillon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Mendionde

Mendionde is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in southwest France.

Menditte

Menditte is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Mendive

Mendive is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Mesplède

Mesplède is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Mialos

Mialos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Miossens-Lanusse

Miossens-Lanusse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Mirepeix

Mirepeix is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Momas

Momas is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Momy

Momy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Monassut-Audiracq

Monassut-Audiracq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Moncaup, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Moncaup, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.


Moncayolle-Larrory-Mendibieu

Moncayolle-Larrory-Mendibieu is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Moncla

Moncla is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Moncla has a total area of 5.8 square kilometers.

Monein

Monein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Monpezat

Monpezat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Monségur, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Monségur, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Mont, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Mont, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Mont-Disse

Mont-Disse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Montagut, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Montagut, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Montaner

Montaner is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Montardon

Montardon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Montaut, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Montaut, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Montfort, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Montfort, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Montory

Montory is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Morlanne

Morlanne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Morlaàs

Morlaàs is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Mouguerre

Mouguerre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Mouhous

Mouhous is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Moumour

Moumour is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.


Mourenx

Mourenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Musculdy

Musculdy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Méharin

Méharin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Méracq

Méracq is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "department" in southwest France.

Méritein

Méritein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Nabas, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Nabas, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Narcastet

Narcastet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

The D37 and D437 roads pass through the commune.

Narp

Narp is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Navailles-Angos

Navailles-Angos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Navarrenx

Navarrenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Nay, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Nay, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Noguères

Noguères is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Nousty

Nousty is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ogenne-Camptort

Ogenne-Camptort is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France. It is made up of two ancient (very old) French towns: Camptort and Ogenne. They were combined (made into one) on May 12, 1841.

According to Pierre de Marca, a famous historian, the name "Ogenne" can be traced back to the 11th century. It was first called "Ogene" in the 11th century, then "Oiena" in the 13th century. In around 1350 it was called "Sent-Jacme d'Ojenne", and in 1385 it was called "Oyene." Finally in 1548 it was called "Ogena".

The name "Camptort" comes from the 13th century. It was first called "Campus tortus" in 1235. It was called some other names: "Cam-tort" (1385), "Quamptort" (1540), "Sanctus Stephanus de Camptort" (1674), "Cantor" (1755), and "Camptor" (1793.)

Two streams run through the town. One stream is the Saley, a tributary of the Gave d'Oloron (a river). The other stream is the Laà, a tributary of the Gave de Pau (also a river.)

Ogeu-les-Bains

Ogeu-les-Bains is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Oloron-Sainte-Marie

Oloron-Sainte-Marie is a city and commune in southwestern France in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department, of which it is a sub-prefecture.

In 1858, the "communes" of Saint-Marie-Legugnon and Oloron were combined to make the new "commune" of Oloron-Sainte-Marie.

Oloron-Sainte-Marie is situated at the feet of the Pyrénées, to the south of Pau, from the Spanish border and from the Atlantic Ocean.

The "commune" has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Through Oloron-Sainte-Marie flows the Gave d'Oloron formed by the confluence of two rivers: the Gave d'Aspe and the Gave d'Ossau that merge to form the Gave d'Oloron. The word gave is a name given to rivers on the mountains in regions of the western Pyrenees.

With a population of 10,794, Oloron-Sainte-Marie has a population density of inhabitants/km.

The inhabitants of Oloron-Sainte-Marie are known, in French, as "Oloronais" (women: "Oloronaises").

Oloron-Sainte-Marie is a "sous-préfecture" in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department since 1800. It is also the capital of two "cantons":

Oloron-Sainte-Marie is twinned with:



Oraàs

Oraàs is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ordiarp

Ordiarp is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Orin, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Orin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Orion, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Orion, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Orriule

Orriule is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Orsanco

Orsanco is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Orthez

Orthez is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Orègue

Orègue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Os-Marsillon

Os-Marsillon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ossas-Suhare

Ossas-Suhare is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Osse-en-Aspe

Osse-en-Aspe is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.


Ossenx

Ossenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Osserain-Rivareyte

Osserain-Rivareyte is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ossès

Ossès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ostabat-Asme

Ostabat-Asme is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ouillon

Ouillon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ousse

Ousse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ozenx-Montestrucq

Ozenx-Montestrucq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Pagolle

Pagolle is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Parbayse

Parbayse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Pardies

Pardies is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Pardies-Piétat

Pardies-Piétat is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Peyrelongue-Abos

Peyrelongue-Abos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Piets-Plasence-Moustrou

Piets-Plasence-Moustrou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Poey-d'Oloron

Poey-d'Oloron is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Poey-de-Lescar

Poey-de-Lescar is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Pomps

Pomps is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ponson-Debat-Pouts

Ponson-Debat-Pouts is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ponson-Dessus

Ponson-Dessus is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Pontacq

Pontacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Pontiacq-Viellepinte

Pontiacq-Viellepinte is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Portet

Portet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Pouliacq

Pouliacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Poursiugues-Boucoue

Poursiugues-Boucoue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Préchacq-Josbaig

Préchacq-Josbaig is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Préchacq-Navarrenx

Préchacq-Navarrenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Précilhon

Précilhon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Puyoô

Puyoô is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ramous

Ramous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ribarrouy

Ribarrouy is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Riupeyrous

Riupeyrous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Rivehaute

Rivehaute is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Rontignon

Rontignon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Roquiague

Roquiague is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Rébénacq

Rébénacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Abit

Saint-Abit is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Armou

Saint-Armou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Boès

Saint-Boès is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Castin

Saint-Castin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Dos

Saint-Dos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Esteben

Saint-Esteben is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Faust

Saint-Faust is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Girons-en-Béarn

Saint-Girons-en-Béarn is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Saint-Gladie-Arrive-Munein

Saint-Gladie-Arrive-Munein is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Saint-Goin

Saint-Goin is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Jammes

Saint-Jammes is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.


Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port

Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Jean-Poudge

Saint-Jean-Poudge is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Jean-de-Luz

Saint-Jean-de-Luz is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Basque Country.

Saint-Jean-le-Vieux, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Saint-Jean-le-Vieux, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Just-Ibarre

Saint-Just-Ibarre is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Laurent-Bretagne

Saint-Laurent-Bretagne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Martin-d'Arberoue

Saint-Martin-d'Arberoue is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Martin-d'Arrossa

Saint-Martin-d'Arrossa is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Michel, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Saint-Michel, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Médard, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Saint-Médard, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Saint-Palais, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Saint-Palais, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Pierre-d'Irube

Saint-Pierre-d'Irube is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Pé-de-Léren

Saint-Pé-de-Léren is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle

Saint-Pée-sur-Nivelle is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.

Saint-Vincent, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Saint-Vincent, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saint-Étienne-de-Baïgorry

Saint-Étienne-de-Baïgorry is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sainte-Colome

Sainte-Colome is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.


Sainte-Engrâce

Sainte-Engrâce is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in southwest France.

Salies-de-Béarn

Salies-de-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Salles-Mongiscard

Salles-Mongiscard is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sallespisse

Sallespisse is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sames, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Sames, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Samsons-Lion

Samsons-Lion is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sare

Sare is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

It is about to the east of Saint-Jean-de-Luz and the Atlantic Ocean. It is in the western foothills of the Pyrenees.

Sarpourenx

Sarpourenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sarrance

Sarrance is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saubole

Saubole is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Saucède

Saucède is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sauguis-Saint-Étienne

Sauguis-Saint-Étienne () is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.


Sault-de-Navailles

Sault-de-Navailles is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sauvagnon

Sauvagnon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sauvelade

Sauvelade is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sauveterre-de-Béarn

Sauveterre-de-Béarn is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sedze-Maubecq

Sedze-Maubecq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sedzère

Sedzère is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sendets, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Sendets, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Serres-Castet

Serres-Castet is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Serres-Morlaàs

Serres-Morlaàs is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Serres-Sainte-Marie

Serres-Sainte-Marie is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Simacourbe

Simacourbe is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Siros, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Siros, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Soumoulou

Soumoulou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Souraïde

Souraïde is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Suhescun

Suhescun is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sus, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Sus, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Susmiou

Susmiou is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Séby

Séby is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Séméacq-Blachon

Séméacq-Blachon is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sévignacq

Sévignacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Sévignacq-Meyracq

Sévignacq-Meyracq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Tabaille-Usquain

Tabaille-Usquain is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Tadousse-Ussau

Tadousse-Ussau is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Tardets-Sorholus

Tardets-Sorholus is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Taron-Sadirac-Viellenave

Taron-Sadirac-Viellenave is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Tarsacq

Tarsacq is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Thèze, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Thèze, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Trois-Villes

Trois-Villes is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "department" in southwest France. 138 people lived there in 2016.

Uhart-Cize

Uhart-Cize is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Uhart-Mixe

Uhart-Mixe is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Urcuit

Urcuit is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Urdos

Urdos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Urdès

Urdès is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "department" in southwest France.

Urepel

Urepel is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Urost

Urost is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Urrugne

Urrugne is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Urt

Urt is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Ustaritz

Ustaritz is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Uzan, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Uzan, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Uzein

Uzein is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Uzos

Uzos is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Verdets

Verdets is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.



Vialer

Vialer is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Viellenave-d'Arthez

Viellenave-d'Arthez is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Viellenave-de-Navarrenx

Viellenave-de-Navarrenx is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Vielleségure

Vielleségure is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Vignes, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Vignes, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Villefranque, Pyrénées-Atlantiques

Villefranque, Pyrénées-Atlantiques is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Viodos-Abense-de-Bas

Viodos-Abense-de-Bas is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Viven

Viven is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques "département" in the southwestern part of France.

Çaro

Çaro (; ) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.

Rocket engine

A rocket engine is a device that produces a force by pushing gases at high speed out of a nozzle. Rocket engines usually burn chemicals such as petrochemicals and liquid oxygen at very high pressures and temperatures to turn their chemical energy into motion of the rocket. In some cases (such as the Rocketdyne F-1), the force created can be over .

A garden hose shows how moving fluid can create a force. When a hose is turned up, the hose will snake around unless it is held still. The water which is leaving the hose, is creating a force on the hose just like how the gases coming out of a rocket engine push on the rocket engine. This principle can be explained by Newton's third law.

Some rocket engines burn liquid fuels while some burn solid fuels. Solid fuel rocket engines are sometimes called "solid rocket motors".

Liquid fuel rocket engines often require complex pumps and valves to properly move (and pressurize) the liquids from the fuel tank to the actual engine. These machines must work in extreme temperatures and pressures. Liquid oxygen is very cold (-223˚C) while the engine is very hot (3000˚C), and the pressure is oftentimes hundreds of times higher than the surrounding air pressure. Because of these conditions, liquid fuel rocket engines are often very complex, expensive, and require very specialised materials (metal alloys, ceramics, etc.).

Solid fuel rocket motors have the fuel (called propellant) as a solid mixture of an oxidizer and fuel. An oxidizer supports the burning of fuel much like oxygen supports burning. The common oxidizer is powdered Ammonium Perchlorate, while the common fuel is powdered aluminum metal. The two powders are stuck together with a third component known as the binder. The binder is a rubbery solid that also burns as a fuel. Since their design is so simple, solid rocket engines are usually much cheaper than other rocket engines, but their main disadvantage is that they cannot be turned off, their control is very limited, and they are more likely to explode than liquid rocket engines. Solid rockets also provide a smaller specific impulse (a measure of efficiency for rocket engines), hence must be heavier to launch the same payload.

Military missiles commonly use solid rockets because they can be kept ready for many years, unlike liquid rockets, which require a lot of expensive maintenance, are less reliable, and cannot be kept fully fueled for long periods of time. Many satellite and rocket launchers use solid rocket boosters when they start, but use liquid rockets for the rest of the flight. 

Hybrid rocket engines combine the two ideas. The two propellants are different states of matter, often with liquid oxidisers and solid fuels. They are not used very often, but may be safer than solid rocket motors or liquid rocket engines.

Nozzle

A nozzle is a device that takes incoming fluid (such as gas or liquid) and increases the speed. This is done by changing the size of the pipe (or tube) that the fluid is flowing through.

 - Origine of the .

Penny Black

The Penny Black was the world's first adhesive postage stamp. It was issued by the United Kingdom on the 1 May 1840 and used from the 6 May the same year. All London post offices received official issues of the new stamps, but other offices in the country did not. Some post offices like in Bath, offered the stamp unofficially after 2 May. 

Once the stamps were used, they had a red cancellation. However, it was hard to see, and it could easily be taken off. It is not very rare. The total print run was 286,700 sheets with 68,808,000 stamps. A mint condition stamp might fetch £3–4,000. 


Penny Red

The Penny Red was a postage stamp issued in 1841 to replace the Penny Black. It was the main type of postage stamp in the United Kingdom until 1879. The design was hardly changed at all. 

The colour was changed from black to red because it was hard to see the red cancellation mark on the Penny Black. It was easier to see a black cancelling on a Penny Red. It is not a very rare stamp.


Succession to the British throne

The line of succession to the British throne is the order in which members of the royal family would come to the throne if the reigning king or queen died.

At present the first in line is William, Prince of Wales, and then Prince William's eldest child, Prince George of Wales.

Traditionally, males came before females in the line of succession. However, the law changed on 26 March 2015, so at present, for people born after 28 October 2011 the succession is decided only by age: older children come before younger children. This system of inheritance is called absolute primogeniture, as opposed to male-preference primogeniture. When someone who is in line to the throne has a child, that child comes after them and their older children, but before anyone else in the line of succession.

Excluded from the line of succession are Catholics and illegitimate children.

No official, complete version of the line of succession is maintained. The exact number, in more remote collateral lines, of the people who would be eligible is uncertain. In 2001, American genealogist William Addams Reitwiesner compiled a list of 4,973 living descendants of the Electress Sophia in order of succession without omitting Roman Catholics. When updated in January 2011, the list included 5,753.

The annotated list below covers the first part of this line of succession, being limited to descendants of the sons of King George V, King Charles III's great-grandfather. The order of the first twenty-three numbered in the list, all descendants of Queen Elizabeth II, is given on the official website of the British monarchy; other list numbers and exclusions are explained by annotations and footnotes below. People named in italics are unnumbered either because they are deceased or because sources report them to be excluded from the succession.


Two Penny Blue

The Two Penny Blue (or 2d Blue) was the world’s second official adhesive postage stamp. It was issued in the United Kingdom in May 1840. It was more or less the same as the Penny Black. 

It was intended that the 2d blue was to be issued at the same time as the Penny Black. However the earliest post mark seen on a Two Penny Blue was the 8 May 1840 which is two days after the penny black was issued. The Two Penny Blue is much rarer and more expensive than the Penny Black.


Penny Lilac

The Penny Lilac was a postage stamp in Great Britain. It was first issued on 12 July 1881. It was used until 1901. This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria's reign, and huge numbers were printed.


WrestleMania 2000

WrestleMania 2000 (also known as WrestleMania XVI) was the sixteenth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It happened on April 2, 2000 at the Arrowhead Pond arena in Anaheim, California. This WrestleMania is different from others, because it is the only WrestleMania not to feature at least one standard one on one wrestling match. It is also the only WrestleMania to use the year in its name.


Lucas Sang

Lucas Sang (February 12, 1961 - January 1, 2008) was a Kenyan runner who raced at the Olympic Games in 1988. He and his team made it to the final of the 4X100 relay race. 

Sang was killed in Kenya during the riots about the election. He was killed when a group of men threw stones and rocks at him. His body was later burned.
Fiesole

Fiesole is a town in Tuscany, near Florence. In 2003, 14.100 people lived there.

Mugello region

Mugello is a landscape in northern Italy. Mugello is north of Florence. The Santerno River's valley is nearby. The two valleys are separated by the Futa Pass (a path or way to cross over the mountain between those two valleys).

In ancient times it was on the border between the area settled by the Ligurians (also called the Magelli tribe), the Etruscans and the Gauls. The Roman colonization left very few signs behind because the Mugello was mostly an agricultural area. In the Middle Ages it was home to many castles. Later on, Mugello was taken over by the Republic of Florence. Several families of the city built villas (large houses) there. They were similar to ones built by the Medici royal family.


Friar

Friars are special monks that do a service to a community and that lead a simple life, rather than living like ascets in a monastery.

There are two classes of orders known as friars, or mendicant orders: the four "great orders" and the so-called "lesser orders". 

The four great orders were mentioned by the Second Council of Lyons (1274), and are:


The lesser orders are: 

Carmelites

The Order of the Brothers of Our Lady of Mount Carmel or Carmelites (sometimes simply Carmel; ) is a Roman Catholic religious order. It was begun in the 12th century on Mount Carmel, from which the order receives its name. St. Albert of Jerusalem gave the group its rule for life in 1206. Few clear records of early Carmelite history have survived. Women were officially accepted into the Order as nuns in 1452.

Samael

Samael () (also Sammael and Şamil) is an archangel in Talmudic and post-Talmudic beliefs and stories, as well as Christian tradition and demonology. There are also other religions that believe in stories of Samael. It is said that he was the guardian angel of Esau and a patron of the sinful empire of Rome. 

Samael is often compared to Satan because he often has grim and destructive duties. He is often considered a fallen angel, like Satan and the chief of the evil spirits. One of Samael's roles in Jewish beliefs is that of the Angel of Death. In this belief, he is a fallen angel but remains one of the Lord's servants. As a good angel, Samael supposedly lives in the seventh heaven, although he is said to be the chief angel of the fifth heaven. 

The website Catholic.org says Samael is a "Power", which means he is the chief of many warrior angels.

Powers are warrior angels against evil, who defend the world and people. They fight against evil spirits who attempt to bring chaos through human beings. The chief is said to be either Samael or Camael, both angels of darkness.

In Jewish beliefs, Sammael is said to be the Angel of Death, the ruler of the Fifth Heaven, and one of the seven regents of the world served by two million angels; he resides in the Seventh Heaven. "Yalkut I, 110" of the Talmud says Samael is Esau's guardian angel. In "Sotah 10b", Samael is Esau's guardian angel.

In the "Sayings of Rabbi Eliezer", he is said to be the one who tempted Eve, then seduced and impregnated her with Cain. Some sources identify Gadreel as the angel that seduced Eve; although other Hebrew scholars say that it was Samael who tempted Eve as the Serpent. 

Samael is also sometimes said to be the angel who wrestled with Jacob, and also the angel who held back the arm of Abraham as he was about to sacrifice his son.

According to "The Ascension of Moses" (Chapter IV - Aggadah - The Legend of The Jews - By Louis Ginzberg) Samael is also mentioned as being in 7th Heaven:

"In the last heaven Moses saw two angels, each five hundred parasangs in height, forged out of chains of black fire and red fire, the angels Af, "Anger," and Hemah, "Wrath," whom God created at the beginning of the world, to execute His will. Moses was disquieted when he looked upon them, but Metatron embraced him, and said, "Moses, Moses, thou favorite of God, fear not, and be not terrified," and Moses became calm. There was another angel in the seventh heaven, different in appearance from all the others, and of frightful mien. His height was so great, it would have taken five hundred years to cover a distance equal to it, and from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet he was studded with glaring eyes, at the sight of which the beholder fell prostrate in awe. "This one," said Metatron, addressing Moses, "is Samael, who takes the soul away from man." "Whither goes he now?" asked Moses, and Metatron replied, "To fetch the soul of Job the pious." Thereupon Moses prayed to God in these words, "O may it be Thy will, my God and the God of my fathers, not to let me fall into the hands of this angel."

In "The Holy Kabbalah" (Arthur Edward Waite, 255), Samael is described as the "severity of God", and is listed as fifth of the archangels of the world of Briah. Samael is said to have married Lilith after she left Adam. According to Zoharistic cabala, Samael was also mated with Eisheth Zenunim, Na'amah, and Agrat Bat Mahlat - all angels of prostitution.

Samael is sometimes confused in some books with Camael, an archangel of God, whose name means "He who sees God".


Samael is shown as a character in the Megami Tensei video game series. The archangel is shown in the games as a blood-red serpent. He is a member of the Vile Clan and is a persona of the Death Arcana. 

In the Silent Hill video games, Samael is the name of one of the town's gods. He is shown as an anthropomorphic goat.

In the film Hellboy, one of the main characters is a giant hell-hound called Sammael, who Hellboy nicknames "Sammy".

In Lucifer, the TV and comic series, Samael is Lucifer Morningstar's original name before he left Heaven. 

Samael plays an important role in the central plot of the first Darksiders title.

In the web cartoon Purgatony, Samael judges the souls of the dead while working in an office in Purgatory.

In the manga and anime Blue Exorcist, Samael is the true name of the demon Mephistopheles, and he is a son of Satan as well as a brother of Lucifer. As in biblical legend, he displays both good and evil aspects, but is the demon of Time rather than of Death.

Orvieto

Orvieto is a city in Umbria. As of 2008, about 21,000 people lived there. The city has a history going back to Roman times.

Santa Croce, Florence

The Basilica di Santa Croce (Basilica of the Holy Cross) is the main Franciscan church in Florence, Italy. It is a minor basilica of the Roman Catholic Church. It is situated on the Piazza di Santa Croce, about 800 metres south east of the Duomo. When the site was chosen, it was a marshland outside the city walls. Many very famous Italians, such as Michelangelo, Galileo, Machiavelli, Foscolo, Gentile, Rossini, and Marconi are buried inside the church. For this reason, the church is also known as the "Pantheon of the Italian Glories" ("Tempio dell'Itale Glorie" or "Pantheon dell'Itale Glorie").

Halo (song)

"Halo" is a song by American singer Beyoncé. It was written by Ryan Tedder, Evan Bogart and Knowles for her third studio album, "I Am... Sasha Fierce". In the United States, the song was released on January 20, 2009 as the album's fourth single. Even before its official release the song debuted on the "Billboard" Pop 100 at number 87. Glee covered it with random mashup

The song mentions Beyoncé's husband Jay-Z. It was a successful song worldwide, reaching the Top 10 in several countries.

Ryan Tedder wrote the song for Leona Lewis to sing. However, in an interview, Leona Lewis stated that she did not have the time to record the track for her album and felt that it better suited Beyoncé.

The video premiered exclusively on iTunes on December 23, at the same time as the music video for "Diva".

Ian Gillan

Ian Gillan (born 19 August 1945) is the lead singer for the heavy metal band Deep Purple. He is famous for his high-pitched falsettos and the ability to reach notes much higher than most people. He also wrote lyrics to many of their famous songs, including "Smoke on the Water." Gillan is also noted for singing the part of Jesus on the original rock opera concept album "Jesus Christ Superstar". Gillan later became lead singer of Black Sabbath.

Ottawa River

The Ottawa River is a river in Ontario and Quebec, Canada. Most of it is on the border of Ontario and Quebec. The city of Ottawa gets its name from this river.

The Ottawa River starts at Lake Capimitchigama in Quebec. It flows west to Lake Timiskaming, where it begins to define the border between Ontario and Quebec. From Lake Timiskaming the river flows southeast to Ottawa and Gatineau where it tumbles over the Chaudière Falls. The Rideau and Gatineau Rivers flow into the Ottawa River here. The Ottawa River drains into the Lake of Two Mountains and the St. Lawrence River at Montreal. The total length of the river is 1,271 km.

Dandy

A dandy (also known as a beau or gallant) is a man who dresses elegantly and fashionably, but that was not necessarily of aristocratic origin. He exaggerates his manners, including the way he stands and moves, and the way he speaks. He promotes himself. This is called dandyism. The word 'Dandy' was originally a version of 'Andrew'. The female equivalent is a "dandizette".

The word "dandy" first came out in the Scottish verse of about 1780:
<poem>I've heard my granny crack
O' sixty twa years back
When there were sic a stock of Dandies O.</poem>

Dandies in the 18th and 19th centuries in the United States and Great Britain were often men from middle-class backgrounds who were trying to become people from high society.

The model, or archetype, of a dandy was Beau Brummell from the Regency period of George IVth. He was a friend of the then Prince of Wales. Lord Byron is also an example. The writer Oscar Wilde is another, later example. Less extreme versions were the American artist who lived in London, James McNeill Whistler, and the French composer Maurice Ravel. "The Scarlet Pimpernel" is a famous example from literature.

Today, in the 21st century, the word "dandy" is often used as a joke word to mean "fine" or "great".

Robert Costanza

Robert Costanza (born 14 September, 1950) is an American ecological economist and the Gund Professor of Ecological economics and Director of the Gund Institute for Ecological Economics at the University of Vermont. 

Robert Costanza was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He studied architecture and urban and regional planning from the University of Florida and got a Masters degree. He received his Ph.D. from the University of Florida in 1979 in systems ecology, with a minor in economics. 

In 1982 he was selected as a Kellogg National Fellow, in 1992 he was awarded the Society for Conservation Biology Distinguished Achievement Award and in 1993 he was selected as a Pew Scholar in Conservation and the Environment. In 1998 he was awarded the Kenneth Boulding Memorial Award for Outstanding Contributions in Ecological Economics. In 2000 he received an honorary doctorate in natural sciences from Stockholm University. 

Before he moved to Vermont in August 2002, he was director of the University of Maryland, College Park Institute for Ecological Economics, and a professor in the Center for Environmental Science, at Solomons, and in the Biology Department at College Park. 
Costanza is co-founder and past-president of the International Society for Ecological Economics (ISEE) and was chief editor of the society’s journal "Ecological Economics" from its inception until 9/02. He serves on the editorial board of eight other international academic journals. He is president of the International Society for Ecosystem Health. 

Dr. Costanza's research has focused on the interface between ecological and economic systems. This includes landscape level spatial simulation modeling; analysis of energy and material flows through economic and ecological systems; valuation of ecosystem services, biodiversity, and natural capital; and analysis of dysfunctional incentive systems and ways to correct them. 

Costanza is the author or co-author 16 books. and over 300 scientific papers. Books, a selection: 


His work has been cited in more than 1700 scientific articles since 1987 (according to the Science Citation Index) and more than 80 interviews and reports on his work have appeared in various media, including Newsweek, US News and World Report, the Economist, the New York Times, Science, Nature, National Geographic, and National Public Radio.


Ifriqiya

In medieval history, Ifriqiya or Ifriqiyah () was the area of the coastal regions of what are today western Libya, Tunisia, and eastern Algeria. This area included what had been the Roman province of Africa.
In modern Arabic, the term simply means "Africa". It comes from the Latin term "Africa". 


Roman province

In Ancient Rome, a province (Latin, "provincia", pl. "provinciae") was the basic and, until around 300, largest territorial and administrative unit of the empire's territorial possessions outside of the peninsula of Italy. The word "province" in modern English came from the term used by the Romans.



Bring Me the Horizon

Bring Me the Horizon are a British metalcore band from Sheffield, Yorkshire, England. The band was formed in 2004 from members of other bands within their local area. They play a style of music that combines rock and metalcore, but they have taken on a more rock style with their latest album. Their album in 2006 called "Count Your Blessings" was a deathcore album and often people nickname that type of music "Screamo". The band's name comes from a Pirates of the Caribbean quote.


Africa Province

The Roman province of Africa was established after the Romans defeated Carthage in the Third Punic War. It roughly includeded the territory of present-day northern Tunisia, north-eastern Algeria and the Mediterranean coast of modern-day western Libya along the Syrtis Minor. The Arabs later named roughly the same region as the original province Ifriqiya, an other word for "Africa".

The prosperity of most towns depended on agriculture. Called the "granary of the empire", North Africa, according to one estimate, produced one million tons of cereals each year, one-quarter of which was exported. Additional crops included beans, figs, grapes, and other fruits. By the second century, olive oil rivaled cereals as an export item. In addition to the cultivation of slaves, and the capture and transporting of exotic wild animals, the principal production and exports included the textiles, marble, wine, timber, livestock, pottery and wool.


Third Punic War

The Third Punic War (149 BC to 146 BC) was the third and last of the Punic Wars. It was fought between the former Phoenician colony of Carthage, and the Roman Republic.

The war was a much smaller engagement than the two previous Punic Wars, and was mostly just the Romans attacking the city of Carthage in the Battle of Carthage. The Romans killed or captured all the people living inside of the city and tore down the buildings. They did this because they hated the Carthaginians after fighting two other wars with them, and didn't want to fight another, so they totally destroyed them.


Punic Wars

The Punic Wars were a series of conflicts fought between Rome and Carthage between 264 and 146 BC. They were probably the largest wars in the ancient world. The term "Punic" comes from the Latin word "Punicus" (or "Poenicus"). This was the word the Romans used for the Carthaginians, due to their Phoenician ancestry. 

The main cause of the Punic Wars was the clash of interests between the existing empire of Carthage and the expanding Roman Republic. What was at stake was control of the trading around the Mediterranean sea. Carthage lost the three wars.

Carthage was a trading nation founded by Phoenicians. It was the dominant sea power in the western Mediterranean. It was a maritime empire, in contrast to the land-based Roman empire. The Romans decided they needed Sicily, which was then in Carthaginian hands. The consequence was a series of wars which lasted over a hundred years, and ended in the utter destruction of Carthage.


Scooby-Doo (character)

Scooby-Doo is the main character in the long running series "Scooby-Doo". He is a talking Great Dane who loves eating food. His best friend is Shaggy.

Scooby was first voiced by Don Messick. Messick continued to play Scooby until he died. Then Scott Innes started to play Scooby Doo instead. Since 2002, Frank Welker started playing Scooby. 

Notts County F.C.

Notts County Football Club is a football club in Nottingham, England, and also the oldest professional association football club in the world. The club now plays in Football League One of the EFL, part of the English football league system. ""The Magpies"" play at the Meadow Lane stadium in black and white striped shirts.

The club has also played many times in the top division of English football, the most recent in 1991–92, when they played in the last season of the old First Division before the creation of the Premier League.

Well-known past managers of Notts County have been Jimmy Sirrel, Neil Warnock, and Sam Allardyce.

Notts County started in 1862. The club was started before The Football Association and in the beginning they played a game with club rules, rather than association football. When it started, Notts County, like most sports teams, were considered to be a "gentlemen-only" club. Notts County are thought to be to be one of the starters of the current game, even being credited with the invention of the offside trap. Notts County is the oldest of the world's professional association football clubs (There are older professional clubs in other codes of football.)

The club in the beginning played at Park Hollow at Nottingham Castle. In December 1864, the decision was made to play games against outside teams, and it was decided that the club needed to find a larger stadium. After playing at several places, The Magpies settled at Trent Bridge Cricket Ground in 1883. When the ground was used for Cricket, they played at Castle Ground or Nottingham Forest's Town Ground. The club moved to their current stadium, Meadow Lane, in 1910.

In 1888, Notts County, along with eleven other football clubs, became a founding member of The Football League. They finished their first league season in eleventh place. Notts County got their highest ever league finish of third in 1890-91, and they also finished third ten seasons later.

On 25 March 1891, Notts County reached the FA Cup final for the first time but did not win. They lost 3-1 to Blackburn Rovers.

Notts County made up for this in 1894, when they won the FA Cup at Goodison Park for the first time in their history. The Magpies beat Bolton Wanderers 4-1 and Jimmy Logan scored the first hat-trick in FA Cup final history. Notts County became the first club outside the top division to win the FA Cup - they finished in third place in the Second Division that season.


La Paz, Baja California Sur

La Paz is the largest and capital city of the state of Baja California Sur, Mexico. The city had a census population in 2010 of 215,178 people.

Gringo Gazette

The Gringo Gazette is a newspaper in the English language founded by Carrie Duncan, published every other week for the American expatriate communities in Baja California and Baja California Sur, Mexico.

It has been published since 2001. Most of its contributors are Americans living in Mexico or Americans with a second home in Mexico. Most of the subscribers of this newspaper are located in San Felipe, La Paz and Cabo San Lucas.

2 Girls 1 Cup

2 Girls 1 Cup is the unofficial nickname of the trailer for Hungry Bitches, a 2007 Brazilian scat fetish pornographic film produced by MFX Media. The video features two women defecating into a cup, taking turns eating their feces, and vomiting it into each other's mouths. "Lovers Theme" from Hervé Roy's Romantic Themes album released by Tele Music in 1992 plays throughout the trailer.

This one-minute viral video became a well-known Internet meme among bloggers and message boards due to its viewers reaction to its content. Around mid-October of 2007, video sites such as YouTube were flooded with videos showing others reactions to squirting in the video for the first time.

The video came from a Brazilian, Marco Fiorito, who talks of himself as a "compulsive fetishist". Fiorito first produced foot fetish videos but soon moved on to coprophagia. The movie was made by MFX-Video, one of several businesses owned by Fiorito. Fiorito says his movies are legal in Brazil, but authorities in the United States have branded some of his movies as dirty and filed charges against Danilo Croce, a Brazilian lawyer living in Florida, listed as an officer of a company shipping Fiorito's movies in the United States. Croce accepted a plea bargain and was sentenced to 3 years of unsupervised probation and forfeiture of $98,000. Fiorito said he did not know his movies were illegal in the United States and that his movies often contained chocolate instead of feces to appease some of his actors who were willing to appear in scat movies but not actually eat fecal matter.

The first few seconds of the 2 Girls 1 Cup video contain the text "MFX 1209" (the product code for "Hungry Bitches") and the URL mfxvideos.com. The website is Fiorito's MFX-Video. This causes some in the media to incorrectly believe the video is one of the many Croce had to surrender to the Department of Justice but was somehow leaked in the process.

2 Girls 1 Cup's spread because of the reactions it causes. Hundreds of videos exist on YouTube of users showing the original video to their friends and recording their reactions. Even Joe Rogan, host of "Fear Factor", a show known for the nasty things its players eat, had to turn away in a reaction video posted to his blog. A reaction video starring Kermit the Frog proved very popular on the Digg. In January 2008, "Slate" magazine wrote about the reaction video with a slideshow about the reactions.

In a episode of "Family Guy", Brian makes Stewie react to 2 Girls 1 Cup and he gets grossed out about it as mentioned as a cutaway.

Violet Blue, an author, stated this website as becoming "the new 'tubgirl' and goatse all in one nasty moment of choco-poo-love" in a "San Francisco Chronicle" article.

WWE No Way Out

WWE No Way Out is a yearly pay-per-view made by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). The event is usually produced in February and is typically the last pay-per-view before WrestleMania. The first "No Way Out" event was in 1998 as an In Your House event, called . The event did not take place in 1999, 2010 or 2011 but was brought back in 2000 and 2012.

"Note: (c) - Refers to the champion before the match occurred."


Ansonia, Connecticut

Ansonia is a city in Connecticut in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 18,918 people lived there.

Bridgeport, Connecticut

Bridgeport is a city of Connecticut in the United States. It is the most populated city in the state of Connecticut with a population of 148,654 as of 2020. It is also the fifth largest city in New England, and part of the New York combined statistical area.

The very first Subway restaurant was opened in Bridgeport.


Bristol, Connecticut

Bristol is a city in Connecticut in the United States. ESPN's headquarters are there. It is southwest of Hartford. Its population, as of 2020, is 60,833. It has 10 elementary schools, 3 middle schools, and 2 high schools.

Danbury, Connecticut

Danbury is a city in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. It is northeast of New York City making it part of the New York metropolitan area. Danbury's population at the 2020 census was 86,518.

The city is named for Danbury in Essex, England. It is nicknamed the "Hat City".

Derby, Connecticut

Derby is a city in Connecticut in the United States.

Groton (city), Connecticut

Groton is a city in Connecticut in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 9,387 people lived there.

Meriden, Connecticut

Meriden is a city in Connecticut in the United States.

Middletown, Connecticut

Middletown is a city in Connecticut in the United States.

Milford, Connecticut

Milford is a city in Connecticut in the United States.

Professional wrestler Goldust was born in Milford.

New Britain, Connecticut

New Britain is a city in Connecticut in the United States.

New London, Connecticut

New London is a city in Connecticut in the United States. The United States Coast Guard Academy is in the city.


Norwalk, Connecticut

Norwalk is a city in Connecticut in the United States. In 2020, 91,184 people lived in Norwalk, making it the third largest city in Fairfield County and the sixth largest city in Connecticut.

Norwich, Connecticut

Norwich is a city in Connecticut in the United States.

Shelton, Connecticut

Shelton is a city in Connecticut in the United States.

Stamford, Connecticut

Stamford () is a city in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. At the 2020 census, 135,470 people lived in Stamford. It the third-largest city in the state (behind Bridgeport and New Haven). It is about from Manhattan.

Torrington, Connecticut

Torrington is a city in the U.S. state of Connecticut.

West Haven, Connecticut

West Haven is a city in Connecticut in the United States.

Winsted, Connecticut

Winsted is a city in Connecticut in the United States.

Delaware City, Delaware

Delaware City is a city in Delaware in the United States. It is in New Castle County in the north part of the state. Delaware City had 1,885 people in 2020.

Harrington, Delaware

Harrington is a city in Delaware in the United States. It is in the southwest part of Kent County, which is in the middle of the state. Harrington had 3,774 people in 2020.


Lewes, Delaware

Lewes ( ) is a city in Delaware in the United States. It is in Sussex County, which is in the south part of the state. The city is next to the Delaware Bay and is near the Atlantic Ocean. Lewes had 3,303 people in 2020.

Milford, Delaware

Milford is a city in Delaware in the United States. It is on the line of Kent County to the north and Sussex County to the south. Milford had 11,190 people in 2020.

New Castle, Delaware

New Castle is a city in Delaware in the United States. It is next to the Delaware River in New Castle County, which is in the north part of the state. New Castle had 5,551 people in 2020.

Newark, Delaware

Newark is a city of Delaware in the United States. It is in New Castle County, which is in the north part of the state. The city has the University of Delaware. Newark had 30,601 people in 2020.

Rehoboth Beach, Delaware

Rehoboth Beach is a city in Delaware in the United States. It is next to the Atlantic Ocean in Sussex County, which is in the south part of the state. Rehoboth Beach had 1,108 people in 2020.

There is an amusement park in Rehoboth Beach called Funland.

Seaford, Delaware

Seaford is a city in Delaware in the United States. It is in Sussex County, which is in the south part of the state. Seaford had 7,957 people in 2020.

Page replacement algorithm

Certain operating systems use paging to get virtual memory. This means that a part of the hard disk or a file is used so that the applications or the operating system see more memory that is actually there. A Page replacement algorithm is an algorithm that decides which pages should be written to disk or file, when a new page needs to be allocated. 

Some of the algorithms used are:


Alachua, Florida

Alachua is a city of Florida in the United States.

Altamonte Springs, Florida

Altamonte Springs is a city of Florida in the United States. The population of this town was 46,231 in 2020.

Anna Maria, Florida

Anna Maria is a city in Florida in the United States.

Apalachicola, Florida

Apalachicola is a city of Florida in the United States.

Apopka, Florida

Apopka is a city of Florida in the United States.

Arcadia, Florida

Arcadia is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of DeSoto County.

Archer, Florida

Archer is a city of Florida in the United States.

Atlantis, Florida

Atlantis is a city in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States.

Page cache

A page cache or disk cache is a buffer of pages certain operating systems keep in memory. These operating systems usually use paging. 
The page cache uses virtual memory techniques to cache file data as pages rather than as file system oriented blocks. Caching file data is far more efficient than caching through physical disks blocks. Several systems - including Solaris, Linux, and Windows NT, 2000, and XP - use page caching to cache both process pages and file data. This is known as Unified Virtual Memory.

Auburndale, Florida

Auburndale is a city in Polk County, Florida of the United States.

Avon Park, Florida

Avon Park is a city in Highlands County, Florida, United States.

Bartow, Florida

Bartow is a city of Florida in the United States. NFL player Ray Lewis was born in Bartow. It is the county seat of Polk County.

Bay Lake, Florida

Bay Lake is a city of Florida in the United States.

Belle Glade, Florida

Belle Glade is a small city of Palm Beach County, Florida in the United States on the south shore of Lake Okeechobee. To the north of Belle Glade is another small city called Pahokee. In 2020, the number of people living in Belle Glade was 16,698.

Dendrobates

Dendrobates is a genus of poison dart frogs which are protected by warning colouration. They are highly poisonous.

The yellow-banded poison dart frog, "Dendrobates leucomelas", is one of the most common species, found in the northern part of South America in Venezuela, Guyana and Brazil.

Belle Isle, Florida

Belle Isle is a city of Florida in the United States.

Belleair Beach, Florida

Belleair Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Belleview, Florida

Belleview is a city of Florida in the United States. It is part of the Ocala Metropolitan Statistical Area. The name Belleview means beautiful view. The name of the city came from one of the first settlers whose daughter was named “Belle”.

The city had a population of 5,413 people in the 2020 census.

Blountstown, Florida

Blountstown is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Calhoun County.

Blountstown has a total area of 3.2 square miles.

Boca Raton, Florida

Boca Raton is a city in Southern Palm Beach County, Florida. Boca Raton is has the second highest number of people in Palm Beach County. As of 2020, the city of Boca Raton had nearly 100,000 people living within the city. The southern end of the city borders Deerfield Beach in Broward County. The mayor of Boca Raton is Scott Singer.

The main campuses of Florida Atlantic University and Everglades University are in Boca Raton. The headquarters of Office Depot is also in the city.


Bonifay, Florida

Bonifay is the county seat of Holmes County, Florida in the United States.

Bonita Springs, Florida

Bonita Springs is a city of Florida in the United States.

Bowling Green, Florida

Bowling Green is a city in Florida in the United States.

Boynton Beach, Florida

Boynton Beach is a city in Palm Beach County, Florida, United States. The population was 80,380 at the 2020 census. Boynton Beach had the second highest population in the county. Boynton Beach was founded in 1920.


User Datagram Protocol

The User Datagram Protocol (UDP) is a core member of the Internet Protocol Suite, the set of network protocols used for the Internet. With UDP, computer applications can send messages, known as "datagrams", to other hosts on an Internet Protocol (IP) network without requiring other communications to set up special transmission channels or data paths. UDP is sometimes called the Universal Datagram Protocol. The protocol was designed by David P. Reed in 1980 and formally defined in .

UDP applications use datagram sockets to establish host-to-host communications. Sockets bind the application to service ports that functions as the endpoints of data transmission. A port is a software structure that is identified by the port number, a 16 bit integer value, allowing for port numbers between 0 and 65,535. Port 0 is reserved, but is able to be used if the sending process does not expect messages in response.

Ports 1 through 1023 (hexadecimal 0x3FF) are named "well-known" ports and on Unix-like operating systems, binding to one of these ports requires superuser (root) access.

Ports 1024 through 49,151 (0xBFFF) are registered ports.

Ports 49,152 through 65,535 (0xFFFF) are used as temporary ports usually by clients when communicating to servers.

There are many uses for UDP, for example BitTorrent optionally uses it for peer-to-peer file sharing. The Teredo tunneling protocol uses UDP.



Bradenton, Florida

Bradenton is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Manatee County.

Bradenton has a total area of 17.5 square miles.

Bradenton Beach, Florida

Bradenton Beach is a city in Florida in the United States.

Bristol, Florida

Bristol is a city of Liberty County in the state of Florida in the United States.

Brooksville, Florida

Brooksville is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Hernando County.

Brooksville has a total area of 11.3 square miles.

Bunnell, Florida

Bunnell is a city in Flagler County, Florida in the United States.

Bushnell, Florida

Bushnell is a city in Sumter County, Florida, United States. The population was 3,047 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Sumter County.

Callaway, Florida

Callaway is a city of Florida in the United States.

Callaway has a total area of 9.5 square miles.

Cape Canaveral, Florida

Cape Canaveral is a city of Florida in the United States.


Cape Coral, Florida

Cape Coral is a city in Lee County, Florida in the United States. In 2020, 194,016 people lived in the city.

Carrabelle, Florida

Carrabelle is a city of Florida in the United States.

It is in the Florida county of Franklin. Franklin county is on the Gulf of Mexico. It is in the western part of the state. The Carrabelle river flows through Carrabelle. Carrabelle is at the end of the waterway that is called the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway. This waterway goes west to Texas. 

Casselberry, Florida

Casselberry is a city of Florida in the United States.

Cedar Key, Florida

Cedar Key is a city of Florida in the United States.

Cedar Key has a total area of 2.2 square miles.

Center Hill, Florida

Center Hill is a city of Florida in the United States.

Center Hill has a total area of 6.5 square miles.

Chattahoochee, Florida

Chattahoochee is a city in Gadsden County, Florida in the United States.

Chiefland, Florida

Chiefland is a city of Florida in the United States.

Chipley, Florida

Chipley is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Washington County.

Clermont, Florida

Clermont is a city in Lake County, Florida in the United States. The city is famous for the Citrus Tower.

Clewiston, Florida

Clewiston is a city of Florida in the United States.

Cocoa, Florida

Cocoa is a city of Florida in the United States. The city had a population of 19,041 at the 2020 census. The city was first settled by fishermen around 1860, who named it Indian River City. The name would eventually be changed to Cocoa.

Coconut Creek, Florida

Coconut Creek is a city of Florida in the United States. In 2020, 57,833 people lived there.

Coleman, Florida

Coleman is a city of Florida in the United States.

Cooper City, Florida

Cooper City is a city of Florida in the United States. Greg Ross is mayor. 

Coral Gables, Florida

Coral Gables is a city of Florida in the United States.

Crescent City, Florida

Crescent City is a city of Florida in the United States.

Crescent City has a total area of 2.4 square miles.

Crestview, Florida

Crestview is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the seat of Okaloosa County.



Crystal River, Florida

Crystal River is a city of Florida in the United States.

Crystal River has a total area of 8.1 square miles.

Cutler Bay, Florida

Cutler Bay is a city of Florida in the United States. The area covers about 9.7 square miles. Before, people called it Cutler Ridge. In 2020, the city had a total population of 45,425.

Dade City, Florida

Dade City is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Pasco County.

Dade City has a total area of 6.9 square miles.

Dania Beach, Florida

Dania Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Davenport, Florida

Davenport is a city of Florida in the United States.

Davenport has a total area of 4.2 square miles.

Daytona Beach, Florida

Daytona Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.


Daytona Beach Shores, Florida

Daytona Beach Shores is a city of Florida in the United States.

DeBary, Florida

DeBary is a city of Florida in the United States.

DeBary was created in 1993.

DeFuniak Springs, Florida

DeFuniak Springs is a city of Florida in the United States.

DeLand, Florida

DeLand is a city of Florida in the United States.

Deerfield Beach, Florida

Deerfield Beach is a city of Broward County, Florida in the United States.

Delray Beach, Florida

Delray Beach is a city of Florida in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 66,846 people lived there.

Deltona, Florida

Deltona is a city of Florida in the United States.

Destin, Florida

Destin is a city of Florida in the United States.

Doral, Florida

Doral is a city in north Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. It is a suburb of Miami. The population was 75,874 at the 2020 U.S. Census. Doral is very close to Miami International Airport. This has encouraged local and big business, and the headquarters of many large companies are in Dorel, including Carnival Corporation, Amadeus North America and the Dutch airline Martinair.

Dunedin, Florida

Dunedin is a city of Florida in the United States. The name comes from "Dùn Èideann", the Scottish Gaelic name for Edinburgh, the capital of Scotland. Dunedin is part of the Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater metropolitan area and is the fifth largest city in Pinellas County. The population was 36,068 as of the 2020 census.

Dunedin has a total area of 22.94 square miles. 10.4 square miles (27 km) of it is land and 17.8 square miles (46 km) of it (63.20%) is water. Dunedin is bordered by the city of Clearwater to the south and east, the Gulf of Mexico to the west, and by Palm Harbor (an unincorporated community of Pinellas County) to the north.

Dunnellon, Florida

Dunnellon is a city of Florida in the United States.

Eagle Lake, Florida

Eagle Lake is a city of Polk County in the state of Florida, United States.

Edgewater, Volusia County, Florida

Edgewater, Volusia County is a city of Florida in the United States.

Edgewood, Florida

Edgewood is a city of Florida in the United States.

Englewood, Florida

Englewood is a city of Florida in the United States.

Englewood has a total area of 22.3 square miles.

Everglades, Florida

Everglades City is a city in Collier County, Florida. Near the bottom of Everglades is Everglades National Park.

Fanning Springs, Florida

Fanning Springs is a city of Florida in the United States. It is in Gilchrist and Levy counties.

Fellsmere, Florida

Fellsmere is a city of Florida in the United States.

Fellsmere was created in 1905.

Fernandina Beach, Florida

Fernandina Beach is the county seat of Nassau County, Florida in the United States.

Flagler Beach, Florida

Flagler Beach is a city of Florida in the United States. It is in both Flagler and Volusia counties.

Florida City, Florida

Florida City is a city of Florida in the United States.

Fort Lauderdale, Florida

Fort Lauderdale is a city in the state of Florida in the United States. It is 23 miles (37 km) north of Miami. As of 2020, the city of Fort Lauderdale had a population of 182,760.

The city is a popular tourist destination. It had 10.35 million visitors in 2006.

Despite not being below the Tropic of Cancer, Fort Lauderdale has a Tropical Rainforest (Af) Climate with a long hot year with no true dry season.

Fort Meade, Florida

Fort Meade is a city of Florida in the United States. In 2020, there were 5,100 people living there.

Fort Myers, Florida

Fort Myers is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the commercial center of Lee County, Florida.

On August 13, 2004, Fort Myers was hit hard by Hurricane Charley.

Fort Pierce, Florida

Fort Pierce is a city of Florida in the United States.

Freeport, Florida

Freeport is a city of Florida in the United States.

Freeport has a total area of 19 square miles.

Frostproof, Florida

Frostproof is a city of Florida in the United States.

Frostproof has a total area of 19.3 square miles.

Cache coherence

A cache can be used to improve the performance of accessing a given resource. When there are several such caches for the same resource, as shown in the picture, this can lead to problems. Cache coherence or Cache coherency refers to a number of ways to make sure all the caches of the resource have the same data, and that the data in the caches makes sense (called "data integrity"). Cache coherence is a special case of memory coherence.

There may be problems if there are many caches of a common memory resource, as data in the cache may no longer make sense, or one cache may no longer have the same data as the others. A common case where the problem occurs is the cache of CPUs in a multiprocessing system. As can be seen in the figure, if the top client has a copy of a memory block from a previous read and the bottom client changes that memory block, the top client could be left with an invalid cache of memory, without knowing. Cache coherence is there to manage such conflicts and maintain consistency between cache and memory.

Coherence defines the behavior of reads and writes to the same memory location. The caches are coherent, if all of the following conditions are met:


These conditions are defined supposing that the read and write operations are made instantaneously. However, this does not happen in computer hardware because of memory latency and other aspects of the architecture. A write by processor X may not be seen by a read from processor Y if the read is made within a very small time after the write has been made. The memory consistency model defines when a written value must be seen by a following read instruction made by the other processors.




Distributed shared memory systems mimic these mechanisms so that they can maintain consistency between blocks of memory in loosely coupled systems.

The two most common types of coherence that are typically studied are Snooping and Directory-based. Each has its own benefits and drawbacks. Snooping protocols tend to be faster, if enough bandwidth is available, since all transactions are a request/response seen by all processors. The drawback is that snooping is not scalable. Every request must be broadcast to all nodes in a system. As the system gets larger, the size of the (logical or physical) bus and the bandwidth it provides must grow. Directories, on the other hand, tend to have longer latencies (with a 3 hop request/forward/respond) but use much less bandwidth since messages are point to point and not broadcast. For this reason, many of the larger systems (>64 processors) use this type of cache coherence.

Fruitland Park, Florida

Fruitland Park is a city of Florida in the United States.

Graceville, Florida

Graceville is a city of Florida in the United States.

Graceville has a total area of 4.4 square miles.

Green Cove Springs, Florida

Green Cove Springs is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Clay County. As of 2020, the population recorded by the U.S. Census Bureau was 9,786.


Greenacres, Florida

Greenacres is a city of Florida in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 43,990 people lived there.

Gretna, Florida

Gretna is a city in Gadsden County, Florida in the United States.

Groveland, Florida

Groveland is a city of Florida in the United States.

Groveland has a total area of 27.5 square miles.

Gulf Breeze, Florida

Gulf Breeze is a city of Florida in the United States.

Gulf Breeze has a total area of 22.1 square miles.

Gulfport, Florida

Gulfport is a city of Florida in the United States.

Hampton, Florida

Hampton is a city in Florida in the United States.

Hawthorne, Florida

Hawthorne is a city of Florida in the United States.

Hialeah, Florida

Hialeah is a city of Florida in the United States.
Miami-Dade County Public Schools serves Hialeah. Two high schools serving the Hialeah community, Mater Academy Charter High School and Miami Lakes Educational Center, were named as "Silver" award winners in "U.S. News & World Report's" "Best High Schools 2008 Search".







Hialeah Gardens, Florida

Hialeah Gardens is a city of Florida in the United States. It is in Miami-Dade County.

High Springs, Florida

High Springs is a city of Florida in the United States.

Holly Hill, Florida

Holly Hill is a city of Florida in the United States.

Holly Hill has a total area of 4.5 square miles.

Holmes Beach, Florida

Holmes Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Holmes Beach was created in 1950.

Homestead, Florida

Homestead is a city of southeastern Florida in the United States. It was devastated when Hurricane Andrew traveled over the area in August 1992.

Barry Marshall

Barry James Marshall, AC, FRS, FAA (born 30 September 1951) is an Australian doctor and winner of the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. He is Professor of Clinical Microbiology at the University of Western Australia. Marshall is well known for proving that bacteria "Helicobacter pylori" are the cause of most stomach ulcers. This changed years of medical belief which said that ulcers were caused by stress, spicy foods, and too much acid. He took a part-time position at the Pennsylvania State University in 2007.

Marshall was born in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia. He lived in Kalgoorlie and Carnarvon until moving to Perth at the age of seven. He went to high school at Newman College, Perth. At the University of Western Australia, medicine and surgery. He married his wife, Adrienne, in 1972. In 1972 he was also the Western Australian state yo-yo champion.

In 1979 Marshall became a Registrar in Medicine at the Royal Perth Hospital. At the hospital he met Robin Warren, a pathologist who was interested in gastritis. They were both training in internal medicine at Royal Perth Hospital in 1981. Together they looked at spiral bacteria in gastritis. In 1982 they grew a culture of "H. pylori". They worked on their idea that there was a bacterial cause of peptic ulcer and stomach cancer. Their idea was laughed at by scientists and doctors who did not believe that any bacteria could live in the acidic stomach. Marshall said that "Everyone was against me, but I knew I was right". Other doctors said they wouldn't believe it until the "H. pylori" idea could be proved.

Marshall and Warren tried to give the bacteria to piglets in 1984, but it did not work. Marshall drank some of the bacteria and soon developed gastritis with achlorhydria. He had stomach discomfort, nausea, vomiting and bad smelling breath. On the 14th day of the infection, biopsies of Marshall's stomach did not show any bacteria. His body may have got rid of the bacteria without help. His wife made him take antibiotics immediately so there was no way of checking the negative result again. He did not develop antibodies to H.pylori. This means that natural immunity can sometimes get rid of H.pylori infection. His illness and recovery, showed the link between "H. pylori" and gastritis, but not for peptic ulcer. This experiment was published in 1985 in the Medical Journal of Australia and is among the most cited articles from the journal.

After this work at Fremantle Hospital, Marshall did research at Royal Perth Hospital (1985-86) and at the University of Virginia, USA (1986-1996), before going back to Australia. He held a Burnet Fellowship at the University of Western Australia from 1998-2003. He is still looking at "H. pylori" and runs the H.pylori Research Laboratory at UWA.

In 2005, the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm gave the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine to Dr. Marshall and Dr. Warren for finding the bacterium "Helicobacter pylori" and its part in gastritis and peptic ulcer disease.

Marshall was given other awards including:

He was made a Companion of the Order of Australia in 2007.




Diglossia

Diglossia is when a group of people have two languages or dialects that they use. One is the common language they use every day, and the other is either a much older version from centuries before (for example, Arabic or Chinese) or a similar but clearly different modern-day version (for example, Norwegian with Bokmål and Nynorsk).


Mutual intelligibility

Mutual intelligibility is where the speakers of one language can understand another language because they are alike. This is sometimes (but not always) used to decide whether they are different languages or different dialects.

There are noticeable differences in accent, vocabulary, and spelling between British and General American English, but speakers can largely understand each other without serious problems. These dialects are therefore mutually intelligible.

Sometimes, even different languages can be mutually intelligible.Hindi and Urdu are called different languages, but speakers of both languages can largely understand each other if they are using everyday language. This is because the two languages used to be dialects of Hindustani, the official language of British India until India became independent. Since the two languages are so alike, they are sometimes called together as Hindi-Urdu.

Also, dialects of a certain language can sometimes be mutually unintelligible. Chinese, for example, has hundreds of different dialects, and many native speakers of those dialects cannot understand each other without knowing the other's dialect. For example, the local dialects of Beijing, Shanghai, and Hong Kong are Mandarin, Shanghainese/Wu Chinese, and Cantonese/Yue in that same order. If natives from each of these cities were to talk to each other in their native dialects, they would not understand each other. This is because they are too different from each other. This is why the governments of China and Taiwan want their citizens to speak Standard Mandarin in public so that there can be a spoken dialect of Chinese everyone can understand. While the spoken dialects are mutually unintelligible, they all use the same written code, Chinese characters, so they can understand each other if they write to each other. 

These examples above show that the difference between language and dialect is often hard to define, even for linguists, or people who study languages as their job.

When a speaker of one language can understand what a speaker of another language is saying but not the other way around, it is called asymmetric intelligibility. An example of of this is Portuguese and Spanish. While Portuguese speakers say they can understand Spanish without major problems, Spanish speakers, on the other hand, have a very difficult time understanding Portuguese speakers. This situation is actually quite common across languages.

Indian Harbour Beach, Florida

Indian Harbour Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Indian Rocks Beach, Florida

Indian Rocks Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Inverness, Florida

Inverness is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Citrus County

Islandia, Florida

Islandia is a (currently unincorporated) city of Florida in the United States.

Jacksonville Beach, Florida

Jacksonville Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Jacob City, Florida

Jacob City is a city of Florida in the United States.

Jasper, Florida

Jasper is the county seat of Hamilton County, Florida in the United States.

Key Colony Beach, Florida

Key Colony Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Keystone Heights, Florida

Keystone Heights is a city of Florida in the United States.

Keystone Heights has a total area of 1 square mile.

Kissimmee, Florida

Kissimmee is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Osceola County.

La Belle, Florida

La Belle is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Hendry County.

Lake Alfred, Florida

Lake Alfred is a city of Florida in the United States.

Lake Buena Vista, Florida

Lake Buena Vista is a city in Orange County, Florida, United States. It is mostly known for being home to the Walt Disney World Resort. It is one of two Florida municipalities controlled by The Walt Disney Company. The other city is Bay Lake.

Lake Buena Vista is part of the Orlando–Kissimmee Metropolitan Statistical Area.


Lake Buena Vista is within Orange County Public Schools.



Lake Butler, Union County, Florida

Lake Butler, Union County is a city of Florida in the United States. Lake Butler is the county seat of Union County and is also the largest city in the county.

Lake Butler has a total area of 2.5 square miles.

Lake City, Florida

Lake City is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Columbia County.

Lake City has total area of 12.3 square miles.

Lake Helen, Florida

Lake Helen is a city of Florida in the United States.

In 2020, Lake Helen had a population of 2,842 people.

Lake Mary, Florida

Lake Mary is a city of Florida in the United States.

Lake Mary has a total area of 9.9 square miles.

Lake Wales, Florida

Lake Wales is a city in Polk County, Florida, United States. As of 2020, 16,361 people lived there. Lake Wales is in central Florida, west of Lake Kissimmee and east of Tampa.


Lake Worth Beach, Florida

Lake Worth Beach is a city of Florida in the United States. In 2020, 42,219 people lived there.

Lakeland, Florida

Lakeland is a city of Florida in the United States.

Largo, Florida

Largo is a city of Florida in the United States.

Largo has a total area of 19.6 square miles.

Lauderdale Lakes, Florida

Lauderdale Lakes is a city of Florida in the United States.

Laurel Hill, Florida

Laurel Hill is a city of Florida in the United States. It was once one of the first English-speaking places in Florida.

Lawtey, Florida

Lawtey is a city of Florida in the United States.

Layton, Florida

Layton is a city of Florida in the United States.

Layton has a total area of .2 square miles.

Leesburg, Florida

Leesburg is a city of Florida in the United States.

Lighthouse Point, Florida

Lighthouse Point is a city of Florida in the United States.

Live Oak, Florida

Live Oak is a city of Florida in the United States.

Longwood, Florida

Longwood is a city of Florida in the United States.

Lynn Haven, Florida

Lynn Haven is a city of Florida in the United States.

Macclenny, Florida

Macclenny is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Baker County.

Madeira Beach, Florida

Madeira Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Madison, Florida

Madison is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Madison County.

Maitland, Florida

Maitland is a city of Florida in the United States.

Marathon, Florida

Marathon is a city of Florida in the United States. It is on Knight's Key, Boot Key, Key Vaca, Fat Deer Key, Long Point Key, Crawl Key and Grassy Key islands in the middle Florida Keys, in Monroe County. As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 9,689.

The name "Marathon" started with the building of the Florida East Coast Railroad. The railroad workers were working night and day to complete the railway. Many of the workers complained that "this [the project] is getting to be a real Marathon". Later, the railroad named the closest station along the railroad "Marathon".

The city has a total area of , of which is land and (10.37%) is water. The city limits extend 1200 feet from land into the adjacent waters.

Boot Key Harbor is a natural body of water between Boot Key and Key Vaca, entirely within the Marathon city limits.

Marco Island, Florida

Marco Island is a city of Florida in the United States.

Margate, Florida

Margate is a city of Florida in the United States.

Marianna, Florida

Marianna is a city of Florida in the United States.

Mary Esther, Florida

Mary Esther is a city of Florida in the United States.

Mascotte, Florida

Mascotte is a city of Florida in the United States.

Melbourne, Florida

Melbourne is a city of Florida in the United States. The city is close to Atlantic Ocean. Melbourne is among many Atlantic coastal cities within Florida.

Mexico Beach, Florida

Mexico Beach is a city of Florida in the United States. Mexico Beach was completely wiped out because of Hurricane Michael.

Miami Beach, Florida

Miami Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.
Miami Beach is as its name tells, a resort city with many beaches, hotels and restaurants. Many celebrities maintain homes in the city, especially in the South beach area. They go to night clubs at night and enjoy the great weather during the day. The city is also home to many Hispanics who come through neighboring Miami on their way to America. Also, a very large part of the population is Jewish and many of them are observant. They have built up their own infrastructure with schools, shuls and kosher restaurants. This has made the city draw many observant tourists.

Miami Gardens, Florida

Miami Gardens is a city of Florida in the United States.

Miami Springs, Florida

Miami Springs is a city of Florida in the United States.

Midway, Gadsden County, Florida

Midway is a city in Gadsden County, Florida in the United States.

Milton, Florida

Milton is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Santa Rosa county.

Milton was created in 1844.

Minneola, Florida

Minneola is a city of Florida in the United States.

Minneola has a total area of 11.5 square miles.

Miramar, Florida

Miramar is a city of Florida in the United States. Wayne Messam became mayor of Miramar in 2015. As of the 2020 census, the population was 134,721.

Monticello, Florida

Monticello is a city of Florida in the United States.

Moore Haven, Florida

Moore Haven is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Glades County.

Mount Dora, Florida

Mount Dora is a city of Florida in the United States.

Mount Dora has a total area of 9.5 square miles.

Mulberry, Florida

Mulberry is a city of Florida in the United States.

Mulberry was created in 1901.

Naples, Florida

Naples is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Collier County. Many famous people have homes here. It is known for white-sand beaches. 

Neptune Beach, Florida

Neptune Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

New Port Richey, Florida

New Port Richey is a city of Florida in the United States.

New Smyrna Beach, Florida

New Smyrna Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Newberry, Florida

Newberry is a medium city of Florida in the United States.

Niceville, Florida

Niceville is a city of Florida in the United States.

North Bay Village, Florida

North Bay Village is a city of Florida in the United States.

North Lauderdale, Florida

North Lauderdale is a city of Florida in the United States.

North Miami, Florida

North Miami is a city in Florida in the United States. It is in Miami-Dade County. It was founded in 1926. Florida International University is located here.


North Miami Beach, Florida

North Miami Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

North Port, Florida

North Port is a city of Florida in the United States.

Oak Hill, Florida

Oak Hill is a city of Florida in the United States.

Oak Hill has a total area of 11.2 square miles.

Oakland, Florida

Oakland is a town in Orange County, Florida, United States. It is part of the Orlando–Kissimmee Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Oakland Park, Florida

Oakland Park is a city of Florida in the United States.

Ocoee, Florida

Ocoee is a city of Florida in the United States. It is in Orange County.

Okeechobee, Florida

Okeechobee is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Okeechobee County, Florida.

Oldsmar, Florida

Oldsmar is a city in Florida in the United States.

Opa-locka, Florida

Opa-locka is a city of Florida in the United States.

Orange City, Florida

Orange City is a city of Florida in the United States.

Ormond Beach, Florida

Ormond Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Osteen, Florida

Osteen is an unincorporated community of Florida in the United States. It is in the southwestern part of Volusia County.

Oviedo, Florida

Oviedo is a city of Florida in the United States.

Oviedo has a total area of 15.8 square miles.

Pahokee, Florida

Pahokee is a city of Florida in the United States and in Palm Beach County. Pahokee is on the shore of Lake Okeechobee. In 2020 5,524 people lived in Pahokee.

Palatka, Florida

Palatka is a city of Florida in the United States.

Palm Bay, Florida

Palm Bay is a city of Florida in the United States.

Palm Beach Gardens, Florida

Palm Beach Gardens is a city in Northeastern Palm Beach County, which is a county in Florida. 

Palm Coast, Florida

Palm Coast is a city in Flagler County, Florida in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 89,258 people lived there.

Palmetto, Florida

Palmetto is a city of Florida in the United States.

Panama City, Florida

Panama City is a city in the US state of Florida. It is along U.S. Highway 98 in Bay County. It is the county seat of Bay County. In 2020, 32,939 people lived there.

Panama City Beach, Florida

Panama City Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Parker, Florida

Parker is a city of Florida in the United States.

Parkland, Florida

Parkland is a city in northern Broward County, Florida. As of the 2020 census, there were 34,670 people living there. Parkland is part of the Miami metropolitan area. It is known for its zoning laws which protect "park-like" character of the city. 

Until the mid-1990s and early 2000s, there were no stores or traffic lights in Parkland. 

Parkland is located at . According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . Its land area is while it has (12.8%) of water.

The northern boundary of Parkland shares with the border between Broward and Palm Beach counties. West Boca Raton, an unincorporated area of Palm Beach County that extends west of Boca Raton's city limits and lies to the north. Coconut Creek lies to the east while Coral Springs lies to the south. Its west side shares the bounded with the Everglades.

As of 2020, there were 11,424 homes or housing units, out of which 5.0% were vacant. Of the people in Parkland, 29.7% were under the age of 18, 7.5% were 18 to 24, 20.7% were 25 to 44, 30.3% were 45 to 64, and 11.8% were 65 years of age or older.

According to a 2021 estimate, the median income for a household in the city was $177,604. This was nearly three times the median income for Florida. It is estimated that average house value was $831,364. The per capita income for the city was $63,602. 

Parkland elects a five-member City Commission. Elections are technically non-partisan.



Pembroke Pines, Florida

Pembroke Pines is a city of Florida in the United States.

Pensacola, Florida

Pensacola is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Escambia County.

As of 2020, the population was 54,312. Pensacola is the principal city of the Pensacola Metropolitan Area, which had 509,905 residents in 2020. Pensacola has one of the largest metropolitan areas in the Gulf Coast region, the largest between New Orleans and Tampa.

Perry, Florida

Perry is a city of Florida in the United States.

Pinellas Park, Florida

Pinellas Park is a city of Florida in the United States.

Pinellas Park was made in 1914.

Plant City, Florida

Plant City is a city of Florida in the United States.

Plantation, Florida

Plantation is a city of Florida in the United States.

Pompano Beach, Florida

Pompano Beach is a city in Florida in the United States.

Port Orange, Florida

Port Orange is a city of Florida in the United States.

Port Richey, Florida

Port Richey is a city in Florida, United States.

Port St. Joe, Florida

Port St. Joe is the county seat of Gulf County, Florida in the United States.

Port St. Lucie, Florida

Port St. Lucie is a city of Florida in the United States.

Punta Gorda, Florida

Punta Gorda is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Charlotte County.

Quincy, Florida

Quincy is a city in Gadsden County, Florida in the United States.

Riviera Beach, Florida

Riviera Beach is a city in Florida in the United States. It is in Palm Beach County. It is home to the Port of Palm Beach and a United States Coast Guard station.

Rockledge, Florida

Rockledge is a city of Florida in the United States.

Rockledge was created in 1887.

Safety Harbor, Florida

Safety Harbor is a city in Pinellas County, Florida, in the United States. About 17,000 people were living in Safety Harbor in the year 2020.

San Antonio, Florida

San Antonio is a city of Florida in the United States. There were 1,297 people living there according to the 2020 census.

Sanford, Florida

Sanford is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Seminole County.

Sanford was created in 1877.

Sanibel, Florida

Sanibel is a city of Florida in the United States.

Satellite Beach, Florida

Satellite Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Sebastian, Florida

Sebastian is a city of Florida in the United States.

Sebring, Florida

Sebring is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Highlands County.

Seminole, Florida

Seminole is a city in the U.S. state of Florida.

Sopchoppy, Florida

Sopchoppy is a city of Florida in the United States.

South Bay, Florida

South Bay is a city of Florida in the United States.

South Bay was created in 1941.

South Daytona, Florida

South Daytona is a city of Florida in the United States.

South Miami, Florida

South Miami is a city of Florida in the United States.

South Pasadena, Florida

South Pasadena is a city of Florida in the United States.

Springfield, Florida

Springfield is a city of Florida in the United States.

St. Augustine Beach, Florida

St. Augustine Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

St. Augustine Beach has a total area of 2.2 square miles.

St. Cloud, Florida

St. Cloud is a city in Osceola county Florida

St. Cloud was created in 1911.

St. Marks, Florida

St. Marks is a city of Florida in the United States.

St. Pete Beach, Florida

St. Pete Beach is a city in Florida in the United States.

Starke, Florida

Starke is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Bradford County.

Sunny Isles Beach, Florida

Sunny Isles Beach is a city of Florida in the United States.

Sunrise, Florida

Sunrise is a city in Florida in the United States.

Sweetwater, Florida

Sweetwater is a city of Florida in the United States.

During the 1920s, the Miami-Pittsburgh Land Company bought land near Miami. They planned to build "Sweetwater Groves." In 1926, a category 4 hurricane, (the Great Miami Hurricane), struck the area. Between the hurricane and problems with real estate value at the time, this construction never happened.

In 1938, Clyde Andrews bought most of the "Sweetwater Groves" land and began to sell it for homes. A group of Russian midgets were some of the people who bought the land. They were looking for a place to retire after their career in the circus. They built several homes on the land. These homes were not built for people of normal height. The homes were built smaller than normal so that the group would be comfortable living in them. This caused Sweetwater to be called the "midget" community for many years. Sweetwater became incorporated in 1941. . The first mayor of the town was the manager of the group of midgets. The town grew to a population of about 500 people by 1959. In 1970, Sweetwater was still a small town. Its population was about 3000.

During the 1970s, Sweetwater began to grow quickly. In 1972, Florida International University began teaching students at its campus just south of the town. Two large highways were being built in the area. One north of the town and the other to the west of it. The area also got noticed by the Dade County Hispanic community. All of this caused the population of Sweetwater to double. The town had the largest growth of all cities in Dade County during the 1970s.

The city's population is currently over 19,300 people. Ninety-three percent of the population is of Hispanic origin.


Tamarac, Florida

Tamarac is a city of Florida in the United States.

Tarpon Springs, Florida

Tarpon Springs is a city of Florida in the United States. The population was 25,117 at the 2020 census.

Tavares, Florida

Tavares is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Lake County.

Tavares was created in 1880.

Temple Terrace, Florida

Temple Terrace is a city of Florida in the United States.

Titusville, Florida

Titusville is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Brevard County.

Henry T. Titus founded Titusville in 1867. It was almost called Riceville, but Henry challenged a man named Clark Rice to decide the name. Titus won and it was named Titusville.

Treasure Island, Florida

Treasure Island is a city of Florida in the United States.

Trenton, Florida

Trenton is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Gilchrist County.

Umatilla, Florida

Umatilla is a city of Florida in the United States.

Valparaiso, Florida

Valparaiso is a city of Florida in the United States.

Venice, Florida

Venice is a city of Florida in the United States.

Vernon, Florida

Vernon is a city of Florida in the United States.

Vernon has a total area of 4.8 square miles.

Vero Beach, Florida

Vero Beach is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Indian River County.

Waldo, Florida

Waldo is a city of Florida in the United States.

Wauchula, Florida

Wauchula is a city of Florida in the United States. It is the county seat of Hardee County.

Webster, Florida

Webster is a city of Florida in the United States.

Weeki Wachee, Florida

Weeki Wachee is a city in Florida in the United States.

West Melbourne, Florida

West Melbourne is a city of Florida in the United States.

West Miami, Florida

West Miami is a city of Florida in the United States.

West Palm Beach, Florida

West Palm Beach is a city of Florida in the United States. West Palm Beach is the county seat of Palm Beach County, Florida. As of 2020, the population of West Palm beach was 117,415.

The city was founded by Henry Flagler as a community to house the servants working in the two grand hotels on the neighboring island of Palm Beach, across Lake Worth. The original spelling was "Westpalmbeach", but it was feared that the 13-letter word would be a bad omen for the new community. On November 5, 1894, 78 people met at the "Calaboose" (the first jail and police station located at Clematis St. and Poinsettia, now Dixie Hwy.) and passed the motion to incorporate the Town of West Palm Beach in what was then Dade County (now Miami-Dade County). This made West Palm Beach the oldest incorporated municipality in the county and in South Florida. The town council quickly addressed the building codes and the tents and shanties were replaced by brick, brick veneer, and stone buildings. The city grew rapidly in the 1920s as part of the Florida land boom. Many of the city's landmark structures and old neighborhoods were built during this period.

Originally, Flagler intended for his Florida East Coast Railway to end in West Palm but after the area experienced a deep freeze, he chose to extend the railroad to Miami instead.

In the 1960s, Palm Beach County's first enclosed shopping mall, the Palm Beach Mall, and an indoor arena were completed. They led to a short revival for the city, but crime continued to be a serious problem and by the early 1990s there were not many people living or working in downtown. Since the 1990s, developments such as CityPlace and renovation of 1920s architecture on Clematis Street have brought people back to downtown for the entertainment and shopping district.

West Park, Florida

West Park is a city of Florida in the United States.

Weston, Florida

Weston is a city in Florida in the United States. It is in Broward County.

Wewahitchka, Florida

Wewahitchka is a city in Gulf County, Florida in the United States.

Wildwood, Florida

Wildwood is a city in Sumter County, Florida, United States. The population was 15,730 at the 2020 census.

Williston, Florida

Williston is a city of Florida in the United States.

Williston has a total area of 6.8 square miles.

Wilton Manors, Florida

Wilton Manors is a city of Florida in the United States.

Winter Garden, Florida

Winter Garden is a city west of Orlando. It in the western part of Orange County, Florida, United States. The city was established by Henry Harrel in 1857. It was formerly called Beulah. It is part of the Orlando–Kissimmee–Sanford, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area. In 2022, 48,523 people lived there.

Winter Haven, Florida

Winter Haven is a city of Florida in the United States.

Winter Park, Florida

Winter Park is a city of Florida in the United States. It is known for its Theme parks.

Zephyrhills, Florida

Zephyrhills is a city of Florida in the United States. It is known for the bottled water brand, Zephyrhills.

George Foreman

George Edward Foreman (born January 5, 1949) is an American two-time World heavyweight boxing champion and entrepreneur. He was born in Marshall, Texas, and grew up in Fifth Ward, Houston.

He became the oldest man ever to win a major heavyweight title when, at 45, he knocked out 26-year-old Michael Moorer in the 10th round. He is still the oldest person to do that and has been named one of the 25 greatest fighters of all time by "Ring Magazine". Nicknamed "Big George", he became a businessman and an ordained Christian minister. 

Foreman has ten children, and each of his five sons is named George: George Jr., George III, George IV, George V, and George VI. They are also known by the nicknames "Monk", "Red", "Joe" "Big Wheel" and "Little George". His five daughters are Michi, Georgetta, Freda George, Natalie, and Leola. He also has two adopted daughters.

Late in the 20th century he gave his name to the electric George Foreman Grills. They cook food and allow the fat to drain off into a bowl, making the food less fatty.

SIMATIC

SIMATIC is the name of an automation system which was developed by the German company Siemens. The automation system controls machines used for industrial production. This system makes it possible for machines to run automatically. Depending on the needed function of the machine you have to upload the right program on your Simatic unit. This unit is kept in a control cabinet near the machine.

Simatic is similar to a digital computer which can store and run programs. The Simatic also has some inputs and outputs. The running program on the Simatic controls these inputs and outputs. Both are connected by electrical wires with the machine. That makes a communication between the Simatic and any machine possible. As the case may be the inputs and outputs are set on a “High” signal or on a “Low” signal by the program. These are different electrical definitions. Finally these signals are important if an action in the machine happens or not. 

Example for different signals at the output to a motor:


Example for different signals at the input coming from a thermometer in the machine:


There are basically two ways of communication:

In the machine, there are sensors. A sensor gives information about different situations in the machine. For example, how fast the motor rotates, what the temperature is or when the current action is completed. All this information is necessary for the program. The sensors give out an electrical signal, each signal goes by wire on an input of the Simatic unit. So the program knows what´s going on in the machine. This is very important, because now the program can perform the next correct step in its sequence. For example, if the temperature of the motor is too high, the program has to know it. Now the program will switch off the motor.

In the machine, there are actuators. They cause a wanted motion, action or forming. Examples for actuators are a motor, a heater or a light. If the program says that it´s time to switch on the light in the machine, the right output of the Simatic unit will be set. That means that an electrical signal at the output goes by wire to the machine and switches on the light.

The name Simatic is a registered trademark of the company Siemens, since 1958. Simatic connects “Siemens” and “Automatic” in one word.

Siemens developed four different product lines so far:




Every automation system needs a program to control a machine. To create a program you need a software. Siemens created their own software for their products.



http://www.automation.siemens.com/simatic/portal/index_76.htm 
http://w1.siemens.com/entry/cc/en/ 
Lect

A lect is a specific form of language.

Some examples of lects:


Register (linguistics)

A register, in linguistics, is the way people use different words, spelling or grammar—talk or write differently—to different people, in different situations. They might be more polite to strangers, for example. Or they will be more respectful to their boss at work.
This chart shows the words or phrases that one would use depending on different registers:

Stratum (linguistics)

In linguistics, a stratum, or strate, is a language that changes another language or is changed by another language.

A substratum is the language which is changed, and a superstratum is the language that changes it. An adstratum is two languages changing each other at the same time.

Language transfer

Language transfer is where a person uses their knowledge of one language when they learn another one. This can help them, but it can also confuse them.

Code-switching

Code-switching is an ability when a person mixes more than one language or lect when they talk, depending on who they’re talking to.


Digraphia

Digraphia means the use of more than one writing system for the same language. 

The standard examples are Hindustani and Turkish. With Hindustani there is at the same time an Urdu version written in the Urdu script, and a Hindi version written in Devanagari.

Japanese can use kanji, which is based on logograms, or hiragana or katakana, which are syllabic. The Romanization of Japanese also exists.

Moldovan is written in the Roman alphabet because it is almost the same as Romanian. But in parts of Moldovia, the Cyrillic script is used instead. The written languages are identical but use different scripts.


Romanization of Japanese

Japanese uses the Roman alphabet as well as kanji, hiragana, and katakana. It is often used to put Japanese words on a computer.
When Romanized text is used for Japanese words, this is called "romaji" ("ローマ字").

This chart shows in full the three main systems for the romanization of Japanese: Hepburn, Nihon-shiki and Kunrei-shiki:

This chart shows the differences which can be clearly seen among them.

Language attrition

Language attrition happens when someone forgets all or part of a language learned earlier.


Language death

Language death is a when language is no longer being used as a first language (also called mother language or native language) or a second language and so it becomes an extinct language. It should not be confused with a dead language, such as Latin, which still is still spoken as a second language.

Language revival, a dead language becoming a living language again. The only widely-known example of a language being revived is Hebrew.


Modern language

A modern language is a language which is spoken today. It is the opposite of an extinct language. The official languages of countries are modern languages.

FreeOTFE

FreeOTFE is a free, open source, computer program used to automatically encrypt and decrypt information stored on a hard disk.

FreeOTFE was originally written for Microsoft Windows and was later copied to Windows Mobile (FreeOTFE4PDA).

It can encrypt information using a large number algorithms including AES (aka Rijndael), Blowfish, CAST6, MARS, RC6, Serpent and Twofish.

Sarah Dean is the developer of FreeOTFE.



Natural language

A natural language is the kind which we use in everyday conversation and writing. For example English, Hindi, Chinese. Natural languages are always very flexible, and people speak them in slightly different ways.

There are some natural languages which are simplified, such as Basic English and Special English.

An artificial language is quite different, as it is built for some special purpose. They are always very precise, and must be used according to pre-set rules. Symbolic logic, mathematics, programming languages.


Windows Mobile

Windows Mobile is a discontinued operating system that came with basic applications for mobile devices.

It is designed to look like desktop versions of Microsoft Windows.

The first version was Pocket PC 2000, released in April 2000. It was based on the kernel of Windows CE 3.0 (Handheld PC 2000). Then came Pocket PC 2002, released about two weeks before Windows XP. It was similar to 2000, having full compatibility with Windows CE. Windows Mobile 2003, released in April 2003, was the first version called Windows Mobile. It was software-compatible with Windows
CE 3.x and 4.x.

Windows Mobile 5 was released around July/August 2005. It was similar to WM2003, except for a few new additions.

Windows Mobile 6.0 was released in February 2007 and had a kernel powered by Windows CE 6.x.
6.1 in 2008 was much the same, and 6.5, released in 2009/2010, was the last version.
It was discontinued in March 2010 and replaced by Windows Phone.

Microsoft ended sale of Windows Mobile devices on June 13, 2010 and ended all support of it on August 21, 2010.
Two months later, Windows Phone was released.

Shoot (professional wrestling)

A Shoot is something in professional wrestling that is completely real and is not scripted. In other words, broken kayfabe. A shoot rarely happens.

On the scripted level, a Worked shoot is a scripted segment that takes place in a show with elements of reality being exposed, such as an off-screen incident between wrestlers being used as fuel for an on-screen rivalry between them. It can also be a segment that fans are meant to believe is a shoot, but is not.

Proto-World language

A Proto-World language is a possible proto-language that all other languages came from.


Sustainable biofuels

Biofuels are fuels from plant materials. They could reduce the price of oil. Some biofuels can supply sustainable energy. Development of biofuels will help economic prospects in Africa, Latin America and Asia.

Biofuels, such as ethanol and biodiesel, are produced from the products of conventional food crops such as the starch, sugar and oil feedstocks from crops that include wheat, maize, sugar cane, palm oil and oilseed rape. Any major switch to biofuels from such crops would create a direct competition with their use for food and animal feed, and in some parts of the world we are already seeing the economic consequences of such competition.

Biofuels are now being produced from the cellulose in energy crops (perennial grasses such as switchgrass and Miscanthus giganteus), forestry materials, the co-products from food production, and domestic vegetable waste. Advances in the conversion processes will improve the sustainability of biofuels, through better efficiencies and reduced environmental impact of producing biofuels, from both existing food crops and from cellulosic sources.

Lord Ron Oxburgh suggests that responsible production of biofuels has several trade-offs:

Produced responsibly they are a sustainable energy source that need not divert any land from growing food nor damage the environment; they can also help solve the problems of the waste generated by Western society; and they can create jobs for the poor where previously were none. Produced irresponsibly, they at best offer no climate benefit and, at worst, have detrimental social and environmental consequences. In other words, biofuels are pretty much like any other product. 
According to the Rocky Mountain Institute, sound biofuel production practices would not hamper food and fibre production, nor cause water or environmental problems, and would enhance soil fertility. The selection of land on which to grow the feedstocks is a critical component of the ability of biofuels to deliver sustainable solutions. A key consideration is the minimization of biofuel competition for prime cropland.

Crops like Jatropha, used for biodiesel, can thrive on marginal agricultural land where many trees and crops will not grow, or would produce only slow growth yields. Jatropha cultivation provides benefits for local communities: 

Cultivation and fruit picking by hand is labour-intensive and needs around one person per hectare. In parts of rural India and Africa this provides much-needed jobs - about 200,000 people worldwide now find employment through jatropha. Moreover, villagers often find that they can grow other crops in the shade of the trees. Their communities will avoid importing expensive diesel and there will be some for export too. 

Cambodia has no proven fossil fuel reserves, and is almost completely dependent on imported diesel fuel for electricity production. Cambodians face an insecure supply and pay some of the highest energy prices in the world. The impacts of this are widespread and may hinder economic development.

Biofuels may provide a substitute for diesel fuel that can be manufactured locally for a lower price, independent of the international oil price. The local production and use of biofuel also offers other benefits such as improved energy security, rural development opportunities and environmental benefits. The Jatropha curcas species appears to be a particularly suitable source of biofuel as it already grows commonly in Cambodia. Local sustainable production of biofuel in Cambodia, based on the Jatropha or other sources, offers good potential benefits for the investors, the economy, rural communities and the environment.

Sweet sorghum overcomes many of the shortcomings of other biofuel crops. With sweet sorghum, only the stalks are used for biofuel production, while the grain is saved for food or livestock feed. It is not in high demand in the global food market, and thus has little impact on food prices and food security. Sweet sorghum is grown on already-farmed drylands that are low in carbon storage capacity, so concerns about the clearing of rainforest do not apply. Sweet sorghum is easier and cheaper to grow than other biofuel crops in India and does not require irrigation, an important consideration in dry areas.

Public attitudes and the actions of stakeholders can play a crucial role in realising the potential of biofuels. Informed discussion and dialogue, based both on the scientific case and an understanding of public and stakeholder views, is important. The Roundtable on Sustainable Biofuels is an international initiative which brings together farmers, companies, governments, non-governmental organizations, and scientists who are interested in the sustainability of biofuels production and distribution. During 2008, the Roundtable developed a series of principles and criteria for sustainable biofuels production through meetings, teleconferences, and online discussions.

The Roundtable for Sustainable Biofuels released “Version Zero” of its proposed standards for sustainable biofuels on August 13, 2008. This includes a dozen principles, each with several criteria developing the principle further. 

The Sustainable Biofuels Consensus is an international initiative which calls upon governments, the private sector, and other stakeholders to take action together.. It sees a landscape that provides food, fodder, fiber, and energy, which offers opportunities for rural development; that diversifies energy supply, restores ecosystems, protects biodiversity, and sequesters carbon.

Biofuels offer the prospect of real market competition and lower oil prices. According to the Wall Street Journal, crude oil would be trading 15% higher and gasoline would be as much as 25% more expensive, if it were not for biofuels. A healthy supply of alternative energy sources will help to combat gasoline price spikes.

Biofuels have a limited ability to replace fossil fuels and should not be regarded as a ‘silver bullet’ to deal with transport emissions. Biofuels on their own cannot deliver a sustainable transport system and so must be developed as part of an integrated approach, which promotes other renewable energy options and energy efficiency, as well as reducing the overall demand and need for transport. The development of hybrid and fuel cell vehicles, public transport, and better urban and rural planning all need to be considered.


Montreal Screwjob

The Montreal Screwjob was an incident that happened on November 9, 1997, at the World Wrestling Federation (WWF)'s Survivor Series professional wrestling show. It happened in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It is called a screwjob, because in real life, the way the match would end was changed without one of the wrestlers knowing about it. The wrestler who was screwed was Bret Hart. The people who took part in the screwjob were Hart's opponent Shawn Michaels, WWF's owner Vince McMahon, and referee Earl Hebner.

Bret Hart had wrestled in the WWF for 14 years, since 1983. He was popular, wrestling alone or as part of a tag team. He became WWF Champion five times. He was WWF Champion when the screwjob happened. In 1996, he signed a contract that lasted 20 years. The contract was meant to last until he retired as a wrestler, and let him be part of WWF's backstage plans. This meant he would be paid a lot of money. 

At the same time World Championship Wrestling (WCW), another professional wrestling company, was getting more popular. WCW had become popular using wrestlers who left WWF, like Hulk Hogan, Scott Hall, and Kevin Nash. They were now more popular than WWF. This meant WWF could not make as much money. WWF had signed a 20-year contract with Hart because they did not want him to leave, go to WCW, and make them even more popular. But now they found it hard to pay Hart, so they had to promise to pay him later because they were in danger of running out of money.

Bret Hart and Shawn Michaels did not like each other. Hart took professional wrestling very seriously, whilst Michaels liked to party. This meant they would argue a lot. One time, when Michaels said that Hart was cheating on his wife with Sunny, a woman wrestler, the two had a fight backstage. Michaels said that if he were champion, he would not agree to lose to Hart, even though Hart had agreed to lose to Michaels on any occasion except Survivor Series. The Survivor Series show took place in Canada, which is Hart's home country. Hart did not want to lose the championship to someone he disliked in his own home country. Bret also did not like how his character had changed in the WWF. He was being told to act like he hated America.

At the start of November, Hart agreed to leave WWF and sign a new contract with WCW. His time in the WWF would end after Survivor Series. Because he was still WWF Champion, and he did not want to lose it in his final appearance, Vince McMahon was worried that Hart would bring the championship belt to WCW. This had happened before, when Debra Miceli, a wrestler who appeared as Alundra Blayze in WWF and Madusa in WCW, left WWF as WWF Women's Champion. She brought the belt on to WCW's TV show, "WCW Monday Nitro", and dropped the belt in a trash can. The WWF Championship was the most important belt in WWF, so it would be even worse if Hart did something like that.

McMahon and Hart agreed to a plan, where Hart would still be champion at the end of Survivor Series. The next night on WWF's TV show, "Monday Night Raw", he would give up the belt. McMahon did not follow this plan.

At Survivor Series, the match between Hart and Michaels was the main event (final match) of the show. At the end of the match, Michaels had put Hart in a wrestling hold called the "Sharpshooter". This was a hold that Hart liked to use, and won a lot of matches with. The ending of the match was supposed to have D-Generation X (a group of Shawn Michaels' on-screen friends) and The Hart Foundation (a group of Bret Hart's relatives and on-screen friends) run out to try and help. This meant the match would end without a winner. After that, Hart would give up the belt.

Instead, Earl Hebner, the referee, called for the match to end. He acted like Bret Hart had given up in the hold, even though he had not. The bell rang and the match ended. This meant that Shawn Michaels was the new WWF Champion. Hart was angry because this was not what had been planned. He spat at McMahon, who had planned this. The fans were also angry, and booed McMahon and Michaels while cheering Hart.

Bret Hart went to WCW, where he wrestled for two years until he retired.

Because the fans hated McMahon for what he had done, he decided to act like a villain on-screen. He was shown as the owner of the WWF (before, he pretended others owned it) and played the role of an evil boss. He had a long storyline with Stone Cold Steve Austin, who was a very popular hero at the time.

On the January 4, 2010 episode of "Raw", Hart made up with Michaels by shaking his hand and hugging in the ring.

Animism

Animism is a belief common in many different religions and philosophies. An animist is a person who believes or practices animism. Animism is the belief that there is more in nature than the physical things that can be seen and touched. The part that is not physical can be called a soul, life force, or spirit. Physical things come in two types: things that are alive and things that are not alive. Animals and plants are alive. Most animists believe animals and plants have a spirit. Some animists also believe some non-living parts of nature have spirits. These non-living parts of nature include the wind, the rain, and geographic features like mountains and rivers.

The word "Animism" looks like the words of other belief systems with the suffix "-ism." However, it is not like other belief systems. Animism is not organized on purpose. Animists did not come up with the word "Animism." Animists did not apply the word to themselves. Instead, Animism is an idea of European anthropologists. The first anthropologist who described Animism was Edward B. Taylor. Taylor was trying to describe what was similar among many groups all over the world. The word "Animism" is very new: it was first used in 1832. In contrast, the ideas described by "Animism" are very old. The Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy claims that Animism "has been the dominant religious tradition across all human societies since our ancestors first left Africa."

The word "animism" is based on the word "anima" from Latin. "Anima" means breath, life, or spirit. However, these are English words. The ideas of animism are often not from people who speak English. This means there is not one definition of spirit. The definitions are different in different animist groups. The following definitions are from the Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy. Some groups believe that nature moves and interacts because of the spirit in things. Other groups believe that nature has more than just a spirit of movement. They believe that spirits in nature are persons like humans are persons. They believe that persons of nature can have a "social relationship" with other persons. Other groups believe that the persons of nature are dead relatives of humans who are alive. Still other groups believe that a single plant or animal may be many spirits in one. They believe that existence, movements, and more are each a separate spirit. In summary, not all animists define "spirit" the same way, but animists do believe similar things. They believe there is a spirit in many things which are not humans. They believe these spirits are why things that are not human move and interact.

Animism is different from other similar beliefs. However, it is often confused with other similar beliefs. First, Animism is not Hylozoism. Hylozoism claims that the entire universe is alive and has an animating power like a spirit. Animism does not claim that the universe is alive. Animism does not believe all things are alive. Second, Animism is not Panpsychism. Panpsychism claims that all things have a mind and that mentality is the reason why the universe can exist. Animism claims that only some things have a mind. Animism does not believe that things must have a mind in order to exist. Third, Animism is not Vitalism. Vitalism claims that things which are alive cannot be explained without a spiritual as well as physical reason. Animism does not always believe that everything alive has a spirit. Animism also sometimes believes that non-living things have spirits.

Animism is often compatible with Theism. Theism is the belief in the divine. The divine can be a single god (monotheism), many gods (polytheism), or everything (pantheism). Theists believe that the divine is "transcendent," separate from human life. However, Animism is neither monotheistic nor polytheistic. The spirits of Animist belief are not transcendent, and that is why humans interact with them. Also, Animism is not pantheistic. The spirits of Animism are not all one (monism), but are unique to each thing with a spirit.

Animism is an idea described by anthropologists, not Animists. As anthropologists have studied Animism, they have changed their minds on how to describe it. This means that the first definition of Animism is now known as "Old Animism." The first definition was offered by Ernst Stahl in the 1800s. Stahl was a chemist and physician. He was not describing a religious belief. However, Edward Tylor borrowed his word to use for religious beliefs in other parts of the world. These beliefs were different and older from what Tylor believed. Because they were different and older, Tylor argued that his beliefs must have developed from Animist beliefs. He argued that all people groups develop in this way. The main change he proposed was that people move from religious explanations for the world to scientific explanations for the world. This was called the social evolutionary approach to anthropology. It is not popular with anthropologists since the 1920s.

Now, anthropologists have stopped thinking of Animism as a way of explaining the world. Now, Animism is described as a way of relating to the world. This is the difference: the "old Animism" explained the unknown, but "new Animism" builds relationships with non-human people. This change in definitions is possible mostly because of Alfred Irving Hallowell. Hallowell studied the Berens River Ojibwe of North America in the 1930s. He lived with them. He learned that the Ojibwe do not think there is a spirit in all things at all times. They do not believe spirits explain every question. Instead, the spirits of things which interact with humans as persons. Animism for the Ojibwe is about relationships. Hallowell said the best way to understand this "new" Animism was to also believe in it. It is not common for anthropologists to believe similar things to the people they write about. However, this definition of Animism is the one that anthropologists are writing about today.


Proto-language

A proto-language is a language that all languages in a language family came from.


WrestleMania X-Seven

WrestleMania X-Seven was the seventeenth yearly WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It happened on April 1, 2001 at the Reliant Astrodome in Houston, Texas. The event was the first WrestleMania held in the state of Texas. The amount of people who went to the event broke the record for total number of people attending at the Reliant Astrodome. The total number of people was counted at of 67,925. It resulted in total receipt of $3.5 million. The event is often cited as the end of The Attitude Era.

The main event was a No Disqualification match between Steve Austin and The Rock for the WWF Championship. During the match, Austin turned heel after he told Vince McMahon, a man that he had called his nemesis, to give him a chair. Austin hit The Rock with sixteen chair shots, which lead to Austin pinning The Rock and becoming the new WWF Champion. The PPV ended with Austin and McMahon shaking hands and sharing beers.

The main matches on the undercard featured Triple H vs. The Undertaker, the second TLC match for the WWF Tag Team Championship, and Vince McMahon versus Shane McMahon in a Street Fight.


Central Florida

Central Florida is the central region of the United States state of Florida, on the East Coast. The region enjoys a hot but stormy climate, with many thunderstorms, and hurricanes threatening often.

The exact boundary of the area may be in dispute. Central Florida tends to be thought of as the area around metropolitan Orlando, including Orange, Osceola, Seminole, Lake, Brevard, and Volusia counties. Polk and Sumter counties are considered by some, including the local media, to be part of Central Florida. Although geographically in the central part of the state, usually the west central coast, including Hillsborough, Pinellas, Pasco, and Hernando counties, is considered the Tampa Bay area or the Suncoast, rather than a part of Central Florida. This area is known as the I-4 corridor.

In 2020, the total population of the Central Florida area was about 8 million people. Central Florida is a mix of deep south and typical Floridian culture. This is what makes the area unique.

The largest cities in Central Florida are Orlando, Palm Bay, Lakeland, Melbourne, Deltona, Daytona Beach, Kissimmee, Altamonte Springs and Sanford. 

The region has grown over the last two decades. A lack of growth management has led to massive urban sprawl in the area. Outdated and unplanned building has led to an overload of vehicle traffic. Local governments, in dispute with each other over growth, have now started taking a more regional approach and several transportation programs.


Emil Adolf von Behring

Emil von Behring (Emil Adolf von Behring), born Emil Adolf Behring (15 March 1854 – 31 March 1917), was a German doctor. He won the 1901 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for making a serum to stop people getting the disease diphtheria

Ronald Ross

Ronald Ross (13 May 1857 – 16 September 1932) was an English doctor. He won the 1902 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for work on malaria transmitting by "anopheles" mosquitos.

Niels Ryberg Finsen

Niels Ryberg Finsen (December 15, 1860 – September 24, 1904) was an Icelandic-Faroese doctor. He won the 1903 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for treating lupus vulgaris (tuberculosis of the skin), with light radiation.

Robert Koch

Robert Koch (11 December 1843 - 27 May 1910) was a German doctor. He won the 1905 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for studying tuberculosis.

The Royal Prussian Institute for Infectious Disease started in 1891, is now called the Robert Koch Institute.

Koch developed a system to check whether a microorganism caused a disease. The system was four questions, known as Koch's postulate.
Koch's postulates are the following:

The postulates are still useful. Many variations have been developed.

Kanata, Ontario

Kanata is a large suburban area in the western part of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It has a population of 90,000 and is growing very fast. It is just west of the Greenbelt. It is an important area for Hi-tech Businesses. It was an independent town from 1978 to 2000.

Kanata was originally part of the Township of March. It was settled by Europeans in the early 19th Century. It was mainly agricultural(Farms) until the 1960s when it became the site of a lot of construction. Modern Kanata is largely the creation of Bill Teron, a developer and urban planner who purchased over 3,000 acres (12 km2) of rural land and set about building a model community. It was planned to have a mix of offices, residential(Housing) area, and green area. Kanata was divided into a number of communities. Each was intended to have its own Business Center and unique culture. These include Beaverbrook, Glen Cairn, Bridlewood, Katimavik, Hazeldean, Morgan's Grant, and Kanata Lakes.

Kanata grew Rapidly. In 1978 the Province of Ontario made Kanata a city separate from the Township of March. Kanata remained a city intil 2001 when it was merged with the city of Ottawa, along with many other cities.

The city became an important hi-tech centre. DEC was one of the pioneer technology companies in Kanata. The DEC campus has been successively Digital, Compaq, and is now HP. Kanata remains home to many of the major hi-tech employers of Ottawa, such as Mitel, March Networks, Alcatel-Lucent, Dell Canada, Hewlett-Packard, Smart Technologies, Norpak, Nortel, MDS Nordion, Breconridge, AMCC, and Cisco Systems, Inc.. The hi-tech industry is clustered along March Road, in the Kanata North Business Park and Kanata Research Park, and along Eagleson Road, in the Kanata South Business Park.

Kanata is in the Ottawa Valley. It is about 22 km southwest of Downtown Ottawa. It is along the Highway 417. The northern end of Kanata is west of the Ottawa River.

To the east, Kanata is separated from the former City of Nepean by the National Capital Commission's Greenbelt (Ottawa). The community of Bells Corners borders the inner side of the Greenbelt. Bells Corners is, like Kanata, a hi-tech suburb that was established around 1950.

To the west of Kanata is Stittsville, Ontario. Stittsville first a farming community, then a village, then part of the township of Goulbourn. Stittsville is now a large suburb which was merged into the new City of Ottawa in 2001, and is largely employed by the hi-tech industry.

To the south of Kanata is the former village of Richmond, Ontario which pre-dated what is now the City of Ottawa.


Major schools in Kanata:

Elementary schools


French Catholic Schools:


Catholic Schools


French Immersion Catholic Schools: École elementaire publique Kanata


Secondary schools


Private Schools

Camillo Golgi

Camillo Golgi (7 July 1843 – 21 January 1926) was an Italian doctor. He shared the 1906 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Santiago Ramón y Cajal for their work on the parts of the nervous system.

Santiago Ramón y Cajal

Santiago Ramón y Cajal 1 May 1852 18 October 1934) was a Spanish doctor. He shared the 1906 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Camillo Golgi for their work on the anatomy of the nervous system.

Ramón y Cajal worked on thin slices of brain tissue which were laid on microscope slides and stained with silver. The stain was invented by Golgi, who shared the Nobel Prize with him.

Ramón y Cajal's investigations of the microscopic structure of the brain were original: he is considered by many to be the father of modern neuroscience. He was skilled at drawing, and hundreds of his illustrations of brain cells are still used for educational purposes today.


Robert Douglas (footballer)

Robert James Douglas (born 24 April 1972) is a Scottish former professional footballer and current coach for Arbroath who played as a goalkeeper.

Livingston

Dundee

Celtic

Alphonse Laveran

Alphonse Laveran (Charles Louis Alphonse Laveran, 18 June 1845 18 May 1922) was a French military doctor. He won the 1907 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his work on the way protozoa can cause disease.

Galliformes

Galliformes are an order of birds containing turkeys, grouse, chickens, quails, and pheasants. More than 250 living species are found worldwide. Usually, birds belonging to Galliformes order have 4 toes. Three long toes in the front to dig and scratch and one short toe behind.

Phasianidae

The Phasianidae is a family of birds which includes the pheasants, partridges, grouse, junglefowl (including chicken). These are terrestrial species, variable in size but generally plump, with broad relatively short wings. Many have a spur on their legs. 

Males of the larger species are often brightly coloured. The typical diet is seeds with some insects and berries.

Sum 41 discography

This is the complete discography of the Canadian Punk rock band Sum 41.

"Makes No Difference":

"What I Believe"

"Fat Lip":

"32 Ways to Die":

"In Too Deep":

"What We're All About":

"The Hell Song":

"We're All to Blame":

"No Reason":

"Open Your Eyes":

"Noots":


Ilya Mechnikov

Ilya Ilyich Mechnikov (16 May 1845 – 16 July 1916) was a Ukrainian zoologist of (partly) Jewish descent (his mother was Jewish). He won the 1908 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, with Paul Ehrlich, for finding out how immunity fights disease.

Mechnikov was a protozoologist who became better known for the discovery of macrophages in 1882. He discovered how they dealt with germs by phagocytosis. Macrophages are found in virtually all tissues, and patrol for potential pathogens by amoeboid movement.

He is also credited with coining the term gerontology in 1903, for the emerging study of ageing and longevity.

He was born in Kharkov (now Kharkiv), Russian Empire (now Ukraine)

Paul Ehrlich

Paul Ehrlich (14 March 1854 – 20 August 1915) was a German doctor of Jewish descent. He won the 1908 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, with Ilya Mechnikov, for finding out how immunity fights disease.

Ehrlich directed a research program which discovered the first treatment for syphilis which worked. It was a compound of arsenic which went by the trade name of "Salvarsan". He studied trypanosomiasis and other protozoal diseases. He produced trypan red, which was (as his Japanese assistant Shiga showed) effective against trypanosomes.

He invented a staining system for bacteria (before Gram staining). He did a complete survey of all the cell staining techniques then known. He showed how to tell the difference between different kinds of white blood cells, and discovered mast cells. He discovered that methylene blue, which stains bacteria and cell nuclei, could put the malarial parasite, "Plasmodium", into recession (the fever drops).

He also made a decisive contribution to an antiserum against diphtheria, and developed a method for standardizing therapeutic serums. His co-worker got a sole Nobel Prize for the joint work on diphtheria.

Aberdeen, Idaho

Aberdeen is a city in the state of Idaho in the United States. It is in Bingham County. In 2020, there were 1,756 people living there.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city is . All of this is land. There are no rivers, lakes, or other kinds of standing water in Aberdeen.

The city is at (42.943405, -112.839322). It has an elevation (height) of above sea level.

In the 2020 United States Census, there were 1,756 people living in Aberdeen. They made up 592 households. The population density was 1,807.9 people per square mile (696.5 people/km²). The people of Aberdeen were 39.6% white, 0.2% black or African-American, 1.7% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 45.0% other races, and 13.3% were two or more races. 63.3% of the people said they were Hispanic or Latino.

The city of Aberdeen owns the local airport. The Aberdeen Municipal Airport is about southwest of the central business district of Aberdeen.

Pocatello Regional Transit runs a shuttle bus between Aberdeen and Pocatello. The bus runs three times a day on weekdays and two times a day on weekends.

Aberdeen Public Schools are part of the Aberdeen School District #58. The Aberdeen schools are: 

Acequia, Idaho

Acequia (pronounced "ah-SEE-kwa") is a place in Idaho, United States. The population was 158 according to the 2020 census.

Acequia has a total area of .6 square miles.

Albion, Idaho

Albion is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is in Cassia County. The population was 234 at the 2020 census. Albion was the county seat of Cassia County from 1879 to 1918.

American Falls, Idaho

American Falls is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Ammon, Idaho

Ammon is a city in Idaho in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 17,694 people lived there.

Arco, Idaho

Arco is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Arimo, Idaho

Arimo is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Ashton, Idaho

Ashton is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Athol, Idaho

Athol is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Atomic City, Idaho

Atomic City is a settlement in Idaho in the United States.

Atomic City was once called Midway. This might have been because the town is halfway between the towns of Blackfoot and Arco. The town had a bigger population when the nearby DOE site was bigger.

Bancroft, Idaho

Bancroft is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Basalt, Idaho

Basalt is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bellevue, Idaho

Bellevue is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Blackfoot, Idaho

Blackfoot is a city in Idaho in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 12,346 people lived there.

Bliss, Idaho

Bliss is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bloomington, Idaho

Bloomington is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bonners Ferry, Idaho

Bonners Ferry is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bovill, Idaho

Bovill is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bruneau, Idaho

Bruneau is an unincorporated community of Idaho in the United States. It is in Owyhee County. Bruneau Sand Dunes State Park is to the east.

Buhl, Idaho

Buhl is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is in Twin Falls County. The town is on the old Oregon Trail.

It is called the "Trout Capital of the World". The hatcheries produce most of the rainbow trout eaten in the United States. Clear Springs Foods processes over 20 million pounds of rainbow trout each year. This makes it the world's largest producer.

Burley, Idaho

Burley is a city in Idaho in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 11,704 people lived there.

Butte City, Idaho

Butte City is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Caldwell, Idaho

Caldwell is a city in Idaho in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 59,996 people lived there.

Cambridge, Idaho

Cambridge is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Carey, Idaho

Carey is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Cascade, Idaho

Cascade is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Castleford, Idaho

Castleford is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Challis, Idaho

Challis is a city in Idaho in the United States. The 2020 United States Census found out that the population of the city is about 902.

Chubbuck, Idaho

Chubbuck is a city in Idaho in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 15,570 people lived there.

Clark Fork, Idaho

Clark Fork is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Clarkia, Idaho

Clarkia is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Clayton, Idaho

Clayton is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Clifton, Idaho

Clifton is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Coeur d'Alene, Idaho

Coeur d'Alene is a city in Idaho in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 54,628 people lived there.

Cottonwood, Idaho

Cottonwood is a city in the U.S state of Idaho in the United States.

Council, Idaho

Council is a city in and the county seat of Adams County, Idaho, United States. The population was 867 at the 2020 census.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which was land and (2.4%) was water.



U.S. Route 95 goes through the city, connecting it to New Meadows to the north and Cambridge and Weiser to the south.


Craigmont, Idaho

Craigmont is a city of Lewis County in the state of Idaho in the United States. About 458 people were living in Craigmont as of 2020.

Crouch, Idaho

Crouch is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Culdesac, Idaho

Culdesac is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Dalton Gardens, Idaho

Dalton Gardens is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Dayton, Idaho

Dayton is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Deary, Idaho

Deary is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Declo, Idaho

Declo is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Dietrich, Idaho

Dietrich is a city in Idaho in the United States. In 2020 census, there were 284 people living there. 


Donnelly, Idaho

Donnelly is a town of Idaho in the United States. It is in Valley County. In 2020, there were 249 people living in the town.

Dover, Idaho

Dover is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Downey, Idaho

Downey is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Driggs, Idaho

Driggs is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Driggs was created in 1888.

Drummond, Idaho

Drummond is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Dubois, Idaho

Dubois is a city in Idaho in the United States.
In 1916, Joseph Henry Loveless, an American-born bootlegger and accused murderer had died at the age of 45 in Dubois, Idaho.

Eagle, Idaho

Eagle is a city of Ada County in the state of Idaho, United States.

East Hope, Idaho

East Hope is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Eden, Idaho

Eden is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Elk River, Idaho

Elk River is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Emmett, Idaho

Emmett is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Emmett was made in 1900.

Fairfield, Idaho

Fairfield is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Ferdinand, Idaho

Ferdinand is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Fernan Lake Village, Idaho

Fernan Lake Village is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Fernwood, Idaho

Fernwood is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is in the southeastern corner of Benewah County.

Filer, Idaho

Filer is a city in Twin Falls County, Idaho, United States. In 2020, there were 2,738 people living there. It is just west of the intersection (crossing) of U.S. Route 93 and U.S. Route 30. The town sits on of land.

The Twin Falls County Fair is in Filer. It is the city's biggest attraction.

Firth, Idaho

Firth is a city in Bingham County in the state of Idaho, United States. In 2020 there 517 people living in Firth.

Franklin, Idaho

Franklin is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Fruitland, Idaho

Fruitland is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Fruitland has a total area of 2.1 square miles

Garden City, Idaho

Garden City is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Genesee, Idaho

Genesee is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Georgetown, Idaho

Georgetown is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Glenns Ferry, Idaho

Glenns Ferry is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Gooding, Idaho

Gooding is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is the county seat of Gooding County

Grace, Idaho

Grace is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Grand View, Idaho

Grand View is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is in Owyhee County.

Grangeville, Idaho

Grangeville is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Greenleaf, Idaho

Greenleaf is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Greenleaf has 846 people living there.

Hagerman, Idaho

Hagerman is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Hailey, Idaho

Hailey is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Hamer, Idaho

Hamer is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Hansen, Idaho

Hansen is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Harrison, Idaho

Harrison is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Hauser, Idaho

Hauser is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Hayden Lake, Idaho

Hayden Lake is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Hayden, Idaho

Hayden is a city of Kootenai County in the state of Idaho in the United States. About 15,570 people were living here as of 2020. Hayden has an area of 10.4 square miles.

Hazelton, Idaho

Hazelton is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Heyburn, Idaho

Heyburn is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Hollister, Idaho

Hollister is a city. It is in the United States state of Idaho.

Homedale, Idaho

Homedale is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Hope, Idaho

Hope is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Horseshoe Bend, Idaho

Horseshoe Bend is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Incarnation (Christianity)

In the Christian religion, the Incarnation is the belief that God the Son, the second person of the Trinity who had no beginning and was fully divine, "made himself nothing" by becoming a human being named Jesus. Since Jesus had two natures—human and divine—he was at the same time fully human and fully God.

In the Incarnation, the divine nature of Christ was joined—but not mixed—with human nature. Two natures in one person: Jesus was both "truly God and truly man". The Incarnation is celebrated each year at the Feast of the Incarnation, also known as the Annunciation.



Emil Theodor Kocher

Emil Theodor Kocher (August 25, 1841 – July 27, 1917) was a Swiss doctor. He won the 1909 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his work on the thyroid gland".

Albrecht Kossel

Albrecht Kossel (16 September 1853 – 5 July 1927) was a German doctor. He won the 1910 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his work on proteins and nucleic substances. He discovered histones, which package and regulate DNA transcription.

Royal Museum

Royal Museum of Scotland is on Chambers Street, Edinburgh, UK. It is part of the National Museums of Scotland, the other part being the adjacent Museum of Scotland. Both names merged with each other in 2007 to become the National Museum of Scotland.

It was designed by Francis Fowke and built from 1861-1888. 

http://www.scottisharchitects.org.uk/architect_full.php?id=201226 

Allvar Gullstrand

Allvar Gullstrand (June 5, 1862 - July 28, 1930) was a Swedish ophthalmologist (eye doctor). He won the 1911 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his work on light refraction and the eye.

North Bay, Ontario

North Bay is a city in Nipissing District, Ontario, Canada. It was founded in 1891. In 2006 its population was 53, 966.

CKFX 101.9

CKAT 600

Nipissing District, Ontario

Nipissing District is a district of Ontario, Canada. It was founded in 1858. The district seat is North Bay. 

In 2005, the population was 85,362. The area that it covers is .

Alexis Carrel

Alexis Carrel (28 June 1873 5 November 1944) was a French surgeon. He won the 1912 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his work on joining blood vessels and the transplantation of blood vessels and organs.

Charles Robert Richet

Charles Robert Richet (August 26, 1850 - December 4, 1935) was a French physiologist. He won the 1913 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his work on anaphylaxis.

Robert Bárány

Robert Bárány (April 22, 1876 – April 8, 1936) was an Austrian doctor. He won the 1914 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his work on the ear and balance.

Francisco de Quevedo

Francisco Gómez de Quevedo y Santibáñez Villegas (Madrid, 14 September 1580 – Villanueva de los Infantes, 8 September 1645) was a nobleman, politician and writer of the Spanish Golden Age.

Jules Bordet

Jules Bordet (June 13, 1870 - April 6, 1961) was a Belgian doctor and microbiologist. He won the 1919 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his discoveries about immunity.


Eureka Stockade

The Eureka Stockade is the name given to a rebellion by gold miners at Ballarat, Victoria, Australia. It took place at sunrise, on December 3, 1854. The miners came from England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Canada, Italy, Hungary, France, Germany, China and Australia. The miners refused to pay a licence fee to look for gold. The miners said that the money for the licence was a tax, and that if they had to pay tax then they should be represented in the parliament. Irish miner Peter Lalor became the leader of the miners. They built a fort, or stockade, on Bakery Hill above the gold diggings on the Eureka gold lead. They were attacked by the British Army. More than 30 people were killed. The battle went for 20 minutes. 

The miners made their own flag which was flown at the Eureka Stockade. The flag was torn down during the battle and taken away by one of the soldiers. It was given to the Ballarat Art Gallery in the 1890s. Pieces of the flag were sometimes given to important visitors to Ballarat. It is believed that Queen Elizabeth II has a small piece. In the 1973 the flag was restored and put on display at the Art Gallery. The display was opened by the Prime Minister of Australia, Gough Whitlam. The flag has been put on the Victorian Heritage Register and was named an icon by the National Trust in 2006. In August 2010, the Ballarat Art Gallery said that the flag needed further work to keep it safe. It was sent to South Australia to be restored at a cost of more than AU$100,000. The Gallery has built a new airtight case to hold the flag.

The flag has often been used as a symbol of rebelion. Trade unions used the flag in their marches. The Prime Minister, John Howard, banned the flag from being flown on building sites.

In 2008, the Football Federation of Australia tried to stop the flag from being flown by supporters of the soccer team, Melbourne Victory. They said it was against their rules for teams to use political symbols. People with the flag would be made to leave the football ground

In 2018, the Eureka flag again divided people in some workplaces. The published examples of slogans and logos that were against the Federal Government's building codes. These images were not allowed to be displayed by workers on projects run by the government. The list of banned images included the Eureka flag.

Many nationalist groups have started to use the flag as a symbol. It was used during the racial riots at Cronulla, New South Wales. People are concerned that it will become a symbol of leaving people out, and not a symbol of Australian democracy.

Eddie Vedder

Eddie Vedder (born Edward Louis Severson III; December 23, 1964) is an American musician, singer and songwriter. He is best known for being the lead singer and one of three guitarists of the alternative rock band Pearl Jam. He is commonly seen as an icon of alternative rock.

Paradise-crow

The paradise-crow ("Lycocorax pyrrhopterus", also known as the silky crow) is a medium-sized (approximately 34cm long) crow-like bird-of-paradise with all-dark, soft and silky plumage. It has a black bill, crimson eyes, and a call that sounds like a dog's bark. Both genders look about the same. The female is a little smaller than the male.

The paradise-crow is monogamous and can be found in the forests of the Maluku islands in Indonesia. They eat fruits and arthropods.


Nevi'im

Nevi'im (, "Prophets") is the second section of the Hebrew Bible, the Tanakh. It includes:


Manucodia

The Manucodia is a genus of the bird of paradise that has five medium-sized members. Members of this genus are monogamous and sexually monomorphic.
They can be found in the lowland forests of northeastern Australia, New Guinea and nearby islands.


Glossy-mantled manucode

The glossy-mantled manucode ("Manucodia ater") is a medium-sized bird of paradise, around 42cm long, glossed green, blue and purple black with a red iris, black bill, long tail and somewhat elongated upper breast and neck feathers. They can be found in the lowlands of New Guinea and nearby islands. They eat fruits, figs and arthropods.

The glossy-mantled manucode was the first bird of paradise seen by the French naturalist René-Primevère Lesson, who was the first westerner to see live wild birds of paradise.

San Diego Zoo has the only captive individual of this species outside of New Guinea.


Crinkle-collared manucode

The crinkle-collared manucode ("Manucodia chalybatus") is a medium-sized bird of paradise, that grows up to 36cm long. It looks glossy greenish blue, black and purple with long tail, red iris and iridescent green breast feathers. 

This species looks a little like the Jobi manucode in appearance. It is found in lowlands and hill forests in mainland New Guinea and Misool Island of West Papua. They eat mainly of fruits and figs.


Jobi manucode

The Jobi manucode ("Manucodia jobiensis") is a medium-sized bird of paradise, that grows up to 34cm long. It looks greenish blue, black and purple glossed crow-like with red iris, lightly crinkled bluish short upper breast and neck feathers. They eat fruits and arthropods.

They can be found in lowland forests of Jobi Island and northern New Guinea and is the most common bird of paradise.

Yapen

Yapen (also Japen, Jobi) is an island of western New Guinea, Indonesia. 

San Diego Zoo

The San Diego Zoo is a zoo in Balboa Park, San Diego, California. It is one of the largest zoos in the world with over 4,000 animals of more than 800 species. It is one of the few places in Southern California to feature an arctic landscape.

René-Primevère Lesson

René Primevère Lesson (March 20, 1794 - April 28, 1849) was a French surgeon and naturalist. He was born at Rochefort, Charente-Maritime.

At the age of sixteen he entered the Naval Medical School in Rochefort. He served in the French Navy during the Napoleonic Wars.

Lesson was the first naturalist to see live birds of paradise in the Moluccas and New Guinea.

In the field of herpetology he described many new species of amphibians and reptiles.

Katara

Katara is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series "". The character and series were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. 

Katara is voiced by Mae Whitman and is played by Kiawentiio Tarbell in the . Her family is her brother Sokka, her father Hakoda, her mother Kya, and her grandmother Kanna.

Curl-crested manucode

The curl-crested manucode ("Manucodia comrii") is a large bird of paradise, about 43 cm long, with glossy purple, black and green plumage, red iris and crinkled yellowish-green upper breast and neck feathers. It has curled head feathering and twisted central tail feathers. It is the largest species in its family, though its tail is shorter than the .

It is found in the and islands of the . This species is also one of the largest and heaviest among birds of paradise. They eat fruits.

The British zoologist Philip Lutley Sclater named this species after , who discovered the bird at in 1874.


Trumpet manucode

The trumpet manucode ("Manucodia keraudrenii") is a medium-sized bird of paradise about 31cm long with an long horn-like head tufts and loose neck feathers. It looks blackish glossed blue, green and purple. It has a red iris, long coiled trachea, and blackish bill, mouth and legs.

They live in lowland rain forests of northeast Australia, New Guinea and nearby islands. They eat fruits and arthropods.


Superb bird-of-paradise

The superb bird-of-paradise ("Lophorina superba") is a small passerine, about 26cm long and 70 g in weight. It is one of two members in the genus "Lophorina". The male is a black bird-of-paradise with a shining green crown, blue-green breast shield and a long velvety black erectile cape covering his back. The female is a reddish-brown bird with brownish barred buff below. 

The superb bird-of-paradise lives in the rainforests of New Guinea.

The male is polygamous and performs a song and dance for to gain the interest of the female. He starts by singing loud and rapid notes, then he starts to hop around in front of the female making a tapping or clicking sound. Then, he uses his folded black cape and blue-green breast shield to spring upward and spreads widely around its head, making him a dancing ellipse-shaped creature.

Azula

Azula is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series "". The character and series were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. 

Azula is voiced by Grey DeLisle and will be played by Elizabeth Yu in the Netflix . Her family is her mother Ursa, her father Ozai, her uncle Iroh, and her brother Zuko.

Twelve-wired bird-of-paradise

The twelve-wired bird-of-paradise ("Seleucidis melanoleucus") is a medium-sized bird-of-paradise about 33cm-long. The male has a red iris, black shoulders and wings, a long black bill and rich yellow plumes along its sides and stomach. From the rear of these plumes come twelve blackish, wire-like filaments, which bend back near their bases to sweep forward over the birds hindquarters. 

The female is a brown bird with black-barred buffy underparts. Its feet are strong, large-clawed and pink in color.

It is the only species in the monotypic genus "Seleucidis". The male displays on an exposed vertical perch with its breast-shield flared. They eat fruits and arthropods.

The bird is found in lowland forests, New Guinea and Salawati Island of Irian Jaya. 


Sokka

Sokka is a fictional character and one of the main characters in Nickelodeon's animated television series "". The character was created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, and voiced by Jack DeSena. In the film version, "The Last Airbender", in which is his name is pronounced differently, the character is played by Jackson Rathbone. In the Netflix , he is played by Ian Ousley.

In the show, 15-year-old Sokka is a warrior of the South Pole's , a race of people who can control water. He, along with his younger sister Katara, discovers an Airbender named Aang, the long-lost Avatar, and accompanies him on his mission to win the Fire Nation and bring peace to the world.

Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko said that Sokka was originally designed to be "much" more low-key, but when his comedian voice actor Jack DeSena came in and brought liveliness to his character, they began writing towards that strength. Much of Sokka's dialogue and actions are derived from improvisations and intentional exaggerations on DeSena's part that the writers chose to include within scripts.

As a result of his design, Sokka's character has come to serve as a source of comic relief during the series, often a victim of visual slapstick. He also is extremely sarcastic.

Sokka grew up in his village and trains the warriors of his village. Forced to mature quickly when his mother Kya was killed in a Fire Nation raid, he cultivated his warrior skills with a militant zeal, while his sister Katara did chores and practiced waterbending. When Sokka was thirteen, his father and the other village men left to help the Earth Kingdom to fight against the Fire Nation, leaving him and his sister to look after their tribe with their grandmother, Gran Gran. As the oldest male left in the South Pole, Sokka came to assume a semi-leadership role by the time he was sixteen, fiercely protecting the village from any possible outside threats while trying to train children to be a new generation of defenders.

While on an expedition, Katara and Sokka discovered Aang inside an iceberg with Appa. After Katara freed him, Sokka initially believed that the Aang might be a Fire Navy spy, and he eventually grew xenophobic enough to banish him from the village. Upon discovering that Aang was the Avatar, destined to master all four elements and bring peace to the world, Sokka relented, realizing that they had a common enemy in the Fire Nation. He then set off with Katara and Aang on their journey to find a waterbending master at the North Pole, determined to hone his warrior skills by way of fighting Firebenders along the way. Fire Nation general Zhao killed Tui (the moon spirit) causing the moon to turn red and then vanish as during a lunar eclipse, thus preventing the waterbenders from using waterbending. Princess Yue (one of Sokka's love interests, the other being Kyoshi warrior Suki) then becomes the new moon by giving her life energy to the moon spirit, thereby restoring the moon in the sky and the abilities of the waterbenders.

In "Sokka's Master" (the 4th episode of ) Sokka expresses self-doubt that he is not as useful to the group as his companions. Inspired by his friends' encouragement, he seeks out a master to learn the sword. Rather than fighting with brute force and flawless technique, Sokka's creativity and heterodox approach to things are the cornerstones of his technique, and his master claims that in time Sokka will be a superior swordsman. As he departs, his master gives him a game piece that was previously established as a sign of connection to the secret society known as the Order of the White Lotus.

In the two-hour , Sokka and Katara meet with Katara's Waterbending master, Pakku, who has now married their grandmother. In the battle against Ozai, Sokka, his girlfriend Suki, and Toph destroyed a Fire Nation airship and use it to destroy others of its kind while Aang duels with the Phoenix King (Ozai). Sokka and Toph are separated from Suki and attack another airship, but Sokka breaks his leg and strains his arm grabbing hold of Toph, who was falling off the ship. In a compromised position, the pair are attacked by two soldiers, whom Sokka defeats at the cost of his sword and boomerang. As he and Toph are on the edge of the crashing ship, Suki arrives with another airship and saves the two. With the battle over, the trio reunite with Aang and the vanquished Phoenix King. At Zuko's coronation, Suki is reunited with her fellow Kyoshi Warriors, Sokka and Katara are reunited with their father, with the rest of the group reunited with their friends. In the end, Sokka is seen at Iroh's tea shop in Ba Sing Se where everyone teases a painted picture he created of the entire team, wherein he altered some factual details to make the scene more "memorable".

In the live-action movie The Last Airbender by M. Night Shyamalan, Sokka is played by Jackson Rathbone. His name is pronounced "So-kah," but in the show it's name pronounced "Sah-kah". Several important changes to the character's personality were made. In the film he is no longer the comic relief, nor does he exhibit any inventive abilities or usefulness in battle. He rarely shares screen time with Aang, the main hero, or contributes in any way to the plot. M. Night Shyamalan has said in an interview that these decisions were made in order to "ground" the character.

He will be played by Ian Ousley in the Netflix of the series.


Toph Beifong

Toph Bei Fong is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series "". The character and series were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. Toph is voiced by Jessie Flower. Toph is blind, but she can "see" with her feet by sensing movement. In Book Two: Chapter Nineteen (The Guru), Toph learns how to metal bend, by bending the earth inside the metal. In Avatar: The Last Airbender, Toph can usually tell if you’re lying by sensing your heartbeat. She can also tell your position if you’re lying down, sitting down or standing up, by sensing your blood flow. Her family is her father Lao and her mother Poppy.

Zuko

Zuko is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series "". The character and series were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. His powers were once powered by Hatred and anger but once he started to develop a better mentality he changed energy that powered his powers.

Zuko is voiced by Dante Basco. He will be played by Dallas Liu in the Netflix .

Iroh

Iroh is a fictional character in Nickelodeon's animated television series "". The character and series were created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko. 

Iroh is voiced by Mako in seasons 1 and 2, Greg Baldwin onwards. Paul Sun-Hyung Lee will play the version of him. His family is his sister-in-law Ursa, his brother Ozai, his nephew Zuko, and his niece Azula.

Communes of the Aisne department

There are 816 communes in the Aisne "département" in France.

Structural engineering

Structural engineering is a subset of civil engineering dealing with the design and analysis of buildings and large non-building structures to withstand both the gravity and wind loads as well as natural disasters. Besides, it may also cover design of machinery, medical equipment, vehicles or any other objects where structural functionality or safety are involved. Structural engineers must ensure their designs satisfy building codes.

Major structural engineering projects go through the following four stages: "research", "design", "testing", and "construction" which are featured with the images below:

Structural engineering came to existence when the humans first started to construct their own structures. It became a more defined profession with the emergence of the architecture profession during the industrial revolution in the late 19th Century.

Entry-level structural engineers may design individual structural elements of a structure, for example, beams, columns, and floors of a building. More experienced engineers would be responsible for the structural design and integrity of an entire system, such as a building.

Structural engineers often specialize in particular fields, such as bridge engineering, building engineering, pipeline engineering, earthquake engineering, industrial structures, or special mechanical structures such as vehicles or aircrafts.


Abbécourt

Abbécourt is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Achery, Aisne

Achery is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Acy

Acy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Agnicourt-et-Séchelles

Agnicourt-et-Séchelles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Aguilcourt

Aguilcourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Aisonville-et-Bernoville

Aisonville-et-Bernoville is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Aizelles

Aizelles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Aizy-Jouy

Aizy-Jouy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Alaincourt, Aisne

Alaincourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Allemant, Aisne

Allemant is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ambleny

Ambleny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ambrief

Ambrief is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 65 people lived there.

Amifontaine

Amifontaine is a commune. It is in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 415 people lived there.

Amigny-Rouy

Amigny-Rouy is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. The inhabitants of the commune are known as "Aizyjois" or "Aizyjoises".

Ancienville

Ancienville is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Andelain

Andelain is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 197 people lived there.

Anguilcourt-le-Sart

Anguilcourt-le-Sart is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Anizy-le-Château

Anizy-le-Château is a former commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Anizy-le-Grand.

Annois

Annois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Any-Martin-Rieux

Any-Martin-Rieux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Archon, Aisne

Archon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Arcy-Sainte-Restitue

Arcy-Sainte-Restitue is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Armentières-sur-Ourcq

Armentières-sur-Ourcq is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Arrancy

Arrancy is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Artemps

Artemps is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 360 people lived there.

Artonges

Artonges is a former commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 194 people lived there.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Dhuys-et-Morin-en-Brie.

Assis-sur-Serre

Assis-sur-Serre is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Athies-sous-Laon

Athies-sous-Laon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Attilly

Attilly is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Aubencheul-aux-Bois

Aubencheul-aux-Bois is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 298 people lived there.

Aubenton

Aubenton is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 679 people lived there.

Aubigny-aux-Kaisnes

Aubigny-aux-Kaisnes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Aubigny-en-Laonnois

Aubigny-en-Laonnois is a commune in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Audignicourt

Audignicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Audigny

Audigny is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Augy, Aisne

Augy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Aulnois-sous-Laon

Aulnois-sous-Laon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Autremencourt

Autremencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Autreppes

Autreppes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Autreville, Aisne

Autreville is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Azy-sur-Marne

Azy-sur-Marne is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. in 2012, 400 people lived there.

Bagneux, Aisne

Bagneux is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 72 people lived there.

Bancigny

Bancigny is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 30 people lived there.

Barenton-Bugny

Barenton-Bugny is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 567 people lived there.

Barenton-Cel

Barenton-Cel is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 133 people lived there.

Barenton-sur-Serre

Barenton-sur-Serre is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Barisis-aux-Bois

Barisis-aux-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Barzy-en-Thiérache

Barzy-en-Thiérache is a "commune", or a small town in France. It is found in the Aisne department, in the Picardie region, in the north of France.

Barzy-sur-Marne

Barzy-sur-Marne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bassoles-Aulers

Bassoles-Aulers is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Baulne-en-Brie

Baulne-en-Brie is a former commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 262 people lived there.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Vallées-en-Champagne.

Bazoches-sur-Vesles

Bazoches-sur-Vesles is a former commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department. This in the north of France. In 2015, 465 people lived there. On 1 January 2022, it was merged into the new commune of Bazoches-et-Saint-Thibaut.

Beaumont-en-Beine

Beaumont-en-Beine is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Beaumé

Beaumé is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Beaurevoir

Beaurevoir is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Beaurieux, Aisne

Beaurieux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Beautor

Beautor is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 2,675 people lived there.

Beauvois-en-Vermandois

Beauvois-en-Vermandois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Becquigny, Aisne

Becquigny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Belleau, Aisne

Belleau is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bellenglise

Bellenglise is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Belleu

Belleu is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bellicourt

Bellicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Benay

Benay is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bergues-sur-Sambre

Bergues-sur-Sambre is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Berlancourt, Aisne

Berlancourt, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Berlise

Berlise is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 123 people lived there.

Bernot

Bernot is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. in 2012, 446 people lived there.

Berny-Rivière

Berny-Rivière is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 631 people lived there.

Berrieux

Berrieux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Berry-au-Bac

Berry-au-Bac is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 591 people lived there.

Bertaucourt-Epourdon

Bertaucourt-Epourdon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Berthenicourt

Berthenicourt is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 207 people lived there.

Bertricourt

Bertricourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Berzy-le-Sec

Berzy-le-Sec is a commune. It is in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Besmont

Besmont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Besmé

Besmé is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Besny-et-Loizy

Besny-et-Loizy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Beugneux

Beugneux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Beuvardes

Beuvardes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bichancourt

Bichancourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bieuxy

Bieuxy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Billy-sur-Aisne

Billy-sur-Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Billy-sur-Ourcq

Billy-sur-Ourcq is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bièvres, Aisne

Bièvres is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Blanzy-lès-Fismes

Blanzy-lès-Fismes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Blesmes

Blesmes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Blérancourt

Blérancourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bohain-en-Vermandois

Bohain-en-Vermandois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.



Bois-lès-Pargny

Bois-lès-Pargny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Boncourt, Aisne

Boncourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bonneil

Bonneil is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bonnesvalyn

Bonnesvalyn is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bony, Aisne

Bony is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bosmont-sur-Serre

Bosmont-sur-Serre is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bouconville-Vauclair

Bouconville-Vauclair is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bouconville-Vauclair has a total area of 13 square kilometers.

Bouffignereux

Bouffignereux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bouresches

Bouresches is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bourg-et-Comin

Bourg-et-Comin is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bourguignon-sous-Coucy

Bourguignon-sous-Coucy is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 96 people lived there.

Bourguignon-sous-Montbavin

Bourguignon-sous-Montbavin is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Boué

Boué is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Braine, Aisne

Braine is a commune. It is in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 2,231 people lived there.

Brancourt-en-Laonnois

Brancourt-en-Laonnois is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Brancourt-le-Grand

Brancourt-le-Grand is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2015, 585 people lived there.

Brasles

Brasles is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. in 2012, 1,392 people lived there.

Bray-Saint-Christophe

Bray-Saint-Christophe is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Braye, Aisne

Braye is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Braye-en-Laonnois

Braye-en-Laonnois is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 223 people lived there.

Braye-en-Thiérache

Braye-en-Thiérache is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 133 people lived there.

Brenelle

Brenelle is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department. This in the north of France. In 2012, 196 people lived there.

Breny

Breny is a commune. It is in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Brie, Aisne

Brie is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Brissay-Choigny

Brissay-Choigny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2015, 297 people lived there.

Brissy-Hamégicourt

Brissy-Hamégicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Brumetz

Brumetz is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Brunehamel

Brunehamel is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bruys

Bruys is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bruyères-et-Montbérault

Bruyères-et-Montbérault is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bruyères-sur-Fère

Bruyères-sur-Fère is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Brécy, Aisne

Brécy is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 354 people lived there.

Bucilly

Bucilly is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bucy-le-Long

Bucy-le-Long is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bucy-lès-Cerny

Bucy-lès-Cerny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bucy-lès-Pierrepont

Bucy-lès-Pierrepont is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 421 people lived there.

Buire

Buire is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 880 people lived there.

Buironfosse

Buironfosse is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 1,193 people lived there.

Burelles

Burelles is a commune. It is in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France. in 2012, 134 people lived there.

Bussiares

Bussiares is a commune. It is in the of region Picardie in the Aisne department. This is in the north of France.

Buzancy, Aisne

Buzancy is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Béthancourt-en-Vaux

Béthancourt-en-Vaux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bézu-Saint-Germain

Bézu-Saint-Germain is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Bézu-le-Guéry

Bézu-le-Guéry is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Caillouël-Crépigny

Caillouël-Crépigny is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 427 people lived there.

Camelin

Camelin is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Castres, Aisne

Castres is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Caulaincourt

Caulaincourt is a commune in the Picardie region, Aisne department in the north of France.

Caumont, Aisne

Caumont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2015, 559 people lived there.

Celles-lès-Condé

Celles-lès-Condé is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Celles-sur-Aisne

Celles-sur-Aisne is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France. In 2015, 261 people lived there.

Cerizy

Cerizy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cerny-en-Laonnois

Cerny-en-Laonnois is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 72 people lived there.

Cerny-lès-Bucy

Cerny-lès-Bucy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cerseuil

Cerseuil is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cessières

Cessières is a former commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Cessières-Suzy.

Chacrise

Chacrise is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chaillevois

Chaillevois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2015, 178 people lived there.

Chalandry

Chalandry is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chambry, Aisne

Chambry is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France. In 2015, 831 people lived there.

Chamouille

Chamouille is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2015, 291 people lived there.

Champs, Aisne

Champs is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chaourse

Chaourse is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department. This in the north of France. In 2015, 532 people lived there.

Charly-sur-Marne

Charly-sur-Marne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Charmes, Aisne

Charmes is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 1,642 people lived there.

Chartèves

Chartèves is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. in 2012, 359 people lived there.

Chassemy

Chassemy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chaudardes

Chaudardes is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chaudun

Chaudun is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 255 people lived there.

Chauny

Chauny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chavignon

Chavignon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chavigny, Aisne

Chavigny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chavonne

Chavonne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chermizy-Ailles

Chermizy-Ailles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chevennes

Chevennes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chevregny

Chevregny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chevresis-Monceau

Chevresis-Monceau is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chierry

Chierry is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chigny, Aisne

Chigny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chivres-Val

Chivres-Val is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chivres-en-Laonnois

Chivres-en-Laonnois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chivy-lès-Étouvelles

Chivy-lès-Étouvelles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chouy

Chouy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Château-Thierry

Château-Thierry is a commune in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France. It is on the Marne River.

Châtillon-lès-Sons

Châtillon-lès-Sons is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Châtillon-sur-Oise

Châtillon-sur-Oise is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chéry-Chartreuve

Chéry-Chartreuve is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chéry-lès-Pouilly

Chéry-lès-Pouilly is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2015, 702 people lived there.

Chéry-lès-Rozoy

Chéry-lès-Rozoy is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 106 people lived there.

Chérêt

Chérêt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chézy-en-Orxois

Chézy-en-Orxois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Chézy-sur-Marne

Chézy-sur-Marne is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cierges

Cierges is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cilly, Aisne

Cilly is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ciry-Salsogne

Ciry-Salsogne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Clacy-et-Thierret

Clacy-et-Thierret is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 336 people lived there.

Clairfontaine

Clairfontaine is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department. This in the north of France. In 2015, 564 people lived there.

Clamecy, Aisne

Clamecy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardy in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Clastres

Clastres is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Clermont-les-Fermes

Clermont-les-Fermes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Coincy, Aisne

Coincy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Coingt

Coingt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Colligis-Crandelain

Colligis-Crandelain is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Colonfay

Colonfay is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 81 people lived there.

Commenchon

Commenchon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Concevreux

Concevreux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Condren

Condren is a commune. It is in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Condé-en-Brie

Condé-en-Brie is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Condé-sur-Aisne

Condé-sur-Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Condé-sur-Suippe

Condé-sur-Suippe is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 222 people lived there.

Connigis

Connigis is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. About 300 people live in Connigis.

Contescourt

Contescourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Corbeny

Corbeny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Corcy

Corcy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Coucy-la-Ville

Coucy-la-Ville is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Coucy-le-Château-Auffrique

Coucy-le-Château-Auffrique is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Coucy-lès-Eppes

Coucy-lès-Eppes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Coulonges-Cohan

Coulonges-Cohan is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Coupru

Coupru is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Courbes

Courbes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Courboin

Courboin is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Courcelles-sur-Vesle

Courcelles-sur-Vesle is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. Its population is 295 (1999 census). Its density is 32 inhabitants/km². 

It's in this village that Napoléon met Marie-Louise, in front of the church, on March 27 1810. She became Empress of the French at just 19 years of age. At the time Napoléon was 41.

The Mayor since 2001 has been Luc tordeux. He was re-elected in 2008. The next elections are in 2014.
The remains of the choir of the old church have had Listed Building status since 1927.

The Chapel called "Le Calvaire", has been a Listed Building since 1929.

The Courcelles sur Vesle castle was built in 1694. It was ordered by the Baron Jacques de la Grange.
In 1988, it became a Hotel and a restaurant .

Courchamps, Aisne

Courchamps is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Courmelles

Courmelles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Courmont, Aisne

Courmont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Courtemont-Varennes

Courtemont-Varennes is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Courtrizy-et-Fussigny

Courtrizy-et-Fussigny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Couvrelles

Couvrelles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Couvron-et-Aumencourt

Couvron-et-Aumencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Coyolles

Coyolles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cramaille

Cramaille is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2015, 134 people lived there.

Craonne

Craonne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Craonnelle

Craonnelle is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Croix-Fonsomme

Croix-Fonsomme is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Crouttes-sur-Marne

Crouttes-sur-Marne is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Crouy

Crouy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Crupilly

Crupilly is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Crécy-au-Mont

Crécy-au-Mont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Crécy-sur-Serre

Crécy-sur-Serre is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Crépy, Aisne

Crépy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Crézancy

Crézancy is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Cuffies

Cuffies is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department. This in the north of France. In 2015, 1,803 people lived there.

Cugny

Cugny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cuirieux

Cuirieux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cuiry-Housse

Cuiry-Housse is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cuiry-lès-Chaudardes

Cuiry-lès-Chaudardes is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Cuiry-lès-Iviers

Cuiry-lès-Iviers is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cuissy-et-Geny

Cuissy-et-Geny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cuisy-en-Almont

Cuisy-en-Almont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cutry, Aisne

Cutry is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cys-la-Commune

Cys-la-Commune is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Cœuvres-et-Valsery

Cœuvres-et-Valsery is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Dagny-Lambercy

Dagny-Lambercy is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Dallon

Dallon is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France. The Somme River the Saint-Quentin canal pass through Dallon. Its name used to be Dalonaie, on record in the year 1035.

Dammard

Dammard is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Dampleux

Dampleux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Danizy

Danizy is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Dercy

Dercy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Deuillet

Deuillet is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Dhuizel

Dhuizel is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Dizy-le-Gros

Dizy-le-Gros is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department. This in the north of France. In 2015, 760 people lived there.

Dohis

Dohis is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Dolignon

Dolignon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Dommiers

Dommiers is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Domptin

Domptin is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Dorengt

Dorengt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Douchy, Aisne

Douchy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Dravegny

Dravegny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Droizy

Droizy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Dury, Aisne

Dury is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Effry

Effry is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2008, it had a population of about 353 people.

Englancourt

Englancourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Eppes, Aisne

Eppes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Erlon

Erlon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Erloy

Erloy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Esquéhéries

Esquéhéries is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Essigny-le-Grand

Essigny-le-Grand is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Essigny-le-Petit

Essigny-le-Petit is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Essises

Essises is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Essômes-sur-Marne

Essômes-sur-Marne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Estrées, Aisne

Estrées is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Faucoucourt

Faucoucourt is a former commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Anizy-le-Grand.

Faverolles, Aisne

Faverolles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fayet, Aisne

Fayet, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. They also have many dairy farms in which they create some of the finer cheeses.

Fesmy-le-Sart

Fesmy-le-Sart is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Festieux

Festieux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fieulaine

Fieulaine is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Filain, Aisne

Filain, Aisne is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Flavigny-le-Grand-et-Beaurain

Flavigny-le-Grand-et-Beaurain is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. in 2012, 480 people lived there.

In the 19th century, it had two mills that made wool and one for weaving.

Flavy-le-Martel

Flavy-le-Martel is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Fleury, Aisne

Fleury, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fluquières

Fluquières is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Folembray

Folembray is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fonsommes

Fonsomme is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fontaine-Notre-Dame, Aisne

Fontaine-Notre-Dame, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fontaine-Uterte

Fontaine-Uterte is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fontaine-lès-Clercs

Fontaine-lès-Clercs is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fontaine-lès-Vervins

Fontaine-lès-Vervins is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fontenelle, Aisne

Fontenelle is a commune in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Fontenelle-en-Brie

Fontenelle-en-Brie is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Dhuys-et-Morin-en-Brie.


Fontenoy, Aisne

Fontenoy, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. 

Foreste

Foreste is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fossoy

Fossoy is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fourdrain

Fourdrain is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Francilly-Selency

Francilly-Selency is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2015, 418 people lived there.

Franqueville, Aisne

Franqueville, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fresnes, Aisne

Fresnes-sous-Coucy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. It has a land area of around 7.3km.

Fresnes-en-Tardenois

Fresnes-en-Tardenois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fresnoy-le-Grand

Fresnoy-le-Grand is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Fressancourt

Fressancourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Frières-Faillouël

Frières-Faillouël is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Froidestrées

Froidestrées is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Froidmont-Cohartille

Froidmont-Cohartille is a commune in the Picardie region, Aisne department in north France. The area of town is .

The population of Froidmont-Cohartille has become smaller.

Fère-en-Tardenois

Fère-en-Tardenois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Gandelu

Gandelu is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Gauchy

Gauchy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Gauchy has a total area of 6.2 square kilometers.

Gercy

Gercy is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Gergny

Gergny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Germaine, Aisne

Germaine, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Gernicourt

Gernicourt is a former commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Previously part of the Aisne department, it was merged on 1 January 2017 into the commune Cormicy, in Marne.

Gibercourt

Gibercourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Gizy

Gizy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Gland, Aisne

Gland, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Glennes

Glennes is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Les Septvallons.

Goudelancourt-lès-Berrieux

Goudelancourt-lès-Berrieux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Goudelancourt-lès-Pierrepont

Goudelancourt-lès-Pierrepont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Goussancourt

Goussancourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Gouy, Aisne

Gouy, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Grand-Rozoy

Grand-Rozoy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Grand-Verly

Grand-Verly is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2006, about 132 people lived there.

Grandlup-et-Fay

Grandlup-et-Fay is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Grandrieux

Grandrieux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Gricourt

Gricourt is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Grisolles, Aisne

Grisolles, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Gronard

Gronard is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Grougis

Grougis is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Grugies

Grugies is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Guignicourt

Guignicourt was a commune in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it became part of the new commune of Villeneuve-sur-Aisne.

Guise

Guise is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Guivry

Guivry is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2015, 251 people lived there.

The D7, D35, D926 and D927 roads pass through the commune.

The commune borders the Oise department.

Guny

Guny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Guyencourt

Guyencourt is a commune in the Picardie region, Aisne department in north France.


Hannapes

Hannapes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Happencourt

Happencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Haramont

Haramont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Harcigny

Harcigny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Hargicourt, Aisne

Hargicourt, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
The place or the future of France is a big place to be because the Eiffel tower was

a piece treaty and now what else will they build 

Harly

Harly is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Hartennes-et-Taux

Hartennes-et-Taux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Hary

Hary is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Hautevesnes

Hautevesnes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Hauteville, Aisne

Hauteville, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Haution

Haution is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Hinacourt

Hinacourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Hirson

Hirson is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Holnon

Holnon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Homblières

Homblières is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Houry

Houry is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Housset

Housset is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Iron, Aisne

Iron, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Itancourt

Itancourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Iviers

Iviers is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Jaulgonne

Jaulgonne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Jeancourt

Jeancourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Jeantes

Jeantes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Joncourt

Joncourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

The D71, D712 and D713 roads pass through Joncourt.

Jouaignes

Jouaignes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Jumencourt

Jumencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Jumigny

Jumigny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Jussy, Aisne

Jussy, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Juvigny, Aisne

Juvigny, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Juvincourt-et-Damary

Juvincourt-et-Damary is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

L'Épine-aux-Bois

L'Épine-aux-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Bouteille

La Bouteille is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

La Capelle

La Capelle is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2015, 1,813 people lived there.

La Celle-sous-Montmirail

La Celle-sous-Montmirail is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Dhuys-et-Morin-en-Brie.

La Chapelle-Monthodon

La Chapelle-Monthodon is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Vallées-en-Champagne.

La Chapelle-sur-Chézy

La Chapelle-sur-Chézy is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 293 people lived there.

La Croix-sur-Ourcq

La Croix-sur-Ourcq is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Ferté-Chevresis

La Ferté-Chevresis is a commune in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

La Ferté-Milon

La Ferté-Milon is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

La Flamengrie, Aisne

La Flamengrie, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Fère

La Fère is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Hérie

La Hérie is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Malmaison

La Malmaison is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Neuville-Bosmont

La Neuville-Bosmont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Neuville-Housset

La Neuville-Housset is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Neuville-en-Beine

La Neuville-en-Beine is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Neuville-lès-Dorengt

La Neuville-lès-Dorengt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Selve, Aisne

La Selve, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Vallée-Mulâtre

La Vallée-Mulâtre is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Vallée-au-Blé

La Vallée-au-Blé is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Ville-aux-Bois-lès-Dizy

La Ville-aux-Bois-lès-Dizy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

La Ville-aux-Bois-lès-Pontavert

La Ville-aux-Bois-lès-Pontavert is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Laffaux

Laffaux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Laigny

Laigny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lanchy

Lanchy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Landifay-et-Bertaignemont

Landifay-et-Bertaignemont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Landouzy-la-Cour

Landouzy-la-Cour is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Landouzy-la-Ville

Landouzy-la-Ville is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Landricourt, Aisne

Landricourt, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Laniscourt

Laniscourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Laon

Laon is a commune. It is the prefecture of the Aisne department in the Picardy region.

Laon is twinned with:

Lappion

Lappion is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Largny-sur-Automne

Largny-sur-Automne is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Latilly

Latilly is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Launoy, Aisne

Launoy, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Laval-en-Laonnois

Laval-en-Laonnois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lavaqueresse

Lavaqueresse is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Laversine

Laversine is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Le Catelet

Le Catelet is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Le Charmel

Le Charmel is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Le Hérie-la-Viéville

Le Hérie-la-Viéville is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Le Nouvion-en-Thiérache

Le Nouvion-en-Thiérache is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Le Plessier-Huleu

Le Plessier-Huleu is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Le Sourd

Le Sourd is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Le Thuel

Le Thuel is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Le Verguier

Le Verguier is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Lehaucourt

Lehaucourt is a commune in France. It is in the Aisne Department, in the Picardie region. Until November 16, 1998, it was called Le Haucourt.

This table shows how many people lived in Lehaucourt in different years.

Lempire

Lempire is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lemé

Lemé is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lerzy

Lerzy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Les Autels

Les Autels is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Leschelle

Leschelle is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lesdins

Lesdins is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lesges

Lesges is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lesquielles-Saint-Germain

Lesquielles-Saint-Germain is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Leuilly-sous-Coucy

Leuilly-sous-Coucy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Leury

Leury is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Leuze, Aisne

Leuze is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.

Levergies

Levergies is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lhuys

Lhuys is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Licy-Clignon

Licy-Clignon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lierval

Lierval is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Liesse-Notre-Dame

Liesse-Notre-Dame is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Liez, Aisne

Liez, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Limé

Limé is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lislet

Lislet is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Lizy

Lizy is a former commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Anizy-le-Grand.

Logny-lès-Aubenton

Logny-lès-Aubenton is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Longpont

Longpont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Longueval-Barbonval

Longueval-Barbonval is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Les Septvallons.

Lor, Aisne

Lor is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Loupeigne

Loupeigne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Louâtre

Louâtre is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lucy-le-Bocage

Lucy-le-Bocage is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Lugny, Aisne

Lugny, Aisne is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 116 people lived there.

Luzoir

Luzoir is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ly-Fontaine

Ly-Fontaine is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Maast-et-Violaine

Maast-et-Violaine is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Macogny

Macogny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Macquigny

Macquigny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Magny-la-Fosse

Magny-la-Fosse is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Maissemy

Maissemy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Maizy

Maizy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Malzy

Malzy is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Manicamp

Manicamp is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Marchais, Aisne

Marchais, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Marchais-en-Brie

Marchais-en-Brie is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Dhuys-et-Morin-en-Brie.

Marcy, Aisne

Marcy, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Marcy-sous-Marle

Marcy-sous-Marle is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Marest-Dampcourt

Marest-Dampcourt is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mareuil-en-Dôle

Mareuil-en-Dôle is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Marfontaine

Marfontaine is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Margival

Margival is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Marigny-en-Orxois

Marigny-en-Orxois is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department. This in the north of France.

Marizy-Saint-Mard

Marizy-Saint-Mard is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Marizy-Sainte-Geneviève

Marizy-Sainte-Geneviève is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Marle, Aisne

Marle, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Marly-Gomont

Marly-Gomont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Martigny, Aisne

Martigny, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Martigny-Courpierre

Martigny-Courpierre is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mauregny-en-Haye

Mauregny-en-Haye is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mayot

Mayot is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mennessis

Mennessis is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Menneville, Aisne

Menneville, Aisne was a commune. It was in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it became part of the new commune of Villeneuve-sur-Aisne.

Mennevret

Mennevret is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mercin-et-Vaux

Mercin-et-Vaux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Merlieux-et-Fouquerolles

Merlieux-et-Fouquerolles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Merval

Merval is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Les Septvallons.

Mesbrecourt-Richecourt

Mesbrecourt-Richecourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mesnil-Saint-Laurent

Mesnil-Saint-Laurent is a commune in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.



Meurival

Meurival is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Missy-aux-Bois

Missy-aux-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Missy-lès-Pierrepont

Missy-lès-Pierrepont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Missy-sur-Aisne

Missy-sur-Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Molain, Aisne

Molain, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Molinchart

Molinchart is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Monampteuil

Monampteuil is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Monceau-le-Neuf-et-Faucouzy

Monceau-le-Neuf-et-Faucouzy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Monceau-le-Waast

Monceau-le-Waast is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Monceau-lès-Leups

Monceau-lès-Leups is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Monceau-sur-Oise

Monceau-sur-Oise is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mondrepuis

Mondrepuis is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Monnes

Monnes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mons-en-Laonnois

Mons-en-Laonnois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mont-Notre-Dame

Mont-Notre-Dame is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mont-Saint-Jean, Aisne

Mont-Saint-Jean, Aisne is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Mont-Saint-Martin, Aisne

Mont-Saint-Martin, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mont-Saint-Père

Mont-Saint-Père is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mont-d'Origny

Mont-d'Origny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montaigu, Aisne

Montaigu, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montbavin

Montbavin is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montbrehain

Montbrehain is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montchâlons

Montchâlons is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montcornet, Aisne

Montcornet, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montescourt-Lizerolles

Montescourt-Lizerolles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montfaucon, Aisne

Montfaucon, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montgobert

Montgobert is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montgru-Saint-Hilaire

Montgru-Saint-Hilaire is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Monthenault

Monthenault is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Monthiers

Monthiers is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Monthurel

Monthurel is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montigny-Lengrain

Montigny-Lengrain is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montigny-en-Arrouaise

Montigny-en-Arrouaise is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montigny-l'Allier

Montigny-l'Allier is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montigny-le-Franc

Montigny-le-Franc is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Montigny-lès-Condé

Montigny-lès-Condé is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montigny-sous-Marle

Montigny-sous-Marle is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montigny-sur-Crécy

Montigny-sur-Crécy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montlevon

Montlevon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montloué

Montloué is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Montreuil-aux-Lions

Montreuil-aux-Lions is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department. This in the north of France.

Morcourt, Aisne

Morcourt, Aisne is a commune. 

It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Morgny-en-Thiérache

Morgny-en-Thiérache is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Morsain

Morsain is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mortefontaine, Aisne

Mortefontaine, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mortiers, Aisne

Mortiers, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Moulins, Aisne

Moulins, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Moussy-Verneuil

Moussy-Verneuil is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Moÿ-de-l'Aisne

Moÿ-de-l'Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Muret-et-Crouttes

Muret-et-Crouttes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Muscourt

Muscourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mâchecourt

Mâchecourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Mézières-sur-Oise

Mézières-sur-Oise is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department. This in the north of France. In 2015, 520 people lived there.

Mézy-Moulins

Mézy-Moulins is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nampcelles-la-Cour

Nampcelles-la-Cour is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nampteuil-sous-Muret

Nampteuil-sous-Muret is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nanteuil-Notre-Dame

Nanteuil-Notre-Dame is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nanteuil-la-Fosse

Nanteuil-la-Fosse is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nauroy

Nauroy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nesles-la-Montagne

Nesles-la-Montagne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Neufchâtel-sur-Aisne

Neufchâtel-sur-Aisne is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Neuflieux

Neuflieux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Neuilly-Saint-Front

Neuilly-Saint-Front is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Neuve-Maison

Neuve-Maison is a commune in the Picardie region, Aisne department in north France.


Neuville-Saint-Amand

Neuville-Saint-Amand is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Neuville-sur-Ailette

Neuville-sur-Ailette is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Neuville-sur-Margival

Neuville-sur-Margival is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Neuvillette, Aisne

Neuvillette, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nizy-le-Comte

Nizy-le-Comte is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nogent-l'Artaud

Nogent-l'Artaud is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nogentel

Nogentel is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Noircourt

Noircourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Noroy-sur-Ourcq

Noroy-sur-Ourcq is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Nouvion-et-Catillon

Nouvion-et-Catillon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nouvion-le-Comte

Nouvion-le-Comte is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nouvion-le-Vineux

Nouvion-le-Vineux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Nouvron-Vingré

Nouvron-Vingré is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Noyales

Noyales is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Noyant-et-Aconin

Noyant-et-Aconin is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2006, about 465 lived there.

Ognes, Aisne

Ognes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ohis

Ohis is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Oigny-en-Valois

Oigny-en-Valois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Oisy, Aisne

Oisy, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Oisy has a total area of 10.8 square kilometers.

Ollezy

Ollezy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Omissy

Omissy is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Orainville

Orainville is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Orgeval, Aisne

Orgeval, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Origny-Sainte-Benoite

Origny-Sainte-Benoite is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Origny-en-Thiérache

Origny-en-Thiérache is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Osly-Courtil

Osly-Courtil is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ostel

Ostel is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Oulches-la-Vallée-Foulon

Oulches-la-Vallée-Foulon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Oulchy-la-Ville

Oulchy-la-Ville is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Oulchy-le-Château

Oulchy-le-Château is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Paars

Paars is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Paissy

Paissy is a commune found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pancy-Courtecon

Pancy-Courtecon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Papleux

Papleux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Parcy-et-Tigny

Parcy-et-Tigny is a commune in the Picardie region, Aisne department in north France.


Parfondeval, Aisne

Parfondeval, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Parfondru

Parfondru is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pargnan

Pargnan is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Pargny-Filain

Pargny-Filain is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pargny-la-Dhuys

Pargny-la-Dhuys is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pargny-les-Bois

Pargny-les-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Parpeville

Parpeville is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pasly

Pasly is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Passy-en-Valois

Passy-en-Valois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Passy-sur-Marne

Passy-sur-Marne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pavant

Pavant is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Perles, Aisne

Perles, Aisne is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Les Septvallons.

Pernant

Pernant is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Petit-Verly

Petit-Verly is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pierremande

Pierremande is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pierrepont, Aisne

Pierrepont, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pignicourt

Pignicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pinon, Aisne

Pinon, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pithon

Pithon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pleine-Selve, Aisne

Pleine-Selve, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ploisy

Ploisy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Plomion

Plomion is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ployart-et-Vaurseine

Ployart-et-Vaurseine is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pommiers, Aisne

Pommiers, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pont-Arcy

Pont-Arcy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pont-Saint-Mard

Pont-Saint-Mard is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pontavert

Pontavert is a commune in the Picardie region of the Aisne department in the north of France.

Phantasmal poison frog

The phantasmal poison frog ("Epipedobates tricolor") is a species of poison dart frog. They live in the Andean slopes of the central Ecuadorian Bolívar province.


Pontru

Pontru is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pontruet

Pontruet is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Pouilly-sur-Serre

Pouilly-sur-Serre is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Presles-et-Boves

Presles-et-Boves is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Presles-et-Thierny

Presles-et-Thierny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Priez

Priez is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Prisces

Prisces is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Proisy

Proisy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Proix

Proix is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Prouvais

Prouvais is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Proviseux-et-Plesnoy

Proviseux-et-Plesnoy is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Prémont

Prémont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Prémontré

Prémontré is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Puiseux-en-Retz

Puiseux-en-Retz is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Puisieux-et-Clanlieu

Puisieux-et-Clanlieu is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Quierzy

Quierzy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Quincy-Basse

Quincy-Basse is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Quincy-sous-le-Mont

Quincy-sous-le-Mont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Raillimont

Raillimont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ramicourt

Ramicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Regny

Regny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Remaucourt, Aisne

Remaucourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Remies

Remies is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Remigny, Aisne

Remigny, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Renansart

Renansart is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Renneval

Renneval is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ressons-le-Long

Ressons-le-Long is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Retheuil

Retheuil is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Reuilly-Sauvigny

Reuilly-Sauvigny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ribeauville

Ribeauville is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2015, 69 people lived there.

Ribemont

Ribemont is a commune in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Rocourt-Saint-Martin

Rocourt-Saint-Martin is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Rocquigny, Aisne

Rocquigny, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Rogny

Rogny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Rogécourt

Rogécourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Romeny-sur-Marne

Romeny-sur-Marne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Romery, Aisne

Romery, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ronchères, Aisne

Ronchères, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Roucy

Roucy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Rougeries

Rougeries is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Roupy

Roupy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Rouvroy, Aisne

Rouvroy, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Rouvroy-sur-Serre

Rouvroy-sur-Serre is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Royaucourt-et-Chailvet

Royaucourt-et-Chailvet is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Rozet-Saint-Albin

Rozet-Saint-Albin is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Rozières-sur-Crise

Rozières-sur-Crise is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Rozoy-Bellevalle

Rozoy-Bellevalle is a commune. It is in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France. in 2012, 109 people lived there.

Rozoy-sur-Serre

Rozoy-sur-Serre is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Résigny

Résigny is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Révillon

Révillon is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Les Septvallons.

Saconin-et-Breuil

Saconin-et-Breuil is a commune in the Picardie region, Aisne department in north France.


Sains-Richaumont

Sains-Richaumont is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Saint-Agnan, Aisne

Saint-Agnan, Aisne is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Vallées-en-Champagne.

Saint-Algis

Saint-Algis is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Aubin, Aisne

Saint-Aubin, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Bandry

Saint-Bandry is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Christophe-à-Berry

Saint-Christophe-à-Berry is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Clément, Aisne

Saint-Clément, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Erme-Outre-et-Ramecourt

Saint-Erme-Outre-et-Ramecourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Saint-Eugène, Aisne

Saint-Eugène, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Gengoulph

Saint-Gengoulph is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Gobain, Aisne

Saint-Gobain, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Gobert

Saint-Gobert is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Mard, Aisne

Saint-Mard, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Martin-Rivière

Saint-Martin-Rivière is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Michel, Aisne

Saint-Michel, Aisne is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Saint-Nicolas-aux-Bois

Saint-Nicolas-aux-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Paul-aux-Bois

Saint-Paul-aux-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Pierre-Aigle

Saint-Pierre-Aigle is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Pierre-lès-Franqueville

Saint-Pierre-lès-Franqueville is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Pierremont, Aisne

Saint-Pierremont, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Reference:

Saint-Quentin, Aisne

Saint-Quentin, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Rémy-Blanzy

Saint-Rémy-Blanzy is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Simon, Aisne

Saint-Simon, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saint-Thibaut

Saint-Thibaut is a former commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. On 1 January 2022, it was merged into the new commune of Bazoches-et-Saint-Thibaut.

Saint-Thomas, Aisne

Saint-Thomas, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sainte-Croix, Aisne

Sainte-Croix, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sainte-Geneviève, Aisne

Sainte-Geneviève, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sainte-Preuve

Sainte-Preuve is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in north France.

Samoussy

Samoussy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sancy-les-Cheminots

Sancy-les-Cheminots is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saponay

Saponay is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Saulchery

Saulchery is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Savy

Savy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Seboncourt

Seboncourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Selens

Selens is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Septmonts

Septmonts is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Septvaux

Septvaux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sequehart

Sequehart is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Serain

Serain is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department. This in the north of France. In 2015, 411 people lived there.

Seraucourt-le-Grand

Seraucourt-le-Grand is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Serches

Serches is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sergy, Aisne

Sergy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Seringes-et-Nesles

Seringes-et-Nesles is a commune that is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sermoise

Sermoise is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Servais

Servais is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2015, 294 people lived there.

Serval, Aisne

Serval, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Silly-la-Poterie

Silly-la-Poterie is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sinceny

Sinceny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sissonne

Sissonne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sissy, Aisne

Sissy, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Soissons

Soissons is a commune in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France. Soissons was the capital of France from 486 (the year of the famous vase of Soissons) until about 900. The city's name comes from a Belgic tribe: the Suessiones.

Soize

Soize is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2015, 98 people lived there.

Sommelans

Sommelans is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sommeron

Sommeron is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sommette-Eaucourt

Sommette-Eaucourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sons-et-Ronchères

Sons-et-Ronchères is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Sorbais

Sorbais is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Soucy, Aisne

Soucy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2006, about 70 people lived Soucy.

Soupir

Soupir is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Surfontaine

Surfontaine is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Suzy, Aisne

Suzy, Aisne is a former commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Cessières-Suzy.

Séry-lès-Mézières

Séry-lès-Mézières is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Taillefontaine

Taillefontaine is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Tannières

Tannières is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Tartiers

Tartiers is a commune. It is in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 185 people lived there.

Tavaux-et-Pontséricourt

Tavaux-et-Pontséricourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Tergnier

Tergnier is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Tergnier is linked by train to Paris gare du Nord.

Terny-Sorny

Terny-Sorny is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department. This in the north of France. In 2015, 325 people lived there.

Thenailles

Thenailles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Thenelles

Thenelles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Thiernu

Thiernu is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Torcy-en-Valois

Torcy-en-Valois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Toulis-et-Attencourt

Toulis-et-Attencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Travecy

Travecy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Trefcon

Trefcon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Trosly-Loire

Trosly-Loire is a commune in the Picardie region, Aisne department in north France.

Troësnes

Troësnes is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Trucy

Trucy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Trucy has a total area of 3 square kilometers.

Trélou-sur-Marne

Trélou-sur-Marne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Tugny-et-Pont

Tugny-et-Pont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Tupigny

Tupigny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ugny-le-Gay

Ugny-le-Gay is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Urcel

Urcel is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Urvillers

Urvillers is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vadencourt, Aisne

Vadencourt, Aisne is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Vailly-sur-Aisne

Vailly-sur-Aisne is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department. This in the north of France. In 2012, 2,055 people lived there.

In July 1429, Charles VII of France along with Joan of Arc and after his coronation in Reims, stopped in Vailly where he spent the night there.

Variscourt

Variscourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vassens

Vassens is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vasseny

Vasseny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vassogne

Vassogne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Vaucelles-et-Beffecourt

Vaucelles-et-Beffecourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.



Vaudesson

Vaudesson is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vaux-Andigny

Vaux-Andigny is a commune in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Vaux-en-Vermandois

Vaux-en-Vermandois is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vauxaillon

Vauxaillon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vauxbuin

Vauxbuin is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vauxcéré

Vauxcéré is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Les Septvallons.

Vauxrezis

Vauxrezis is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vauxtin

Vauxtin is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vendelles

Vendelles is a commune. It is in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vendeuil

Vendeuil is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vendhuile

Vendhuile is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vendières

Vendières is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Vendresse-Beaulne

Vendresse-Beaulne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Venizel

Venizel is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Verdilly

Verdilly is a commune. It is in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Vermand

Vermand is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Verneuil-sous-Coucy

Verneuil-sous-Coucy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Verneuil-sur-Serre

Verneuil-sur-Serre is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Versigny, Aisne

Versigny, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vervins

Vervins is a commune in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France. On 2 May 1598, Henry IV of France and Phillip II of Spain signed a peace treaty, known as the Peace of Vervins.

Vesles-et-Caumont

Vesles-et-Caumont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Veslud

Veslud is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 253 people lived there.

The motto « Vetus lucus semper virens » ("Old sacred wood still green") suggests it might have been a place of cult during Antiquity.
A German cemetery was built at the end of World War I, where 1,704 soldiers are buried.

Veuilly-la-Poterie

Veuilly-la-Poterie is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vic-sur-Aisne

Vic-sur-Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France. It is about northeast of Paris.



Vichel-Nanteuil

Vichel-Nanteuil is a commune in the Picardie region, Aisne department in north France.


Viel-Arcy

Viel-Arcy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Viels-Maisons

Viels-Maisons is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Vierzy

Vierzy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Viffort

Viffort is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vigneux-Hocquet

Vigneux-Hocquet is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ville-Savoye

Ville-Savoye is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villemontoire

Villemontoire is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villeneuve-Saint-Germain

Villeneuve-Saint-Germain is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villeneuve-sur-Fère

Villeneuve-sur-Fère is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villequier-Aumont

Villequier-Aumont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villeret, Aisne

Villeret, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villers-Agron-Aiguizy

Villers-Agron-Aiguizy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villers-Cotterêts

Villers-Cotterêts is a commune in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villers-Hélon

Villers-Hélon is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villers-Saint-Christophe

Villers-Saint-Christophe is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villers-en-Prayères

Villers-en-Prayères is a former commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in the north of France.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Les Septvallons.

Villers-le-Sec, Aisne

Villers-le-Sec, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villers-lès-Guise

Villers-lès-Guise is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villers-sur-Fère

Villers-sur-Fère is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Villiers-Saint-Denis

Villiers-Saint-Denis is a commune. It is found in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vincy-Reuil-et-Magny

Vincy-Reuil-et-Magny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Viry-Noureuil

Viry-Noureuil is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vivaise

Vivaise is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vivières

Vivières is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.


Voharies

Voharies is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vorges

Vorges is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Voulpaix

Voulpaix is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Voyenne

Voyenne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vregny

Vregny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vuillery

Vuillery is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vénérolles

Vénérolles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vézaponin

Vézaponin is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Vézilly

Vézilly is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Wassigny

Wassigny is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in the north of France.



Watigny

Watigny is a commune. It is in Picardie in the Aisne department in north France.

Wimy

Wimy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Wissignicourt

Wissignicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Wiège-Faty

Wiège-Faty is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Ébouleau

Ébouleau is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Épagny, Aisne

Épagny, Aisne is a commune. It is in the Picardie region in the Aisne department in north France.

Éparcy

Éparcy is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Épaux-Bézu

Épaux-Bézu is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Épieds, Aisne

Épieds is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Étampes-sur-Marne

Étampes-sur-Marne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Étaves-et-Bocquiaux

Étaves-et-Bocquiaux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Étouvelles

Étouvelles is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Étreillers

Étreillers is a commune. It is in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France. In 2012, 1,202 people lived there.

Étreux

Étreux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Étréaupont

Étréaupont is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Étrépilly, Aisne

Étrépilly is a commune. It is in the Picardy region in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Évergnicourt

Évergnicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Œuilly, Aisne

Œuilly, Aisne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.

Leeds railway station

Leeds railway station or Leeds City Station is one of the largest railway stations in the United Kingdom. The station is the largest one in Leeds as well as being the main public transport facility in West Yorkshire. There is no larger railway interchange in Yorkshire or North East England.

The station is one of 17 in Great Britain to be managed by Network Rail. It is the busiest English station outside London, and the UK's second busiest station outside London after Glasgow Central.

Leeds City Station was built as Leeds New Station, to operate alongside Leeds Central Station (which has since closed). Leeds City Station was rebuilt twice, once in 1963 and again in 2002. Automatic ticket barriers were installed in 2008 replacing manned ticket booths.

There are plans to build a entrance to the station from the South side. This would let passengers leave with a short walk to Bridgewater Place and Granary Wharf at the moment they have to walk from the North Side and under the station in a tunnel. As part of High Speed 2 a new station is planned to the south called Leeds New Lane railway station, this will be linked to the current railway station by a bridge. Because of the number of trains now using Leeds railway station new platforms have been proposed.

The railway station has services to London, Sheffield, Manchester, Liverpool, Newcastle Upon Tyne, Birmingham, Bristol, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Kingston upon Hull and Scarborough. There are also many local services to Wakefield, Bradford, Huddersfield, Halifax, York, Harrogate and other local towns and cities.

Communes of the Pas-de-Calais department

There are 894 communes in the Pas-de-Calais "département", in France.

Huetter, Idaho

Huetter is a city in Idaho in the United States. this city is a thing humans created.

Idaho City, Idaho

Idaho City is a city in Boise County, Idaho in the United States.

Idaho Falls

Idaho Falls is the biggest city of Bonneville County in the state of Idaho, United States. It is the county seat of Bonneville County. It is one of the largest cities in Idaho. Many Mormons live there. The fourth Mormon temple outside of Utah was built there.

Inkom, Idaho

Inkom is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Iona, Idaho

Iona is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Irwin, Idaho

Irwin is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Island Park, Idaho

Island Park is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Island Park was created in 1947.

Jerome, Idaho

Jerome is a city in Idaho in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 12,349 people lived there.

Juliaetta, Idaho

Juliaetta is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Kamiah, Idaho

Kamiah is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Kellogg, Idaho

Kellogg is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Kendrick, Idaho

Kendrick is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Ketchum, Idaho

Ketchum is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Kimberly, Idaho

Kimberly is a city in Twin Falls County, Idaho. The population was 4,626 at the 2020 census.

Kooskia, Idaho

Kooskia is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Kootenai, Idaho

Kootenai is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is in Bonner County.

Kuna, Idaho

Kuna is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Lapwai, Idaho

Lapwai is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Lava Hot Springs, Idaho

Lava Hot Springs is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Leadore, Idaho

Leadore is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Lewiston, Idaho

Lewiston is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is the third-largest city in Idaho Panhandle. It is also the twelfth-largest city in the state.

Lewisville, Idaho

Lewisville is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Mackay, Idaho

Mackay is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Malad City, Idaho

Malad City is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Malta, Idaho

Malta is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Marsing, Idaho

Marsing is a city in Idaho in the United States.

McCall, Idaho

McCall is a city in Idaho in the United States.

McCall has a total area of 9.9 square miles.

McCammon, Idaho

McCammon is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Melba, Idaho

Melba is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Menan, Idaho

Menan is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Meridian, Idaho

Meridian is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Middleton, Idaho

Middleton is a city in Idaho in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 9,425 people lived there.

Midvale, Idaho

Midvale is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Minidoka, Idaho

Minidoka is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Montpelier, Idaho

Montpelier is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Moore, Idaho

Moore is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Moscow, Idaho

Moscow is a city in Idaho in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 25,435 people lived there.

Mountain Home, Idaho

Mountain Home is a city in Idaho in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 15,979 people lived there.

Moyie Springs, Idaho

Moyie Springs is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Mud Lake, Idaho

Mud Lake is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Ablain-Saint-Nazaire

Ablain-Saint-Nazaire is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Mullan, Idaho

Mullan is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Mullan has a total area of .8 square miles.

Murtaugh, Idaho

Murtaugh is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Nampa, Idaho

Nampa is a city in Idaho in the United States.

New Meadows, Idaho

New Meadows is a city in Idaho in the United States.

New Plymouth, Idaho

New Plymouth is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Newdale, Idaho

Newdale is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Nezperce, Idaho

Nezperce is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Notus, Idaho

Notus is a city in Idaho in the United States of America.

Oakley, Idaho

Oakley is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is in Cassia County. The population was 786 at the 2020 census.

Oldtown, Idaho

Oldtown is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Ablainzevelle

Ablainzevelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Acheville

Acheville is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Achicourt

Achicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Onaway, Idaho

Onaway is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Achiet-le-Grand

Achiet-le-Grand is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Orofino, Idaho

Orofino is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Orofino has a total area of 2.6 square miles.

Achiet-le-Petit

Achiet-le-Petit is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Acq

Acq is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Osburn, Idaho

Osburn is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is in Shoshone County.

Acquin-Westbécourt

Acquin-Westbécourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Oxford, Idaho

Oxford is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Adinfer

Adinfer is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Affringues

Affringues is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Agnez-lès-Duisans

Agnez-lès-Duisans is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Agnières

Agnières is a commune in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Agny

Agny is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Aire-sur-la-Lys

Aire-sur-la-Lys is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Airon-Notre-Dame

Airon-Notre-Dame is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Paris, Idaho

Paris is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Airon-Saint-Vaast

Airon-Saint-Vaast is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Aix-Noulette

Aix-Noulette is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Parker, Idaho

Parker is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Seacroft

Seacroft is a large council estate in Leeds, West Yorkshire, UK. The area was mainly built in the 1950s, surrounding the former Seacroft Green. The area has a population of approximately 18,000. The area suffers from deprivation and a high crime rate. In the 1960s, the Seacroft Civic Centre was built, but it was demolished in 1999 and replaced with the Seacroft Green Shopping Centre which contains a large Tesco. The Shopping Centre has a bus station with routes to Leeds, Wetherby, Harrogate and other Leeds suburbs.

Aix-en-Ergny

Aix-en-Ergny is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Aix-en-Issart

Aix-en-Issart is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Alembon

Alembon is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Alette

Alette is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Alincthun

Alincthun is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Allouagne

Allouagne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Alquines

Alquines is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.



Ambleteuse

Ambleteuse is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ambricourt

Ambricourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ambrines

Ambrines is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ames, Pas-de-Calais

Ames, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Amettes

Amettes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Amplier

Amplier is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Andres, Pas-de-Calais

Andres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Angres

Angres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Annay, Pas-de-Calais

Annay, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Annequin

Annequin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.



Annezin

Annezin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Anvin

Anvin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Anzin-Saint-Aubin

Anzin-Saint-Aubin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ardres

Ardres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Arleux-en-Gohelle

Arleux-en-Gohelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Arques, Pas-de-Calais

Arques, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Arras

Arras (; ) is a commune. It is the prefecture of the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.

Arras is twinned with:

Athies, Pas-de-Calais

Athies is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Attin

Attin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lemming

Lemmings are small rodents. They live in or near the Arctic, in tundra biomes.

Lemmings and voles are the rats and mice of the Arctic. Lemmings have very short tails. They live underground in summer. Because the top soil freezes in the winter, they cannot burrow underground then, so they live under the snow during the colder months. They eat plants and roots. If they find plenty of food, they will have extra large families that year.

In a year with plenty of food, millions of lemmings will be roaming the tundra. The owls and foxes have more food than they can eat. They will have extra babies in they years when there are so many lemmings. However, the tundra does not have enough food for millions of lemmings. They rush across the tundra looking for food, and are eaten by predators or starve to death.

Many lemmings leave to find a new home, when they run out of food and space. Soon, millions of lemmings decide to follow the crowd. They go across the Arctic as a huge mass. Foxes and owls kill many of them. Some drown when trying to swim across rivers. It is often said that they fall off cliffs or even commit mass suicide, but that is an urban legend created by a Disney documentary ("White Wilderness", 1958) in which someone actually pushed the lemmings over the edge.

The lemmings that are left have enough food and space to survive. Then they start to breed and multiply again.

Aubigny-en-Artois

Aubigny-en-Artois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Aubin-Saint-Vaast

Aubin-Saint-Vaast is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Aubrometz

Aubrometz is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Auchel

Auchel is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Auchy-au-Bois

Auchy-au-Bois is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Auchy-les-Mines

Auchy-les-Mines is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Auchy-lès-Hesdin

Auchy-lès-Hesdin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Audembert

Audembert is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Parma, Idaho

Parma is a city in Idaho in the United States of America.

Audincthun

Audincthun is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Audinghen

Audinghen is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Paul, Idaho

Paul is a city in Minidoka County, Idaho in the United States. As of 2020, 1,195 people lived there.

Paul was created in 1907.

Audrehem

Audrehem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Payette, Idaho

Payette is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Payette was created in 1891.

Audresselles

Audresselles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Peck, Idaho

Peck is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Audruicq

Audruicq is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Aumerval

Aumerval is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Pierce, Idaho

Pierce is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Autingues

Autingues is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Pinehurst, Idaho

Pinehurst is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Auxi-le-Château

Auxi-le-Château is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Averdoingt

Averdoingt is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Placerville, Idaho

Placerville is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Avesnes

Avesnes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Plummer, Idaho

Plummer is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Plummer is located at (47.333423, -116.884393).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the area of the city is .

During the census of 2020, there were 1,015 people in the city. These people lived in 368 households. The population density was 804.3 people per square mile (310.5/km²). There were 398 housing units. Of the people, 44.1% were White, 43.0% Native American, 2.7% from other races, and 10.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.9% of the population.

Of the 368 households, 35.3% had children under 18 living with them. 38.0% were married couples living together. 31.0% had a female resident with no husband or partner present, and 22.0% had a male resident with no wife or partner present. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals and 12.2% had someone living alone who was over 65 years of age. The average household size was 2.76.

27.3% people in the city were under the age of 18, 9.2% from 18 to 24, 22.6% from 25 to 44, 25.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.4 years. For every 100 females there were 91.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.7 males.

In 2021, the median income for a household in the city was $47,361, and the median income for a family was $52,875. The per capita income for the city was $20,787. About 12.6% of families and 17.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.6% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.

Avesnes-le-Comte

Avesnes-le-Comte is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Pocatello, Idaho

Pocatello is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Pocatello was created in 1889. People came here on the Oregon Trail.

In 2020, there were 56,320 people living in Pocatello. These people made up 21,651 households. The people were 83.6% White, 1.2% African American, 2.2% Native American, 1.7% Asian, 0.4% Pacific Islander, 3.7% from other races, and 7.3% from two or more races. 10.3% of the people were Hispanic or Latino.

24.9% of the people were under 18 years old; 12.5% of the people were between 18 and 24 years old; 27.8% of the people were between 25 and 44 years old; 20.4% of the people were between 45 and 64 years old; 14.4% were 65 years old or older. 50.5% of the people were women, and 49.5% of the people were men.

Avesnes-lès-Bapaume

Avesnes-lès-Bapaume is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Avion, Pas-de-Calais

Avion, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Avondance

Avondance is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Avroult

Avroult is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ayette

Ayette is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Azincourt

Azincourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bailleul-Sir-Berthoult

Bailleul-Sir-Berthoult is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bailleul-aux-Cornailles

Bailleul-aux-Cornailles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ponderay, Idaho

Ponderay is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is in Bonner County.

Bailleul-lès-Pernes

Bailleul-lès-Pernes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bailleulmont

Bailleulmont is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bailleulval

Bailleulval is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Baincthun

Baincthun is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bainghen

Bainghen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bajus, Pas-de-Calais

Bajus is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Post Falls, Idaho

Post Falls is a city in Idaho in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 38,485 people lived there.

Balinghem

Balinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Potlatch, Idaho

Potlatch is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bancourt

Bancourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Preston, Idaho

Preston is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bapaume

Bapaume is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Priest River, Idaho

Priest River is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Baralle

Baralle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rathdrum, Idaho

Rathdrum is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Barastre

Barastre is a commune. It is in the region of Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department. This is in the north of France.

Barlin

Barlin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Reubens, Idaho

Reubens is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is in Lewis County.

Barly, Pas-de-Calais

Barly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rexburg, Idaho

Rexburg is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is the county seat of Madison County. There were 39,409 people living in Rexburg in 2020. Brigham Young University-Idaho, is based in the city. The town was settled in 1883 by a group of young Mormon men who had been sent into the Upper Snake River Valley. They were looking for places to start Mormon communities. The town was first called Ricksburg, after one of the men, Thomas E. Rick, but later changed to his original German family name of Rex.

Basseux

Basseux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bavincourt

Bavincourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Richfield, Idaho

Richfield is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bayenghem-lès-Seninghem

Bayenghem-lès-Seninghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bayenghem-lès-Éperlecques

Bayenghem-lès-Éperlecques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bazinghen

Bazinghen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Beaudricourt

Beaudricourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Beaufort-Blavincourt

Beaufort-Blavincourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Beaulencourt

Beaulencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Beaumerie-Saint-Martin

Beaumerie-Saint-Martin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rigby, Idaho

Rigby is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Rigby has a total area of 2.4 square miles.

Beaumetz-lès-Aire

Beaumetz-lès-Aire is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Riggins, Idaho

Riggins is a city in the U.S. state of Idaho.

Riggins has a total area of .4 square miles.

Beaumetz-lès-Cambrai

Beaumetz-lès-Cambrai is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ririe, Idaho

Ririe is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Beaumetz-lès-Loges

Beaumetz-lès-Loges is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in south France.

Roberts, Idaho

Roberts is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Beaurains

Beaurains is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rockland, Idaho

Rockland is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Beaurainville

Beaurainville is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rupert, Idaho

Rupert is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Rupert has a total area of 2 square miles.

Beauvoir-Wavans

Beauvoir-Wavans is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Beauvois, Pas-de-Calais

Beauvois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.

A small village located 30 miles (50 km) west-northwest of Arras at the junction of the D104 with the D99 road.




Salmon, Idaho

Salmon is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Belle-et-Houllefort

Belle-et-Houllefort is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sandpoint, Idaho

Sandpoint (Kutenai language: kamanqukuⱡ) is the largest city in, and the county seat of, Bonner County, Idaho. Its population was 8,639 at the 2020 census.

Shelley, Idaho

Shelley is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is in Bingham County. Shelley is on the eastern side of the Snake River. It faces the Blackfoot Mountains.

Since 1927 Shelley has had the "Idaho Annual Spud Day". It is on the 3rd Saturday of September. It has a parade, live bands, games (such as a tug of war into a pit of mashed potatoes) and free baked potatoes.

Bellebrune

Bellebrune is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Shoshone, Idaho

Shoshone is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bellonne

Bellonne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Smelterville, Idaho

Smelterville is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Berck

Berck is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bergueneuse

Bergueneuse is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Berlencourt-le-Cauroy

Berlencourt-le-Cauroy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Soda Springs, Idaho

Soda Springs is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is the county seat of Caribou County. The population was 3,133 at the 2020 census.

This place was a good place to see on the Oregon Trail.

In 2020, there were 3,133 people living in Soda Springs. The people were 92.1% White, 1.0% Native American, 0.2% Pacific Islander, 0.2% Asian, 0.0% African American, 1.6% from other races, and 4.9% from two or more races. 5.5% of the people were Hispanic or Latino.

28.2% of the people were under 18 years old; 7.1% of the people were between 18 and 24 years old; 25.9% of the people were between 25 and 44 years old; 22.0% of the people were between 45 and 64 years old; 16.9% were 65 years old or older. 50.6% of the people were women, and 49.4% of the people were men.

The people made up 1,237 households. The average household size was 2.53 people.

Berles-Monchel

Berles-Monchel is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Berles-au-Bois

Berles-au-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Spencer, Idaho

Spencer is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bermicourt

Bermicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Berneville

Berneville is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Spirit Lake, Idaho

Spirit Lake is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bernieulles

Bernieulles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bertincourt

Bertincourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

St. Anthony, Idaho

St. Anthony is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Beugin

Beugin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Beugny

Beugny is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

St. Charles, Idaho

St. Charles is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Beugnâtre

Beugnâtre is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

St. Maries, Idaho

St. Maries is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Beussent

Beussent is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Stanley, Idaho

Stanley is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Beutin

Beutin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Star, Idaho

Star is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Beuvrequen

Beuvrequen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Beuvry

Beuvry is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bezinghem

Bezinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Biache-Saint-Vaast

Biache-Saint-Vaast is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

State Line, Idaho

State Line is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Biefvillers-lès-Bapaume

Biefvillers-lès-Bapaume is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Stites, Idaho

Stites is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bienvillers-au-Bois

Bienvillers-au-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bihucourt

Bihucourt is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sugar City, Idaho

Sugar City is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Billy-Berclau

Billy-Berclau is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sun Valley, Idaho

Sun Valley is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Billy-Montigny

Billy-Montigny is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bimont

Bimont is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Blairville

Blairville is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Swan Valley, Idaho

Swan Valley is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Blangerval-Blangermont

Blangerval-Blangermont is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tensed, Idaho

Tensed is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Blangy-sur-Ternoise

Blangy-sur-Ternoise is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Teton, Idaho

Teton is a city in Idaho in the United States. 

Teton is located at 43°53′16″N 111°40′9″W (43.887664, -111.669289).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all of it land.

Blendecques

Blendecques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Blessy, Pas-de-Calais

Blessy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tetonia, Idaho

Tetonia is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Blingel

Blingel is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bléquin

Bléquin is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department. This is in the northern part of France.

Troy, Idaho

Troy is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Boffles

Boffles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Boiry-Becquerelle

Boiry-Becquerelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Twin Falls, Idaho

Twin Falls is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is the county seat of Twin Falls County, Idaho. The 2020 population was 51,807.

In 1900, I. B. Perrine founded the Twin Falls Land and Water Company to build an irrigation canal in the area now known as Twin Falls. One of the investors was named Stanley Milner. By 1903, Perrine and his investors had government approval to build a dam on the Snake River. The dam was finished in 1905. It is now called Milner Dam. It allows farmers in the area to irrigate their crops.

In 1904, some property in the area was sold off to start a few towns. One of those towns was Twin Falls. The others include Buhl, Filer, Hansen, Kimberly, and Murtaugh. Many of those towns were named for the original investors in the Twin Falls land and Water Company.

Twin Falls was incorporated on April 12, 1905 as a village.

On February 21, 1907, Twin Falls became the county seat of the new Twin Falls County. Prior to that, the city was part of Cassia County.

On September 8, 1974, Evel Knievel attempted to jump the Snake River Canyon on a rocket cycle at a site close to Twin Falls. The attempt failed. Located on private property at , the ramp's base remains in place as of January, 2016. Evel Knievel was paid six million dollars (US) for trying to jump the canyon. The payment was promised no matter the outcome of the attempt.

Twin Falls has a council-manager form of government. The city council hires a manager to supervise city employees on a day-to-day basis, and the position of "mayor" is appointed by the city council from among their own members.

Boiry-Notre-Dame

Boiry-Notre-Dame is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ucon, Idaho

Ucon is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Boiry-Saint-Martin

Boiry-Saint-Martin is a commune. It is in the region of Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department, in the north of France.

Victor, Idaho

Victor is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Boiry-Sainte-Rictrude

Boiry-Sainte-Rictrude is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wallace, Idaho

Wallace is a city in Idaho in the United States. It is the birthplace of the Hollywood actress, Lana Turner. The famous 1997 disaster movie Dante's Peak, starring Pierce Brosnan and Linda Hamilton, was shot in the town, where the local population played as extra characters.

Bois-Bernard

Bois-Bernard is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Boisdinghem

Boisdinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Boisjean

Boisjean is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Boisleux-Saint-Marc

Boisleux-Saint-Marc is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Boisleux-au-Mont

Boisleux-au-Mont is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bomy

Bomy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bonningues-lès-Ardres

Bonningues-lès-Ardres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bonningues-lès-Calais

Bonningues-lès-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bonnières, Pas-de-Calais

Bonnières, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. On 1 January 2019, the former commune Canteleux was merged into Bonnières.

Boubers-lès-Hesmond

Boubers-lès-Hesmond is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Boubers-sur-Canche

Boubers-sur-Canche is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bouin-Plumoison

Bouin-Plumoison is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Boulogne-sur-Mer

Boulogne-sur-Mer is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. Boulogne-sur-Mer set its record high temperature (35.4°C or 95.7°F) in July 2015. The record had been 34.8°C in Aug. 11, 2003.

Bouquehault

Bouquehault is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bourecq

Bourecq is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bouret-sur-Canche

Bouret-sur-Canche is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.



Bourlon

Bourlon is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bournonville, Pas-de-Calais

Bournonville is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bours, Pas-de-Calais

Bours, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Boursin

Boursin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bourthes

Bourthes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bouvelinghem

Bouvelinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bouvigny-Boyeffles

Bouvigny-Boyeffles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Boyaval

Boyaval is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Boyelles

Boyelles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wardner, Idaho

Wardner is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Brebières

Brebières is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Warm River, Idaho

Warm River is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Brias

Brias is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Weippe, Idaho

Weippe (pronounced ) is a city in Idaho in the United States. The population was 400 at the 2020 census.

Brimeux

Brimeux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Weiser, Idaho

Weiser is a city in Idaho in the United States.

In 2020, Weiser had a population of 5,630.

Bruay-la-Buissière

Bruay-la-Buissière is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Brunembert

Brunembert is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Brévillers, Pas-de-Calais

Brévillers, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wendell, Idaho

Wendell is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bréxent-Énocq

Bréxent-Énocq is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Brêmes

Brêmes is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Bucquoy

Bucquoy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Buire-au-Bois

Buire-au-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Buire-le-Sec

Buire-le-Sec is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Buissy

Buissy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bullecourt

Bullecourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bully-les-Mines

Bully-les-Mines is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Buneville

Buneville is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Weston, Idaho

Weston is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Burbure

Burbure is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Bus, Pas-de-Calais

Bus, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

White Bird, Idaho

White Bird is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Busnes

Busnes is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wilder, Idaho

Wilder is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Wilder was created in 1919.

Béalencourt

Béalencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Winchester, Idaho

Winchester is a city in Idaho in the United States.

Bécourt

Bécourt is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Worley, Idaho

Worley is a city in Idaho in the United States.

In 2020, Worley had a population of 253 residents.

Béhagnies

Béhagnies is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. The town had a population of about 131 people .

Bénifontaine

Bénifontaine is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Béthonsart

Béthonsart is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Béthune

Béthune is a commune. It is found in the region Hauts-de-France in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Béthune is the capital of the district of Béthune. His mayor is Olivier Gacquerre.

Caffiers

Caffiers is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Cagnicourt

Cagnicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Calonne-Ricouart

Calonne-Ricouart is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Calonne-sur-la-Lys

Calonne-sur-la-Lys is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Camblain-Châtelain

Camblain-Châtelain is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Camblain-l'Abbé

Camblain-l'Abbé is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Cambligneul

Cambligneul is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Cambrin

Cambrin is a French commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Camiers

Camiers is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Campagne-lès-Boulonnais

Campagne-lès-Boulonnais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Campagne-lès-Guines

Campagne-lès-Guines is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Campagne-lès-Hesdin

Campagne-lès-Hesdin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Campagne-lès-Wardrecques

Campagne-lès-Wardrecques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Campigneulles-les-Grandes

Campigneulles-les-Grandes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Campigneulles-les-Petites

Campigneulles-les-Petites is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Canettemont

Canettemont is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Canlers

Canlers is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Canteleux

Canteleux is a former commune. It is in the region of Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department. This is in the north of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into Bonnières.

Capelle-Fermont

Capelle-Fermont is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Capelle-lès-Hesdin

Capelle-lès-Hesdin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Carency

Carency is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Carly, Pas-de-Calais

Carly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Carvin

Carvin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Cauchy-à-la-Tour

Cauchy-à-la-Tour is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Caucourt

Caucourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Caumont, Pas-de-Calais

Caumont, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Cavron-Saint-Martin

Cavron-Saint-Martin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Chelers

Chelers is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Chocques

Chocques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Chériennes

Chériennes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Chérisy

Chérisy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Clairmarais

Clairmarais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Clarques

Clarques is a former commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Saint-Augustin.

Clenleu

Clenleu is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Clerques

Clerques is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Cléty

Cléty is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Colembert

Colembert is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Colline-Beaumont

Colline-Beaumont is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Conchil-le-Temple

Conchil-le-Temple is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Conchy-sur-Canche

Conchy-sur-Canche is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Condette

Condette is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Contes, Pas-de-Calais

Contes, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Conteville-en-Ternois

Conteville-en-Ternois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. The inhabitants of this town are called "Contevillois". In 2006, there lived about 78 people in Conteville-en-Ternois.

Conteville-lès-Boulogne

Conteville-lès-Boulogne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Coquelles

Coquelles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Corbehem

Corbehem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Cormont

Cormont is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Couin

Couin is a commune. It is in the region of Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department, This is in the northern part of France.

Coullemont

Coullemont is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Coulogne

Coulogne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Coulomby

Coulomby is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Coupelle-Neuve

Coupelle-Neuve is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Coupelle-Vieille

Coupelle-Vieille is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Courcelles-le-Comte

Courcelles-le-Comte is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Courcelles-lès-Lens

Courcelles-lès-Lens is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Courrières

Courrières is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Courset

Courset is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Couturelle

Couturelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Coyecques

Coyecques is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Croisette, Pas-de-Calais

Croisette, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Croisilles, Pas-de-Calais

Croisilles, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Croix-en-Ternois

Croix-en-Ternois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Crémarest

Crémarest is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Crépy, Pas-de-Calais

Crépy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Créquy

Créquy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Cucq

Cucq is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Cuinchy

Cuinchy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Dainville

Dainville is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Dannes

Dannes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Delettes

Delettes is a commune of four small farming villages in the North of France with a population of 1179 (2018). It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department..

Denier, Pas-de-Calais

Denier, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Dennebrœucq

Dennebrœucq is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Desvres

Desvres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Divion

Divion is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Diéval

Diéval is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Dohem

Dohem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Douchy-lès-Ayette

Douchy-lès-Ayette is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Doudeauville, Pas-de-Calais

Doudeauville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Dourges

Dourges is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Douriez

Douriez is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Douvrin

Douvrin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Drocourt, Pas-de-Calais

Drocourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Drouvin-le-Marais

Drouvin-le-Marais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Duisans

Duisans is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Dury, Pas-de-Calais

Dury, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Echinghen

Echinghen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ecquedecques

Ecquedecques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ecques

Ecques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Elnes

Elnes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Embry, Pas-de-Calais

Embry is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Enguinegatte

Enguinegatte is a former commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Enquin-lez-Guinegatte.

Enquin-les-Mines

Enquin-les-Mines is a former commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Enquin-lez-Guinegatte.

Enquin-sur-Baillons

Enquin-sur-Baillons is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Eps, Pas-de-Calais

Eps is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ergny

Ergny is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Erny-Saint-Julien

Erny-Saint-Julien is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ervillers

Ervillers is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Escalles

Escalles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Escœuilles

Escœuilles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Esquerdes

Esquerdes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Essars

Essars is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.The commune is in canton of Beuvry,in the Arrondissement of Béthune.

Estevelles

Estevelles is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Estrée

Estrée is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Estrée-Blanche

Estrée-Blanche is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Estrée-Cauchy

Estrée-Cauchy is a commune in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Estrée-Wamin

Estrée-Wamin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Estréelles

Estréelles is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Famechon, Pas-de-Calais

Famechon, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fampoux

Fampoux is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Farbus

Farbus is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fauquembergues

Fauquembergues is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Favreuil

Favreuil is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Febvin-Palfart

Febvin-Palfart is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ferfay

Ferfay is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ferques

Ferques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Festubert

Festubert is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Feuchy

Feuchy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ficheux

Ficheux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fiefs, Pas-de-Calais

Fiefs is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fiennes, Pas-de-Calais

Fiennes, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fillièvres

Fillièvres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Flers, Pas-de-Calais

Flers, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Fleurbaix

Fleurbaix is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fleury, Pas-de-Calais

Fleury, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Floringhem

Floringhem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fléchin

Fléchin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Foncquevillers

Foncquevillers is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.



Fontaine-l'Étalon

Fontaine-l'Étalon is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fontaine-lès-Boulans

Fontaine-lès-Boulans is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fontaine-lès-Croisilles

Fontaine-lès-Croisilles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fontaine-lès-Hermans

Fontaine-lès-Hermans is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fortel-en-Artois

Fortel-en-Artois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fosseux

Fosseux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Foufflin-Ricametz

Foufflin-Ricametz is a commune Nord-Pas-de-Calais in Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Fouquereuil

Fouquereuil is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fouquières-lès-Béthune

Fouquières-lès-Béthune is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fouquières-lès-Lens

Fouquières-lès-Lens is a commune in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Framecourt

Framecourt is a small commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

A small farming village situated west of Arras, at the junction of the D916 and the D102E roads. The church of St.Vulgan in the village dates from the seventeenth century. There is also an 18th-century priory.


Frencq

Frencq is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fresnes-lès-Montauban

Fresnes-lès-Montauban is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fresnicourt-le-Dolmen

Fresnicourt-le-Dolmen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fresnoy

Fresnoy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fresnoy-en-Gohelle

Fresnoy-en-Gohelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fressin

Fressin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fruges

Fruges is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Frémicourt

Frémicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Fréthun

Fréthun is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Frévent

Frévent is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Frévillers

Frévillers is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Frévin-Capelle

Frévin-Capelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Galametz

Galametz is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gauchin-Légal

Gauchin-Légal is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gauchin-Verloingt

Gauchin-Verloingt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gaudiempré

Gaudiempré is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gavrelle

Gavrelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gennes-Ivergny

Gennes-Ivergny is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Givenchy-en-Gohelle

Givenchy-en-Gohelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Givenchy-le-Noble

Givenchy-le-Noble is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Givenchy-lès-la-Bassée

Givenchy-lès-la-Bassée is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gomiécourt

Gomiécourt is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gommecourt, Pas-de-Calais

Gommecourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gonnehem

Gonnehem is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Gosnay

Gosnay is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Gouves

Gouves is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gouy-Saint-André

Gouy-Saint-André is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gouy-Servins

Gouy-Servins is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gouy-en-Artois

Gouy-en-Artois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gouy-en-Ternois

Gouy-en-Ternois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Gouy-sous-Bellonne

Gouy-sous-Bellonne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Graincourt-lès-Havrincourt

Graincourt-lès-Havrincourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Grand-Rullecourt

Grand-Rullecourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Grenay, Pas-de-Calais

Grenay, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Grigny, Pas-de-Calais

Grigny, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Grincourt-lès-Pas

Grincourt-lès-Pas is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Groffliers

Groffliers is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Grévillers

Grévillers is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Guarbecque

Guarbecque is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Guemps

Guemps is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Guigny

Guigny is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Guinecourt

Guinecourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Guisy

Guisy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Guémappe

Guémappe is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Guînes

Guînes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Habarcq

Habarcq is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Haillicourt

Haillicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Haisnes

Haisnes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Halinghen

Halinghen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hallines

Hallines is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Halloy, Pas-de-Calais

Halloy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ham-en-Artois

Ham-en-Artois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hamblain-les-Prés

Hamblain-les-Prés is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hamelincourt

Hamelincourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hames-Boucres

Hames-Boucres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hannescamps

Hannescamps is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Haplincourt

Haplincourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Haravesnes

Haravesnes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hardinghen

Hardinghen is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Harnes

Harnes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Haucourt, Pas-de-Calais

Haucourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Haut-Loquin

Haut-Loquin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Haute-Avesnes

Haute-Avesnes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hautecloque, Pas-de-Calais

Hautecloque is a commune. It is in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.

Hauteville, Pas-de-Calais

Hauteville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.



Havrincourt

Havrincourt is a commune. It is Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Helfaut

Helfaut is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hendecourt-lès-Cagnicourt

Hendecourt-lès-Cagnicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hendecourt-lès-Ransart

Hendecourt-lès-Ransart is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Henneveux

Henneveux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Herbelles

Herbelles is a former commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. On 1 September 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Bellinghem.

Herbinghen

Herbinghen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Herlin-le-Sec

Herlin-le-Sec is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Herlincourt

Herlincourt is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Herly, Pas-de-Calais

Herly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hermaville

Hermaville is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hermelinghen

Hermelinghen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hermies

Hermies is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hermin

Hermin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hernicourt

Hernicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. It is 106 miles north of Paris on the River Ternoise. In 2004 there were about 424 people living in Hernicourt.

Hersin-Coupigny

Hersin-Coupigny is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hervelinghen

Hervelinghen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hesdigneul-lès-Boulogne

Hesdigneul-lès-Boulogne is a commune in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Hesdigneul-lès-Béthune

Hesdigneul-lès-Béthune is a commune. It is Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Hesdin

Hesdin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hesdin-l'Abbé

Hesdin-l'Abbé is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Hesmond

Hesmond is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Roundhay

Roundhay is an upmarket area of Leeds, best known for its large park, Roundhay Park. Roundhay has many shops, pubs and restaurants on Street Lane. Roundhay also has historic landmarks within the park such as Roundhay Mansion and Roundhay Castle. Roundhay is in North Leeds, close to the Outer Ring Road.


Hestrus

Hestrus is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Heuchin

Heuchin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Heuringhem

Heuringhem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hinges, Pas-de-Calais

Hinges is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hocquinghen

Hocquinghen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Houchin

Houchin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Houdain

Houdain is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Houlle

Houlle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Houvin-Houvigneul

Houvin-Houvigneul is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hubersent

Hubersent is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Huby-Saint-Leu

Huby-Saint-Leu is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Huclier

Huclier is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hucqueliers

Hucqueliers is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hulluch

Hulluch is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Humbercamps

Humbercamps is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Humbert, Pas-de-Calais

Humbert is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Humerœuille

Humerœuille is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Humières

Humières is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hébuterne

Hébuterne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hénin-Beaumont

Hénin-Beaumont is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hénin-sur-Cojeul

Hénin-sur-Cojeul is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Héninel

Héninel is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hénu

Hénu is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Héricourt, Pas-de-Calais

Héricourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Hézecques

Hézecques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Inchy-en-Artois

Inchy-en-Artois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Incourt, Pas-de-Calais

Incourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Inghem

Inghem is a former commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. On 1 September 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Bellinghem.

Inxent

Inxent is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Isbergues

Isbergues is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Isques

Isques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ivergny

Ivergny is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Izel-lès-Hameau

Izel-lès-Hameau is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Izel-lès-Équerchin

Izel-lès-Équerchin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Journy

Journy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

La Calotterie

La Calotterie is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

La Capelle-lès-Boulogne

La Capelle-lès-Boulogne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

La Cauchie

La Cauchie is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

La Comté

La Comté is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

La Couture, Pas-de-Calais

La Couture, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

La Herlière

La Herlière is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

La Loge

La Loge is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

La Madelaine-sous-Montreuil

La Madelaine-sous-Montreuil is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

La Thieuloye

La Thieuloye is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Labeuvrière

Labeuvrière is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Labourse

Labourse is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Labroye

Labroye is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lacres

Lacres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. Lacres is about 12 miles or 19 kilometers south east of Boulogne, where the D901 meets with the D125 and D125e roads.

Some places to visit there are the church of St. Martin, from the 1400's and a farm and manor house from the 1600's. 

Lagnicourt-Marcel

Lagnicourt-Marcel is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Laires

Laires is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lambres

Lambres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Landrethun-le-Nord

Landrethun-le-Nord is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Landrethun-lès-Ardres

Landrethun-lès-Ardres is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lapugnoy

Lapugnoy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lattre-Saint-Quentin

Lattre-Saint-Quentin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Laventie

Laventie is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Le Parcq

Le Parcq is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Le Ponchel

Le Ponchel is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Le Portel

Le Portel is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Le Quesnoy-en-Artois

Le Quesnoy-en-Artois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Le Sars

Le Sars is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Le Souich

Le Souich is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Le Touquet

Le Touquet-Paris-Plage is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Le Transloy

Le Transloy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Le Wast

Le Wast is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lebiez

Lebiez is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lebucquière

Lebucquière is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ledinghem

Ledinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lefaux

Lefaux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Leforest

Leforest is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Les Attaques

Les Attaques is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Lespesses

Lespesses is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lespinoy

Lespinoy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lestrem

Lestrem is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Leubringhen

Leubringhen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Leulinghem

Leulinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Leulinghen-Bernes

Leulinghen-Bernes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Libercourt

Libercourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Licques

Licques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Liencourt

Liencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Liettres

Liettres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lignereuil

Lignereuil is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ligny-Saint-Flochel

Ligny-Saint-Flochel is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Ligny-Thilloy

Ligny-Thilloy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ligny-lès-Aire

Ligny-lès-Aire is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ligny-sur-Canche

Ligny-sur-Canche is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lillers

Lillers is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

In the year 700 AD, two Irish princes, Lugli and Luglien, were on a pilgrimage to Rome. On the road between Boulogne and Thérouanne, near Ferfay, they were attacked and killed by robbers. Their servants buried the bodies, but they were moved by a storm to the castle of the Bishop of Thérouanne. This was seen to be a miracle. When the Normans invaded, the bodies, now holy relics, were moved to a safer place on an island with a marsh all around it. Years later, the sister of the princes, Lilia, came to pray at the chapel built to hold the relics. The town was named Lillers, after her.

In World War I, Lillers was the site of a big British military hospital. Nearly 900 soldiers are buried in the cemetery. They include two winners of the Victoria Cross, Corporal William Richard Cotter and Major David Nelson.



Linghem

Linghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Linzeux

Linzeux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lisbourg

Lisbourg is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lières

Lières is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Liévin

Liévin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Locon

Locon is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Loison-sous-Lens

Loison-sous-Lens is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Loison-sur-Créquoise

Loison-sur-Créquoise is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Longfossé

Longfossé is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Longuenesse

Longuenesse is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Longueville, Pas-de-Calais

Longueville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Longvilliers, Pas-de-Calais

Longvilliers, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Loos-en-Gohelle

Loos-en-Gohelle is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lorgies

Lorgies is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lottinghen

Lottinghen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Louches

Louches is a commune that is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lozinghem

Lozinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lugy

Lugy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lumbres

Lumbres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Léchelle, Pas-de-Calais

Léchelle, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Lépine

Lépine is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Magnicourt-en-Comte

Magnicourt-en-Comte is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Magnicourt-sur-Canche

Magnicourt-sur-Canche is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Maintenay

Maintenay is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Maisnil

Maisnil is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Maisnil-lès-Ruitz

Maisnil-lès-Ruitz is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Maisoncelle

Maisoncelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Maizières, Pas-de-Calais

Maizières, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Mametz, Pas-de-Calais

Mametz, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Manin, Pas-de-Calais

Manin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Maninghem

Maninghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Maninghen-Henne

Maninghen-Henne is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.



Marant

Marant is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. In 2006, 73 people lived there.

Marck, Pas-de-Calais

Marck, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Marconne

Marconne is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Marconnelle

Marconnelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Marenla

Marenla is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Maresquel-Ecquemicourt

Maresquel-Ecquemicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Marest

Marest is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Maresville

Maresville is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Marles-les-Mines

Marles-les-Mines is a commune. It is in the region of Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department. This is in the north of France.

Marles-sur-Canche

Marles-sur-Canche is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Marquay, Pas-de-Calais

Marquay, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Marquion

Marquion is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Marquise, Pas-de-Calais

Marquise is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.



Martinpuich

Martinpuich is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Marœuil

Marœuil is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Matringhem

Matringhem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Mazingarbe

Mazingarbe is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Mazinghem

Mazinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Mencas

Mencas is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Menneville, Pas-de-Calais

Menneville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Mentque-Nortbécourt

Mentque-Nortbécourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Mercatel

Mercatel is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Merck-Saint-Liévin

Merck-Saint-Liévin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Merlimont

Merlimont is a commune. It is in the region of Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department. This is in northern France.



Metz-en-Couture

Metz-en-Couture is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department. This in the north of France.

Meurchin

Meurchin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. The closest large town is Lens.

Mingoval

Mingoval is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Roundhay Park

Roundhay Park is a large park in the upmarket suburb of Roundhay in North Leeds. The park is home to two lakes, the Waterloo Lake and the Upper Lake. The Park is also home to Roundhay Mansion, Roundhay Castle and Tropical World.

Roundhay Park was a private hunting ground in the thirteenth century. Thomas Nicholson bought the park in 1803 and in 1811 had John Clarke redesign it as a private park. At the same time the Roundhay Mansion was built. In 1871, the park was bought by Leeds City Council for use by the public. The decision to buy the park was not a popular one, with many people seeing it as a waste of money because the park was so far away from Leeds City Centre. The city grew though in later years through the industrial revolution and the city's rich residents built houses close to the park.

The main lake, Waterloo Lake was built by soldiers after their return from the Napoleonic Wars after the Battle of Waterloo. The lake is deep and in area. It was originally used for boating, but now only fishing. In the twentieth century the boat house was made into a cafe. Until 1900 a steamboat called the "Maid of Athens" ran on the lake. The dam at the south end was once a waterfall.

The Upper Lake is the smaller of the two lakes in the park and is set much higher than Waterloo Lake. Roundhay Castle is on the hill between the two lakes. The Upper Lake has a large fountain in the centre.

The park has seen many concerts, including Party at the Park, a Madonna concert and more recently a Robbie Williams concert.

Moncheaux-lès-Frévent

Moncheaux-lès-Frévent is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Monchel-sur-Canche

Monchel-sur-Canche is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Monchiet

Monchiet is a commune. It is Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Monchy-Breton

Monchy-Breton is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Monchy-Cayeux

Monchy-Cayeux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Monchy-au-Bois

Monchy-au-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Monchy-le-Preux

Monchy-le-Preux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Mondicourt

Mondicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Mont-Bernanchon

Mont-Bernanchon is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Mont-Saint-Éloi

Mont-Saint-Éloi is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Montcavrel

Montcavrel is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Montenescourt

Montenescourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Montigny-en-Gohelle

Montigny-en-Gohelle is a commune in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Montreuil, Pas-de-Calais

Montreuil-sur-Mer (officially, Montreuil) is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Monts-en-Ternois

Monts-en-Ternois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Morchies

Morchies is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Moringhem

Moringhem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais of the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Morval

Morval is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Mory, Pas-de-Calais

Mory is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Moulle

Moulle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Mouriez

Mouriez is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Moyenneville, Pas-de-Calais

Moyenneville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Muncq-Nieurlet

Muncq-Nieurlet is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Méricourt, Pas-de-Calais

Méricourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Nabringhen

Nabringhen is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Nempont-Saint-Firmin

Nempont-Saint-Firmin is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department. This in the north of France.

Nesles

Nesles is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Neufchâtel-Hardelot

Neufchâtel-Hardelot is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Neulette

Neulette is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Neulette is currently under the lordship of the family that owns the town and they have a very huge peasant army of 16. In 1962 we had a population of 40, but a war with our neighbors brought that number down. Without the town of Neulette, the allies would have lost WW2.

Neuve-Chapelle

Neuve-Chapelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Neuville-Bourjonval

Neuville-Bourjonval is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Neuville-Saint-Vaast

Neuville-Saint-Vaast is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Neuville-Vitasse

Neuville-Vitasse is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Neuville-au-Cornet

Neuville-au-Cornet is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Neuville-sous-Montreuil

Neuville-sous-Montreuil is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Neuvireuil

Neuvireuil is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Nielles-lès-Ardres

Nielles-lès-Ardres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Nielles-lès-Bléquin

Nielles-lès-Bléquin is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Nielles-lès-Calais

Nielles-lès-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Nordausques

Nordausques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Noreuil

Noreuil is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Norrent-Fontes

Norrent-Fontes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Nort-Leulinghem

Nort-Leulinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Nortkerque

Nortkerque is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Nouvelle-Église

Nouvelle-Église is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Noyelle-Vion

Noyelle-Vion is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Noyelles-Godault

Noyelles-Godault is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Noyelles-lès-Humières

Noyelles-lès-Humières is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Noyelles-lès-Vermelles

Noyelles-lès-Vermelles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Noyelles-sous-Bellonne

Noyelles-sous-Bellonne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Noyelles-sous-Lens

Noyelles-sous-Lens is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Noyellette

Noyellette is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Nuncq-Hautecôte

Nuncq-Hautecôte is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Nédon

Nédon is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Nédonchel

Nédonchel is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Nœux-les-Mines

Nœux-les-Mines is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Nœux-lès-Auxi

Nœux-lès-Auxi is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Oblinghem

Oblinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Offekerque

Offekerque is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Offin

Offin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Offrethun

Offrethun is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Oignies

Oignies is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. Oignies is twinned with Buxton in England

Oisy-le-Verger

Oisy-le-Verger is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Oppy, Pas-de-Calais

Oppy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Orville, Pas-de-Calais

Orville, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ostreville

Ostreville is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ourton

Ourton is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Outreau

Outreau is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ouve-Wirquin

Ouve-Wirquin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Oye-Plage

Oye-Plage is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Palluel

Palluel () is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Parenty

Parenty is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Pas-en-Artois

Pas-en-Artois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Pelves

Pelves is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Penin

Penin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Pernes, Pas-de-Calais

Pernes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Pernes-lès-Boulogne

Pernes-lès-Boulogne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Peuplingues

Peuplingues is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Pierremont

Pierremont is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Pierremont lies 28 miles (45 km) west of Arras. Here the D99 and the N39 roads cross each other.

Pihem

Pihem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Pihen-lès-Guînes

Pihen-lès-Guînes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Pittefaux

Pittefaux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Planques

Planques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Plouvain

Plouvain is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Polincove

Polincove is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Pommera

Pommera is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Pommier

Pommier is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Pont-à-Vendin

Pont-à-Vendin is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department. This in the north of France.

Pressy

Pressy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Preures

Preures is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Pronville

Pronville is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Prédefin

Prédefin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Puisieux, Pas-de-Calais

Puisieux, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Quelmes

Quelmes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Quercamps

Quercamps is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Quernes

Quernes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Quesques

Quesques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Questrecques

Questrecques is a French commune in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais, in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Questrecques is 7 miles (11 km) southeast of Boulogne-sur-Mer. It is on the riverbanks of the River Liane.

The number of people living in Questrecques goes up most years.
In France, there is a big survey called a census. In the census, the government finds out how many people live in a place.

There is a church in Questrecques. It is called The Church of St. Martin. It is a 15th century church.

Quiestède

Quiestède is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Quilen

Quilen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.

Quiéry-la-Motte

Quiéry-la-Motte is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department. This in the north of France.

Quéant

Quéant is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Quœux-Haut-Maînil

Quœux-Haut-Maînil is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Racquinghem

Racquinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Radinghem

Radinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ramecourt, Pas-de-Calais

Ramecourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rang-du-Fliers

Rang-du-Fliers is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ransart

Ransart is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Raye-sur-Authie

Raye-sur-Authie is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rebecques

Rebecques is a former commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Saint-Augustin.

Rebergues

Rebergues is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rebreuve-Ranchicourt

Rebreuve-Ranchicourt is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rebreuve-sur-Canche

Rebreuve-sur-Canche is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rebreuviette

Rebreuviette is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Reclinghem

Reclinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Recques-sur-Course

Recques-sur-Course is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Recques-sur-Hem

Recques-sur-Hem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Regnauville

Regnauville is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rely, Pas-de-Calais

Rely is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the northern part of France.

Remilly-Wirquin

Remilly-Wirquin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. It is about southwest of Saint-Omer on the D192 road. The commune is on the bank of the Aa river.

Renty

Renty is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rety

Rety is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Richebourg, Pas-de-Calais

Richebourg, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Riencourt-lès-Bapaume

Riencourt-lès-Bapaume is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Riencourt-lès-Cagnicourt

Riencourt-lès-Cagnicourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rimboval

Rimboval is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rinxent

Rinxent is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rivière, Pas-de-Calais

Rivière, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Robecq

Robecq is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Roclincourt

Roclincourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rocquigny, Pas-de-Calais

Rocquigny, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Rodelinghem

Rodelinghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rollancourt

Rollancourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rombly

Rombly is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Roquetoire

Roquetoire is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rougefay

Rougefay is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Roussent

Roussent is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rouvroy, Pas-de-Calais

Rouvroy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Royon

Royon is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Roëllecourt

Roëllecourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ruisseauville

Ruisseauville is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Ruitz

Ruitz is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rumaucourt

Rumaucourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rumilly, Pas-de-Calais

Rumilly, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ruminghem

Ruminghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ruyaulcourt

Ruyaulcourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Récourt

Récourt is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Rémy

Rémy is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Rœux

Rœux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sachin, Pas-de-Calais

Sachin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sailly-Labourse

Sailly-Labourse is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sailly-au-Bois

Sailly-au-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sailly-en-Ostrevent

Sailly-en-Ostrevent is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sailly-sur-la-Lys

Sailly-sur-la-Lys is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sains-en-Gohelle

Sains-en-Gohelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sains-lès-Fressin

Sains-lès-Fressin is a commune in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Sains-lès-Marquion

Sains-lès-Marquion is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sains-lès-Pernes

Sains-lès-Pernes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Amand, Pas-de-Calais

Saint-Amand, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Aubin, Pas-de-Calais

Saint-Aubin, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Saint-Denœux

Saint-Denœux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Floris

Saint-Floris is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department. This in the north of France.

Saint-Folquin

Saint-Folquin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Georges, Pas-de-Calais

Saint-Georges, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.



Saint-Hilaire-Cottes

Saint-Hilaire-Cottes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Inglevert

Saint-Inglevert is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Josse

Saint-Josse is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Laurent-Blangy

Saint-Laurent-Blangy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Léger, Pas-de-Calais

Saint-Léger, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Saint-Léonard, Pas-de-Calais

Saint-Léonard, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Saint-Martin-Boulogne

Saint-Martin-Boulogne is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Martin-Choquel

Saint-Martin-Choquel is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Martin-au-Laërt

Saint-Martin-au-Laërt is a former commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Saint-Martin-lez-Tatinghem.

Saint-Martin-d'Hardinghem

Saint-Martin-d'Hardinghem is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Martin-sur-Cojeul

Saint-Martin-sur-Cojeul is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Michel-sous-Bois

Saint-Michel-sous-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Michel-sur-Ternoise

Saint-Michel-sur-Ternoise is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Nicolas, Pas-de-Calais

Saint-Nicolas, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Omer

Saint-Omer is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Omer-Capelle

Saint-Omer-Capelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise

Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Rémy-au-Bois

Saint-Rémy-au-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Tricat

Saint-Tricat is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Venant

Saint-Venant is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saint-Étienne-au-Mont

Saint-Étienne-au-Mont is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sainte-Austreberthe, Pas-de-Calais

Sainte-Austreberthe, Pas-de-Calais is a commune in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Sainte-Catherine-lès-Arras

Sainte-Catherine-lès-Arras is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sainte-Marie-Kerque

Sainte-Marie-Kerque is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sallaumines

Sallaumines is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Salperwick

Salperwick is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Samer

Samer is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sangatte

Sangatte is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sanghen

Sanghen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sapignies

Sapignies is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sars-le-Bois

Sars-le-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sarton, Pas-de-Calais

Sarton is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sauchy-Cauchy

Sauchy-Cauchy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sauchy-Lestrée

Sauchy-Lestrée is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saudemont

Saudemont is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saulchoy

Saulchoy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Saulty

Saulty is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Savy-Berlette

Savy-Berlette is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Selles, Pas-de-Calais

Selles, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sempy

Sempy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Seninghem

Seninghem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Senlecques

Senlecques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Senlis, Pas-de-Calais

Senlis, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. The church of Notre-Dame is in this area.

Serques

Serques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Servins

Servins is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Setques

Setques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sibiville

Sibiville is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Simencourt

Simencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Siracourt

Siracourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sombrin

Sombrin is a commune in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Sorrus

Sorrus is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Souastre

Souastre is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Souchez

Souchez is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Surques

Surques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Sus-Saint-Léger

Sus-Saint-Léger is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Séricourt

Séricourt is a commune. It is Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.

Tangry

Tangry is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tardinghen

Tardinghen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tatinghem

Tatinghem is a former commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Saint-Martin-lez-Tatinghem.

Teneur

Teneur is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ternas

Ternas is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Thiembronne

Thiembronne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Thièvres, Pas-de-Calais

Thièvres, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Thélus

Thélus is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Thérouanne

Thérouanne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tigny-Noyelle

Tigny-Noyelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tilloy-lès-Hermaville

Tilloy-lès-Hermaville is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tilloy-lès-Mofflaines

Tilloy-lès-Mofflaines is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Tilly-Capelle

Tilly-Capelle is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tilques

Tilques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tincques

Tincques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tingry

Tingry is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tollent

Tollent is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Torcy, Pas-de-Calais

Torcy, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tortefontaine

Tortefontaine is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tortequesne

Tortequesne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tournehem-sur-la-Hem

Tournehem-sur-la-Hem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.



Tramecourt

Tramecourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Trescault

Trescault is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Troisvaux

Troisvaux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Tubersent

Tubersent is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. 

Vacquerie-le-Boucq

Vacquerie-le-Boucq is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vacqueriette-Erquières

Vacqueriette-Erquières is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Valhuon

Valhuon is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vaudricourt, Pas-de-Calais

Vaudricourt, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Vaudringhem

Vaudringhem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vaulx, Pas-de-Calais

Vaulx, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vaulx-Vraucourt

Vaulx-Vraucourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vendin-le-Vieil

Vendin-le-Vieil is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vendin-lès-Béthune

Vendin-lès-Béthune is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Verchin

Verchin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Verchocq

Verchocq is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Verlincthun

Verlincthun is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Vermelles

Vermelles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Verquin

Verquin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Verton

Verton is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vieil-Hesdin

Vieil-Hesdin is a French commune. It is in the region of Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department. This is in the north of France.

Vieil-Moutier

Vieil-Moutier is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vieille-Chapelle

Vieille-Chapelle is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vieille-Église

Vieille-Église is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Villers-Brûlin

Villers-Brûlin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Villers-Châtel

Villers-Châtel is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Villers-Sir-Simon

Villers-Sir-Simon is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Villers-au-Bois

Villers-au-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Villers-au-Flos

Villers-au-Flos is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Villers-l'Hôpital

Villers-l'Hôpital is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Villers-lès-Cagnicourt

Villers-lès-Cagnicourt is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Vimy

Vimy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vincly

Vincly is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Violaines

Violaines is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vis-en-Artois

Vis-en-Artois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vitry-en-Artois

Vitry-en-Artois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vélu

Vélu is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Waben

Waben is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wacquinghen

Wacquinghen is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wail

Wail is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wailly

Wailly is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wailly-Beaucamp

Wailly-Beaucamp is a commune. It is in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.

Wambercourt

Wambercourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wamin

Wamin is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wancourt

Wancourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wanquetin

Wanquetin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wardrecques

Wardrecques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Warlencourt-Eaucourt

Warlencourt-Eaucourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Warlincourt-lès-Pas

Warlincourt-lès-Pas is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Warlus, Pas-de-Calais

Warlus is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Warluzel

Warluzel is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wavrans-sur-Ternoise

Wavrans-sur-Ternoise is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wavrans-sur-l'Aa

Wavrans-sur-l'Aa is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

It lies on top of a volcano.

Westrehem

Westrehem is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wicquinghem

Wicquinghem is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Widehem

Widehem is a commune. It is found in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.


Wierre-Effroy

Wierre-Effroy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wierre-au-Bois

Wierre-au-Bois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Willeman

Willeman is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France. In 2007, 174 people lived in Willeman.

Willencourt

Willencourt is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Willerval

Willerval is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wimereux

Wimereux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wimille

Wimille is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wingles

Wingles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wirwignes

Wirwignes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wismes

Wismes is a commune. It is in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wisques

Wisques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wissant

Wissant is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Witternesse

Witternesse is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wittes

Wittes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Wizernes

Wizernes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ytres

Ytres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Zoteux

Zoteux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Zouafques

Zouafques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Zudausques

Zudausques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Zutkerque

Zutkerque is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Éclimeux

Éclimeux is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Écoivres

Écoivres is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Écourt-Saint-Quentin

Écourt-Saint-Quentin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Écoust-Saint-Mein

Écoust-Saint-Mein is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Écuires

Écuires is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Écurie

Écurie is a commune. It is in Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in north France.



Éleu-dit-Leauwette

Éleu-dit-Leauwette is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Éperlecques

Éperlecques is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Épinoy

Épinoy is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Équihen-Plage

Équihen-Plage is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Équirre

Équirre is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Érin

Érin is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Étaing

Étaing is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Étaples

Étaples is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Éterpigny, Pas-de-Calais

Éterpigny, Pas-de-Calais is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Étrun

Étrun is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Évin-Malmaison

Évin-Malmaison is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Œuf-en-Ternois

Œuf-en-Ternois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Ada, Oklahoma

Ada is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Pontotoc County.

Aline, Oklahoma

Aline is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. According to 2020 US Census, there were 168 people living there.

Altus, Oklahoma

Altus is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Jackson County.

Alva, Oklahoma

Alva is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Woods County.

Antlers, Oklahoma

Antlers is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Pushmataha County.

Ardmore, Oklahoma

Ardmore is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Carter County.

Asher, Oklahoma

Asher is a town in Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 370 at the 2020 census, a decline of 5.9 percent from 393 at the 2010 census.

Asher is located at (34.988580, -96.926550), at the intersection of U.S. Highway 177 and State Highway 39 in Pottawatomie County. According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , all of it land.

Atoka, Oklahoma

Atoka is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Atoka County.

Barnsdall, Oklahoma

Barnsdall is a city in Osage County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 1,034 at the 2020 census, a decline of 16.8 percent from 1,243 at the 2020 census.


Bartlesville, Oklahoma

Bartlesville is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Washington County.

Beaver, Oklahoma

Beaver is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Beaver County. In 2020, around 1,280 people lived in Beaver.


Beggs, Oklahoma

Beggs is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.


Bethany, Oklahoma

Bethany is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.


Blackwell, Oklahoma

Blackwell is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.


Blanchard, Oklahoma

Blanchard is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. From the 2020 census, 8,879 people live in Blanchard. Blanchard is in a area that is growing fast, named the "Tri-City Area".

Blanchard was made by the Canadian Valley Construction Company, and named after William G. "Bill" Blanchard. Blanchard was made because they wanted to make a railroad, witch was started by the Canadian Valley Construction Company, and finished by Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. The town was fully made after selling off land 3 times. The Blanchard post office was made in 1906, and a court room came in 1909.

Boise City, Oklahoma

Boise City is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Cimarron County.

Boise City was founded in 1908, and was incorporated in 1925. It was severely affected by the dust bowl. It was mistakenly bombed by a U.S. bomber crew during training on July 5, 1943, during World War II.

Bowlegs, Oklahoma

Bowlegs is a city in Oklahoma, United States. It is in Seminole County. It was named from an early resident, Lula Bowlegs. 

There are 357 people there as of 2020.

Bridgeport, Oklahoma

Bridgeport is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Bristow, Oklahoma

Bristow is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Broken Bow, Oklahoma

Broken Bow is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Bunch, Oklahoma

Bunch is an unincorporated community of Oklahoma in the United States. It is in southwestern Adair County.

Cache, Oklahoma

Cache is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Catoosa, Oklahoma

Catoosa is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Cedar Valley, Oklahoma

Cedar Valley is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Centrahoma, Oklahoma

Centrahoma is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Chandler, Oklahoma

Chandler is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Lincoln County.

Checotah, Oklahoma

Checotah is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Chelsea, Oklahoma

Chelsea is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Cherokee, Oklahoma

Cherokee is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Alfalfa County.

Chickasha, Oklahoma

Chickasha is a city of Grady County in the state of Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Grady County.

Endangered language

An endangered language is a language with very few native speakers, so it may become extinct.


Claremore, Oklahoma

Claremore is a city and county seat of Rogers County in the state of Oklahoma, United States. About 19,600 people were living in Claremore as of 2020.

Cleveland, Oklahoma

Cleveland is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Clinton, Oklahoma

Clinton is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Coalgate, Oklahoma

Coalgate is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Coal County.

Collinsville, Oklahoma

Collinsville is a city in Rogers and Tulsa counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. About 7,881 people were living in Collinsville in the year 2020.

Comanche, Oklahoma

Comanche is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Commerce, Oklahoma

Commerce is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Crescent, Oklahoma

Crescent is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Cromwell, Oklahoma

Cromwell is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Cushing, Oklahoma

Cushing (Pawnee: "Túhkiicahihtuʾ" ) is a city in Payne County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 8,327 at the 2020 census, an increase of 6.4 percent from 7,826 at the 2010 census.

Davis, Oklahoma

Davis is a city in the state of Oklahoma in the United States. The population was 2,823 at the 2020 census. Davis is the home of the 1979, 1986, 1990, and 1995 Oklahoma State Football Championship teams (Runner-up in 1951, 2000, 2003, and 2005). The mascot of Davis Public Schools is the "Wolves."


Del City, Oklahoma

Del City is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 21,822 people lived there.

Dewey, Oklahoma

Dewey is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Drumright, Oklahoma

Drumright is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Duncan, Oklahoma

Duncan is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Stephens County. Actor and director Ron Howard was born here on March 1, 1954.

Durant, Oklahoma

Durant is a city in Bryan County, Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Bryan County. The population was 18,589 at the 2020 census.

Durant is home to Southeastern Oklahoma State University and the headquarters of the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma. The city is officially known as the Magnolia Capital of Oklahoma.




El Reno, Oklahoma

El Reno is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Canadian County, Oklahoma.

Elgin, Oklahoma

Elgin is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Elk City, Oklahoma

Elk City is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Erick, Oklahoma

Erick is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Eufaula, Oklahoma

Eufaula is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of McIntosh County.

Fairview, Oklahoma

Fairview is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Major County.

Frederick, Oklahoma

Frederick is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Tillman County.

Garber, Oklahoma

Garber is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Geary, Oklahoma

Geary is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Glenpool, Oklahoma

Glenpool is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It currently has 14,040 people living in it (number of people measured in 2020).

Gould, Oklahoma

Gould is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Grandfield, Oklahoma

Grandfield is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It had 919 people in the 2020 census.

Grove, Oklahoma

Grove is a city in the state of Oklahoma in the United States.

Grove has a total area of 9.5 square miles.

Guthrie, Oklahoma

Guthrie is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Logan County.

Guymon, Oklahoma

Guymon is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the largest city in the Oklahoma Panhandle, which is the western tip of Oklahoma that sticks out. It is the county seat of Texas County.

The area was settled in the 1890s. The city was incorporated in 1901, originally as Sanford. It was renamed a month later to avoid confusion with another city with a similar name. It became the country seat of Texas county in 1907, when Oklahoma became a state.

The town was hit by Black Sunday (storm) on April 14, 1935.

Haileyville, Oklahoma

Haileyville is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Harrah, Oklahoma

Harrah is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Hartshorne, Oklahoma

Hartshorne is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Healdton, Oklahoma

Healdton is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Heavener, Oklahoma

Heavener is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Henryetta, Oklahoma

Henryetta is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Hobart, Oklahoma

Hobart is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Kiowa County.

Holdenville, Oklahoma

Holdenville is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Hughes County.

Hollis, Oklahoma

Hollis is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Harmon County.

Hominy, Oklahoma

Hominy is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Hooker, Oklahoma

Hooker is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Hugo, Oklahoma

Hugo is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Choctaw County.

Inola, Oklahoma

Inola is a town of Rogers County in the state of Oklahoma, United States.

Jay, Oklahoma

Jay is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Delaware County.

Kaw City, Oklahoma

Kaw City is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is in Kay County.

Kingfisher, Oklahoma

Kingfisher is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Kingfisher County.

Konawa, Oklahoma

Konawa is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Krebs, Oklahoma

Krebs is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Langston, Oklahoma

Langston is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Lehigh, Oklahoma

Lehigh is a city of Coal County in the state of Oklahoma in the United States. 272 people were living in Lehigh as of 2020.

Lexington, Oklahoma

Lexington is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Lindsay, Oklahoma

Lindsay is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Lone Grove, Oklahoma

Lone Grove is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Madill, Oklahoma

Madill is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Marshall County.

Mangum, Oklahoma

Mangum is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Greer County.


Marietta, Oklahoma

Marietta is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Love County.

Marlow, Oklahoma

Marlow is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Maud, Oklahoma

Maud is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

McAlester, Oklahoma

McAlester is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Pittsburg County.

Medford, Oklahoma

Medford is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Grant County.

Meeker, Oklahoma

Meeker is a city in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Miami, Oklahoma

Miami is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Ottawa County.

Minco, Oklahoma

Minco is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Morris, Oklahoma

Morris is a city in the state of Oklahoma in the United States.

Morris has a total area of 1.3 square miles.

Muskogee, Oklahoma

Muskogee is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Muskogee County.

Mustang, Oklahoma

Mustang is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

New Cordell, Oklahoma

New Cordell is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Washita County.

Newcastle, Oklahoma

Newcastle is a city in McClain County, Oklahoma, United States. In 2020, 10,984 people lived there.

Newkirk, Oklahoma

Newkirk is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Kay County.

Nichols Hills, Oklahoma

Nichols Hills is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Nicoma Park, Oklahoma

Nicoma Park is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Noble, Oklahoma

Noble is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Nowata, Oklahoma

Nowata is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Nowata County.

Oakhurst, Oklahoma

Oakhurst is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Oilton, Oklahoma

Oilton is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Okmulgee, Oklahoma

Okmulgee is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Okmulgee County.

Pauls Valley, Oklahoma

Pauls Valley is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Garvin County.

Pawhuska, Oklahoma

Pawhuska is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Osage County.

Pawnee, Oklahoma

Pawnee is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Pawnee County.

Perkins, Oklahoma

Perkins is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Perry, Oklahoma

Perry is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Noble County.

Picher, Oklahoma

Picher is a ghost town in Oklahoma in the United States. It was contaminated by mining. Picher was a city until 2009, when the government was dissolved.

Piedmont, Oklahoma

Piedmont is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Ponca City, Oklahoma

Ponca City is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 24,424 people lived there.

Pond Creek, Oklahoma

Pond Creek is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is in Grant County. It is along the Salt Fork Arkansas River. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 885.

Poteau, Oklahoma

Poteau is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Le Flore County.

Prague, Oklahoma

Prague is a city of Lincoln County in the state of Oklahoma, United States. 

Pryor Creek, Oklahoma

Pryor Creek is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Mayes County.

Purcell, Oklahoma

Purcell is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of McClain County.

Red Oak, Oklahoma

Red Oak is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Ringwood, Oklahoma

Ringwood is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Ripley, Oklahoma

Ripley is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Sallisaw, Oklahoma

Sallisaw is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Sequoyah County.

Sand Springs, Oklahoma

Sand Springs is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Sapulpa, Oklahoma

Sapulpa is a city of the Creek and Tulsa counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. Around 21,929 people were living in Sapulpa as of 2020. It is the county seat of Creek County. Sapulpa has an area of 24.2 square miles.

Sasakwa, Oklahoma

Sasakwa is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Sayre, Oklahoma

Sayre is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Beckham County

Seiling, Oklahoma

Seiling is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Seminole, Oklahoma

Seminole is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Shawnee, Oklahoma

Shawnee is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Pottawatomie County.

Shidler, Oklahoma

Shidler is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Snyder, Oklahoma

Snyder is a city in Oklahoma in the United States with territory in the shape of a butcher's knife.

Spencer, Oklahoma

Spencer is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Stigler, Oklahoma

Stigler is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Haskell County.

Stilwell, Oklahoma

Stilwell is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Adair County. Frank Garrett lives there.

Stroud, Oklahoma

Stroud is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. In the 2020 census it had a population of 2,719.
It is 11.5 square miles in land area and has a population density of 240 people per square mile. It is twinned with Stroud in the United Kingdom

Stroud was founded in 1892 by James William Stroud, a developer. Early in its history, Stroud lay in Oklahoma Territory, where alcoholic drinks could be sold legally.

Sulphur, Oklahoma

Sulphur is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Murray County.

Tecumseh, Oklahoma

Tecumseh is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

The Village, Oklahoma

The Village is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Thomas, Oklahoma

Thomas is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Tishomingo, Oklahoma

Tishomingo is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Johnston County.

Tonkawa, Oklahoma

Tonkawa is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Tupelo, Oklahoma

Tupelo is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Tuttle, Oklahoma

Tuttle is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. There were 7,413 people living in the city in 2020. Tuttle is 27 miles southwest of Oklahoma City. Settled in 1901, Tuttle is named after James H. Tuttle, a rancher who married a Choctaw woman.

Vinita, Oklahoma

Vinita is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Craig County.

Walters, Oklahoma

Walters is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Cotton County.

Wapanucka, Oklahoma

Wapanucka is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Warr Acres, Oklahoma

Warr Acres is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Watonga, Oklahoma

Watonga is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Blaine County.

Waurika, Oklahoma

Waurika is a city in the United States state of Oklahoma. It is the county seat of Jefferson County.

Waynoka, Oklahoma

Waynoka is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Weatherford, Oklahoma

Weatherford is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. There were 12,076 people living in Weatherford during the 2020 census. The GPS coordinates for Weatherford are . Weatherford is above sea level. The city has a total area of .

Wetumka, Oklahoma

Wetumka is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Wewoka, Oklahoma

Wewoka is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Seminole County.

Wilburton, Oklahoma

Wilburton is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Latimer County.

Wilson, Oklahoma

Wilson is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Woodward, Oklahoma

Woodward is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Woodward County.

Wynnewood, Oklahoma

Wynnewood is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Yale, Oklahoma

Yale is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. The population was 1,059 as of 2020.

Yukon, Oklahoma

Yukon is a city in Oklahoma in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 23,630 people lived there.

Zeb, Oklahoma

Zeb is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Zena, Oklahoma

Zena is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Arcadia, Oklahoma

Arcadia is a town in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area. The population was 169 at the 2020 census.

Adairville, Kentucky

Adairville is a city of Kentucky in the United States. As of the census of 2020, there were 837 people living in Adairville. The people made up 357 households.

Albany, Kentucky

Albany is a city of Clinton County in the state of Kentucky in the United States. As of the census of 2020, there were 1,760 people living in Albany. These people made up 809 households.

Alexandria, Kentucky

Alexandria is a city in and the county seat of Campbell County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 10,341 at the 2020 census.

Allen, Kentucky

Allen is a city of Kentucky in the United States. 

As of the census of 2020, there were 182 people living in Allen. These people made up 83 households.

Anchorage, Kentucky

Anchorage is a city of Kentucky in the United States. As of the census of 2020, there were 2,500 people living in Anchorage. These people made up 784 households.

Arlington, Kentucky

Arlington is a city of Kentucky in the United States. As of the census of 2020, there were 264 people living in Arlington. These people made up 130 households.

Ashland, Kentucky

Ashland is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Boyd County. In 2020, 21,625 people were living in Ashland.

WWE Diva Jillian Hall was born in Ashland.


Auburn, Kentucky

Auburn is a city of Kentucky in the United States. Auburn was originally called Federal Grove, during the 1860s they changed their name to honour Auburn, New York.

Audubon Park, Kentucky

Audubon Park is a city of Kentucky in the United States. 

As of the census of 2020, there were 1,433 people living in the city. These people made up 601 households.

Augusta, Kentucky

Augusta is a city of Kentucky in the United States. 

As of the census of 2020, there were 1,096 people living in Augusta. These people made up 499 households.

Bancroft, Kentucky

Bancroft is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Barbourmeade, Kentucky

Barbourmeade is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Barbourville, Kentucky

Barbourville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Bardstown, Kentucky

Bardstown is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Bardwell, Kentucky

Bardwell is a city in the State of Kentucky, in the United States.

Barlow, Kentucky

Barlow is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Beattyville, Kentucky

Beattyville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Beaver Dam, Kentucky

Beaver Dam is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Beaver Dam has a total area of 3 square miles.

Bedford, Kentucky

Bedford is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Beechwood Village, Kentucky

Beechwood Village is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Bellefonte, Kentucky

Bellefonte is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Bellemeade, Kentucky

Bellemeade is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Bellevue, Kentucky

Bellevue is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Campbell County, Kentucky. The population was 5,548 at the 2020 census.

Bellewood, Kentucky

Bellewood is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Benham, Kentucky

Benham is a city in Harlan County, Kentucky in the United States.

Benton, Kentucky

Benton is a city and county seat of Marshall County, Kentucky in the United States.

Berea, Kentucky

Berea is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Berry, Kentucky

Berry is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Blackey, Kentucky

Blackey is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Blaine, Kentucky

Blaine is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Lawrence County.

Bloomfield, Kentucky

Bloomfield is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Blue Ridge Manor, Kentucky

Blue Ridge Manor is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Bonnieville, Kentucky

Bonnieville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Booneville, Kentucky

Booneville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Bowling Green, Kentucky

Bowling Green is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is southeast of Owensboro, Kentucky. The Confederates had it at the beginning of the Civil War until 1862. It has a population around 72,000 people.

Bradfordsville, Kentucky

Bradfordsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Brandenburg, Kentucky

Brandenburg is a city and the county seat of Meade County, Kentucky, United States.

Bremen, Kentucky

Bremen is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Briarwood, Kentucky

Briarwood is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Brodhead, Kentucky

Brodhead is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Broeck Pointe, Kentucky

Broeck Pointe is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Bromley, Kentucky

Bromley is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Kenton County.

Brooksville, Kentucky

Brooksville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Brownsboro Farm, Kentucky

Brownsboro Farm is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Brownsboro Village, Kentucky

Brownsboro Village is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Brownsville, Kentucky

Brownsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Buckhorn, Kentucky

Buckhorn is a city of Perry County in the state of Kentucky, United States.

Burgin, Kentucky

Burgin is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Burkesville, Kentucky

Burkesville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Burnside, Kentucky

Burnside is a city of Pulaski County in the state of Kentucky in the United States.

Butler, Kentucky

Butler is a city in Pendleton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Cadiz, Kentucky

Cadiz is a city in Kentucky in the United States. It is the county seat of Trigg County.

Calhoun, Kentucky

Calhoun is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

California, Kentucky

California is a home-rule class city of Kentucky in the United States.

Calvert City, Kentucky

Calvert City is a city in Marshall County, Kentucky in the United States.

Camargo, Kentucky

Camargo is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Cambridge, Kentucky

Cambridge is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Campbellsburg, Kentucky

Campbellsburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States. According to the 2020 census, there were 836 people.

Campbellsville, Kentucky

Campbellsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Campton, Kentucky

Campton is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Caneyville, Kentucky

Caneyville is a city of Grayson County in the state of Kentucky, United States.

Carlisle, Kentucky

Carlisle is a city of Kentucky in the United States. Carlisle is the county seat, of Nicholas County.
Carlisle has a population of around 2,000 people, and is located around the middle of Kentucky. It is also along Kentucky Route 36 and Kentucky Route 32, both which are large roads.

Carrollton, Kentucky

Carrollton is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Carrsville, Kentucky

Carrsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Catlettsburg, Kentucky

Catlettsburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Cave City, Kentucky

Cave City is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Cecilia, Kentucky

Cecilia is an unincorporated community in Hardin County, Kentucky, United States.

Centertown, Kentucky

Centertown is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Central City, Kentucky

Central City is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Clarkson, Kentucky

Clarkson is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Grayson County.

Clay, Kentucky

Clay is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Clay was created in 1854.

Clay City, Kentucky

Clay City is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Clinton, Kentucky

Clinton is a city of Kentucky in the United States. The population of Clinton was 1,222 at the 2020 census.

Cloverport, Kentucky

Cloverport is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is built beside the Ohio River. On July 10 1889, Cloverport became the first city in Kentucky to use natural gas for street lighting. In 2008, the Frederick Fraize High School in Cloverport was named as one of the top high schools in America.

Coal Run Village, Kentucky

Coal Run Village is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Cold Spring, Kentucky

Cold Spring is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Coldstream, Kentucky

Coldstream is a city of Kentucky in the United States. The population in 2020 was 1,295. It was founded in 1983.

Columbia, Kentucky

Columbia is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Columbus, Kentucky

Columbus is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Concord, Kentucky

Concord is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Corbin, Kentucky

Corbin is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Corinth, Kentucky

Corinth is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Corydon, Kentucky

Corydon is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Covington, Kentucky

Covington is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States. It is one of its county's two seats, along with Independence.

Crab Orchard, Kentucky

Crab Orchard is a city of Kentucky in the United States. About 744 people live here as of 2020.

Creekside, Kentucky

Creekside is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Crescent Springs, Kentucky

Crescent Springs is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Crestview, Kentucky

Crestview is a city if Kentucky, United States.

Crestview Hills, Kentucky

Crestview Hills is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Crestwood, Kentucky

Crestwood is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Crittenden, Kentucky

Crittenden is a city in Grant County, Kentucky in the United States.

Crofton, Kentucky

Crofton is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Crossgate, Kentucky

Crossgate is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Cumberland, Kentucky

Cumberland is a city in Harlan County, Kentucky in the United States.

Cynthiana, Kentucky

Cynthiana is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Danville, Kentucky

Danville is a city of Kentucky in the United States. In 2012 it was the place where Vice President Joe Biden debated Congressman Paul Ryan.



Dawson Springs, Kentucky

Dawson Springs is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Dayton, Kentucky

Dayton is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Dixon, Kentucky

Dixon is a city in Webster County, Kentucky, United States.

Douglass Hills, Kentucky

Douglass Hills is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Dover, Kentucky

Dover is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Dover has 221 people living there, as of 2020.

Drakesboro, Kentucky

Drakesboro is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Druid Hills, Kentucky

Druid Hills is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Dry Ridge, Kentucky

Dry Ridge is a city in Grant County, Kentucky in the United States.

Earlington, Kentucky

Earlington is a city of Kentucky in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 1,257.

Earlington was founded by European Americans in 1870 around the area coal fields. Upon its incorporation a year later, it was formally named for John Baylis Earle, a lawyer who was central to developing the coal industry in the region.

Earlington is located at (37.274050, -87.511388).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which is land and (4.1%) is water.

As of the census of 2020, there were 1,257 people living in the city. The population density was 445.6 people per square mile (172.0/km²). There were 722 housing units, and 226 of them were empty. The racial makeup of the city was 71.3% White, 19.6% Black or African American, 2.5% from other races, and 6.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.1% of the population.

There were 496 households out of which 35.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.3% were married couples living together, 8.9% were unmarried couples living together, 33.5% had a female householder with no husband or partner, and 18.3% had a male householder with no wife or partner. 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53.

Of the people in Earlington, 25.5% were under the age of 18, 8.8% were from 18 to 24, 24.4% were from 25 to 44, 25.1% were from 45 to 64, and 16.1% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.2 years. For every 100 females there were 93 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $42,969, and the median income for a family was $43,958. The per capita income for the city was $21,799. About 26.1% of families and 25.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 47.2% of those under age 18 and 3.1% of those age 65 or over.

Eddyville, Kentucky

Eddyville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Edgewood, Kentucky

Edgewood is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Edmonton, Kentucky

Edmonton is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Ekron, Kentucky

Ekron is a city in Meade County, Kentucky in the United States of America.

Elizabethtown, Kentucky

Elizabethtown is a city and the county seat of Hardin County Kentucky, United States.

Elkhorn City, Kentucky

Elkhorn City is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Elkton, Kentucky

Elkton is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Elsmere, Kentucky

Elsmere is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Eminence, Kentucky

Eminence is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Erlanger, Kentucky

Erlanger is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Eubank, Kentucky

Eubank is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Evarts, Kentucky

Evarts is a city in Harlan County, Kentucky in the United States.

Ewing, Kentucky

Ewing is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Fairfield, Kentucky

Fairfield is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Fairfield has 118 people living in its borders, as of 2020.

Fairview, Kenton County, Kentucky

Fairview is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Falmouth, Kentucky

Falmouth is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is the county seat of Pendleton County

Ferguson, Kentucky

Ferguson is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Fincastle, Kentucky

Fincastle is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Flatwoods, Kentucky

Flatwoods is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Fleming-Neon, Kentucky

Fleming-Neon is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Flemingsburg, Kentucky

Flemingsburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is the county seat of Fleming County.

Florence, Kentucky

Florence is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Fordsville, Kentucky

Fordsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Ohio County. The town is named for early merchant Elisha Ford.

Forest Hills, Kentucky

Forest Hills is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Jefferson County.

Fort Mitchell, Kentucky

Fort Mitchell is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Fort Thomas, Kentucky

Fort Thomas is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Before Europeans lived in Fort Thomas, native american tribes lived there. Tribes like the Shawnee, Cherokee, and the Miami all lived in Fort Thomas.

Fort Wright, Kentucky

Fort Wright is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Fountain Run, Kentucky

Fountain Run is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Fox Chase, Kentucky

Fox Chase is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Franklin, Kentucky

Franklin is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Fredonia, Kentucky

Fredonia is a city of Kentucky in the United States. Fredonia was named after the baby daughter of the man who made plans for the city. In 2020, 372 people lived in Fredonia. Of those people, 175 (47.0%) were male and 197 (53.0%) were female.

Frenchburg, Kentucky

Frenchburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Fulton, Kentucky

Fulton is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Fulton has a total area of 3 square miles.

Gamaliel, Kentucky

Gamaliel is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Germantown, Kentucky

Germantown is a city of Kentucky in the United States. The population is 146 as of 2020.


Ghent, Kentucky

Ghent is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Glasgow, Kentucky

Glasgow is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Glencoe, Kentucky

Glencoe is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Glenview, Kentucky

Glenview is a city in the U.S state of Kentucky.

Glenview Hills, Kentucky

Glenview Hills is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Glenview Manor, Kentucky

Glenview Manor is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Jefferson County. The population was 206 at the 2020 census.

Goose Creek, Kentucky

Goose Creek is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Jefferson County. The population was 303 at the 2020 census.

Goshen, Kentucky

Goshen is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Goshen has a population of 892 people, as of 2020.

Grand Rivers, Kentucky

Grand Rivers is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Gratz, Kentucky

Gratz is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Graymoor-Devondale, Kentucky

Graymoor-Devondale is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Grayson, Kentucky

Grayson is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Green Spring, Kentucky

Green Spring is a city of Kentucky in the United States. 

Its population was 711 as of 2020.

Greensburg, Kentucky

Greensburg is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Greenup, Kentucky

Greenup is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Greenville, Kentucky

Greenville is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is the seat of its county. The population was 4,492 at the 2020 census.

The town was settled in 1799 on an estate donated by local landowner William Campbell in order to establish a seat of government for a new county. Greenville was not established by the state assembly until 1812, however. It was incorporated as a city in 1848.

The city was probably named for the Revolutionary War general Nathanael Greene. Local lore holds it was named by Campbell's wife after the abundant forests seen from the town's hilltop location.

Greenville is located at (37.207158, -87.176499).

The 1987 "Encyclopedia of Kentucky" refers to Greenville as "the unofficial capital of the Black Belt", a reference to the area's production of coal and dark tobacco.



Guthrie, Kentucky

Guthrie is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hanson, Kentucky

Hanson is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hanson has a total area of 2.3 square miles.

Hardin, Kentucky

Hardin is a city in Marshall County, Kentucky in the United States.

Hardinsburg, Kentucky

Hardinsburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Harlan, Kentucky

Harlan is a city and the county seat of Harlan County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 1,776 at the 2020 census.

Harlan is one of three Kentucky county seats to share its name with its county, the others being Greenup and Henderson.

Harrodsburg, Kentucky

Harrodsburg is a city in Mercer County, Kentucky, United States. It is the seat of its county. The population was 9,064 at the 2020 census. It is the first town created in Kentucky.

Hartford, Kentucky

Hartford is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hawesville, Kentucky

Hawesville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hawesville was created in 1847.

Hazard, Kentucky

Hazard is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is built on the North Fork of the Kentucky River.

The first European settler was Elijah Combs who built a house near the river in 1795. In 1821, the village became the seat of the local government area called Perry County. The village was first called Perry County Court House. The town was called Hazard in early records, and the post office, built in 1854 was called Hazard. The name became official in 1884. The name Hazard came from Oliver Hazard Perry, a naval hero from the Revolutionary War of 1812.


Hazel, Kentucky

Hazel is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Henderson, Kentucky

Henderson is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hickman, Kentucky

Hickman is a city in Kentucky in the United States. It is the county seat of Fulton County. Hickman had a population of 2,365 at the 2020 census.

Hickory Hill, Kentucky

Hickory Hill is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Highland Heights, Kentucky

Highland Heights is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hills and Dales, Kentucky

Hills and Dales is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hillview, Kentucky

Hillview is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hindman, Kentucky

Hindman is a city in Kentucky in the United States. It is the county seat of Knott County. There were 701 people as of 2020.


Hiseville, Kentucky

Hiseville is an unincorporated community of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Barren County.

Hollow Creek, Kentucky

Hollow Creek is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hollyvilla, Kentucky

Hollyvilla is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hollyvilla has a population of 518 people, as of 2020.

Hopkinsville, Kentucky

Hopkinsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Horse Cave, Kentucky

Horse Cave is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Horse Cave has a total area of 3.2 square miles.

Houston Acres, Kentucky

Houston Acres is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Houston Acres has a total area of .1 square miles.

Hunters Hollow, Kentucky

Hunters Hollow is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hurstbourne, Kentucky

Hurstbourne is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hurstbourne Acres, Kentucky

Hurstbourne Acres is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hustonville, Kentucky

Hustonville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hyden, Kentucky

Hyden is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is the county seat of Leslie County.

Independence, Kentucky

Independence is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States. It is one of its county's two seats, along with Covington.

Indian Hills, Kentucky

Indian Hills is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Inez, Kentucky

Inez is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Irvine, Kentucky

Irvine () is a home rule-class city in Estill County, Kentucky, in the United States. It is the seat of its county. Its population was 2,360 at the time of the 2020 census. It is near the Kentucky River.

Irvington, Kentucky

Irvington is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Island, Kentucky

Island is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Jackson, Kentucky

Jackson is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Jamestown, Kentucky

Jamestown is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Jeffersontown, Kentucky

Jeffersontown is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Jeffersonville, Kentucky

Jeffersonville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Jenkins, Kentucky

Jenkins is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Junction City, Kentucky

Junction City is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Boyle County.

Kenton Vale, Kentucky

Kenton Vale is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Kevil, Kentucky

Kevil is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Kingsley, Kentucky

Kingsley is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Kuttawa, Kentucky

Kuttawa is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

LaFayette, Kentucky

LaFayette is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

LaCenter, Kentucky

LaCenter is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

La Grange, Kentucky

La Grange is a city of Oldham County in Kentucky in the United States.

Lakeside Park, Kentucky

Lakeside Park is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Lakeview Heights, Kentucky

Lakeview Heights is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Lancaster, Kentucky

Lancaster is a city in the U.S. state of Kentucky.

Langdon Place, Kentucky

Langdon Place is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Latonia Lakes, Kentucky

Latonia Lakes is an unincorporated community and former city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States. It was officially dissolved as a city on December 16, 2006.

Lawrenceburg, Kentucky

Lawrenceburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Lebanon, Kentucky

Lebanon is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Lebanon Junction, Kentucky

Lebanon Junction is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Bullitt County.

Leitchfield, Kentucky

Leitchfield is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is the county seat of Grayson County.

Lewisburg, Kentucky

Lewisburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Lewisport, Kentucky

Lewisport is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Liberty, Kentucky

Liberty is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Lincolnshire, Kentucky

Lincolnshire is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Livermore, Kentucky

Livermore is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Livermore has a total area of 1 square mile.

Livingston, Kentucky

Livingston is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

London, Kentucky

London is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Lone Oak, Kentucky

Lone Oak is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Lone Oak was created in 1900.

Loretto, Kentucky

Loretto is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Louisa, Kentucky

Louisa is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Loyall, Kentucky

Loyall is a city in Harlan County, Kentucky in the United States.

Ludlow, Kentucky

Ludlow is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Lynch, Kentucky

Lynch is a city in Harlan County, Kentucky in the United States.

Lyndon, Kentucky

Lyndon is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Lynnview, Kentucky

Lynnview is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Mackville, Kentucky

Mackville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Mackville has a total area of .4 square miles.

Madisonville, Kentucky

Madisonville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Manchester, Kentucky

Manchester is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Manor Creek, Kentucky

Manor Creek is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Marion, Kentucky

Marion is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Martin, Kentucky

Martin is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Maryhill Estates, Kentucky

Maryhill Estates is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Mayfield, Kentucky

Mayfield is a city in Graves County, Kentucky. The population was 10,017 in 2020. It is the centre of Graves County.

There are no Sunday sales of alcoholic beverages permitted, except at Mayfield Golf and Country Club.

Maysville, Kentucky

Maysville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

McHenry, Kentucky

McHenry is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

McKee, Kentucky

McKee is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is the county seat of Jackson County.

Meadow Vale, Kentucky

Meadow Vale is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Jefferson County.

Meadowbrook Farm, Kentucky

Meadowbrook Farm is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Meadowview Estates, Kentucky

Meadowview Estates is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Melbourne, Kentucky

Melbourne is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Mentor, Kentucky

Mentor is a city of Kentucky in the United States. In 2020, 218 people lived there.

Middlesboro, Kentucky

Middlesboro is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Middletown, Kentucky

Middletown is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Midway, Kentucky

Midway is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Midway has a total area of 1.4 square miles.

Millersburg, Kentucky

Millersburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Milton, Kentucky

Milton is a city of Kentucky in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, it has a population of 590 people.

Mockingbird Valley, Kentucky

Mockingbird Valley is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Monkeys Eyebrow, Kentucky

Monkeys Eyebrow is an unincorportated rural community of Ballard County in the state of Kentucky in the United States

Monterey, Kentucky

Monterey is a municipality of Kentucky in the United States.

Monticello, Kentucky

Monticello is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Moorland, Kentucky

Moorland is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Morehead, Kentucky

Morehead is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Morganfield, Kentucky

Morganfield is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Morgantown, Kentucky

Morgantown is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Mortons Gap, Kentucky

Mortons Gap is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Hopkins County. The city is named for Thomas Morton, who settled the area in 1804.

Mount Olivet, Kentucky

Mount Olivet is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Mount Sterling, Kentucky

Mount Sterling is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Mount Vernon, Kentucky

Mount Vernon is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Mount Washington, Kentucky

Mount Washington is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Muldraugh, Kentucky

Muldraugh is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is located in the Hardin and Meade counties.

Munfordville, Kentucky

Munfordville is the county seat of Hart County, Kentucky in the United States. In 2020, it had a population of 1,686.

Murray, Kentucky

Murray is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Murray Hill, Kentucky

Murray Hill is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Nebo, Kentucky

Nebo is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

New Castle, Kentucky

New Castle is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

New Haven, Kentucky

New Haven is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Newport, Kentucky

Newport is a city in Kentucky in the United States. It is in Campbell County. It is where the Ohio and Licking rivers come together.

Newport was the county seat of Campbell County, Kentucky from 1797 until 1823, and then again from 1824 until 1840.

Nicholasville, Kentucky

Nicholasville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Norbourne Estates, Kentucky

Norbourne Estates is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

North Middletown, Kentucky

North Middletown is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Northfield, Kentucky

Northfield is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Northfield was created in 1965.

Nortonville, Kentucky

Nortonville is a city of Kentucky in the United States. The population was 977 as of the 2020 census.

Nortonville is located in southeastern Hopkins County at (37.187660, -87.456032). U.S. Route 41 passes through the eastern and southern parts of the city, leading north to Madisonville, which is the county seat, and south to Hopkinsville. U.S. Route 62 passes through the northern part of Nortonville, leading east to Greenville and west to Dawson Springs.

Norwood, Kentucky

Norwood is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Oak Grove, Kentucky

Oak Grove is a city of Kentucky in the United States. In 2020, the population of Oak Grove was about 7,931. 

Oakland, Kentucky

Oakland is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Old Brownsboro Place, Kentucky

Old Brownsboro Place is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Olive Hill, Kentucky

Olive Hill is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Orchard Grass Hills, Kentucky

Orchard Grass Hills is a city of Oldham County in the state of Kentucky, United States.

Owensboro, Kentucky

Owensboro is a city in the U.S. state of Kentucky.

It is the county seat of Daviess County. In 2020, there were 60,183 people living in Owensboro. The city was named after Colonel Abraham Owen.

On August 14, 1936, downtown Owensboro was the site of the last public hanging in the United States. Rainey Bethea was hanged for the rape and murder of 70-year-old Lischa Edwards.

The end of the Second World War brought civil engineering projects, which helped turn Owensboro from a sleepy industrial town into a modern, expanding community by the turn of the 1960s.

Texas Gas Transmission Corporation was created in 1948 with the merger of Memphis Natural Gas Company and Kentucky Natural Gas Corporation and made its headquarters in Owensboro.

In 2021, the institutions with the most employees (people working for them) in the city were Owensboro Health Regional Hospital (4,274 people), U.S. Bank Home Mortgage (1,499 people), Owensboro Public Schools (833 people), Toyotetsu Mid-America (682 people), Sazerac Distilleries (543 people), Specialty Food Group (513 people), Mizkan America (451 people), City of Owensboro (434 people), Unifirst (405 people), and Metalsa Structural Products (396 people).

Owensboro is located at 37°45′28″N 87°7′6″W on the Ohio River.

Owenton, Kentucky

Owenton is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Owen County.

Owingsville, Kentucky

Owingsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Paducah, Kentucky

Paducah is a city in Kentucky in the United States. It is the county seat of McCracken County.

Paintsville, Kentucky

Paintsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Paris, Kentucky

Paris is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Park City, Kentucky

Park City is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Park Hills, Kentucky

Park Hills is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Park Lake, Kentucky

Park Lake is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Parkway Village, Kentucky

Parkway Village is a city of Kentucky in the United States. Its population was 623 at the 2020 census.

Pembroke, Kentucky

Pembroke is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Perryville, Kentucky

Perryville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Pewee Valley, Kentucky

Pewee Valley is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Pewee Valley has a total area of 1.9 square miles.

Pikeville, Kentucky

Pikeville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Pineville, Kentucky

Pineville is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Pioneer Village, Kentucky

Pioneer Village is a city in the U.S. state of Kentucky.

Pippa Passes, Kentucky

Pippa Passes is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Plantation, Kentucky

Plantation is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Pleasureville, Kentucky

Pleasureville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Plum Springs, Kentucky

Plum Springs is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Poplar Hills, Kentucky

Poplar Hills is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Powderly, Kentucky

Powderly is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Prestonsburg, Kentucky

Prestonsburg is a city in the United States. It is the county seat of Floyd County in the state of Kentucky. The city is in the Eastern part of Kentucky. Prestonburg is on the bank of the Big Sandy River. The area was fist settled in 1797 by Colonel John Preston, Solomon Stratton, Matthias Harman, and Andrew Hood. It is named after Colonel Preston. In 2020, 3,681 people lived in the city.

Prestonville, Kentucky

Prestonville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Princeton, Kentucky

Princeton is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Prospect, Kentucky

Prospect is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Providence, Kentucky

Providence is a city of Kentucky in the United States. According to the census of 2020, there were 2,892 people living in Providence, in 1,237 households.

Raceland, Kentucky

Raceland is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Radcliff, Kentucky

Radcliff is a city in Hardin County, Kentucky in the United States.

Ravenna, Kentucky

Ravenna is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Raywick, Kentucky

Raywick is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Raywich has a total area of .9 square miles.

Richlawn, Kentucky

Richlawn is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

River Bluff, Kentucky

River Bluff is a city of Kentucky in the United States. In 2020, 436 people lived in it.

Riverwood, Kentucky

Riverwood is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Robards, Kentucky

Robards is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Rochester, Kentucky

Rochester is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Rockport, Kentucky

Rockport is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Rolling Fields, Kentucky

Rolling Fields is a city in the U.S. state of Kentucky.

Rolling Hills, Kentucky

Rolling Hills is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Rolling Hills has a total area of .2 square miles.

Rowletts, Kentucky

Rowletts is a unincorporated community of Kentucky in the United States. Rowletts is in Hart County. 

Russell, Kentucky

Russell is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Russell Springs, Kentucky

Russell Springs is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Russellville, Kentucky

Russellville is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It was named for General William Russell. He was a soldier in the Revolutionary War in the United States.

Ryland Heights, Kentucky

Ryland Heights is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Sacramento, Kentucky

Sacramento is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Sadieville, Kentucky

Sadieville is a city in Scott County, Kentucky in the United States.

Salem, Kentucky

Salem is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Salt Lick, Kentucky

Salt Lick is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Salyersville, Kentucky

Salyersville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Sanders, Kentucky

Sanders is a city in the U.S state of Kentucky.

Sandy Hook, Kentucky

Sandy Hook is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Sardis, Kentucky

Sardis is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Sardis has a total area of 1 square mile.

Science Hill, Kentucky

Science Hill is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Scottsville, Kentucky

Scottsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Sebree, Kentucky

Sebree is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Seneca Gardens, Kentucky

Seneca Gardens is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Sharpsburg, Kentucky

Sharpsburg is a city located in Bath County, Kentucky in the United States.

Shelbyville, Kentucky

Shelbyville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Shepherdsville, Kentucky

Shepherdsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Shively, Kentucky

Shively is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Shively was created in 1938.

Silver Grove, Kentucky

Silver Grove is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Simpsonville, Kentucky

Simpsonville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Slaughters, Kentucky

Slaughters is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Smithfield, Kentucky

Smithfield is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Simple Network Management Protocol

Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) is a part of the Internet Protocol Suite. SNMP is used in network management systems to monitor status of devices and also spot problems. It consists of a set of standards for network management, including an Application Layer protocol, a database schema, and a set of data objects.

SNMP exposes management data in the form of variables on the managed systems, which describe the system configuration. These variables can then be queried (and sometimes set) by managing applications. It is a standard for managing devices such as routers,switches,servers etc. 

In common SNMP usage, there are a number of systems to be managed, and one or more systems managing them. A software component called an "agent" (see below) runs on each managed system and reports information via SNMP to the managing systems.

SNMP agents expose management data on the managed systems as variables (such as "free memory", "system name", "number of running processes", "default route"). But the protocol also allows active management tasks, such as modifying and applying a new configuration.
The managing system can retrieve the information through the GET, GETNEXT and GETBULK protocol operations or the agent will send data without being asked using TRAP or INFORM protocol operations. Management systems can also send configuration updates or controlling requests through the SET protocol operation to actively manage a system. Configuration and control operations are used only when changes are needed to the network. The monitoring operations are usually performed regularly.


Smithland, Kentucky

Smithland is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Smiths Grove, Kentucky

Smiths Grove is a city of Kentucky in the United States. The horror movie, Halloween, was set in Smiths Grove. The movies' director, John Carpenter, grew up in Bowling Green, about 15 miles away.

Somerset, Kentucky

Somerset is a city of Pulaski County, Kentucky in the United States.


Sonora, Kentucky

Sonora is a city in Hardin County, Kentucky in the United States.

South Carrollton, Kentucky

South Carrollton is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

South Park View, Kentucky

South Park View is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

South Shore, Kentucky

South Shore is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is located along the Ohio River across from Portsmouth, Ohio, at the mouth of Tygarts Creek.

It was first settled in 1890 by the Fullerton, Warnock, and the Morton families from the nearby Tygarts Valley.

Southgate, Kentucky

Southgate is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Sparta, Kentucky

Sparta is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Spring Mill, Kentucky

Spring Mill is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Spring Mill has a population of 294 people.

Spring Valley, Kentucky

Spring Valley is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Springfield, Kentucky

Springfield is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

St. Charles, Kentucky

St. Charles is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

St. Matthews, Kentucky

St. Matthews is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
St. Matthews, Kentucky was established in 1889 as a subdivision of Jefferson County.


St. Regis Park, Kentucky

St. Regis Park is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Stamping Ground, Kentucky

Stamping Ground is a city in Scott County, Kentucky in the United States.

Stanford, Kentucky

Stanford is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Stanton, Kentucky

Stanton is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Strathmoor Manor, Kentucky

Strathmoor Manor is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Strathmoor Village, Kentucky

Strathmoor Village is a city in the U.S. state of Kentucky.

Sturgis, Kentucky

Sturgis is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Sycamore, Kentucky

Sycamore is a city of Jefferson County in the state of Kentucky, United States. About 166 people were living in Sycamore as of 2020.

Taylor Mill, Kentucky

Taylor Mill is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Taylorsville, Kentucky

Taylorsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Ten Broeck, Kentucky

Ten Broeck, Kentucky is a city in the United States.

Thornhill, Kentucky

Thornhill is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Tompkinsville, Kentucky

Tompkinsville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Trenton, Kentucky

Trenton is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Todd County.

Union, Kentucky

Union is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Union has a total area of 3.5 square miles.

Uniontown, Kentucky

Uniontown is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Upton, Kentucky

Upton is a city in Hardin and LaRue counties, Kentucky in the United States.

Vanceburg, Kentucky

Vanceburg is a small city in Kentucky in the United States. It is the seat of Lewis County.

Versailles, Kentucky

Versailles is a city in Kentucky in the United States. It was founded on June 23, 1792, on of land owned by Hezekiah Briscoe.

Vicco, Kentucky

Vicco is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Vicco was created in 1964.

Villa Hills, Kentucky

Villa Hills is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Vine Grove, Kentucky

Vine Grove is a city in Hardin County, Kentucky in the United States.

Wallins Creek, Kentucky

Wallins Creek is a city in Harlan County, Kentucky in the United States.

Walton, Kentucky

Walton is a city in Kenton County, Kentucky in the United States.

Warfield, Kentucky

Warfield is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Warsaw, Kentucky

Warsaw is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Water Valley, Kentucky

Water Valley is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Watterson Park, Kentucky

Watterson Park is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Wayland, Kentucky

Wayland is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Wellington, Kentucky

Wellington is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

West Buechel, Kentucky

West Buechel is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

West Liberty, Kentucky

West Liberty is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

West Point, Kentucky

West Point is a city in Hardin County, Kentucky in the United States.

Westwood, Jefferson County, Kentucky

Westwood is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Wheatcroft, Kentucky

Wheatcroft is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Wheelwright, Kentucky

Wheelwright is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Wheelwright has a total area of 1.8 square miles.

White Plains, Kentucky

White Plains is a city of Kentucky in the United States. The population was 829 at the 2020 census.

White Plains is located in southeastern Hopkins County at (37.184489, -87.384739). U.S. Route 62 passes through the northern part of the community, leading east to Greenville and west to Nortonville.

According to the United States Census Bureau, White Plains has a total area of , of which are land and , or 2.3%, are water.

Whitesburg, Kentucky

Whitesburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Whitesville, Kentucky

Whitesville is a city of Kentucky in the United States. Whitesville has a 2020 population of 580.

Wickliffe, Kentucky

Wickliffe is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Wilder, Kentucky

Wilder is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is in Campbell County.

Williamsburg, Kentucky

Williamsburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Williamstown, Kentucky

Williamstown is a city in Grant and Pendleton counties of Kentucky in the United States. It is the county seat of Grant County.

Willisburg, Kentucky

Willisburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Winchester, Kentucky

Winchester is a city of Kentucky in the United States. It is the county seat of Clark County.

Windy Hills, Kentucky

Windy Hills is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Wingo, Kentucky

Wingo is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Woodburn, Kentucky

Woodburn is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Woodburn has a total area of .4 square miles.

Woodbury, Kentucky

Woodbury is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Woodland Hills, Kentucky

Woodland Hills is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Woodlawn, Kentucky

Woodlawn is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Woodlawn was created in 1922.

Woodlawn Park, Kentucky

Woodlawn Park is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Worthington, Kentucky

Worthington is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

The site of the present city was once owned by Abraham Buford, who sold the land to the Means and Russell Iron Company. This company sold the land to W. J. Worthington, who was William O. Bradley's lieutenant governor from 1895 to 1899. After his death, the property was given to his daughters, who founded the present town and named it for their father.

Worthington was incorporated as a city by the Kentucky General Assembly on February 5, 1920.

Worthington Hills, Kentucky

Worthington Hills is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Worthville, Kentucky

Worthville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Wurtland, Kentucky

Wurtland is a city in Kentucky in the United States.

Wildwood, Kentucky

Wildwood is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Wilmore, Kentucky

Wilmore is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Alexandria, Virginia

Alexandria is a city in Virginia in the United States. It has a population of 159,200 in 2020. It is 6 miles south of Washington, D.C. It is by the Potomac River. The temperature is between 80°F to 100°F in the summer, and 20°F to 40°F in the winter. 

The city is twinned with Caen in France, Dundee in Scotland and Gyumri in Armenia.

Bedford, Virginia

Bedford is a town in Bedford County, Virginia in the United States. Before 2013, it had been a city, which under Virginia law made it separate from any county.

Bristol, Virginia

Bristol is an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 17,219. It is the twin city of Bristol, Tennessee, just across the state line, which runs down the middle of its main street, State Street. It is surrounded on three sides by Washington County, Virginia, which is combined with the city for statistical purposes. Bristol is a principal city of the Kingsport–Bristol–Bristol, TN-VA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

Buena Vista, Virginia

Buena Vista ( ) is an independent city located in the Blue Ridge Mountains region of Virginia in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 6,641.

Formerly named "Hart's Bottom", "Green Forest" or "Green Valley" until 1888, and chartered as a town in 1890, Buena Vista was granted a city charter on February 15, 1892.

Founded by Benjamin C. Moomaw in the late 1800s, the town consisted only of a simple tannery at the intersection of two railroads and a canal. The Richmond and Alleghany Railroad and the Shenandoah Valley Railroad,

Buena Vista is home to Southern Virginia University, which had an enrollment of 928 full-time students in the fall of 2017.


Charlottesville, Virginia

Charlottesville is a city in Virginia in the United States. It is named for Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, King George III's queen. As of 2020, 46,553 people lived there. In 2004, Charlottesville was named the best place to live in the United States in a book named "Cities Ranked and Rated." Three American presidents have lived in Charlottesville, including Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, and James Monroe. The University of Virginia is in Charlottesville. President Jefferson's home, Monticello, is also in Charlottesville. Both are popular places for people to visit.

In 2017, far-right political groups including the Ku Klux Klan, Neo-Nazis, and Proud Boys held their Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville. They did not want the city to take down a statue of Robert E. Lee. One man drove his car into a crowd of counter-protesters, killing a woman called Heather Heyer and injuring many others. United States President Donald Trump would later say there were "fine people" on both sides of the incident.

Chesapeake, Virginia

Chesapeake is a city in Virginia in the United States. 


Colonial Heights, Virginia

Colonial Heights is a city in Virginia in the United States.

Covington, Virginia

Covington is a city in Virginia in the United States.

Danville, Virginia

Danville is a city in Virginia in the United States.

Emporia, Virginia

Emporia is a city in Virginia in the United States.

Fairfax, Virginia

Fairfax is an independent city of Virginia in the United States.

Falls Church, Virginia

Falls Church is a city in Virginia in the United States.

Franklin, Virginia

Franklin is a city in Virginia, in the United States.

Fredericksburg, Virginia

Fredericksburg is a city in Virginia in the United States. It was important in the American Civil War, because of its location on the Rappahannock River, near the capital of the North (Washington, DC) and the South (Richmond, Virginia). In late 1862 the Battle of Fredericksburg was fought there.

Galax, Virginia

Galax is a city in Virginia in the United States.

Hampton, Virginia

Hampton is a city of Virginia in the United States. It is part of the Hampton Roads metro area, which also includes Norfolk and Virginia Beach. As of 2020, 137,148 people lived there. Hampton University, a historically black college, is there.

Hopewell, Virginia

Hopewell is a city in Virginia in the United States.

Lexington, Virginia

Lexington is a city in Virginia in the United States. It is the county seat of Rockbridge County. Washington and Lee University (W&L) and Virginia Military Institute (VMI) are there.

Manassas Park, Virginia

Manassas Park is a city in Virginia in the United States. It is an independent city and not part of any county.

Manassas, Virginia

Manassas is a city in Virginia in the United States. There were 42,772 people living in the city, according to 2020 census.

Martinsville, Virginia

Martinsville is a city in Virginia in the United States. As of the 2020 census, there were 13,485 people living there.

Newport News, Virginia

Newport News is a city of Virginia in the United States. It is in the Hampton Roads metro area. It is about 80 miles southeast of the state capital, Richmond.

Norton, Virginia

Norton is a city in Virginia in the United States.

Petersburg, Virginia

Petersburg is a city in Virginia in the United States. It is on the Appomattox River. The city's population was 33,458 as of 2020.

Part of Petersburg National Battlefield Park is in the city.

The area has three schools of higher education:

Poquoson, Virginia

Poquoson is a city in Virginia in the United States.

Radford, Virginia

Radford is a city in Virginia in the United States.

Roanoke, Virginia

Roanoke is a city in Virginia in the United States. At the 2020 census, 100,011 people lived in Roanoke. The two main suburbs of Roanoke are Salem and Vinton. Roanoke is named after the Roanoke River which runs through the city.

Roanoke is nicknamed "The Star City of the South" because of the Roanoke Star. It is a neon lamp star which sits on Mill Mountain, a hill south of Roanoke. Roanoke is also named the Heart of the Blue Ridge because Roanoke is located in the middle of the Blue Ridge Mountains. Another nickname for Roanoke is "Magic City."

Roanoke and its suburbs are located in a valley between the Appalachian Mountains and the Blue Ridge Mountains.

Salem, Virginia

Salem is a city in Virginia in the United States. About 25,000 people live in Salem. Salem is a suburb of Roanoke since it lies directly west of Roanoke.

Staunton, Virginia

Staunton is a city in Virginia in the United States. At the 2020 United States Census, about 26,000 people lived in Staunton. Staunton is known for being the place where U.S. President Woodrow Wilson was born.

Suffolk, Virginia

Suffolk is a city in Virginia in the United States.

Waynesboro, Virginia

Waynesboro is a city in Virginia in the United States.

Williamsburg, Virginia

Williamsburg is a small city in Virginia in the United States. Williamsburg is near two important places in Virginia history: Jamestown and Yorktown. Williamsburg has three important things: Busch Gardens, Colonial Williamsburg, and the College of William & Mary. Williamsburg has many hotels and restaurants because there are many tourists.

Winchester, Virginia

Winchester is a city in Virginia in the United States. Winchester was the birth and death place of former United States senator Harry F. Byrd, Jr..

Accomac, Virginia

Accomac is a town in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. At the 2020 census, 855 people lived there. It is the county seat of Accomack County.

Accomac is at (37.718678, -75.667323).

The United States Census Bureau says that the town has an area of 0.4 square miles (1.1 km²). All of it is land.

As of the census of 2000, there were 547 people, 199 homes and 125 families living in Accomac. The population density was 1,322.1 people per square mile (515.1/km²). In race, there 71.12% white people living there, 24.68% African-American, 2.56% Asian, 0.91% from other races, and 0.73% from two or more races. [

There were 199 households as of the 200 census. 2.6% of these had children under the age of 18 living with them. 51.8% were married couples living together. 8.5% had a female living in them with no husband, and 36.7% were non-families. 35.7% of all households were made up of only one person and 21.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years or older. The average people in a household was 2.13 and the average family size was 2.71.

The population of Accomac was spread out. 14.8% were under the age of 18, 11.0% were from 18 to 24, 30.7% from 25 to 44, 24.1% from 45 to 64, and 19.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 131.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 136.5 males.



Alberta, Virginia

Alberta is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Altavista, Virginia

Altavista is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.


Amherst, Virginia

Amherst is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Appalachia, Virginia

Appalachia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. As of 2000, the town had a population of 1,839.

Appomattox, Virginia

Appomattox is a town in Virginia in the United States.
It played a major role towards the end of the American Civil War (1861-1865).

Ashland, Virginia

Ashland is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Belle Haven, Accomack County, Virginia

Belle Haven is a town in Accomack County and Northampton County, Virginia, United States. About 543 people were living in Belle Haven as of the year 2020.

Berryville, Virginia

Berryville is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Big Stone Gap, Virginia

Big Stone Gap is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Blacksburg, Virginia

Blacksburg is a town in Montgomery County, in western Virginia. In 2020, 44,826 people lived there.

Blacksburg was first explored by Henry Batt and John Fallam who were sent by Abraham Wood in 1671. The town is named after Samuel Black, who used to own land there. On October 2, 1872, Virginia Tech was opened with three teachers. On April 26, 2007, Seung-Hui Cho shot 32 people in the Virginia Tech massacre.

Blackstone, Virginia

Blackstone is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Bloxom, Virginia

Bloxom is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Bluefield, Virginia

Bluefield is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Boones Mill, Virginia

Boones Mill is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Bowling Green, Virginia

Bowling Green is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Boyce, Virginia

Boyce is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Boydton, Virginia

Boydton is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is the county seat of Mecklenburg County.


Boykins, Virginia

Boykins is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is in Southampton County.

Branchville, Virginia

Branchville is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Bridgewater, Virginia

Bridgewater is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Broadway, Virginia

Broadway is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Brodnax, Virginia

Brodnax is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Brookneal, Virginia

Brookneal is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Buchanan, Virginia

Buchanan is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Burkeville, Virginia

Burkeville is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Cape Charles, Virginia

Cape Charles is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia, in Northampton County.

Capron, Virginia

Capron is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Cedar Bluff, Virginia

Cedar Bluff is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Charlotte Court House, Virginia

Charlotte Court House is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Chase City, Virginia

Chase City is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Cheriton, Virginia

Cheriton is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Chilhowie, Virginia

Chilhowie is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Chincoteague, Virginia

Chincoteague is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Christiansburg, Virginia

Christiansburg (used to be called Hans Meadows) is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. 23,348 people lived there in 2020. It is the county seat of Montgomery County.

Claremont, Virginia

Claremont is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Clarksville, Virginia

Clarksville is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Cleveland, Virginia

Cleveland is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Clifton Forge, Virginia

Clifton Forge is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Clifton, Virginia

Clifton is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Clinchco, Virginia

Clinchco is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Clinchport, Virginia

Clinchport is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Clintwood, Virginia

Clintwood is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Coeburn, Virginia

Coeburn is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Colonial Beach, Virginia

Colonial Beach is a town in Virginia on the potomac river.

Columbia, Virginia

Columbia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Courtland, Virginia

Courtland is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Craigsville, Virginia

Craigsville is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Crewe, Virginia

Crewe is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Culpeper, Virginia

Culpeper (formerly Fairfax) is the only incorporated town in Culpeper County, Virginia, United States. The population was 16,379 at the 2010 census. This was an increase from 9,664 at the 2000 census. It is the county seat of Culpeper County.

Culpeper is located at (38.471915, −77.999168).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 6.8 square miles (17.5 km²), of which 6.7 square miles (17.4 km²) is land and 0.04 square mile (0.1 km²) (0.44%) is water.

After forming Culpeper County, Virginia, in 1748, the Virginia House of Burgesses voted to establish the Town of Fairfax on February 22, 1759. The name honored Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron. He was the proprietor of the Northern Neck, a vast domain north of the Rappahannock River. His territory was then defined as stretching from Chesapeake Bay to what is now Hampshire County, West Virginia.

The original plan of the town called for ten blocks, which form the core of Culpeper's downtown area today. The original town was surveyed by a young George Washington. In 1795, the town received a post office under the name "Culpeper Court House" Most maps of the time, however, continued to show the Fairfax name. The confusion resulting from the difference in official and postal names was finally resolved when the Virginia Assembly formally renamed the town Culpeper in 1869 (Acts, 1869–1870, chapter 118, page 154).

During the American Revolutionary War, the Culpeper Minutemen, a pro-independence militia, formed in the town of Culpeper. They organized in what was then known as "Clayton's Old Field," near today's Yowell Meadow Park.

During the Civil War, Culpeper was a crossroads for a number of armies marching through central Virginia, with both Union and Confederate forces occupying the town by turn. In the heart of downtown, the childhood home of Confederate General A.P. Hill stands at the corner of Main and Davis streets. One block north on Main St. (present location of Piedmont Realty) was the frame house where "The Gallant Major" John Pelham died after being wounded at the Battle of Kelly's Ford.
Culpeper began to grow dramatically in the 1980s, becoming a "bedroom community" of more densely populated Northern Virginia and Washington, D.C. suburbs. A growing number of residents of the town and county of Culpeper once lived and continue to work in those areas.

In 2011, East Davis Street in downtown Culpeper was named as a 2011 "America's Great Place" by the American Planning Association.

Downtown Culpeper was one of the communities most affected by the August 23, 2011 Virginia earthquake. Several buildings along Main Street and East Davis Street suffered severe damage, and some have been condemned. The earthquake led to the temporary evacuation of the Packard Campus for Audio-Visual Conservation. At the time it was hosting a town hall event for U.S. Senator Mark Warner. In 2014 the Museum of Culpeper History moved into the town's historic train depot.

As of the 2010 Census, the racial makeup of the town was 61.5% White, 21.9% Black, 0.6% Native American, 2.1% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, and 4.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 17.0% of the population.

The town's population included 25.7% under the age of 18, 10.0% from 18 to 24, 30.3% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 15.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 87.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.9 males.

The median income for a household in the town was at a time $35,438, and the median income for a family was $41,894 but due to the economic downturn this has changed. Males had a median income of $28,658 versus $25,252 for females. The per capita income for the town was $16,842. About 23.0% of families and 26.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 40.8% of those under age 18 and 22.1% of those age 65 or over.

Damascus, Virginia

Damascus is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Dayton, Virginia

Dayton is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Dendron, Virginia

Dendron is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Dendron has a total area of 3.6 square miles.

Dillwyn, Virginia

Dillwyn is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Drakes Branch, Virginia

Drakes Branch is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Dublin, Virginia

Dublin is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Duffield, Virginia

Duffield is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Dumfries, Virginia

Dumfries is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Dungannon, Virginia

Dungannon is a town of Scott County in the state of Virginia in the United States.

Eastville, Virginia

Eastville is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is the county seat of Northampton County. 

Edinburg, Virginia

Edinburg, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Elkton, Virginia

Elkton, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Exmore, Virginia

Exmore is the largest town in Northampton County. It is on the Eastern Shore of the U.S. state of Virginia. The population was 1,473 at the 2020 census. A popular story is that Exmore got its name because it is the tenth railroad station south of the Delaware state line, so there were "X more" stations left on a passenger's journey.

Farmville, Virginia

Farmville, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is in Prince Edward and Cumberland counties.

Fincastle, Virginia

Fincastle is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Floyd, Virginia

Floyd, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Fries, Virginia

Fries, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Front Royal, Virginia

Front Royal, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Gate City, Virginia

Gate City is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Glade Spring, Virginia

Glade Spring, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Glasgow, Virginia

Glasgow, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is where the James and Maury Rivers come together. It is in Rockbridge County.

Glen Lyn, Virginia

Glen Lyn, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Gordonsville, Virginia

Gordonsville, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is in Louisa and Orange counties.


Goshen, Virginia

Goshen, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Gretna, Virginia

Gretna, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.


Grottoes, Virginia

Grottoes, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Grundy, Virginia

Grundy, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Halifax, Virginia

Halifax, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Hallwood, Virginia

Hallwood, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Hamilton, Virginia

Hamilton, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Haymarket, Virginia

Haymarket, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Haysi, Virginia

Haysi, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Herndon, Virginia

Herndon, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Hillsboro, Loudoun County, Virginia

Hillsboro is a town in Loudoun County of Virginia, United States. About 100 people were living in Hillsboro as of the year 2020.

Hillsville, Virginia

Hillsville, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Honaker, Virginia

Honaker, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is in Russell County.

Hurt, Virginia

Hurt, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Independence, Virginia

Independence, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Iron Gate, Virginia

Iron Gate, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Irvington, Virginia

Irvington, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Ivor, Virginia

Ivor, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Jarratt, Virginia

Jarratt, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Jonesville, Virginia

Jonesville, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Keller, Virginia

Keller, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Kenbridge, Virginia

Kenbridge, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Keysville, Virginia

Keysville, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Kilmarnock, Virginia

Kilmarnock, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

La Crosse, Virginia

La Crosse, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Lawrenceville, Virginia

Lawrenceville is a town in Brunswick County, Virginia, United States. In the 2020 census, 1,014 people lived there. The town is by the Meherrin River. It is the county seat of Brunswick County. In colonial times, Lieutenant Governor Alexander Spotswood had a stockade built nearby. It was called Fort Christanna. At the stockade, converted Native American allies were housed and educated.

Historically black Saint Paul's College operated here until 2013. It was founded in 1888 and affiliated with the Episcopal Church. Lumber, tobacco, livestock and other farm products are grown in the area. The town is in a county along the southern border of the state. It is near the northernmost area for cotton growing.

Lebanon, Virginia

Lebanon, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Leesburg, Virginia

Leesburg is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is the county seat of Loudoun County. About 48,250 people were living in Leesburg as of 2020.

Louisa, Virginia

Louisa, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Lovettsville, Virginia

Lovettsville, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Luray, Virginia

Luray, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Madison, Virginia

Madison, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is the county seat of Madison County.

Marion, Virginia

Marion, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is the county seat of Smyth County. The town is named for American Revolutionary War officer Francis Marion.

McKenney, Virginia

McKenney, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Melfa, Virginia

Melfa, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Middleburg, Virginia

Middleburg, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Middletown, Virginia

Middletown, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Mineral, Virginia

Mineral, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. In the 2020 census, 470 people lived in Mineral.

At 1:51 p.m. on August 23, 2011, a 5.8 magnitude earthquake was centered south-southwest of Mineral. The center of the earthquake was underground. According to the Associated Press, it "forced evacuations of all the monuments on the National Mall in Washington and rattled nerves from Florida to Canada". The roof of Mineral's town hall collapsed. three of the six schools in the county were heavily damaged. No one died, and some people had minor injuries.

Monterey, Virginia

Monterey, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is the county seat of Highland County.

Montross, Virginia

Montross, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Mount Crawford, Virginia

Mount Crawford, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Mount Jackson, Virginia

Mount Jackson, Virginia, is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Narrows, Virginia

Narrows, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Nassawadox, Virginia

Nassawadox, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia, in Northampton County.

New Castle, Virginia

New Castle, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

New Market, Virginia

New Market, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is in Shenandoah County.

Newsoms, Virginia

Newsoms, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Nickelsville, Virginia

Nickelsville is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. The population of the town is 378 according to the 2020 United States Census.

Occoquan, Virginia

Occoquan, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Onancock, Virginia

Onancock, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Onley, Virginia

Onley, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Orange, Virginia

Orange is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Painter, Virginia

Painter, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Pamplin City, Virginia

Pamplin City, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is in both Appomattox and Prince Edward counties. The population was 138 at the 2020 census.

Parksley, Virginia

Parksley, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Pearisburg, Virginia

Pearisburg, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is the county seat of Giles County.

Pembroke, Virginia

Pembroke, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Pennington Gap, Virginia

Pennington Gap, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Phenix, Virginia

Phenix, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Pocahontas, Virginia

Pocahontas, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia named after Pocahontas.

Port Royal, Virginia

Port Royal, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Pound, Virginia

Pound, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Pulaski, Virginia

Pulaski, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Purcellville, Virginia

Purcellville, Virginia is a town in Loudoun County, Virginia, United States.

Quantico, Virginia

Quantico, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Remington, Virginia

Remington, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Rich Creek, Virginia

Rich Creek, Virginia is a town in Giles County, Virginia, Virginia, United States. The population was 749 at the 2020 census. It is part of the "Blacksburg, Virginia–Christiansburg, Virginia–Radford, Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area."

Richlands, Virginia

Richlands, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Ridgeway, Virginia

Ridgeway, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Black-legged dart frog

The black-legged dart frog ("Phyllobates bicolor"), also known as the bicolored dart frog or Neari in Choco, is the second most toxic of the wild poison dart frogs. It lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 400 and 1500 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 32.1-39.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 35.7-42.7 mm. It has large disks on its toes for climbing. Young frogs have stripes on their sides. In some groups of this frog, the stripes go away when the frog is an adult. In other places, the adult frogs keep their stripes.

Human beings who live where the frog lives have used the frog to poison arrows. The human can touch the arrow to the frog's back without killing it. Or the human can kill and heat the frog's body.

The poison in the frog's skin is a chemical called batrachotoxin. The frog gets the poison from the ants and other insects that it eats. So frogs kept as pets do not have poison.

There are fewer of these frogs than there were. Scientisis think this could be because human beings change the places where the frog lives. Humans turn the forests into forms and take the trees for lumber. Human beings also catch these frogs to sell as pets.

Junglefowl

Junglefowl are the four living species of bird from the genus Gallus in the pheasant family. They occur in India, Sri Lanka and Southeast Asia.

These are large birds, with colourful male plumage. They are difficult to see in the dense vegetation they live in.

The junglefowl are seed-eaters, but insects are also taken, particularly by the young birds.

One of the species in this genus, the Red Junglefowl, is of historical importance as the likely ancestor of the domesticated chicken.

Red junglefowl

The red junglefowl ("Gallus gallus") is a tropical member of the family Phasianidae. They are the ancestors of all our domestic chickens. They were first domesticated in Asia, where they are native. Some of the less specialized domestics, such as the brown leghorns, keep color patterns similar to that of their wild ancestors. The males are about two pounds (1kg) in weight.

Red junglefowl regularly bathe in dust to keep just the right balance of oil in their plumage. The dust absorbs extra oil and it subsequently falls off. 

Rocky Mount, Virginia

Rocky Mount, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Round Hill, Loudoun County, Virginia

Round Hill is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is about 50 miles from Washington, D.C. It was named "Round Hill" for being located two miles from of a hill used during the American Civil War as a signal post by both Confederate and Union troops. In the 2020 Census, 693 people and 193 families lived there.

Rural Retreat, Virginia

Rural Retreat, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Saltville, Virginia

Saltville is a town in Smyth and Washington counties in Virginia, United States.

Saxis, Virginia

Saxis, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Scottsburg, Virginia

Scottsburg, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Scottsville, Virginia

Scottsville, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Shenandoah, Virginia

Shenandoah, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Smithfield, Virginia

Smithfield, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

South Boston, Virginia

South Boston, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

South Hill, Virginia

South Hill, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

St. Charles, Virginia

St. Charles, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

St. Paul, Virginia

St. Paul, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Stanardsville, Virginia

Stanardsville, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Stanley, Virginia

Stanley, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Stephens City, Virginia

Stephens City, Virginia is a town in Frederick County, Virginia. The town had a population of 2,016 at the time of the 2020 census.

The German Protestants from Heidelberg, Germany were the founders of the town. Their leader was Peter Stephens. He came from Pennsylvania in 1732. Stephens would buy some land from Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron. The land was set out in parcels at first. Later, it was made into "Stephensburgh" in 1758 by Peter's son Lewis.

By the start of the Revolutionary War, "Stephensburg" was often called simply "Newtown".

The town was almost burned by Union forces during the Civil War. This was when Union forces were attacked by Newtown residents. Major Joseph K. Stearns of the 1st New York Cavalry disobeyed an order from a higher ranking General and saved the town.

The town was again renamed "Stephens City" in 1880. This happened after a row with the United States Postal Service.

Today, the town is a busy place of throughfare with Interstate 81 and US Route 11. The center of the town is recognized by the National Register of Historic Places.


Stony Creek, Virginia

Stony Creek, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It has a population of approximately 200. 

Strasburg, Virginia

Strasburg, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is the largest town in Shenandoah County.

Stuart, Virginia

Stuart, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Surry, Virginia

Surry, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Tangier, Virginia

Tangier, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Tappahannock, Virginia

Tappahannock, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Tazewell, Virginia

Tazewell, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

The Plains, Virginia

The Plains, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Timberville, Virginia

Timberville, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Toms Brook, Virginia

Toms Brook, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Troutdale, Virginia

Troutdale, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Troutville, Virginia

Troutville, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Urbanna, Virginia

Urbanna, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Victoria, Virginia

Victoria, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Vienna, Virginia

Vienna is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. It has been a town since 1890. It has a population of 16,473 as of 2020 and it is about 350 feet above sea level.

Vinton, Virginia

Vinton, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. About 8,000 people live in Vinton. Vinton is a suburb of Roanoke since it lies directly east of Roanoke.

Virgilina, Virginia

Virgilina, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Wachapreague, Virginia

Wachapreague, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Wakefield, Virginia

Wakefield, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Warrenton, Virginia

Warrenton, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia. The population was 10,057 at the 2020 census, Warrenton is the county seat of Fauquier County.


Warsaw, Virginia

Warsaw, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Washington, Virginia

Washington, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Waverly, Virginia

Waverly, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Weber City, Virginia

Weber City, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

West Point, Virginia

West Point, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

White Stone, Virginia

White Stone is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Windsor, Virginia

Windsor, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Wise, Virginia

Wise, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Woodstock, Virginia

Woodstock, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Wytheville, Virginia

Wytheville, Virginia is a town in the U.S. state of Virginia.

Abingdon, Illinois

Abingdon is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Albion, Illinois

Albion is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Aledo, Illinois

Aledo is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Alsip, Illinois

Alsip is a village of Illinois in the United States.

Altamont, Illinois

Altamont is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Amboy, Illinois

Amboy is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Anna, Illinois

Anna is a city in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is in southern tip of Illinois. Its population was 4,303 at the 2020 census. Anna is known for the Anna State Mental Hospital (now called the Choate Mental Health Care Center). Anna was a segregated sundown town a century ago.

Arcola, Illinois

Arcola is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Ashley, Illinois

Ashley is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Assumption, Illinois

Assumption is a small town in Christian County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,155 at the 2020 census.

Athens, Illinois

Athens is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in Menard County.

Atlanta, Illinois

Atlanta is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in Logan County. The town was first called Xenia.

Auburn, Illinois

Auburn is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in Sangamon County. 

Aurora, Illinois

Aurora is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is part of the Chicago metropolitan area.

Ava, Illinois

Ava is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Barry, Illinois

Barry is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in Pike County.

Batavia, Illinois

Batavia is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is on the Fox River between Geneva, Illinois to the north and North Aurora, Illinois to the south.

Beardstown, Illinois

Beardstown is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Belleville, Illinois

Belleville is a city in St. Clair County, Illinois. The population was 42,404 according to the Census Bureau's 2020 data, making it the largest city in southern Illinois.

Belvidere, Illinois

Belvidere is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Benld, Illinois

Benld is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in Macoupin County.

Benton, Illinois

Benton is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Berwyn, Illinois

Berwyn is a city in Illinois in the United States.


Blue Island, Illinois

Blue Island is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Braidwood, Illinois

Braidwood is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Breese, Illinois

Breese is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Bridgeport, Illinois

Bridgeport is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Brookport, Illinois

Brookport is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Bunker Hill, Illinois

Bunker Hill is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Burbank, Illinois

Burbank is a city in Illinois in the United States. Its population was 27,902 at 2020. It is on the south-western edge of Chicago.

Bushnell, Illinois

Bushnell is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Byron, Illinois

Byron is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Cairo, Illinois

Cairo is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Calumet City, Illinois

Calumet City is a city in Illinois in the United States. In 2020, 36,033 people lived there.

Canton, Illinois

Canton is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Carbondale, Illinois

Carbondale is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Carlinville, Illinois

Carlinville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Carlyle, Illinois

Carlyle is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Carmi, Illinois

Carmi is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Carrollton, Illinois

Carrollton is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Carterville, Illinois

Carterville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Carthage, Illinois

Carthage is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Casey, Illinois

Casey is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Centralia, Illinois

Centralia is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is the birth place of politician and activist James Brady.

Centreville, Illinois

Centreville is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in St. Clair County.


Champaign, Illinois

Champaign is a city in Illinois in the United States. It includes part of the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign.

Charleston, Illinois

Charleston is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Chenoa, Illinois

Chenoa is a city in Illinois in the United States. The census tells us 1,695 people lived there in 2020. The city can be found where Interstate 55 meets Historic Route 66 and U.S. Route 24. Matthew T. Scott started the city in 1854 to give the people who rented homes on his farm the chance to shop and buy and sell with each other and so he could ship grain. The Chenoa Centennial was celebrated in 1954. Today, farming is still a big part of the community. 

Schuirman's Drug Store (now Chenoa Pharmacy) and Union Roofing are both notable because of how long they have been businesses in the area. Union Roofing is one of the largest roofers in Illinois. Many small shops and factories exist in the city too, including shops which sell antiques. The town school system closed at the end of the 2004 school year so now students go instead to the nearby Prairie Central school district. Lots of people enjoy July 4 celebrations in Chenoa each year.

Chester, Illinois

Chester is a city and the county seat of Randolph County, Illinois in the United States. The city features the Chester Bridge, a bridge over the Mississippi River connecting Perryville, Missouri with Chester.

In 2020, Chester had 6,814 people living in the city.

Chicago Heights, Illinois

Chicago Heights is a city in Illinois in the United States. In 2020, 27,480 people lived there.

Chillicothe, Illinois

Chillicothe is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Chrisman, Illinois

Chrisman is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Christopher, Illinois

Christopher is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Clinton, Illinois

Clinton is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Coffeen, Illinois

Coffeen is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Colchester, Illinois

Colchester is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Collinsville, Illinois

Collinsville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Colona, Illinois

Colona is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Columbia, Illinois

Columbia is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Country Club Hills, Illinois

Country Club Hills is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in Cook County.


Countryside, Illinois

Countryside is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Creal Springs, Illinois

Creal Springs is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Crest Hill, Illinois

Crest Hill is a city in the state Illinois in the United States.

Crystal Lake, Illinois

Crystal Lake is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Cuba, Illinois

Cuba is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Dallas City, Illinois

Dallas City is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Danville, Illinois

Danville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Darien, Illinois

Darien is a city in Illinois in the United States.

DeKalb, Illinois

DeKalb () is a city in Illinois in the United States. The population was 40,290 at the 2020 census. The city is named after decorated German war hero Johann De Kalb, who died during the American Revolutionary War.


Delavan, Illinois

Delavan is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Des Plaines, Illinois

Des Plaines is a city in Illinois in the United States.

It has a Bulgarian Orthodox Church called Saint Sophias.

Dixon, Illinois

Dixon is a city in the United States state of Illinois. It is the boyhood town of Ronald Reagan.

Du Quoin, Illinois

Du Quoin is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Earlville, Illinois

Earlville is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in LaSalle County.


East Dubuque, Illinois

East Dubuque is a city in Illinois in the United States.

East Moline, Illinois

East Moline is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is one of the Quad Cities.

East Peoria, Illinois

East Peoria is a city in Illinois in the United States.

East St. Louis, Illinois

East St. Louis is a city in southwest Illinois. It is a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri. in 2020, the city had a population of 18,469. The majority of the population is Black or African-American.

Edwardsville, Illinois

Edwardsville, home to Southern Illinois University Edwardsville (SIUE) is a city in Madison County, Illinois, United States. As of 2020, the population was 26,808. It is the county seat of Madison County. The city was named in honor of Ninian Edwards, then Governor of the Illinois Territory.

Effingham, Illinois

Effingham is a city in Illinois in the United States. There are several truck stops in Effingham. They also have fast food and hotels there.

El Paso, Illinois

El Paso is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Eldorado, Illinois

Eldorado is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Elgin, Illinois

Elgin () is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is roughly northwest of Chicago on the Fox River. Most of Elgin lies within Kane County, Illinois, with a portion in Cook County, Illinois. As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 114,797. It is the sixth-largest city in Illinois. It is part of the Chicago metropolitan area.





Elmhurst, Illinois

Elmhurst is a city in Illinois in the United States. In 2020, 45,786 people lived there.

Elmwood Park, Illinois

Elmwood Park is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Eureka, Illinois

Eureka is a small city of Illinois in the United States. In 2020, 5,227 people lived there. Eureka College, a place where Abraham Lincoln spoke and where Ronald Reagan graduated, is in Eureka.

Eureka was started in 1855. It was called "Walnut Grove". The name was changed to "Eureka" because there was another Walnut Grove. No one agrees about who thought of the name Eureka. The name "Eureka" comes from a Greek word that means "I found it".

Evanston, Illinois

Evanston is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is 12 miles (19 km) north to the center of Chicago, and is a part of the Chicago Metropolitan Area. The mayor of Evanston is Daniel Biss.

In March 2021, after Evanston passed a measure offering reparations to black residents over slavery, becoming the first in the United States to do so.


Fairbury, Illinois

Fairbury is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Fairfield, Illinois

Fairfield is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Fairview Heights, Illinois

Fairview Heights is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Farmer City, Illinois

Farmer City is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Farmington, Illinois

Farmington is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Flora, Illinois

Flora is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Fox Lake, Illinois

Fox Lake is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Freeport, Illinois

Freeport is a city in Illinois in the United States, it is also the county seat of Stephenson County, Illinois. The population was 23,973 at the 2020 census.


Fulton, Illinois

Fulton is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Galena, Illinois

Galena is the largest city in and the county seat of Jo Daviess County, Illinois. 3,308 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Galesburg, Illinois

Galesburg is a city in Illinois in the United States.


Galva, Illinois

Galva is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Geneseo, Illinois

Geneseo is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Geneva, Illinois

Geneva is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is on the Fox River between St. Charles, Illinois to the north and Batavia, Illinois to the south.

Genoa, Illinois

Genoa is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Georgetown, Illinois

Georgetown is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Gibson City, Illinois

Gibson City is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Gillespie, Illinois

Gillespie is a city in Illinois in the United States. As of 2020 there were about 3,000 people living here.

This small city has police protection, water supply, and sewer services.

Gilman, Illinois

Gilman is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Girard, Illinois

Girard is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Golconda, Illinois

Golconda is a city of Pope County in the state of Illinois in the United States. 

The name of this city is inspired from the famous fort called Golconda Fort which is located in Hyderabad city of Telangana district in India.

It is the county seat of Pope County.

Goreville, Illinois

Goreville is a village in Illinois in the United States. It is in Johnson County.

Grafton, Illinois

Grafton is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Grand Tower, Illinois

Grand Tower is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Granite City, Illinois

Granite City is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Grayslake, Illinois

Grayslake is a village in Lake County in Illinois in the United States.

Grayslake has a main lake called Grays Lake.

Grayville, Illinois

Grayville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Greenfield, Illinois

Greenfield is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Greenville, Illinois

Greenville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Griggsville, Illinois

Griggsville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Hamilton, Illinois

Hamilton is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Harrisburg, Illinois

Harrisburg is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Harvard, Illinois

Harvard is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Harvey, Illinois

Harvey is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Havana, Illinois

Havana is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Henry, Illinois

Henry is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Herrin, Illinois

Herrin is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Hickory Hills, Illinois

Hickory Hills is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Highland Park, Illinois

Highland Park is a city in Illinois in the United States. As of 2020, the population was 30,176.

On July 4, 2022, a mass shooting happened at a Fourth of July parade in Highland Park, killing seven people.

Highland, Illinois

Highland is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Highwood, Illinois

Highwood is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Hillsboro, Illinois

Hillsboro is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Hometown, Illinois

Hometown is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Hoopeston, Illinois

Hoopeston is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Hurst, Illinois

Hurst is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Jacksonville, Illinois

Jacksonville is a city of Morgan County, west-central Illinois in the United States.

Jerseyville, Illinois

Jerseyville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Johnston City, Illinois

Johnston City is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in Williamson County.

The city used to be called Jeffersonville. In the beginning of the 1900s, the city had many new people move in. These people moved for the coal mines. Ever since 1940 the population has gotten smaller. This is because of the coal mines not being used anymore. 

Joliet, Illinois

Joliet is a city in Illinois in the United States. Joliet is 40 miles southwest of Chicago, and is the county seat of Will County. About 150,000 people lived in Joliet as of the year 2020. From 1990 to 2010, Joliet was one of Illinois' quickest growing cities, and one of the quickest growing cities in the United States. It is also home to the Chicagoland Speedway used by NASCAR annually.

Kankakee, Illinois

Kankakee is a city in Illinois, United States. It is also the county seat of Kankakee County.

U.S. House of Representatives member Adam Kinzinger was born in Kankakee.

The Potawatami lived in the area beginning sometime in the 18th century. In 1833 the Potawatami signed a treaty with the United States government. They agreed to leave the region and move west. Kankakee was founded in 1854.

Keithsburg, Illinois

Keithsburg is a city of Mercer County in the state of Illinois in the United States.

Kewanee, Illinois

Kewanee is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Kinmundy, Illinois

Kinmundy is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Knoxville, Illinois

Knoxville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

La Harpe, Illinois

La Harpe is a city in Illinois in the United States. In 2020 there were 1,175 people living in La Harpe. It is in Hancock County. It is 697 feet above sea level.

The city is named for Berrard de LaHarpe, a French explorer. During the 1715 he spent winter in the area. The area was settled in the 1830's and the first post office opened in 1836.

Lacon, Illinois

Lacon is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is part of the Peoria, Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Lake Forest, Illinois

Lake Forest is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Lanark, Illinois

Lanark is a city in Illinois in the United States.

LaSalle, Illinois

LaSalle is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Lawrenceville, Illinois

Lawrenceville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Le Roy, Illinois

Le Roy is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Le Roy is located at (40.347168, -88.762293).

According to the 2020 census, Le Roy has a total area of , of which (or 99.2%) is land and (or 0.8%) is water.


Lebanon, Illinois

Lebanon is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Leland Grove, Illinois

Leland Grove is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Lena, Illinois

Lena is a village in Stephenson County, Illinois in the United States.

Lewistown, Illinois

Lewistown is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Lexington, Illinois

Lexington is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Lincoln, Illinois

Lincoln is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Lisle, Illinois

Lisle is a village in the state of Illinois in the United States.
It has two high schools, two junior highs, and an elementary school.
One high school is the Lisle Senior High.

Litchfield, Illinois

Litchfield is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Lockport, Illinois

Lockport is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Lombard, Illinois

Lombard is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Macomb, Illinois

Macomb is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Macon, Illinois

Macon is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Madison, Illinois

Madison is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Marengo, Illinois

Marengo is a city in Illinois in the United States. The population was 7,568 at the 2020 census.

Marion, Illinois

Marion is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Markham, Illinois

Markham is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in Cook County. The population was 11,661 at the 2020 census.

Maroa, Illinois

Maroa is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Marquette Heights, Illinois

Marquette Heights is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Marseilles, Illinois

Marseilles is a city in Illinois in the United States. The population was 4,845 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Ottawa–Streator Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Marshall, Illinois

Marshall is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Martinsville, Illinois

Martinsville is a city in Clark County, Illinois, United States. In 2020, the population was 1,118.

Mascoutah, Illinois

Mascoutah is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Mason City, Illinois

Mason City is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Mattoon, Illinois

Mattoon is a city in Illinois in the United States.

McHenry, Illinois

McHenry is a city in Illinois in the United States.

McLeansboro, Illinois

McLeansboro is a city in Hamilton County, Illinois, United States. The population was 2,675 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Hamilton County.

Mendota, Illinois

Mendota is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Metropolis, Illinois

Metropolis is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is the county seat of Massac County, Illinois.

Midlothian, Illinois

Midlothian is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Minonk, Illinois

Minonk is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Mokena, Illinois

Mokena is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Moline, Illinois

Moline is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is one of the Quad Cities. As of 2020, 42,985 people lived there.

Momence, Illinois

Momence is a city in Illinois in the United States. In 2020, 3117 people lived in it.

Monmouth, Illinois

Monmouth is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Monticello, Illinois

Monticello is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Morris, Illinois

Morris is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Morrison, Illinois

Morrison is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Mound City, Illinois

Mound City is a city in the U.S. state of Illinois.

Mounds, Illinois

Mounds is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Mount Carmel, Illinois

Mount Carmel is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Mount Carroll, Illinois

Mount Carroll is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Mount Olive, Illinois

Mount Olive is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Mount Pulaski, Illinois

Mount Pulaski is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Mount Sterling, Illinois

Mount Sterling is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is the county seat of Brown County.

Mount Vernon, Illinois

Mount Vernon is a city in and the county seat of Jefferson County, Illinois, United States. The population was 14,600 at the 2020 census.

Murphysboro, Illinois

Murphysboro is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Naperville, Illinois

Naperville is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is ranked the 4th biggest in Illinois. It was founded by Joseph Naper who founded it along with the DuPage River in 1831. Before any settlement, Naperville was home to Native American tribes. In 1641, the first Caucasian contact with Native Americans in Illinois. They were kicked out by the Potawami tribe that kicked out the Ilinewek tribe whom they had made contact with Native Americans. Naper arrived with his friends and family to what would be known as Napers Settlement. He was known for many things in Naperville as it was incorporated as a community in 1857. The county is named after the river, DuPage County. These churches were built by the early families of Naperville such as the Hobsons, Napers, and Scotts as they built seven churches. Naperville became an important stop from Chicago and Ottawa. By 1832, there were 180 residents living in Naperville whom they had built sawmills, stores, the Pre-Emption Hotel, and gristmills. Du-Page County was established in 1839 and Naperville became the county seat. Eight businesses in Naperville contributed to the building of the Southwest Plank Road. This was completed in 1851 and connected Chicago, Naperville, and Oswego. 

Naperville grew and grew for the next century as stone quarries flushed providing building materials for Chicago after the horrible fire of 1871. The Stenger Brewery shipped beer across the region. The Kroehler Manufacturing Company became Naperville’s largest employer which shipped furniture by rail into Chicago and many dominant markets. 

Naperville became a city in 1890 with a population of 2,629 from the 1900 census. It grew to 12,933 residents by 1960. Between 1890 and 1920, residents began to receive basic city services like water, sewers, electricity, and landlines. 

The suburban boom began in the western suburbs after the second world war, Naperville remained out of the range of growth until 1954, when plans for a transportation system began as it was announced as the East-West toll road. The route slirted the northern edge of Naperville and included an interchange which linked the city to downtown Chicago via the completed Eisenhower Expressway. As a result, residential, industrial, and retail services boomed in Naperville. The city expanded to 50 square miles in 1993, with a population of 128,358 in 2000. Among the area, only Aurora and Chicago were larger in size. 

Many new buisnesses attracted to the Naperville area were based in development and research. During the late 50s and 60s, Argonne National Laboratory, Northern Illinois Gas, AT&T Bell Laboratories, etc were established in Naperville 

Harold Moser led the residential boom with his first subdivision in 1956. By 1965, Moser had subdivided 8,000 building lots and built 3500 homes in the Naperville area. 

According to the 2010 census, Naperville has an area of 39.323 square miles of which 38.77 square miles is land and 0.553 square miles is water. 

Portions of Naperville drain to the West of the Dupage River. 

As of the 2020 census, the population of Naperville would be 149,540 making it the fourth populous city in the state of Illinois with the largest employer being Edward Hospital with 4500 employees. 

Naperville is home to Moser Tower and Millennium Carillion, is one of the fourth largest in the world. 

It is home to extensive parks and forest preservation networks like Centennial Beach. Naperville has two school districts, 203 and 204. 

Naperville has had two major floods, one in 1996 and the other in 2013. 

 

Nashville, Illinois

Nashville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Nason, Illinois

Nason is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Nauvoo, Illinois

Nauvoo is a city in Illinois in the United States. It was settled by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. Joseph Smith, the founder and prophet of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, built a temple in Nauvoo, Illinois, according to what he saw in a vision. 

Joseph Smith 

original temple was burnt, but a new one was built in 2002. Later in the 19th century, there was a utopian (ideal) colony built by a group called the Icarians. 

Neoga, Illinois

Neoga is a city in Illinois in the United States.

New Boston, Illinois

New Boston is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Newman, Illinois

Newman is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Newton, Illinois

Newton is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Nokomis, Illinois

Nokomis is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in Montgomery County.

Normal, Illinois

Normal is a town in McLean County, Illinois, in the United States. It is considered a "Twin City" of Bloomington, Illinois. Normal was originally called North Bloomington. Its name was changed to Normal after Illinois State Normal University was built there.

North Chicago, Illinois

North Chicago is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in Lake County.

North Chicago has the Great Lakes Naval Training Center and the headquarters of Abbott Laboratories.

Northlake, Illinois

Northlake is a city in Illinois in the United States.

O'Fallon, Illinois

O'Fallon is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Oak Forest, Illinois

Oak Forest is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Oakbrook Terrace, Illinois

Oakbrook Terrace is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Oakland, Illinois

Oakland is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Oglesby, Illinois

Oglesby is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Olney, Illinois

Olney is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is the county seat of Richland County.


Oneida, Illinois

Oneida is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Oregon, Illinois

Oregon is a city in Ogle County, Illinois, United States. Oregon is also the county seat. The population was 3,604 people in the 2020 census.

Orient, Illinois

Orient is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Orland Park, Illinois

Orland Park is a village in Illinois in the United States. In 2020, 58,703 people lived there.

Ottawa, Illinois

Ottawa is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Palos Heights, Illinois

Palos Heights is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Palos Hills, Illinois

Palos Hills is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Pana, Illinois

Pana is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Paris, Illinois

Paris is a city in Illinois in the United States. 

Park City, Illinois

Park City is a city in Illinois in the United States. There were 7,885 people living in the city, according to the 2020 census.

Park Ridge, Illinois

Park Ridge is a city in Cook County, Illinois, United States, and a Chicago suburb. The population was 39,656 at the 2020 census. It is located northwest of downtown Chicago. It is close to O'Hare International Airport, major expressways, and rail transportation. It is a part of the Chicago metropolitan area, bordering three northwestern neighborhoods of Chicago's Far North Side (Edison Park, Norwood Park, and O'Hare.)

As its name suggests, Park Ridge lies on a ridge. The soil is abundant with clay deposits, which made it a brick-making center for the developing city of Chicago. Park Ridge was originally called Pennyville to honor George Penny, the businessman who owned the local brickyard along with Robert Meacham. Later it was named Brickton. The Des Plaines River divides Park Ridge from neighboring Des Plaines, Illinois, which is west of Park Ridge. Chicago is south and east of Park Ridge, and Niles and unincorporated Maine Township are to its north.

Paxton, Illinois

Paxton is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Pekin, Illinois

Pekin is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Peru, Illinois

Peru is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Petersburg, Illinois

Petersburg is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Pinckneyville, Illinois

Pinckneyville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Pittsfield, Illinois

Pittsfield is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Plano, Illinois

Plano is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Pleasant Hill, Illinois

Pleasant Hill is a village of Pike County in the state of Illinois in the United States.

Polo, Illinois

Polo is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Pontiac, Illinois

Pontiac is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Princeton, Illinois

Princeton is a city in Bureau County, Illinois, United States. It is also the county seat of Bureau County. In 2020, 7,832 people lived there. Princeton is part of the Ottawa Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Bureau County was a New England settlement. The first people of Princeton were from New England. These people were "Yankees." They were part of a group of New England farmers who went west into what was then the wilds of the Northwest Territory during the early 1800s. Most of them came because of the Erie Canal. When they came to what is now Bureau County, there was nothing but forest and wild prairie. The New Englanders created farms, built roads, created government buildings and created post routes. Culturally, Bureau County would be very similar with early New England culture for most of its history. During slavery, it was a stop on the Underground Railroad at the home of Owen Lovejoy.

Princeton's old nickname was "The City of Elms" because there were many elm trees in Princeton during the middle of the 20th century.

Princeton is at (41.378481, −89.466924). The United States Census Bureau says that Princeton has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 7,832 people living in Princeton. They made up 3,533 households.

Amtrak has service to Princeton. It is on the "California Zephyr", the "Illinois Zephyr", the "Carl Sandburg" and the "Southwest Chief". It goes daily in both directions between Chicago and points west from Princeton.

Princeton has the Princeton High School. It is the oldest township high school in the state. It was created in 1867.


Prophetstown, Illinois

Prophetstown is a city in Illinois in the United States. The population was 1,946 at the 2020 census.

Prospect Heights, Illinois

Prospect Heights is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is a suburb of Chicago. In 2020, 16,058 people lived there.

Red Bud, Illinois

Red Bud is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Robinson, Illinois

Robinson is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Rochelle, Illinois

Rochelle is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Rock Falls, Illinois

Rock Falls is a city in Illinois in the United States. There were 8,789 people living in the city, according to the 2020 census.

Rock Island, Illinois

Rock Island is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is part of the Quad Cities of northwest Illinois and southeastern Iowa. It is named for an island, now called "Arsenal Island" and one of the world's largest arsenals.

Rockford, Illinois

Rockford is a city of Illinois in the United States. It is in Northern Illinois, at the junction of Interstate 90 and Interstate 39. It is one of the largest cities in the state of Illinois, with a population of 148,655 in 2020. An AHL team called the "Rockford IceHogs" play there.


Rolling Meadows, Illinois

Rolling Meadows is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Roodhouse, Illinois

Roodhouse is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Rosiclare, Illinois

Rosiclare is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Roxana, Illinois

Roxana is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Rushville, Illinois

Rushville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Salem, Illinois

Salem is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Sandwich, Illinois

Sandwich is a city in the U.S. state of Illinois. The population is 7,221 and is in the county's DeKalb, Kendall and LaSalle. It is nicknamed, ""The Fair City"".


Savanna, Illinois

Savanna is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Sesser, Illinois

Sesser is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Shawneetown, Illinois

Shawneetown is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Shelbyville, Illinois

Shelbyville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Silvis, Illinois

Silvis is a city in Illinois in the United States. It got its name in 1906.

South Beloit, Illinois

South Beloit is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Sparta, Illinois

Sparta is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Spring Valley, Illinois

Spring Valley is a city in Illinois in the United States.

St. Charles, Illinois

St. Charles is a city in Illinois in the United States. In the 2020 census, St. Charles had a population of 33,081. It is located on the Fox River between South Elgin, Illinois to the north and Geneva, Illinois to the south.

St. Elmo, Illinois

St. Elmo is a city in Illinois in the United States.

St. Francisville, Illinois

St. Francisville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Staunton, Illinois

Staunton is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Sterling, Illinois

Sterling is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Streamwood, Illinois

Streamwood is a village in Illinois in the United States. In 2020, 39.577 people lived there.

Streator, Illinois

Streator is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Sullivan, Illinois

Sullivan is a city in the U.S. state of Illinois.

Sumner, Illinois

Sumner is a city in Illinois in the United States. According to the 2020 census, the city has a total area of , all land.

Sycamore, Illinois

Sycamore is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Vandalia, Illinois

Vandalia is a city in Fayette County, Illinois, United States. It is northeast of St. Louis, on the Kaskaskia River. It was the capital of Illinois from 1819 to 1839. (The state legislature moved the capital from Kaskaskia to a more central location in Vandalia.) It was also the west end of the National (Cumberland) Road, which is now U.S. Highway 40. Today it is the county seat of Fayette County and the home of the Vandalia State House State Historic Site (1836). The population was 7,458 at the 2020 census.

Venice, Illinois

Venice is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Vienna, Illinois

Vienna is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Villa Grove, Illinois

Villa Grove is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Villa Park, Illinois

Villa Park is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Virden, Illinois

Virden is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Virginia, Illinois

Virginia is a city in the state of Illinois in the United States.

Wamac, Illinois

Wamac is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Warrenville, Illinois

Warrenville is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Warsaw, Illinois

Warsaw is a city in Hancock County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,510 at the 2020 census. People know the city for its historic downtown and the Warsaw Brewery.

The city of Warsaw began in 1814. Future president Zachary Taylor founded Fort Johnson on the eastern bank of the Mississippi River across from the mouth of the Des Moines River. Fort Johnson was occupied only for a few weeks before it was burned. In 1815 another military camp, Fort Edwards, was built nearby at a different location. Warsaw became an important fur trading post and one of the earliest European-American settlements in western Illinois.

During the 1840s, Warsaw was one of the centers of opposition to the Mormons at Nauvoo. Thomas C. Sharp, who edited the "Warsaw Signal" at this time lead the anti-Mormons. The Mormons tried to set up a settlement at Warren, a site just south of Warsaw. In 1841 Willard Richards moved to Warsaw to oversee the settlement of Warren, but due to the public response to writings by Sharp and other problems, the Mormon settlement was abandoned in 1842. In October 1844, a great gathering was announced in Warsaw. Although it claimed to be a "wolf hunt," people knew that the "wolves" to be hunted were the Mormons. When Governor Thomas Ford heard about it, he sent militia troops to disperse the gathering. Most Mormons left the area for Utah in 1846.

The city has a well-preserved downtown with a number of remaining historic businesses. Founded by German immigrants, the Warsaw Brewery opened in 1861 and operated for more than 100 years, ending production in 1971. The facility was renovated and reopened in 2006 as a bar and restaurant.


Washington, Illinois

Washington is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Waterloo, Illinois

Waterloo is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Watseka, Illinois

Watseka is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Waukegan, Illinois

Waukegan () is the largest city in and the county seat of Lake County, Illinois, United States. It is a suburb of Chicago, therefore part of the Chicago metropolitan area. As of the 2020 census, the population of Waukegan was 89,321.

Waverly, Illinois

Waverly is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in Morgan County. The population was 686 at the 2020 census.

Wenona, Illinois

Wenona is a city in Illinois in the United States.

West Chicago, Illinois

West Chicago is a city in Illinois in the United States.

West Frankfort, Illinois

West Frankfort is a city in Illinois in the United States.

West Peoria, Illinois

West Peoria is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Wheaton, Illinois

Wheaton is a city in Illinois in the United States.

White Hall, Illinois

White Hall is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Wilmington, Will County, Illinois

Wilmington is a city of Will County in the state of Illinois, in the United States.

Winchester, Illinois

Winchester is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is the county seat of Scott County.

Windsor, Illinois

Windsor, Shelby County is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Witt, Illinois

Witt is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is in Montgomery County.

Wood Dale, Illinois

Wood Dale is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Wood River, Illinois

Wood River is a city in Madison County, Illinois in the United States in the River Bend area.

Woodstock, Illinois

Woodstock is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Wyoming, Illinois

Wyoming is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Yorkville, Illinois

Yorkville is a city in Illinois in the United States. It is the county seat of Kendall County, Illinois.

Zeigler, Illinois

Zeigler is a city in Illinois in the United States. The population was 1,484 at the 2020 census.

Zion, Illinois

Zion is a city in Illinois in the United States.

Real Time Streaming Protocol

The Real Time Streaming Protocol (RTSP), developed by the IETF and created in 1998 as , is a protocol for use in streaming media systems, which allows a client to remotely control a streaming media server, issuing VCR-like commands such as "play" and "pause", and allowing time-based access to files on a server.

The sending of streaming data itself is not part of the RTSP protocol. Most RTSP servers use the standards-based RTP as the transport protocol for the actual audio/video data. The RTSP server from RealNetworks also features RealNetworks' proprietary RDT as the transport protocol.





Alexandria, Indiana

Alexandria is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. It was settled during the 1830s and 1840s by people who thought it would be linked by the planned 296-mile long Indiana Central Canal. The canal was never completed, and Alexandria did not really grow until the discovery of natural gas in 1887. The number of people living in the town grew from only 491 in 1887 to 7,221 in 1900.

The world's largest steel mill was built, but the gas did not last. The mill was taken down and moved without ever producing steel.

In 1943 the United States Office of War Information decided Alexandria was the typical American town. It published a book about the town called "Small Town, U.S.A".. This was to show what typical American people were like, how they lived, their beliefs and their values. Alexandria celebrates this choice with its annual "Small Town USA Festival."


Anderson, Indiana

Anderson is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Angola, Indiana

Angola is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Attica, Indiana

Attica is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Auburn, Indiana

Auburn is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Aurora, Indiana

Aurora is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Batesville, Indiana

Batesville is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Bedford, Indiana

Bedford is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 13,792. It is the county seat of Lawrence County.

Beech Grove, Indiana

Beech Grove is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the city's population was 14,192.

Berne, Indiana

Berne is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Bicknell, Indiana

Bicknell is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Bloomington, Indiana

Bloomington is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States of America.

Bluffton, Indiana

Bluffton is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Boonville, Indiana

Boonville is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Brazil, Indiana

Brazil is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. It is the county seat of Clay County.

Butler, Indiana

Butler is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Butler was created in 1866.

Cannelton, Indiana

Cannelton is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Carmel, Indiana

Carmel is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. The city was first called Bethlehem when it began in 1837. The name was changed to Carmel in 1847.

Charlestown, Indiana

Charlestown is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Clinton, Indiana

Clinton is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Columbia City, Indiana

Columbia City is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Columbus, Indiana

Columbus is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

In 2020, 50,474 people were living in Columbus.


Connersville, Indiana

Connersville is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Covington, Indiana

Covington is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Crawfordsville, Indiana

Crawfordsville is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Crown Point, Indiana

Crown Point is a city in, Indiana, United States. Crown Point was founded in 1834. It was incorporated into Lake County 1868. In 2020, 33,899 people lived there.

Decatur, Indiana

Decatur is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Delphi, Indiana

Delphi is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Dunkirk, Indiana

Dunkirk is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

East Chicago, Indiana

East Chicago is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Elkhart, Indiana

Elkhart () is a city in Elkhart County in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Elwood, Indiana

Elwood is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Evansville, Indiana

Evansville is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Fort Wayne, Indiana

Fort Wayne is a city in the U.S. state of Indiana and the county seat of Allen County. The population was 263,886 as of the 2020 Census, making it the 83rd largest city in the United States and the second largest in Indiana after Indianapolis. The city is in northeastern Indiana, about west of the Ohio border and south of the Michigan border. 

Under the direction of American Revolutionary War statesman Anthony Wayne, the United States Army built Fort Wayne. It was the last in a series of forts near the Miami tribe village of Kekionga in 1794. Named in Wayne's honor, the settlement established itself as a trading post for European pioneers.

Fort Wayne was known for hosting the first ever nighttime baseball game. In 1982, there was a flood that forced 9,000 residents to leave their homes. It damaged 2,000 buildings and caused US$56.1 million in damage. Because of this, President Ronald Reagan visited the city.

The city has been an All-America City Award winner. It won in 1982, 1998, and 2009. It received an Outstanding Achievement City Livability Award by the U.S. Conference of Mayors in 1999.


Frankfort, Indiana

Frankfort is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Franklin, Indiana

Franklin is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Garrett, Indiana

Garrett is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Gary, Indiana

Gary is a city in the state of Indiana, in the Midwestern United States. Gary is known for its steel mills and for being the birthplace of singer Michael Jackson. 

The population of Gary is less than 70,000. This is under half what it was in 1960. Industry has been reduced a lot since the 1960s. Most of the city's middle-class and white people moved away. It is now 75% African-American.

Gary has a humid continental climate (Dfa in the Köppen climate classification).

Gas City, Indiana

Gas City is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. It is in Grant County. It is along the Mississinewa River. It was first called Harrisburg.

Goshen, Indiana

Goshen is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Greencastle, Indiana

Greencastle is a city in Greencastle Township, Putnam County, Indiana, United States, and the county seat of Putnam County. Before Greencastle became a city in 1861, it was a town. Greencastle, Indiana was founded in year 1821 by a man named Ephraim Dukes after he purchased and later sold some land to the local government. This type of purchase is called a land grant. Ephraim Duke named the settlement for his hometown of Greencastle, Pennsylvania. The population was 9,820 at the 2020 census. It is located near Interstate 70 approximately halfway between Terre Haute and Indianapolis in the west-central portion of the state. Greencastle is well known as being the location of DePauw University.

As of the census of 2020, there were 9,820 people, 3,564 households, and 2,020 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 3,908 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 86.7% White, 2.5% African American, 0.3% Native American, 3.0% Asian, 3.2% from other races, and 4.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.0% of the population.

There were 3,564 households, of which 27.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.1% were married couples living together, 36.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 19.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 43.3% were non-families. 37.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.76.

The median age in the city was 30.7 years. 18.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 24.8% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 20.9% were from 25 to 44; 19.7% were from 45 to 64; and 16.4% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.

Greendale, Indiana

Greendale is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Greenfield, Indiana

Greenfield is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Greensburg, Indiana

Greensburg is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. The population was counted at 12,312 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of Decatur County.

Greenwood, Indiana

Greenwood is a city in Johnson County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.

Hammond, Indiana

Hammond is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. It is a sister city to Galaţi, Romania.

As of 2020 about 78,000 people are living there.


Hartford City, Indiana

Hartford City is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Hobart, Indiana

Hobart is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. The population was 29,752 at the 2020 census.

Huntingburg, Indiana

Huntingburg is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Huntington, Indiana

Huntington is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Major employers include UTEC (United Technologies Electronic Controls) and Continental Structural Plastics.

In the early 2016, UTEC announced plans to move about 700 of its roughly 800 positions to Mexico.

Jasonville, Indiana

Jasonville is a city of Greene County in the state of Indiana, United States.

Jasper, Indiana

Jasper is a city of Dubois County in the state of Indiana, United States. Jasper is the county seat of Dubois County.

Jeffersonville, Indiana

Jeffersonville is a city of Clark County in the state of Indiana, United States.

Jonesboro, Indiana

Jonesboro is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Kendallville, Indiana

Kendallville is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Knox, Indiana

Knox is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Kokomo, Indiana

Kokomo is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

La Porte, Indiana

La Porte is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

In April 1908, the home of resident Belle Gunness burned down. The investigation found that Belle Gunness was a killer who would seduce males so she could kill them for their money. It is unknown exactly how many murders she committed-anywhere to from over a dozen to a suspected 50. There are two main beliefs of Belle Gunness fate; one is that she was killed in the fire caused by her accomplice Ray Lamphere [who died in prison of natural causes]; the other is that she tried to fake her own death [the remains of the woman found with Gunness children did not confirm to Gunness size and weight]. In April 1931 a woman called herself "Esther Carlson" was arrested in California on a charge of poisoning a man named August Lindstrom for his money; she died of natural causes before she could be tried or identified as Gunness..

Lafayette, Indiana

Lafayette is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. According to the 2020 Census, the population was 70,783.

Lake Station, Indiana

Lake Station is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Lake Station has a total area of 8.4 square miles.

Lawrence, Indiana

Lawrence is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Lawrenceburg, Indiana

Lawrenceburg is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Lebanon, Indiana

Lebanon is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Ligonier, Indiana

Ligonier is a city in the state of Indiana in the United States.

Linton, Indiana

Linton is a town of the Stockton Township in Greene County in the state of Indiana, United States.

Logansport, Indiana

Logansport is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Loogootee, Indiana

Loogootee is a city of Martin County in the state of Indiana, United States.

Madison, Indiana

Madison is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Marion, Indiana

Marion is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. The city is the county seat of Grant County.

The city is the home of Indiana Wesleyan University.

Martinsville, Indiana

Martinsville is a city of Morgan County in the state of Indiana in the United States. About 11,900 people were living in Martinsville as of 2020.

Michigan City, Indiana

Michigan City is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Mishawaka, Indiana

Mishawaka is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. It is built on the banks of the St.Joseph River. First settled in the 1830's, in 2020 there were 51,063 people living in the city. The city is named after a Native American girl, Princess Mishawaka, the daughter of a Shawnee chief, Elkhart.

The first European settlers came to the area after bog iron was found there in the 1830's. Being near the river, it was a good site for industry which could use river transport. The town was first called St.Joseph Iron Works, after the works which started there in 1833. Shortly after, three other small towns were joined together as the city of Mishawaka.

Mitchell, Indiana

Mitchell is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Monticello, Indiana

Monticello is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Montpelier, Indiana

Montpelier is a city in Indiana in the United States.

In 2020, there were 1,540 people living in Montpelier.

Mount Vernon, Indiana

Mount Vernon is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Muncie, Indiana

Muncie is a city in Indiana in the United States. It is known as "Middletown USA" because many sociological studies were conducted there because it was said to be the typical American city. The population of Muncie in 2020 was 65,194 people.

Muncie is in Delaware County, about northeast of Indianapolis. The county was named after the Delaware Indians, a native American people, who had moved west from Ohio in the 1770's. They settled along the banks of the White River. One of the settlements was named Muncietown. In 1818 the Delaware signed a treaty with the US Government and moved out of the area to go further west.

Sociologists, Robert S. Lynd and his wife, Helen Merrell Lynd, studied Muncie in the 1920s. They wrote two books about life in Muncie called "Middletown: A study in modern American culture", and "Middletown in Transition". They wanted to study the typical small American city, which of course can not exist. They wanted to see how life in a city had changed from 1890 to 1925. They were going to study a city they way an anthropologist would study a primitive tribe. They decided to look at six parts of living in a city:

They chose Muncie because it shared features with many other small cities. The selection was based on the following:

Muncie was chosen from the 143 cities that met the above descriptions. Since then Muncie has been studied by other sociologists looking at life in America. The Ball State University in Muncie runs the Center for Middletown Studies to continue the research.

Nappanee, Indiana

Nappanee is a city in Indiana in the United States.

New Albany, Indiana

New Albany is a city in Indiana in the United States.

New Haven, Indiana

New Haven is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Noblesville, Indiana

Noblesville is a city in Indiana in the United States. Its population as of 2020 is 69,604. It is also about 35.8 square miles large.

North Vernon, Indiana

North Vernon is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Oakland City, Indiana

Oakland City is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Peru, Indiana

Peru is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Petersburg, Indiana

Petersburg, Indiana is a city in Indiana in the United States. It is the county seat of Pike County.

Plymouth, Indiana

Plymouth is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Portage, Indiana

Portage is a city in Indiana in the United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 37,926 people lived there.

Portland, Indiana

Portland is a city in Indiana in the United States. The population in 2020 was 6,320. It is 90 miles west of Indianapolis.


Princeton, Indiana

Princeton is a city in the state of Indiana in the United States.

Rensselaer, Indiana

Rensselaer is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Richmond, Indiana

Richmond is a city in Indiana in the United States and county seat of Wayne County, Indiana.

Rising Sun, Indiana

Rising Sun is a city in Indiana in the United States. The population was 2,248 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of Ohio County.


Rochester, Indiana

Rochester is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Rockport, Indiana

Rockport is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Rushville, Indiana

Rushville is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Salem, Indiana

Salem is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Scottsburg, Indiana

Scottsburg is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Seymour, Indiana

Seymour is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Shelbyville, Indiana

Shelbyville is a city in Indiana in the United States.

South Bend, Indiana

South Bend is a city in northern Indiana in the United States. It is the county seat of St. Joseph County near the St. Joseph River. In the year 2020, the city had 103,453 people living in it. It is the fourth largest city in Indiana. The University of Notre Dame is in South Bend. 

The current mayor is James Mueller since 2020.

Southport, Indiana

Southport is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Sullivan, Indiana

Sullivan is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Tell City, Indiana

Tell City is a city in Indiana in the United States.


Terre Haute, Indiana

Terre Haute is a city in Indiana in the United States. Indiana State University is in Terre Haute.

Tipton, Indiana

"This is about the town in Indiana, USA. For other towns called Tipton, see Tipton (disambiguation)."

Tipton is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Union City, Indiana

Union City is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Valparaiso, Indiana

Valparaiso is a city in Indiana in the United States.
In 2006, in the town hall of Valaparaiso, a time capsule from 1917 was found. Inside was a letter, written by Louis James Gast in 1917. There were also photos, a telephone book, and magazine pages. 

Vincennes, Indiana

Vincennes is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Wabash, Indiana

Wabash is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Warsaw, Indiana

Warsaw is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Washington, Indiana

Washington is a city in Indiana in the United States.

West Lafayette, Indiana

West Lafayette is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Whiting, Indiana

Whiting is a city in the US state of Indiana. The city is in Lake County on the southern shore of Lake Michigan. It is a part of the Chicago Metropolitan District. There were 4,559 people living in Whiting according to the 2020 United States Census.

The city is home to the Whiting Refinery. This is the biggest oil refinery in the Midwest. 

Winchester, Indiana

Winchester is a city in Indiana in the United States.

Woodburn, Indiana

Woodburn is a city in Indiana in the United States.

August Krogh

August Krogh (Schack August Steenberg Krogh, 15 November 1874 13 September 1949) was a Danish zoologist. He won the 1920 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his discoveries about capillaries.


Ackley, Iowa

Ackley is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Ackworth, Iowa

Ackworth is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Adair, Iowa

Adair is a city in Iowa in the United States. It is in the counties of Adair and Guthrie. At the 2020 census, 791 people lived there.

Adel, Iowa

Adel is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Afton, Iowa

Afton is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Agency, Iowa

Agency is a city in Iowa in the United States. The population of Agency was 620 in 2020.

Agency's coordinates are .

Ainsworth, Iowa

Ainsworth is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Akron, Iowa

Akron is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Albert City, Iowa

Albert City is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Albia, Iowa

Albia is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Albion, Iowa

Albion is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Alburnett, Iowa

Alburnett is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Alden, Iowa

Alden is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Alexander, Iowa

Alexander is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Algona, Iowa

Algona is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Alleman, Iowa

Alleman is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Allerton, Iowa

Allerton is a city of Wayne County in the state of Iowa, United States.

Allison, Iowa

Allison is a city in Iowa in the United States. It was named for U.S. Senator William Boyd Allison.

Alta Vista, Iowa

Alta Vista is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Alta, Iowa

Alta is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Alton, Iowa

Alton is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Altoona, Iowa

Altoona is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Alvord, Iowa

Alvord is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Ames, Iowa

Ames is a city in Iowa in the United States. In 2020 there were 66,427 people living in the city. It is was built between Skunk River and Squaw Creek, 35 miles north of the state capital, Des Moines. The town was first settled in 1864 as a railway town at a spot where the Skunk River could be crossed easily. It was named after Oakes Ames, a member of the US Congress who supported building the railway. 

Ames is the home of the Iowa State University. It is also famous for being the home of the United States Department of Agriculture's National Animal Disease Center.


Anamosa, Iowa

Anamosa is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Andover, Iowa

Andover is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Andrew, Iowa

Andrew is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Anita, Iowa

Anita is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Ankeny, Iowa

Ankeny is a city in Iowa in the United States.

It has a population of 67,887 and is the 3rd biggest city in Polk County.

Anthon, Iowa

Anthon is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Aplington, Iowa

Aplington is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Arcadia, Iowa

Arcadia is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Archer, Iowa

Archer is a city of O'Brien County in the state of Iowa in the United States. Around 117 people were living in Archer as of 2020.

Aredale, Iowa

Aredale is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Aredale is located at (42.834907, -93.004744).

Argyle, Iowa

Argyle is an unincorporated community of Iowa in the United States. It is in southwestern Lee County.

Arion, Iowa

Arion is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Arispe, Iowa

Arispe is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Arlington, Iowa

Arlington is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Armstrong, Iowa

Armstrong is a city in Emmet County of the state of Iowa in the United States. About 875 people were living in Armstrong as of 2020.

Arnolds Park, Iowa

Arnolds Park is a city in Iowa in the United States. It is in Dickinson County.

Arthur, Iowa

Arthur is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Asbury, Iowa

Asbury is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Ashton, Iowa

Ashton is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Aspinwall, Iowa

Aspinwall is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Atalissa, Iowa

Atalissa is a city of Muscatine County in the state of Iowa, in the United States.

Atkins, Iowa

Atkins is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Atlantic, Iowa

Atlantic is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Auburn, Iowa

Auburn is a city in Iowa in the United States. It is in Sac County.

Audubon, Iowa

Audubon is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Aurelia, Iowa

Aurelia is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Aurora, Iowa

Aurora is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Avoca, Iowa

Avoca is a city in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, United States. In 2020, 1,683 people lived there.

Avoca was created in 1869 when the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad built a railroad near the area. It is named after Avoca in Ireland. It quickly became a regional service center for the nearby farms.

Avoca is at (41.4790, -95.3373). The city is between the West Nishnabotna River and its East Branch.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

In 2020, there were 1,683 people living in Avoca. These people made up 704 households. 92.0% of the people were White, 0.7% African American, 0.7% Native American, 0.8% Asian, 1.3% from other races, and 4.5% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.7% of the people.

The median age in the city was 42.1 years old. 49.3% of the people were male, and 50.7% of the people were female.

The community is served by the AHSTW Community School District. It used to be in the Hancock-Avoca Community School District until July 1, 1996. This was when the district merged into the A-H-S-T Community School District. In turn, that merged into AHSTW on July 1, 2016.



Ayrshire, Iowa

Ayrshire is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Badger, Iowa

Badger is a city in Iowa in the United States. The population was 522 at the 2020 census.

Bagley, Iowa

Bagley is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Baldwin, Iowa

Baldwin is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Balltown, Iowa

Balltown is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Bancroft, Iowa

Bancroft is a city in Iowa in the United States.


Bankston, Iowa

Bankston is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Barnes City, Iowa

Barnes City is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Barnum, Iowa

Barnum is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Bassett, Iowa

Bassett is a city in Iowa in the United States. It is in northeastern Iowa. It is in Chickasaw County.

Batavia, Iowa

Batavia is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Battle Creek, Iowa

Battle Creek is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Baxter, Iowa

Baxter is a city in Iowa in the United States. It is in Jasper County, near the central part of the state.

Bayard, Iowa

Bayard is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Beacon, Iowa

Beacon is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Beaconsfield, Iowa

Beaconsfield is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Beaman, Iowa

Beaman is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Beaver, Iowa

Beaver is a city in Iowa in the United States of America.

Bedford, Iowa

Bedford is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Belle Plaine, Iowa

Belle Plaine is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Bellevue, Iowa

Bellevue is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Belmond, Iowa

Belmond is a city in Iowa in the United States. According to the 2020 census, there are 2,463 people living in Belmond and the town's area is 2.8 miles, all of it land. The largest racial ethnic group that exists are Whites forming around 82% of the total population.

On October 14, 1966, at about 2:55pm, Belmond was hit by an F5 tornado which killed six people and destroyed 650 homes.

Bennett, Iowa

Bennett is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Benton, Iowa

Benton is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Berkley, Iowa

Berkley is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Bernard, Iowa

Bernard is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Bertram, Iowa

Bertram is a city of Linn County in the state of Iowa, United States.

Berwick, Iowa

Berwick is a city in Iowa in the United States.

Bettendorf, Iowa

Bettendorf is a city in Iowa in the United States. It is in Scott County. Bettendorf is not one of the Quad Cities, however neighboring Davenport and the Illinois cities of Moline, East Moline and Rock Island are. In 2011, Bettendorf was named America's 95th Best Town by CNNMoney.

Bevington, Iowa

Bevington is a city in Iowa in the United States. The population was 57 at the 2020 census.

