Sidewinding

Sidewinding is a type of locomotion unique to some snakes. They use it to move across loose or slippery ground like sand or mud. It is often used by the Saharan horned viper, "Cerastes cerastes", and the sidewinder rattlesnake, "Crotalus cerastes", to move across loose desert sands. It is also used by some snakes in Southeast Asia to move across tidal mud flats. Other snakes can be induced to sidewind on artificial smooth surfaces, with various degrees of success. Sidewinding is not the only way snakes can move on sand.

Sidewinding is done by simply lifting all the segments with the same slope off the ground. In the movement, the snake's body is always in static (as opposed to sliding) contact with the ground. The head seems to be "thrown" forward, and the body follows, being lifted from the prior position and moved forward to lie on the ground ahead of where it was originally. Meanwhile, the head is being thrown forward again. In this way, the snake slowly progresses at an angle, leaving a series of mostly straight, J-shaped tracks. Because the snake's body is in static contact with the ground, imprints of the belly scales can be seen in the tracks, and each track is almost exactly as long as the snake.

Below is a crude animated line-drawing showing sidewinding in action. The light brown areas are the tracks left behind, and show where the body of the snake touched the ground.

This mode of locomotion overcomes the slippery nature of sand or mud by pushing off with only static portions on the body. The static nature of the contact points can be shown from the tracks of a sidewinding snake, which show each belly scale imprint, without any smearing. This mode of locomotion has very low caloric cost, less than ⅓ of the cost for a lizard or snake to move the same distance. Contrary to popular belief, there is no evidence that sidewinding is associated with the sand being hot.

Dickie Moore (ice hockey)

Richard Winston "Dickie" Moore (January 6, 1931 – December 19, 2015) was a Canadian former professional hockey player, and successful businessman. He twice won the Art Ross Trophy as the National Hockey League's leading scorer and was added into that Hockey Hall of Fame.

Moore played with the Montreal Canadiens from 1951 to 1963. He started playing with the Montreal Jr. Royals for three seasons from 1947 to 1950, and made his debut with the Montreal Canadiens in the middle of the 1951–52 season. Moore had played on two Memorial Cup winners, one with the Montreal Royals in 1949 and Montreal Junior Canadiens the following year. He was known for his hard accurate shot and his ability to stickhandle the puck. He twice won the Art Ross Memorial Trophy as the league's leading scorer. Moore broke Gordie Howe's record of 95 total points in a regular season play with 41 goals and 55 assists.

Moore won the Stanley Cup for the first time in 1953 and was a member of the Montreal Canadiens team that won five cups in a row from 1956–60. He retired following the 1962–63 season, but came back after a year's break to play for the Toronto Maple Leafs. Another three-year break saw Moore return to play 27 games for the St. Louis Blues.

In 1974, Moore was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame. In 1998, he was ranked number 31 on "The Hockey News"' list of the 100 Greatest Hockey Players.

Following his retirement from hockey, Moore became a successful businessman, operating a tool rental business in Montreal.

On November 12, 2005, the Canadiens retired the uniform number 12 in honor of both Moore and Yvan Cournoyer.

On August 27, 2006, Moore suffered neck, spine and rib injuries when his car was hit by a truck in Montreal. He was trapped in the car for 45 minutes before rescue.

Moore died on December 19, 2015 in Montreal, Quebec from prostate cancer at the age of 84.



Dickie Moore

Dickie Moore can mean:


Dit Clapper

Aubrey Victor "Dit" Clapper (February 9, 1907 – January 20, 1978) was a Canadian Hall of Fame ice hockey player, playing his entire professional career for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League. 

Clapper was the first NHL player to play twenty seasons, and one of only two to be an All-Star at both forward and defence. The right wing on the powerful "Dynamite Line"—one of the first forward lines to receive a nickname in hockey history—along with linemates Cooney Weiland and Dutch Gainor, he contributed to the breaking of several scoring records in the 1930s. Towards the end of his career, he was named player-coach of the Bruins, and held the coaching position after his retirement as a player.

Aubrey Clapper, son of Bill Clapper, was raised in Hastings, Ontario. Clapper was given his nickname at an early age when he would lisp his name, the result coming out "Dit."

Clapper started his hockey career at age 13, playing minor hockey in Oshawa, and going on to play with the junior league Toronto Parkdale club of the Ontario Hockey Association in 1925, scoring a goal in the team's Memorial Cup run that season. The following season he turned professional, playing for the Boston Tigers of the Canadian-American Hockey League.

The Boston Bruins bought Clapper's contract from the Tigers in 1927. Hitherto a defenceman, Bruins' coach Art Ross decided to try Clapper at right wing, and the experiment stuck. He scored his first NHL goal - ten seconds into his first shift—in the season opener against the Chicago Black Hawks.

The following season, Ross teamed Clapper up with Cooney Weiland and Dutch Gainor to form the Dynamite Line, one of the first named forward lines in history. The Bruins won the American Division that season and went on to their first Stanley Cup championship, with Clapper scoring the winning goal in the first game of their best-of-three series with the New York Rangers. 

In the 1930 season, the league changed the passing rules, effectively eliminating offsides. The Stanley Cup champion Bruins took especial advantage, breaking many scoring records and recording the highest winning percentage the league would ever see, unsurpassed as of 2012. Leading the charge was the Dynamite Line, as Weiland led the league in scoring, Clapper finishing third and Gainor finishing ninth; Clapper's goal total of 41 was the third most in league history at that time. The Dynamite Line scored 102 of the Bruins' league record 179 goals, as many as last-place Pittsburgh managed. While Clapper scored four goals in six playoff games, the Bruins were shocked in the Stanley Cup finals by the Montreal Canadiens in their best-of-three series.

While Clapper kept his production high in the 1931 season, Gainor's scoring fell off badly, and the Dynamite Line was broken up at season's end. Clapper's 22 goals were good for eighth in the league, and he was named Second Team All-Star at right wing at year's end, the first season such All-Stars were named. The following year Clapper—with Bud Cook replacing the traded Gainor on his line with Weiland—was named team captain and again finished eighth in league scoring, but an injury-riddled Bruins' team fell into last place and out of the playoffs. While Weiland was dealt to Ottawa for the 1933 season, the Bruins purchased Montreal Maroons star Nels Stewart and paired him with Clapper to form a powerful offensive unit that led the Bruins back to a division championship.

The largest forward of his era at 6'2" and 200 lbs, Clapper was a notably peaceful player who nonetheless was involved in an unusual incident in the 1937 Stanley Cup playoffs against the Montreal Maroons. Highsticking Maroon Dave Trottier twice in the head, referee Clarence Campbell (the future NHL president) called Clapper a profane name, and Clapper knocked the referee to the ice with a single punch. Speculation was heavy that Clapper's punishment would be severe, but Campbell himself pleaded Clapper's case, stating that he felt he had provoked the Bruin into the blow; Clapper received only a $100 fine for the incident.

By 1938, Ross believed the Bruins needed an overhaul, and as part of it asked Clapper to move back to defence. Paired with perennial superstar Eddie Shore on the backline, the move proved highly successful, and Clapper was named a First Team NHL All-Star on defence in 1939, 1940 and 1941, leading the Bruins to Stanley Cup victories in 1939 and 1941.

In February 1942, Clapper suffered a severed tendon in a collision with Toronto player Bingo Kampman and was done for the season. It was feared he would be forced into retirement, but he came back next year and returned to form. During the 1944 season, Clapper broke Hooley Smith's career record for games played, holding the record until Maurice Richard surpassed him in 1957.

During the 1944 season, Clapper filled in as interim coach when Art Ross took ill. In 1945 Ross retired as Bruins' coach, retaining his general manager's position, and named Clapper as player-coach, the only one in team history. Clapper retained his team captaincy until his retirement as a player in 1947, ultimately serving as team captain for longer than any NHL player until Ray Bourque surpassed his total in the 1990s.

Due to injuries and with his skills not what they used to be, Clapper originally retired before the start of the 1946–47 season, but returned to play in November 1946 to replace the injured Jack Crawford in the Bruins' lineup. He played only once in awhile thereafter, and retired for good on February 12, 1947. Leading the Bruins to a 10-1 victory over the New York Rangers in his final game (in which Bill Cowley broke the league career scoring record, the Bruins further announced that day that his number #5 sweater would be retired, and the Hockey Hall of Fame immediately inducted him as an Honoured Member; he was the only active player ever to be inducted into the Hall, and at the time the only living Member inducted. 

Of his prowess, Bruins goaltending legend Tiny Thompson said: "Clapper diagnosed the plays like a great infielder in baseball," said. "He put himself where the puck had to come."

He coached the Bruins for two more seasons until, unhappy with the club's performance in the 1949 playoffs against Toronto and uneasy about coaching friends with whom he had played, he resigned. Save for a single season coaching the American Hockey League's Buffalo Bisons in 1960, in which the team recorded a 33-35-4 record and failed to make the playoffs, he did not again participate in professional hockey.

Clapper ran a plumbing firm and a sporting goods store in Peterborough in retirement, while serving as a director of the Peterborough Petes of the OHA. He briefly attempted a political career, standing as a Liberal candidate for the Peterborough West riding in the 1949 federal election, losing by less than 250 votes to incumbent Progressive Conservative Gordon Fraser.

Dit Clapper died of complications from a 1973 stroke, which had left him confined to a wheelchair, on January 21, 1978. He is buried in Trent Valley Cemetery, Hastings, Ontario.

In 1983, the Bruins signed former Montreal Canadiens star Guy Lapointe, Lapointe sought to wear his customary #5 jersey, which had been retired in Clapper's honor nearly forty years before. Team general manager Harry Sinden agreed to Lapointe's request, but under protests from Clapper's family, Bruins superstar Bobby Orr and the public, Lapointe was switched to #27 after a handful of games.

In August 2012, former NHL coach Scotty Bowman, who was a young Peterborough Petes coach when Clapper served on the club's board of directors, paid tribute to Clapper. The occasion was the unveiling by Dit's daughter, Marilyn Armstrong, of a new street sign named "Dit Clapper Drive" in Hastings, Ontario.



Districts of Luxembourg

The former three districts of Luxembourg (, , ) were the top-level administrative divisions of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The districts were divided into cantons.

The districts (and cantons) were created on 24 February 1843. In 1857, the "Mersch" district was created from the cantons of Mersch and Redange. However, this fourth district was abolished in 1867.

In October 2015, the districts were abolished.

Diekirch District

The District of Diekirch (, German: "Diekirch", ) was one of three districts of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. Its capital was the city of Diekirch.

In 2015, the districts were abolished.

It was the northernmost of the districts and, with an area of , the largest of the three districts. It has a population of 83,661 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km², the lowest density of all districts.

When the districts were created on 24 February 1843, Diekirch was one of the three of the country.

On 2012, the communes of Heinerscheid and Munshause were made part of the commune of Clervaux; Hosingen, Consthum and Hoscheid were merged to made the new commune of Parc Hosingen; Ermsdorf and Medernach were merged to made the new commune of Vallée de l'Ernz; Heiderscheid and Neunhausen were joined to Esch-sur-Sûre. So the number of communes changed from 43 to 36.

The Diekirch district is bordered to the west and north by Belgium (Belgian provinces of Luxembourg and Liège), to the east by Germany (German "Land" of Rhineland-Palatinate, to the south by the Luxembourg district and to the southwest by the Grevenmacher district.

The two highest hills in Luxembourg, the Kneiff () and Buurgplaatz (), are in this district, in the "commune" Troisvierges.

The former Diekirch District coincides with the Oesling Region, except for the southern parts.

The Diekirch district has 5 cantons and 36 "communes".


Canton of Diekirch

Diekirch () is a canton in Luxembourg. Its capital is Diekirch.

On 1 January 2012, the canton lost the "commune" of Hoscheid when it was made part of the new "commune" Parc Hosingen in the Clervaux canton. It lost the "communes" of Ermsdorf and Medernach when they were combined to make the new "commune" of Vallée de l'Ernz.

With an area of , and a population (2017) of 32,244, the Diekirch canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

It is bordered on the north by the cantons Clervaux and Vianden, on the east by the German district of Bitburg-Prüm (part of the "Land" of Rhineland-Palatinate) and the canton of Echternach, in the south by the canton of Mersch, and to the west by the cantons Redange and Wiltz.

The Diekirch canton consists of the following 10 communes (2017 population).


Diekirch

Diekirch (; from "Diet-Kirch", i.e. "people's church") is a commune with city status in north-eastern Luxembourg, capital city of the canton Diekirch and the district of Diekirch. The city is situated on the banks of the Sauer river.

The National Museum of Military History of Luxembourg is in Diekirch.

Diekirch is mentioned in 938 as "Theochirica" and then as "Diecirke" in 1182 and "Diekirke" in 1221. The word Diekirch means, in Luxembourgish, "people's church".

The town of Diekirch, which lies in the south of the "commune", has an area of . The altitude is high. At the church, the altitude is high.

Diekirch is surrounded by four "communes": Tandel (Vianden canton) to the north, Bettendorf to the east, Vallée de l'Ernz to the south, and Erpeldange to the west.

The most important river is the Sauer (German, Luxembourgish) or Sûre (French) that flows through the city.

There were 6,472 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in Diekirch

The town's mascot is the donkey. There is a donkey fountain in the centre of Diekirch.

The city of Diekirch has, as twin cities, the following cities:


Sauer

The Sauer (German, Luxembourgish) or Sûre (French) is a river in Belgium, Luxembourg and Germany. It is a left tributary of the river Moselle, and so it is part of the drainage basin of the Rhine river.

The Sauer river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

The source of the Sauer is, as Sûre, in the southeast of Belgium in the Ardennes (Luxembourg province), on the western part of the Rhenish Massif, at an altitude of about .

From there, the Sauer flows to the east and crosses the border between Belgium and Luxembourg near Martelange. It forms the border between Belgium and Luxembourg for north of Martelange. On their way through the mountainous north of Luxembourg (the Oesling), it passes through the Lac de la Haute Sure, an artificial lake to the west of Esch-sur-Sûre.

After flowing through Ettelbruck and Diekirch, the Sauer forms the border between Luxembourg and Germany for the last of its course, passing Echternach before joining, as left tributary, the Moselle in Wasserbillig, at about of altitude.




Norma Pons

Norma Delia Orizi (18 August 1942 – 29 April 2014) known by her stage name Norma Pons, was an Argentine actress and vedette. She was known for her roles in "El hombre del año", "Crimen en el hotel alojamiento", "Adiós Sui Generis", and in "El pozo". Pons was born in Rosario, Sante Fe, Argentina. 

Pons died on 29 April 2014 from a heart attack in Buenos Aires, Argentina, aged 70.

Livingston, Montana

Livingston is a city in Montana, United States. It is the county seat of Park County. About 8,000 people lived there in 2020.

It is along the Yellowstone River, north of Yellowstone National Park.

Walter Walsh

Colonel Walter Rudolph Walsh (May 4, 1907 – April 29, 2014) was an American FBI agent, United States Marine Corps shooting teacher and Olympic shooter. Walsh joined the FBI in 1934. He was there during the public enemy era. He was known for capturing Arthur Barker and for killing Al Brady. 

Walsh was the oldest retired FBI agent. He competed as a shooter at the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was the oldest surviving Olympic competitor until his death in 2014.

Walsh received awards for his marksmanship. He was the coach of the Olympic shooting team until 2000. At age 100, he was present at a re-enactment of the Al Brady shootout in Bangor, Maine. At this event, he was presented with a plaque and the key to the city.

Walsh was born in Union City, New Jersey. He studied at Rutgers Law School. He joined the National Guard in 1928.

Walsh had three daughters and two sons. His wife died before him. He died in his home in Virginia from natural causes. His death was less than a week before his 107th birthday.

Union City, New Jersey

Union City is a city in Hudson County, New Jersey.

Hyde Park on Hudson

Hyde Park on Hudson is a 2012 British-American biographical comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Roger Mitchell. It is set in New York in 1939. It stars Bill Murray as Franklin D. Roosevelt and Laura Linney as Roosevelt's mistress Margaret Suckley. It was released to mixed reviews on 1 February 2013.

Ian Ross

Ian 'Roscoe' Ross (24 June 194030 April 2014) was an Australian television news presenter. He worked in "Seven News" in Sydney and for the "National Nine News". Ross was born in New South Wales, Australia.

Ross died on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia from pancreatic cancer, aged 73. He was divorced from his wife, by whom he had three children and he was in a relationship with a man and was bisexual. He is survived by his partner and children.

The Amity Affliction

The Amity Affliction is an Australian metalcore band from Gympie, Queensland, Australia. The band was formed in 2003.




Footprint

Footprints are shapes on the ground where people or animals walked. The foot touches the ground and at that position a footprint appears afterwards. This can happen because the ground is muddy or snowy and the foot sinks a little bit into the ground. Another possibility is that the foot is dirty or has fresh color on it. When the foot touches the ground the dirt or color remains at the ground and marks the position of contact. 

Footprints mark the way of people or animals. Hunters for example are able to follow an animal by following its footprints. Like that leaving footprints can be a big disadvantage. 

In the time of internet people also talk about digital footprints. This are not real footprint but small bits of data (for example the IP address) which enable computer professionals to follow the way of an user in the internet. This can also be a disadvantage for the user who is leaving the digital footprints.


Lichtentaler Allee

The Lichtentaler Allee is a 2.3 kilometers long street in Baden-Baden. But it is also the name of the park around that street. It became popular in the 19th century when a lot of noble and rich people met in Baden-Baden and walked at that street. For them it was a place to be. The Lichtentaler Allee follows the river Oos. A lot of seldom trees and plants can be seen there.



Çorum

Çorum is a city in northern Turkey. The city is in the Karadeniz Region. In 2013, 270,864 people lived there.

Chris Harris (actor)

Chris Harris (14 December 1942 – 30 April 2014) was an English actor, director and writer. He appeared in several UK television series including "Into the Labyrinth" and "Hey Look... That's Me". He also had a career in pantomime. He was born in Bridgwater, Somerset.

Harris died from cancer on 30 April 2014 in Portishead, Somerset. He was 71.

Assi Dayan

Asaf "Assi" Dayan (23 November 1945 – 1 May 2014) was an Israeli movie director, actor, screenwriter and producer. By 2008, he had acted in over 50 movies and television series episodes. He was born in Nahalal.

Dayan died on 1 May 2014 in Tel Aviv. He was 68.

Papal supremacy

In the Roman Catholic Church, the pope is seen as the highest clergy and as the head of the church. In short, anything the pope says in his function of head of the church is valid for the whole church. The pope has full, supreme, and universal power over the whole Church, a power which he can always exercise unhindered: that, in brief, "the Pope enjoys, by divine institution, supreme, full, immediate, and universal power in the care of souls." This means that the situation of the pope is similar to that of an absolute monarch or the leader of a Fascist state.

New Madrid, Missouri

New Madrid is a city in New Madrid County in Missouri. It is in southeast Missouri on the Mississippi River. At the 2020 census, 2,787 people lived there.

The city was established in 1776 to 1778.

Windsor Heights, Iowa

Windsor Heights is a city in Polk County, Iowa. It is near Des Moines. It is in central Iowa. At the 2020 census, 5,252 people lived there.

The city was established on July 19, 1941.

Marine iguana

The marine iguana ("Amblyrhynchus cristatus") is an iguana found only on the Galápagos Islands. It is the only modern lizard, to live and forage in the sea. Also unusually, it is a vegetarian. It only eats algae.

The iguana can dive over into the water. It has spread to all the islands in the archipelago, and is sometimes called the Galápagos marine iguana. It mainly lives on the rocky Galápagos shore to warm from the comparably cold water. It can also be spotted in marshes and mangrove beaches. Charles Darwin described them:

Atemelia torquatella

Atemelia torquatella is a moth of the Praydidae family. Lienig and Zeller used the scientific name in 1846.


Ateliotum petrinella

Ateliotum petrinella is a moth of the Tineidae family. Herrich-Schaffer used the scientific name in 1854.


Equality Act 2010

The Equality Act 2010 is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom.

Before 2010, there were many different Acts (laws) and Regulations (rules) in Great Britain which protected against different kinds of discrimination. The Equality Act's goal was to put all of these laws and protections together into one law, and make it easier to understand.

All of these laws were put together to make the Equality Act:

The Equality Act has the same goals as the four major European Union Equal Treatment Directives (laws made by the European Union that protect against discrimination). 

The Equality Act protects against discrimination because of:
The Act says that all of these groups must be treated equally at work, when applying for jobs, and in private and public services.

People with disabilities have special protections under the Act. The Act says that employers and service providers (like stores or schools) have to make reasonable accommodations for people with disabilities if needed. Reasonable accommodations are changes to places or ways of doing things that help people with disabilities do their jobs, go to school, and do other important things just like people without disabilities can. Accommodations do not have to be made if they are not reasonable (if they would be very expensive or difficult to make).

Most of the Equality Act does not apply to Northern Ireland.

Clara Zetkin

Clara Josephine Zetkin (born "Clara Josephine Eissner"; 5 July 1857 - 20 June 1933) was a German Marxist theorist and advocate for women's rights.

Clara Zetkin was born in Wiederau. She trained as a teacher at Leipzig Teachers College for Women. During her studies, she became involved with the women's and labour movements. In 1878 she joined the Socialist Workers' Party of Germany. In 1910, she proposed the celebration of International Women's Day, which is celebrated today every 8 March.

Zetkin was a member of the Spartacus League, with Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg. She was a member of the Reichstag from 1920 to 1933 for the Communist Party of Germany (KPD).

Zetkin died near Moscow.

Dave Gettleman

David Alan Gettleman (born February 21, 1951) is the general manager of the Carolina Panthers. Before he became the general manager of the Carolina Panthers, he was a scout and intern with several other teams in the National Football League.

Windows NT 3.5x

Windows NT 3.5x (Windows 3.5x) can refer to either an individual or following versions of Microsoft Windows:

No Frills

No Frills (styled as nofrills) is a Canadian supermarket chain. The chain was created in East York, Toronto, Ontario on July 5, 1978. The chain is owned by Loblaw Companies Limited which is a subsidiary of George Weston Limited. The chain currently has 26 stores throughout Alberta, British Columbia and Saskatchewan. They also have seven outlets in Atlantic Canada.

33 locations:

14 locations:

2 locations:
3 locations:
5 locations:
168 locations:

1 location:

2 locations:


Legends of Chima

Legends of Chima is an Canadian computer-animated television series based on the Legends of Chima LEGO sets. It is shown on Cartoon Network. It is about a young lion warrior named Laval who is part of the Lion Tribe. He teams up with other good tribes to go on epic quests and defeat evil tribes. The show has 3 seasons, with a total of 41 episodes.


M. V. Devan

Madathil Vasudevan, popularly known as M. V. Devan (January 15, 1928 – April 29, 2014) was an Indian painter, sculptor, writer, art critic and orator. He was made the Chairman of Kerala Lalithakala Akadem, an art institute, from 1974 to 1977. He was born in Panniyannur village in Thalassery in northern Kerala.

During this time, he created an organization called "Perunthachan", which helped with the housing sector. Throughout his life, Devan tried to protect many paintings in India and parts of the world. 

Devan died of an illness on 29 April 2014 at his home in Aluva, Kerala, aged 86.

Reuven Feuerstein

Reuven Feuerstein (; August 21, 1921 – April 29, 2014) was an Israeli clinical, developmental, and cognitive psychologist. He is known for his theory of intelligence which states “"it is not ‘fixed’, but rather modifiable"”. He was born in Botoşani, Romania.

Feuerstein died in Israel from unknown causes, aged 92.

Eduard Khil

Eduard Anatolyevich Khil (often known as Edward Hill) (4 September 1934 – 4 June 2012) was a Russian baritone singer. He is a recipient of the People's Artist Award of the Russian SFSR. He was born in Smolensk, Western Oblast, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Khil became known to the international audience in 2010 when a 1976 recording of him singing a version of the song "I Am Glad, 'Cause I'm Finally Returning Back Home". It became an Internet meme, often referred to as "Trololo" or the "Russian Rickroll". The song is now commonly associated with Internet trolling.

Khil died in the hospital in St. Petersburg, Russia on 4 June 2012, from complications from a stroke, aged 77.

Edgars Vinters

Edgars Vinters (September 22, 1919 – April 29, 2014) was a Latvian painter. He was born in Riga, Latvia. Vinters worked for magazine companies, but is mostly known for his landscape paintings. He began his career in 1935.

Vinters died in Riga from an illness, aged 94.

Juan Formell

Juan Clímaco Formell Fortuna (2 August 1942 – 1 May 2014) was a Cuban musician, bassist, composer, and arranger. He was best known as the director of Los Van Van Orchestra. He began a career in the music industry in 1957. He was a Grammy Award in the Latin/Best Salsa Performance category for his work on the album "Van Van is Here (Llegó Van Van)" in 1999. He was born in Havana.

Formell died on 1 May 2014 in Havana, aged 71.


Juan de Dios Castillo

Juan de Dios Castillo González (31 January 1951 – 1 May 2014) was a Mexican association football player and coach. He coached Honduran club C.D. Motagua before his death. He also became the head coach of El Salvador national football team in July 2012. He was born in Mexico City.

Castillo died from skin cancer on 1 May 2014 in Monterrey, Nuevo León. He was 63.


Blue Seduction

Blue Seduction is a 2009 Canadian thriller movie. It was directed by Timothy Bond and written by Jacqueline Giroux.

A middle aged lyricist get caught in a seduction game. This is by an attractive young female singer who wants her "fifteen minutes of fame".


Finsbury Park, London

Finsbury Park is an inner-city area of north London. Its postcode is N4. It is on the borders of the London Boroughs of Hackney, Haringey and Islington.

Basketball at the 1988 Summer Olympics

Basketball in the 1988 Summer Olympics took place at the Jamsil Gymnasium in Seoul, South Korea. The United States won the gold medal in the women's competition. This repeated their performance from the 1984 tournament. In the men's tournament, the Soviet Union took home their second gold medal in the team's history for this event. Yugoslavia won the silver medal. The USA won the bronze medal. This was the last Olympic basketball tournament where NBA players were not allowed to participate. Professionals from other leagues were allowed to compete. But players from other leagues were still considered amateurs. These were also the last Olympic basketball tournaments where the Soviets fielded a team. This was because the Soviet Union broke up prior to the 1992 Games. The United States was a major favorite to win.

Proto-Sinaitic script

Proto-Sinaitic is a Middle Bronze Age script. It is known only from a few inscriptions at Serabit el-Khadim in the Sinai Peninsula. 

Because there are so few Proto-Sinaitic signs, little is known with certainty about the nature of the script. The script co-existed with Egyptian hieroglyphs, so it is likely that it represented true writing, but this is not certain. From the shape of the signs, Proto-Sinaitic may be an alphabet, and the ancestor of the Phoenician alphabet, from which nearly all modern alphabets descend.

There have been two major discoveries of inscriptions of the Proto-Sinaitic script. The first was in the winter of 1904–1905 in Sinai by Hilda and Flinders Petrie, dated to circa 1700–1400 BC. The second find was more recently in 1999 in Middle Egypt by John and Deborah Darnell. This is dated to the 18th century BC.

Blood Lad

Blood Lad is a manga series created by Yuuki Kodama. It is about a vampire who falls in love with a human girl.

One day a high school girl wanders into the monster world and lands in the territory of a vampire. The vampire falls in love with her. But she is eaten by a carnivorous plant and turned into a ghost. The story is about him finding a way to make her human again.

37 BC

Year 37 BC was either a common year starting on Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday or a leap year starting on Monday or Tuesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Publicola and Nerva.



38 BC

Year 38 BC was either a common year starting on Sunday or Monday or a leap year starting on Saturday, Sunday or Monday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Pulcher and Flaccus.

38 BC was year 1 of the Spanish era calendar that was used in Hispania until the 15th century.




39 BC

Year 39 BC was either a common year starting on Friday, Saturday or Sunday or a leap year starting on Saturday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Censorinus and Sabinus.




40 BC

Year 40 BC was either a common year starting on Thursday, Friday or Saturday or a leap year starting on Thursday or Friday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Calvinus and Pollio.




Mike Baird (politician)

Michael Bruce "Mike" Baird MP (born 1 April 1968), an Australian politician. He was the 44th Premier of New South Wales from 2014 to 2019. He was also the Minister for Infrastructure, the Minister for Western Sydney. He has represented the New South Wales Legislative Assembly seat of Manly for the Liberal Party of Australia since 2007. Before he became Premier, he was the Treasurer of New South Wales in the O'Farrell government.

Baird's father, Bruce Baird, was member of the New South Wales Parliament representing Northcott, and a Member of the Australian House of Representatives, representing Cook, for the Liberal Party.

Baird attended The King's School, Parramatta. He studied for a Bachelor of Arts (Economics) from the University of Sydney. Baird joined the National Australia Bank (NAB) under a graduate program working as an investment banker. He later joined Deutsche Bank as a senior manager.

Baird is a Christian. He studied at Regent College, in Canada, so he could become a minister in the Anglican Church, but while there decided to enter politics. In 1999, he unsuccessfully tried to be chosen as the Liberal Party candidate for the seat of Manly. He then went back to NAB, working for a time in London, before returning to Sydney to work for HSBC Australia.

Baird was elected to the New South Wales Parliament in 2007. He was given a number of junior shadow ministries and in 2008 he was made Shadow Treasurer. Following the election of the O'Farrell government in 2011, Baird was made Treasurer,

Baird has opposed dangerous drinking, embryonic stem research, euthanasia, and same-sex marriage.

After Barry O'Farrell's resignation, on 17 April 2014 Baird was elected parliamentary leader of the NSW Liberal Party, and then sworn in on 23 April as the 44th Premier of New South Wales.


Mohammad-Reza Lotfi

Mohammad-Rezā Lotfi () (January 7, 1947 – May 2, 2014) was a Persian classical musician. He was born in Gorgan, Golestan, Iran.

He served as the director of the Center for the Preservation and Propagation of Traditional Persian Music and the "Chavosh" Center.

In 1984 Lotfi was invited by Fondazione Cini to perform in a ceremony and perform concerts in Italy. He lived in the United States from 1986 until his death. He performed widely throughout Asia, Europe, and North America.

Lotfi died on May 2, 2014, due to complications from cancer in Tehran, Iran, aged 67.

Nigel Stepney

Nigel Stepney (14 November 1958 – 2 May 2014) was a British Formula One mechanic. He was the team manager and chief mechanic of JRM Racing, in the FIA World Endurance Championship. 

He started in Formula One as a mechanic at Shadow in 1977, then followed Elio de Angelis to Team Lotus before moving to Benetton for the late 1980s and early 90s. He worked with Scuderia Ferrari with Michael Schumacher, Rory Byrne and Ross Brawn.

He was killed in a road traffic incident on the M20 motorway in Ashford, Kent on 2 May 2014, aged 55.

Roger Kolo

Kolo Christopher Laurent Roger, commonly known as Roger Kolo (born 3 September 1943) is a Malagasy politician and diplomat. He was the Prime Minister of Madagascar from 2014 to 2015. He was elected in 2014.

Jung Hong-won

Jung Hong-won (; born October 9, 1944 ) is a South Korean politician. He was the Prime Minister of the Republic of Korea from 26 February 2013 to 2015. He announced his resignation on 27 April 2014.

Vernon Scannell

Vernon Scannell (23 January 1922 – 16 November 2007) was a British poet and author. He was at one time a professional boxer, and wrote novels about the sport. He published 53 poems during his career which began in 1961. He was born in Spilsby, Lincolnshire.

Scannell died in Otley, West Yorkshire, England from a long-illness, aged 85.

Youcef Yousfi

Youcef Yousfi () (born 2 October 1941) is an Algerian politician. He has been Minister of Energy and Mines since 2010. He briefly served as Acting Prime Minister of Algeria in March–April 2014. Yousfi was Algeria's Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 2006 to 2008.

George J. Mitchell

George John Mitchell Jr. (born August 20, 1933) is an American lawyer, businessman and politician. He is a Democrat. Mitchell served as a United States Senator from Maine from 1980 to 1995 and as Senate Majority Leader from 1989 to 1995.

Mitchell was born in Waterville, Maine. His father, George John Mitchell, Sr. (born Joseph Kilroy), was of ethnic Irish descent but was adopted by a Lebanese family when he was orphaned.

In 1980, he was elected to the United States Senate. He became Senate Majority Leader in 1989. He briefly was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Maine from 1979 to 1980.

Since retiring from the Senate in 1995, he had a key role in peace talks in Northern Ireland and the Middle East. He appointed United States Special Envoy for Northern Ireland (1995–2001) by President Clinton and as United States Special Envoy for Middle East Peace (2009–2011) by President Barack Obama.

He was a primary architect of the 1996 Mitchell Principles and the 1998 Good Friday Agreement in Northern Ireland, and was the main investigator in two "Mitchell Reports", one on the Arab–Israeli conflict (2001) and one on the use of performance-enhancing drugs in baseball (2007).

Mitchell was chairman of The Walt Disney Company from March 2004 until January 2007, and later as chairman of the international law firm DLA Piper. He was the Chancellor of Queen's University in Belfast, Northern Ireland, from 1999 to 2009.

Mitchell also was a co-chair of the Housing Commission at the Bipartisan Policy Center.

In 2015, unsealed court documents showed Mitchell's possible involvement with the Jeffrey Epstein child trafficking ring.

Mitchell was diagnosed with a "small, low grade, and localized" prostate cancer in 2007.

In August 2020, he was diagnosed with leukemia.


John C. Stennis

John Cornelius Stennis (August 3, 1901 – April 23, 1995) was an American politician. He was the United States senator of Mississippi. He served as senator from 1947 to 1989. He was a member of the Democratic Party. The USS John C. Stennis (CVN-74) is named after him. He served in the senate for 47 years. Stennis was born in Kemper County, Mississippi. Stennis was President pro tempore of the United States Senate from 1987 until 1989.

Cranston died at his hospital in Jackson, Mississippi from problems caused by pneumonia on April 23, 1995, aged 93.

Berenstain Bears

The Berenstain Bears are a group of fictional bears from movies and books. They were created by Stan and Jan Berenstain. The bears learn safety and morality lessons in every story. Issues in the stories include childhood obesity, bullying and online safety.

The "Berenstain Bears" have been popular for many years. The stories have been criticized for being too sentimental and too predictable.

Carl Hayden

Carl Trumbull Hayden (October 2, 1877 – January 25, 1972) was an American politician. He the first United States Senator to serve seven terms. Hayden was also the President pro tempore of the United States Senate, serving from 1957 to 1969.

He represented Arizona. Hayden is a member of the Democratic Party. Hayden was born in Hayden's Ferry, Arizona.

Hayden died in Mesa, Arizona from an illness, aged 94.

Devil's Due

Devil's Due is an American horror-thriller movie. It is about a young couple who go through many major issues, including a strange, unexpected pregnancy.

This movie was released on January 17, 2014. Its reception was very negative.

Mary Jo Catlett

Mary Jo Catlett (born September 1938) is an American movie, stage, voice, and television actress. She is known for her role as housekeeper Pearl Gallagher on the television sitcom series "Diff'rent Strokes" and for being the voice of Mrs. Puff in the cartoon series "SpongeBob SquarePants".


41 BC

Year 41 BC was either a common year starting on Wednesday or Thursday or a leap year starting on Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Antonius and Vatia.




42 BC

Year 42 BC was either a common year starting on Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday or a leap year starting on Tuesday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Lepidus and Plancus.




Mel Clark

Melvin Earl "Mel" Clark (July 7, 1926 – May 1, 2014) was an American Major League Baseball outfielder. He went to Ohio University and was signed by the Philadelphia Phillies in 1947. He played with the Phillies from 1951 to 1955 and with the Detroit Tigers in 1957. He was born in Letart, West Virginia.

Clark died on May 1, 2014 in West Columbia, West Virginia, aged 87.

Jane Gray

Jane "Jean" Gray (née Cant; 1 December 1901 – 7 June 2014) was a Scottish-Australian supercentenarian. She was, at , the oldest living person in Australia between August 2012 and June 2014.

She was born in Newtyle, Angus, Scotland. She met her future husband Jock Gray on a blind date in 1922 and married him in 1927. Having arrived in Sydney, they ran a poultry farm. The couple were married for 60 years before Jock died. They had two children, nine grandchildren, 14 great-grandchildren and two great-great-grandchildren. Her daughter began taking care of her at their home in Smithfield, New South Wales in 2004. Her secret to longevity was to "eat plenty and don't drink booze or smoke". As of December 2013, she lived in a nursing home.

Gray died from natural causes on 7 June 2014 at a Smithfield nursing home. She was 112.

Modesto, California

Modesto (Spanish for "modest") is the county seat and largest city in Stanislaus County, California, United States. As of 2020, 218,464 people lived in Modesto.

Modesto is in the Central Valley. It is on the Tuolumne River and near the Stanislaus River.

The nation's largest winery, E & J Gallo Winery, is in Modesto.

Modesto is the 18th largest city in California, and the 103rd largest city in the United States.

Modesto has been honored as a Tree City USA many times. However, Modesto was named one of the most polluted cities in the U.S. in 2010.


Extreme Rules (2014)

Extreme Rules (2014) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by WWE. It was held on May 4, 2014 at the Izod Center in East Rutherford, New Jersey. It was the sixth Extreme Rules event held by the WWE.

Spilsby

Spilsby is a small market town in East Lindsey, Lincolnshire, East Midlands, England. About 3,000 people live in the town. Its postcode is PE23.

East Lindsey

East Lindsey is a borough in Lincolnshire. About 140,000 people live in the borough. Its headquarters are in Manby. The borough's largest settlement is Skegness.

Power Rangers Zeo

Power Rangers Zeo is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 1996. It is based on the Super Sentai series "Chouriki Sentai Ohranger". It is the sequel to "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" and "Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers". A sequel to called "Power Rangers Turbo" started in 1997.






Power Rangers Turbo

Power Rangers Turbo is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 1997. It his Produced By French Animation Studio Ellipsanime and Canadian Studio Nelvana Limited It is based on the Super Sentai series "Gekisou Sentai Carranger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Zeo". A sequel to called "Power Rangers In Space". started in 1998. This season the Rangers have powers based on cars. One new Ranger, Justin, joins the team, replacing Rocky. Justin is the first Ranger to be a child. Halfway through the season, the four other Rangers all leave, and four new Rangers join the team. Many other characters also leave during this season. The turbo rangers were first featured in the Power Rangers movie, .

The Power Rangers fight an evil pirate called Divatox and her helpers Rygog, Elgar and Porto. The Rangers have new helpers called Dimitria, Alpha 6, Blue Senturion and the Phantom Ranger. The Rangers' friends Bulk and Skull are accidentally turned into chimps for several weeks, but their old boss Lt. Stone looks after them.







Power Rangers In Space

Power Rangers in Space is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 1998. It is based on the Super Sentai series "Denji Sentai Megaranger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Turbo". A sequel called to "Power Rangers Lost Galaxy" started in 1999.

The Turbo Rangers head for space and meet Andros. He brings them the Astro Morphers and they become the space Power Rangers. They battle the evil Astronema and her monsters.





Power Rangers Lost Galaxy

Power Rangers Lost Galaxy is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 1999. It is based on the Super Sentai series "Seijuu Sentai Gingaman". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers In Space". A sequel to called "Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue" started in 2000.

A group of youngsters set out on a space journey to Terra Venture in search of a new colony to live. Soon, empowered by mystical swords, they prepare themselves to fight evil space villains.




Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue

Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2000. It is based on the Super Sentai series "Kyuukyuu Sentai GoGoFive". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Lost Galaxy". A sequel to called "Power Rangers Time Force" started in 2001.

Demons awaken. Five teens become the Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue to fight the demons and get New Zords.




Humid subtropical climate

A humid subtropical climate is a type of climate. It has hot, humid summers and warm, mild or cool winters. In the Köppen climate classification, they are split into Cfa when there is no dry season and Cwa when there are dry winters. Unlike in a tropical climate, snow and frost can occur in a humid subtropical climate.

Examples are Atlanta, Brisbane, Buenos Aires, Durban, Milan, Shanghai, and Tokyo.

Power Rangers Time Force

Power Rangers Time Force is a Canadian TV Children's show "Power Rangers" that started in 2001. it aired from February 3 to November 17, 2001 Produced By Canada Based-Studio Nelvana Limited(Now Nelvana Enterprises) 40 episodes. It is based on the Super Sentai series "Mirai Sentai Timeranger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue". A sequel to called "Power Rangers Wild Force" started in 2002.

In the year 3000, four teens time travel to 2001 to defend the world against an evil being, a new member joins them and they become known as 'The Power Rangers Time Force'.




The Series is Produced By Nelvana, in association with TVOKids, Fox, SCN, Bell Media, TFO, Knowledge Network, and Access.

Loving Annabelle

Loving Annabelle is a 2006 American romantic drama movie. It is about a girl named Annabelle Tillman. She is sent to a Catholic boarding school after she was kicked out of two other schools. She has a lesbian relationship with one of her teachers.

This movie was released in March 2006.

American Mary

American Mary is a 2012 horror-thriller movie. This movie is about a medical student named Mary. She is also a nightclub stripper.

This movie got mixed reviews. The movie was released August 2012.

Katharine Isabelle

Katherine Isobel Murray (also Katharine Isabelle; born November 2, 1981) is a Canadian actress. She played Chloe in the movie "Cousins" (1989). She also played Lindsay Clark in the movie "Disturbing Behavior" (1998). She played Julia Baker in the movie "Countdown" (2016).

Isabelle was born in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Zodiak Kids

Banijay Kids & Family is a division of Banijay. The company does animation for children as Zodiak Media does for parents. Zodiak Media is a worldwide distributor and production company.


Katie Leclerc

Katie Lynn Leclerc (born November 6, 1986) is an American actress. She plays a coffee lover in the 2014 movie "Caffeinated". Also in 2014, she played Katie in "The Ones".

Leclerc was born in San Antonio, Texas and grew up in Lakewood, Colorado.

Neighbors (movie)

Neighbors is a 2014 American comedy movie. It is about a couple with a baby moving who have partying students move next door to them. Rose Byrne plays Kelly Radner. Seth Rogen plays Mac Radner, Zac Efron plays Teddy Sanders. The movie received positive reviews.

This movie was released in May 2014. It is followed by "".

Jane Wyatt

Jane Wyatt (August 12, 1910 – October 20, 2006) was an American actress. She played the housewife in "Father Knows Best". She also played Jane in the movie "Gentleman's Agreement".

Wyatt was born in Mahwah, New Jersey. She died from natural causes at age 96.

43 BC

Year 43 BC was either a common year starting on Sunday, Monday or Tuesday or a leap year starting on Sunday or Monday of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Pansa and Hirtius.




45 BC

Year 45 BC was either a common year starting on Thursday, Friday or Saturday or a leap year starting on Friday or Saturday and the first year of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Caesar without Colleague.




Efrem Zimbalist Sr.

Efrem Zimbalist, Sr. ( February 22, 1985) was a Russian-American violinist, composer, teacher, and conductor. He was director of the Curtis Institute of Music. He was married to Alma Gluck. He was the father of actor Efrem Zimbalist, Jr.. 

Zimbalist, Sr. died at the age of 94 from natural causes.

Poison (movie)

Poison is a 1991 science fiction-horror movie. It has three different stories. It was first shown at the Sundance Film Festival in 1991. "Poison" had a limited release in the United States.

This movie was rated NC-17 by the MPAA.

47 BC

Year 47 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. In this year Julius Caesar was Dictator of the Roman Republic.




Alma Gluck

Alma Gluck (May 11, 1884October 27, 1938) was a Romanian-American soprano. She was one of the world's most famous female singers at the peak of her career, around 1910. She was married to violinist Efrem Zimbalist, Sr.. She was the mother of actor Efrem Zimbalist, Jr.. Gluck was born in Iași, Romania.

Gluck died in New York City from liver failure, aged 54.

Solvang, California

Solvang is a city in Santa Barbara County, California. It was founded in 1884. It became a city in 1985. It had a population of 6,126 in 2020. Solvang means "sunny fields" in Danish. 

48 BC

Year 48 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Caesar and Vatia.




Doctor Octopus

Dr. Otto Gunther Octavius (better known as Doctor Octopus, or Doc Ock for short) is fictional character and an enemy of Spider-Man in Marvel Comics. The character was created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko. 

He is a genius supervillain and former atomic scientist who can control four mechanical arms grafted onto his body. He is one of Spider-Man's arch-enemies (alongside Norman Osborn/Green Goblin and Venom), as well as one of his earliest, first appearing in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #3. He was the main antagonist of the storylines "If This Be My Destiny", "Master Planner", and "Ends of the Earth". He appears as the titular protagonist of "Superior Spider-Man" and one of the main protagonists of both the "Spider-Verse" and "Spider-Geddon" storylines. 

He was voiced by Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. in the 1990s television series "Spider Man". He was also played by Alfred Molina in "Spider-Man 2" (2004) and in "" (2021). 

49 BC

Year 49 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Lentulus and Marcellus.



Spider-Man (1994 TV series)

Spider-Man is a 1994 American animated series based on the Marvel Comics hero Spider-Man. It was created by Stan Lee and produced by Marvel Entertainment and Saban Entertainment. It stars Christopher Daniel Barnes, Sarah Ballantine, Gary Imhoff, and Joseph Campanella. It ran from November 1994 to January 1998. The series was also produced by Marvel Films Animation, along with animation work by Tokyo Movie Shinsha (TMS). It is also known as "Spider-Man: The Animated Series" or Spider-Man TAS for short.

One minute he's Peter Parker the college student, and the next he's Spider-Man.


50 BC

Year 50 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Paullus and Marcellus.




Iron Man (1994 TV series)

Iron Man was a 1994 American animated series based on the Marvel Comics hero Iron Man. It was created by Stan Lee. It stars Robert Hays, James Avery, John Reilly, and Jim Cummings. It ran from September 1994 to February 1996.

77 Sunset Strip

77 Sunset Strip was an hour-long American television series about detectives. It stars Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., Roger Smith, and Edd Byrnes. It ran from October 1958 to February 1964.

51 BC

Year 51 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Marcellus and Sulpicius.




Maverick (TV series)

Maverick is an American western television series. It stars James Garner, Jack Kelly, Roger Moore, Robert Colbert, and Efrem Zimbalist, Jr.. It ran from September 1957 to April 1962.

The F.B.I. (TV series)

The F.B.I. was an American crime television series. It stars Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., Philip Abbott, William Reynolds, Stephen Brooks, and Lynn Loring. It ran from September 1965 to September 1974.

Father of the Bride (1950 movie)

Father of the Bride is a 1950 American comedy movie. It was directed by Vincente Minnelli. It stars Spencer Tracy, Elizabeth Taylor, Joan Bennett, Don Taylor, Billie Burke, and Leo G. Caroll. It was released on June 16, 1950.


Father's Little Dividend

Father's Little Dividend is a 1951 American comedy movie and the sequel to "Father of the Bride". It was directed by Vincente Minnelli, and starring Spencer Tracy, Joan Bennett, Elizabeth Taylor and Don Taylor.

Ezer Weizman

Ezer Weizman (, 15 June 1924 - 24 April 2005) was the seventh President of Israel. He was first elected in 1993 and re-elected in 1998. Before the presidency, Weizman was commander of the Israeli Air Force and Minister of Defense.

Source (game engine)

The Source engine is a video game engine created by a company called Valve Corporation. The engine made its first appearance in 2004 with a game called , and was also included in Half-Life 2. Source has been worked on since that date, and is included in many of Valve's games.

Source is meant to power first person shooter video games, but has also been used to create other types of video games as well.

Source SDK is a toolset used for Source engine. It has tools such as Hammer Editor, Model Viewer, and Face Poser.

Source Dedicated Server is used to run multiplayer game sessions. It can work on Windows and Linux.

In 2005, Valve launched a website called Valve Developer Community. It is a wiki about how to use the Source engine.
The Source SDK has been criticized for being out of date and hard to use.

The Source engine originated from the GoldSrc, which was a changed version of John D. Carmack's Quake engine. Carmack said on his blog in 2004 that there's "still bits of Quake code in Half-Life 2".

Valve worker Erik Johnson explains the origins of the GoldSrc engine on the Valve Developer Community:
The Source engine then continued to replace the GoldSrc engine, until Source was mostly used at Valve.

Richard Taylor (Confederate general)

Richard Taylor (January 27, 1826 – April 12, 1879) was an American plantation owner, politician and Confederate general in the American Civil War. He was born in 1826 in Kentucky. His father was Zachary Taylor, who was a U.S. general and later a U.S. president. Richard Taylor graduated from Yale University in 1845. When his father died in 1851, he inherited a sugar cane plantation in Louisiana.

When the Civil War started, he became colonel of the 9th Louisiana Infantry. He fought in Virginia. He became a brigadier general in October 1861. In July 1862, he became a major general. After that, he was made the commander of the District of West Louisiana. He fought against several Union armies trying to invade western Louisiana, including during the Red River Campaign in 1864.

While he was in western Louisiana, Taylor often disagreed with Edmund Kirby Smith. Smith commanded the Confederates west of the Mississippi River. Because they disagreed so often, Taylor was sent east of the Mississippi in April 1864. He commanded Confederates in Mississippi and Alabama until the end of the war in May 1865.

Taylor died on April 12, 1879 in New York City.

George Henry Thomas

George Henry Thomas (July 31, 1816 – March 28, 1870) was a general in the U.S. Army. He was one of the top Union army generals in the Western Theater of the American Civil War.

Thomas was born in Virginia in 1816. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1840. He fought in the Mexican-American War in an artillery battery. When the Civil War started, he decided to stay in the Union army instead of fighting for Virginia. He became a Brigadier General. He won a victory at the Battle of Mill Springs in Kentucky in 1861.

In 1862, he became a major general and commanded a corps in the Army of the Cumberland. He fought at the Battle of Stones River and the Battle of Chickamauga. He became commander of the Army of the Cumberland during the Chattanooga Campaign in 1863. He continued commanding the army during the Atlanta Campaign. When William T. Sherman started his March to the Sea, Thomas was left behind to defend Tennessee against John Bell Hood. Thomas defeated Hood at the Battle of Nashville in December 1864.

After the war, Thomas stayed with the U.S. army. He died in 1870 in San Francisco.

Army of the Cumberland

The Army of the Cumberland was one of the main Union field armies in the Western Theater of the American Civil War. The army started out as the Army of the Ohio in 1861. It was renamed to the Army of the Cumberland in October 1862. The army fought in several battles during the war, including the Battle of Stones River, Battle of Chickamauga, and the Battle of Nashville.

Borgomanero

Borgomanero is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont. It is about northwest of Milan, about northwest of Novara and not far from the border between Lombardy and Piedmont

Borgomanero borders the following municipalities: Bogogno, Briga Novarese, Cressa, Cureggio, Fontaneto d'Agogna, Gargallo, Gattico, Gozzano, Invorio, Maggiora, Veruno.



List of highest-grossing Telugu movies

Telugu cinema, consisting primarily of movies in the Telugu language in the Indian states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. It is popularly called as Tollywood. It is one of the largest movie production centers in India. 1992 film Gharana Mogudu, directed by K. Raghavendra Rao, is the first Telugu film to gross over 10 crore at the box office.

The following is the list of highest grossing Telugu films (including dubbed versions) based on world wide collections (gross and distributors share).

"Background color"       "indicates movies playing on in theaters around the world"

NOTE: Since Tollywood collection figures have no certain sources, figures are provided on the basis of many sources. Though figures contradicted with some reliable sources in some cases, figures which are cited in most sources are only included.

The worldwide distributor share figures are given here after adding dubbed versions of Tollywood movies. The distributor shares are net gross [worldwide gross (total tickets sold x ticket rate)-GST] minus theater rentals. The theater rentals vary. Multiplexes give 50% in week one, 42.5% in week two, 37.5% in week three and 30% thereafter to the distributor.

The USA gross figures of Top-20 tollywood movies are given here.

A Million Ways to Die in the West

A Million Ways to Die in the West is a 2014 American western-comedy movie, starring Seth MacFarlane, Charlize Theron, Amanda Seyfried, Neil Patrick Harris, Giovanni Ribisi, Sarah Silverman and Liam Neeson.

After losing his girlfriend who is in love with the mustache owner, a sheep herder befriends the wife of an infamous bounty hunter in 1882 Arizona.

The Grand Budapest Hotel

The Grand Budapest Hotel is a 2014 German-American comedy movie directed by Wes Anderson. It is about a caretaker who teams up with one of his employees to prove that he is innocent of murder. Ralph Fiennes plays the caretaker. Tilda Swinton plays Céline. Léa Seydoux plays plays Clotilde. Harvey Keitel plays Ludwig.

This movie has an R rating from the Motion Picture Association of America. The reviews of the movie were very positive.

Second inauguration of Lyndon B. Johnson

The second inauguration of Lyndon B. Johnson as the 36th president of the United States was held on January 20, 1965.

The inauguration was the start of the second term (and first full four-year term) of Lyndon B. Johnson as president and the only term of Hubert Humphrey as Vice President. Chief Justice Earl Warren gave the oath of office. Lady Bird Johnson started the tradition of First Ladies taking part in the event by holding the President's Bible.

About 1.2 million people attended the inauguration. At the time, that was the most people at any event held at the National Mall. This was the last time an inauguration was covered by newsreels.


Žarko Petan

Žarko Petan (27 March 1929 – 2 May 2014) was a Slovenian writer, essayist, screenwriter, and theatre and movie director. He is known as a writer of aphorisms. His career began in 1950. He wrote over 100 essays and novels. Between 1992 and 1994, he served as Director General of the Slovenian National Radio and Television Broadcast. Petan was born in Ljubljana, Slovenia.

Petan died on 2 May 2014 at the age of 85.

 

Yuengling

D. G. Yuengling & Son is the oldest operating brewing company in the United States. It was started in 1829. It is one of the largest breweries by volume in the country. Based on sales in 2011, Yuengling was tied with the Boston Beer Company, maker of Samuel Adams brands, as the largest producer of beer in the United States. Yuengling's headquarters are in Pottsville, Pennsylvania. Yuengling produces about 2.5 million barrels of beer a year. They operate two breweries in Pennsylvania and one in Tampa, Florida.

Yuengling is pronounced /ˈjʏŋlɪŋ/ , and is an Anglicized version of "Jüngling", its founder's surname and the German term for "young man".

Jim Oberstar

James Louis "Jim" Oberstar (September 10, 1934 – May 3, 2014) was an American politician. He served in the United States House of Representatives from 1975 to 2011. He represented Minnesota's 8th district. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Oberstar was born in Chisholm, Minnesota.

Oberstar lived with his wife, Jean, in Potomac, Maryland, a suburb of Washington, D.C.. He also lived in his boyhood home in Chisholm, Minnesota. He died in his sleep at his home in Potomac on May 3, 2014, aged 79.

Canton of Grevenmacher

Grevenmacher () is a canton in Luxembourg. Its capital is Grevenmacher.

With an area of , and a population (2017) of 29,525, the Grevenmacher canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

It is bordered on the north by the Echternach canton, on the east by the German district of Trier-Saarburg (part of the "Land" of Rhineland-Palatinate), on the south by the Remich canton, and on the west by the Luxembourg district.

The Grevenmacher canton consists of the following 8 communes (2017 population).


Samuel Adams (beer)

Samuel Adams is an American brand of beer. It is brewed by the Boston Beer Company () and its associated contract brewers. The company was founded in 1984 by Jim Koch, Harry M. Rubin, and Lorenzo Lamadrid in Boston, Massachusetts. The brand name of Samuel Adams (often abbreviated to Sam Adams, even in advertisements), was chosen in honor of Samuel Adams, an American patriot. Samuel Adams was famous for his role in the American Revolution and the Boston Tea Party. According to tradition, he was also a maltster. However, James Koch, founder of the Boston Beer Company, reports having seen a receipt for hops signed by Samuel Adams. This seems to indicate the patriot Adams may have done some brewing. Based on sales in 2011, the Boston Beer Company is tied with Yuengling for the largest American-owned beer-maker.

Eastern Theater of the American Civil War

The Eastern Theater of the American Civil War included the U.S. states of Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, the District of Columbia and the coastal seaports and fortifications of North Carolina. There were many battles fought in this area, especially in northern and eastern Virginia. Several battles were fought between the Union Army of the Potomac and Confederate Army of Northern Virginia. There was so much fighting in Virginia because the Confederate capital was at Richmond, Virginia.

The Eastern Theatre was the scene of several key battles. These included the First Battle of Bull Run, the bloody Battle of Antietam and the greatest battle, the Battle of Gettysburg. Only 100 miles separated the two capital cities, Washington, D.C. the Union capital and the Confederate capital at Richmond, Virginia. Between the two lay the Shenandoah Valley, a natural corridor that could hide entire armies. 

After the fall of Fort Sumter in April 1861, both sides scrambled to create armies. President Abraham Lincoln issued a call for 75,000 volunteers to suppress the rebellion. This immediately caused the secession of four additional states, including Virginia. The United States Army had only around 16,000 men, with more than half spread out in the West. The army was commanded by the elderly Lt. Gen. Winfield Scott, veteran of the War of 1812 and the Mexican-American War. On the Confederate side, only a handful of federal officers and men resigned and joined the Confederacy. The formation of the Confederate States Army was a matter initially undertaken by the individual states.


Elena Baltacha

Elena Sergeevna Baltacha (14 August 1983 – 4 May 2014) was a British professional tennis player.

Baltacha was born in Kiev, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union to Olga and Sergei Pavlovich Baltacha. Her brother is Sergei Baltacha, Jr. She moved to the United Kingdom in 1989.

She was British No. 1 intermittently from 2002 to 2012. However, due to her absence from competition, due to knee surgery, she dropped down the world rankings and at the time of her retirement, on 18 November 2013, she was ranked as the world No. 221 and British No. 6. She was a four-time winner of the Aegon Award.

Baltacha was diagnosed with liver cancer in January 2014. She died of the disease three months later, aged 30.

Corona, California

Corona is a city in Riverside County, California. It has a population of 157,136 as of 2020. It is near Yorba Linda, California.

Japanese idol

An in the Japanese pop culture is a young media personality (a singer, an actor, a model, etc.). This is usually a teenager, who has a cute and innocent public image. Idols are a separate category of Japanese artists.

The term is commercialized by Japanese talent agents. The talent agencies hold auditions for cute boys and girls and make them stars. Idols are intended to be an ideal object of love of frenzied fans. There is also a view that the Japanese people see idols as sisters or girls next door.

Japanese idol singers work across genres of the Japanese pop music. This is usually whatever is most popular at the moment. Their songs do not require great singing skills, but the artist must be beautiful, sweet and nice to sing them. In their everyday life, idols must also match the songs they sing. They must have a perfect public image and be good examples to young people.

The phenomenon appeared in the early 1970s. It was thanks to the popularity of young French actress Sylvie Vartan and the movie she played in called "Cherchez l'idole" ("Look for the Idol"). The movie came out in Japan in November 1964 under the title "Aidoru o Sagase". The term "idol" started being used for girls, mostly between 14 and 16, who were just beginning their path to stardom or for very young new stars.

This is a selective list of Japanese idol music groups, divided by projects or talent agencies.


Zhané

Zhané (pronounced jah-nay) was an American R&B-soul group. The group was known for several major songs, like "Groove Thang", "Hey Mr DJ" and "Sending My Love". The group was part of Queen Latifah's Flavor Unit collective.

The group broke up during the late 1990s.


The Protopopovs

Oleg Protopopov (1932–2023) and Ludmila Belousova (1935–2017) (often called "The Protopopovs") were Russian figure skaters. They skated for the Soviet Union. They won Olympic gold medals in 1964 and 1968. They won the World Figure Skating Championships every year from 1965 to 1968.

In 1979, Protopopov and Belousova defected to Switzerland. They became Swiss citizens in 1995. They continued to skate at ice shows and skating exhibitions through their seventies.

Protopopov and Belousova met in Moscow in 1954. They trained in Leningrad.
They competed internationally for the Soviet Union. Their first coach was Igor Moskvin. Their second coach was Petr Orlov. After some disagreements, they left Orlov. They then trained without a coach at a rink in Voskresensk, Moscow Oblast. In 1961, they decided to work with Stanislav Zhuk to raise their technical difficulty.
The Protopopovs' first competition was at the 1958 World Championships. They finished in 13th place. At the 1960 Winter Olympics, they finished in 9th place. In 1962, they won the silver medal at the World Championships. They were the first pair from the Soviet Union or Russia to win a world medal in their sport. They also won silver at the 1962 European Figure Skating Championships.

The Protopopovs' won their first major international gold medal at the 1964 Winter Olympics. It was the first Olympic pairs gold for the Soviet Union. From this Olympic Games to the 2006 Winter Olympics, only Soviet/Russian skaters won gold medals in pairs skating. That was the longest streak in Olympic history.

The Protopopovs won their first World and European gold medals in 1965. They were the first Soviet/Russian pair to win those.

They won Olympic gold medals for the second time at the 1968 Winter Olympics. At 32 and 35 years old, they were some of the oldest champions in figure skating.

In 1969 they won the silver medal at the European Championships and the bronze medal at the World Championships. Those were their last major international competitions. They continued to compete within the Soviet Union until 1972. After retiring from competition, they skated in shows into their seventies.

The Protopopovs contributed to the development of pairs skating. They created three kinds of the figure skating move called "death spiral". Dick Button said, "The Protopopovs are great skaters not only because they were the finest of Olympic champions, but also because their creative impact was extraordinary."

Belousova and Protopopov married in December 1957. They are usually called "The Protopopovs", even though Belousova kept her maiden name after their marriage. They decided not to have children because they wanted to keep skating.

On 24 September 1979, Belousova and Protopopov defected to Switzerland while on tour. They applied for political asylum. They settled in Grindelwald. They became Swiss citizens in 1995. Switzerland is still their winter home. Their summer home and training center is in Lake Placid, New York. On 25 February 2003, they went back to Russia for the first time. They were invited by Vyacheslav Fetisov, the Russian Minister of Sport.

Belousova died on 29 September 2017 at the age of 81. Protopopov died on 3 November 2023 at the age of 91.

Gary Becker

Gary Stanley Becker (December 2, 1930 ~ May 3, 2014) was an American economist. He was a professor of economics and sociology at the University of Chicago and a professor at the Booth School of Business. He won the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1992 and received the United States Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2007. 

Becker was one of the first economists to study topics that were usually researched in sociology. He studied family organization in new and interesting ways. He studied racial discrimination, crime, and rational addiction. He said that many different types of human behavior that seem self-destructive or irrational can be seen as rational and utility-maximizing. He also studied altruism in human behavior. He showed that sometimes altruism was really to help oneself. He was a strong supporter of studying human capital. According to Milton Friedman, he was "the greatest social scientist who has lived and worked" in the second part of the twentieth century.

Becker was born in Pottsville, Pennsylvania. Gary Becker died in Chicago, Illinois from complications of ulcer surgery, aged 83.

Tatiana Samoilova

Tatiana Yevgenyevna Samoilova (; 4 May 1934 – 4 May 2014) was a Soviet and Russian movie actress. She starred in "The Cranes Are Flying" (1957), "The Unsent Letter" (1959) and "Anna Karenina" (1967). 

Samoilova's career began in 1955. She starred in over 50 Russian movies. She retired in 2008. Samoilova was born in Leningrad, Russia SFSR, Soviet Union.

On 3 May 2014, the eve of her 80th birthday, Samoilova was taken to hospital in Moscow. She had a serious condition with coronary heart disease and hypertension. She died, two days later on 4 May 2014.

Newington Butts

Newington Butts is a former village, now an area of south London. It is most famous as the location of the Newington Butts Theatre in the late 1500s. Some of the first performances of plays such as Hamlet, Titus Andronicus and The Taming of a Shrew happened here. It probably gets its name from an archery butts, or practice field.

Regina Belle

Regina Belle (born July 17, 1963) is an African American singer-songwriter and musician. She performed the award-winning "A Whole New World". She also did "I Can't Imagine".

Belle was born in Englewood, New Jersey.

Stacy Lattisaw

Stacy Lattisaw (born November 25, 1966) is an American R&B and gospel singer. Since the 1990s, she has performed only gospel music.

Lattisaw's major singles include "Love on a Two-Way Street" and 1989's "Where Do We Go from Here".

Lattisaw was born in Washington, D.C..

Aegis

Aegis was the shield that Athena used. It had the face of the gorgon Medusa on it.

Curing (chemistry)

In chemistry, curing is the name of a process that strengthens the links between polymers. When it is used with rubber, this process is called vulcanization.

Robert Aumann

Robert John Aumann (Hebrew name: , "Yisrael Aumann"; born June 8, 1930) is an Israeli-American mathematician and economist. He is a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences. 
He is specialized in mathematical economics and game theory. Aumann won the Nobel Prize in Economics in 2005 for his work on conflict through game-theory analysis. He shared the prize with Thomas Schelling.

Monty Alexander

Monty Alexander (born Montgomery Bernard Alexander; June 6, 1944) is a jazz pianist, who also plays the melodica. His career began in 1958. 

He was born in Kingston, Jamaica, but was raised in Miami, Florida. He was married to musician Emily Remler, but their marriage ended in divorce.

Satellite state

A satellite state is an officially independent country that is strongly influenced or controlled by another country. 
Unlike puppet states, satellite states are generally internationally recognized by most countries, as most of them were already independent countries, which later came under the influence of more powerful countries. Examples of satellite states include the Warsaw Pact countries which were called Soviet satellite states, because they were influenced by the Soviet Union. Belarus is currently a satellite state of Russia.


Lossy compression

Lossy compression is a form of data compression where parts of the data are lost in the process. When a compressed data is returned to normal some data is lost. Lossy compression is used to greatly reduce the size of a computer file when it is stored, handled, or transmitted. As an example, JPEG is a lossy compression format. GIF and PNG are lossless compression systems. Other lossy compression systems are MP3 for sound files and WMV for video. If a file were to be compressed too much, it would cause the file to be noticeably lower in quality.

Fangbone

Fangbone is a Canadian animated television series. It is produced by the Canadian company Radical Sheep Productions Inc. It is distributed by Disney XD Canada. The series is based on the New York Times best-selling comic books by Michael Rex. The first episode aired in March 2016. The last episode was in January 2017. 

The series' pilot first aired in Canada. It won numerous awards including Best One-Off Or Special from the 2015 Kidscreen Awards, Best Animated Writing from the 2015 Writer's Guild Of Canada Awards, and Best TV Show Ages 9-14 from the 2015 Youth Media Alliance Awards. It was also nominated for Best Animated Series at the 2015 Canadian Screen Awards. 

Fangbone is a nine-year-old barbarian warrior from Skullbania. He has landed in Eastwood Elementary's third grade class to save his native land from the villain, Venomous Drool. With the help of his new friend Bill, a lovable, normal, goofy kid, Fangbone beats his enemies while discovering the modern world.

A pilot for the series premiered on Disney XD Canada in 2014. Soon after, production began on a first season. This first aired in March 2016 in North America. 

Toba catastrophe

The Toba catastrophe was the largest volcanic eruption in the last 2.6 million years. It is called a catastrophe because its effects may have damaged the human species.

Lake Toba in Sumatra, Indonesia, is the site of a supervolcanic eruption that occurred 73,000 (±4000 years) years ago.
It was a climate-changing event. The eruption was two orders of magnitude (= x100) larger than the largest known historic eruption, that of Tambora, also in Indonesia.

This eruption was the last and largest of four eruptions of Toba during the Quaternary epoch. It had an estimated Volcanic Explosivity Index of 8 (described as "apocalyptic"). It made a sizable contribution to the 100x30 km caldera complex. The mass it threw out was 100 times greater than the largest volcanic eruption in recent history. That was the 1815 eruption of Mount Tambora in Indonesia, which caused the 1816 "Year Without a Summer" in the northern hemisphere.

The eruption of Toba led to a volcanic winter with a worldwide decline in temperatures between 3-5 degrees C, and up to 15 degrees C in higher latitudes.

According to the Toba catastrophe theory, it had global consequences. It killed most humans then alive. It created a population bottleneck in Central Eastern Africa and India that affected the genetic inheritance of all humans today.

According to the theory, only 10,000 (perhaps only 1,000) pairs of humans survived the disaster. Perhaps it led to the other hominids becoming extinct, though the Neanderthals certainly survived in Europe and Eurasia.

There is no direct evidence that the theory is correct. And there is no evidence for any other animal decline or extinction, even in environmentally sensitive species. There is evidence that human habitation continued in India after the eruption. The theory in its strongest form seems to be incorrect.

Laurie Strode

Laurie Strode is a fictional character in the "Halloween" movies. The first movie she was in was the 1978 movie. She is an example of the "final girl" character, the last girl alive to fight the killer in a movie.

Jamie Lee Curtis was the first actress to play Laurie Strode.

Heather Thomas

Heather Thomas (born September 8, 1957) is an American actress and writer. She is also a political activist. She co-starred as Judy Banks on "The Fall Guy".

Thomas was born in Greenwich, Connecticut.

Dick Ayers

Richard Bache "Dick" Ayers (April 28, 1924 – May 4, 2014) was an American comic book artist and cartoonist. He was best known for his work as one of Jack Kirby's inkers during the Silver Age of Comics period in the late-1950s and 1960s. He worked on some of the earliest issues of Marvel Comics' "The Fantastic Four". He was born in Ossining, New York.

Ayers died on May 4, 2014 in White Plains, New York, aged 90.


County Armagh

County Armagh is one of six counties that together make up Northern Ireland. It is also one of the 32 counties of Ireland. County Armagh lies in the north-east of the island of Ireland. The county is 1,326 km² big. About 174,792 people live there.

The county is named after the city Armagh. The name "Armagh" comes from the Irish word "Ard" meaning "high place" and "Macha". In stories, Macha is a goddess of Ireland. Armagh was the main town for the historic Ulaid kings of Ulster.

The landscape has hills in the south. Slieve Gullion is the highest mountain. It goes down from there and becomes flatter with small hills called drumlins in the middle and the west. It is fairly flat in the north, and is at sea level at Lough Neagh. There are a few small islands in the lake.

Ancient Armagh was the territory of the Ulaid people before the year 400. The Red Branch ruled the county. Their capital was a fort called Emain Macha near Armagh. The Red Branch play an important role in the stories in the Ulster Cycle. They are also part of the story the "Cattle Raid of Cooley".

Armagh was the Roman Catholic home of Saint Patrick.

South Armagh is mostly nationalist. In the late 20th century, a significant minority of its inhabitants supported the IRA.


"Baronies" are old divisions of Ireland. Below is a list of the baronies in County Armagh.


Two major highways run through County Armagh. The M1 links Belfast to Dungannon in the north of the county. The A1/N1 from Belfast to Dublin runs in the far south east. Armagh has lots of local roads connecting the towns and villages.

There used to be many railways in County Armagh, but there are only a few stations left.

Ulsterbus is the bus company that runs most public transport in the county. It includes buses from most towns to Belfast. Railway companies Northern Ireland Railways and Iarnród Éireann together run the Enterprise service. It has trains that go to Dublin (about an hour) and Belfast (about forty minutes) a few times daily. There are many more Northern Ireland Railways trains into Belfast and Bangor.

The Ulster Canal and the Newry Canal run through County Armagh. The canals are not fully open for boats to use.




Palaeothere

Palaeotheres are an extinct group of herbivorous mammals. They are related to tapirs and rhinoceros, and probably ancestral to horses. They ranged across Europe and Asia during the Eocene and Oligocene 5528 million years ago.

They were small to medium-sized. They lived in dense forests. They ate soft leaves, shoots, berries, and leaf matter picked up from the forest floor.

Genera:

Flatland

Flatland is a novella by Edwin Abbott Abbott. It is set in a fictional two-dimensional world. The books is a satire on society in the Victorian era, where shapes are given jobs and roles based on how many sides they have. It also looks at dimensions, with math, shapes, and geometry. 

Our Lady of Lourdes

Our Lady of Lourdes is a name for the Virgin Mary. She is believed to have appeared near Lourdes, France. The first appearance was on 11 February 1858. It was seen by Bernadette Soubirous, a 14 year old peasant. Seventeen more appearances were reported that year.

Helga Königsdorf

Helga Königsdorf (Helga Bunke; July 13, 1938 – May 4, 2014) was a German author and physicist. Her writings helped women's rights in Germany during the 1970s and 1980s. She worked with Christa Wolf, Brigitte Reimann and Maxie Wander. She retired in 1990. Königsdorf was born in Gera, Germany.

Königsdorf died in Berlin, Germany from Parkinson's disease, aged 75.

Division of Herbert

The Division of Herbert is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It is in northern Queensland, and is named after Sir Robert Herbert, the first Premier of Queensland (1859–1866). In 1901 the division covered an area from Mackay to the Torres Strait, but today it only covers an area around the city of Townsville, as well as some nearby islands, including Magnetic Island, Orpheus Island and Palm Island. 


Eduardo Mac Entyre

Eduardo Mac Entyre (20 February 1929 – 5 May 2014) was an Argentine artist. He was known for his geometric paintings. Mac Entyre has also created a body of more traditional Abstract, Cubist and Figurative art. 

He was honored by the Organization of American States in 1986 for his works to Modern art in Latin America and his work is widely displayed in Argentina and elsewhere. He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Entyre died in Buenos Aires, Argentina, aged 85.

Billy Frank Jr.

Billy Frank, Jr. (March 9, 1931 – May 5, 2014) was a Native American environmental leader and treaty rights activist. Frank is known for his grassroots campaign for fishing rights on the tribe’s Nisqually River in Washington. He was mostly active during the 1960s and 1970s. He helped keep natural resources in the state. He was born in Nisqually, Washington.

Frank died on May 5, 2014, aged 83.

Butler Derrick

Butler Carson Derrick, Jr. (September 30, 1936 – May 5, 2014) was an American politician. He was a U.S. Representative from South Carolina. Derrick was a representative for South Carolina's 3rd district. He served from 1975 to 1995. He was succeeded by Lindsey Graham. Derrick was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Springfield, Massachusetts.

Derrick died in Easley, South Carolina from cancer, aged 77.

Wil Albeda

Willem (Wil) Albeda (13 June 1925 - 6 May 2014) was a Dutch politician. From 1966, he was member and from 1973 chairman of the Anti-Revolutionary Party group in the Senate. He was Minister of Social Affairs in the first cabinet Van Agt. After this he returned to the Senate. He later became chairman of the Scientific Council for Government Policy.

Albeda was born in Rotterdam. He died in Maastricht, aged 88.


Otto Carius

Otto Carius (27 May 1922 – 24 January 2015) was a German former Nazi tank commander. He destroyed over 150 foreign tanks. He received the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. After the war, Carius worked as a pharmacist. He also wrote books about his experiences during the war.

Carius was born in Zweibrücken, Weimar Germany. He died from a short illness in Herschweiler-Pettersheim, Germany, aged 92.

Keith Harvey Miller

Keith Harvey Miller (March 1, 1925 – March 2, 2019) was a Republican politician from Alaska. He was the second Secretary of State of Alaska, under Governor Walter Hickel. When Hickel resigned in 1969, Miller became Governor. He was governor until December 5, 1970.

Miller died from pancreatic cancer while in hospice in Anchorage a day after his 94th birthday on March 2, 2019.

Frank Murkowski

Frank Hughes Murkowski (; born March 28, 1933) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was a United States Senator from Alaska from 1981 until 2002. He was the eighth Governor of Alaska, from 2002 until 2006. His daughter is U.S. Senator Lisa Murkowski.

Bill Sheffield

William Jennings Sheffield, Jr. (born June 26, 1928) is an American Democratic politician. He was the fifth Governor of Alaska from 1982 to 1986. Sheffield's term as governor was marked by controversy including attempts to have him impeached. He was born in Spokane, Washington.

Al Quie

Albert Harold "Al" Quie (September 18, 1923 – August 18, 2023) was an American politician. He was the 35th Governor of Minnesota, from January 4, 1979 to January 3, 1983. Quie was born in Dennison, Minnesota. From 1958 until 1979, he was a member of the United States House of Representatives.

Quie died on August 18, 2023, at his home in Wayzata, Minnesota, one month before his 100th birthday.

Dennison, Minnesota

Dennison is a city in Goodhue County and Rice County, Minnesota. It has a population of 223 residents in 2020. Most of it is in Goodhue. 

Wendell R. Anderson

Wendell Richard Anderson (February 1, 1933 – July 17, 2016) was an American politician. He was the 33rd Governor of Minnesota from January 4, 1971 to December 29, 1976. In late 1976, he resigned to be named U.S. Senator. He replaced Senator Walter Mondale, who had been elected Vice President of the United States. Anderson was in the U.S. Senate from December 30, 1976 until December 29, 1978.

Anderson died on July 17, 2016 from pneumonia in St. Paul, Minnesota, aged 83.

Arne Carlson

Arne Helge Carlson, Sr. (born September 24, 1934) is an American politician. He was the 37th Governor of Minnesota, from 1991 to 1999. He was a member of the Republican Party. Carlson was born in New York City, New York.

Winfield Dunn

Bryant Winfield Culberson Dunn (born July 1, 1927) is an American politician, dentist, and medical industry official. He was Governor of Tennessee from 1971 to 1975. He was the state's first Republican governor in fifty years, and was the sixth one since the Civil War.

Dunn ran for a second term in 1986. He lost to Ned McWherter. He remained active in the Republican Party and the medical field after his term as governor.

Dunn was born in Meridian, Mississippi.

Make-A-Wish Foundation

The Make-A-Wish Foundation is a non-profit organization. The organization helps children that have life-threatening medical conditions by arranging experiences known as "wishes". The age limit is between 2 and a half and 18 at the time of referral. The person that decides if the child is eligible is the child's physician. The organization is based in Phoenix, Arizona. David A. Williams is the president and CEO of Make-A-Wish America. The person that holds the title of most wishes granted is professional wrestler John Cena who has grants over 450 wishes.


Gotham (TV series)

Gotham is an American television series created by Bruno Heller. It is based on the characters of DC Comics. It is set in Gotham City, but was filmed in New York City and parts of Chicago and Detroit.

The show takes place when then-rookie detective police officer James Gordon is trying to find out why Bruce Wayne's parents were murdered. It stars Ben McKenzie, David Mazouz, Jada Pinkett Smith, and Sean Pertwee. It was aired by Fox. The first episode aired in fall 2014, and the last episode aired in the spring of 2017.

Benjamin McKenzie

Benjamin McKenzie Schenkkan (born September 12, 1978) is an American comedian, actor and producer. He is also known as Benjamin McKenzie and Ben McKenzie, and was born in Austin, Texas. He plays Ryan Atwood in the television series "The O.C." and Ben Sherman in "Southland". He has also appeared on the television show, Gotham.

Michael Elgin

Aaron Michael Frobel is a Canadian professional wrestler. He is better known by his ring name Michael Elgin. He regularly works for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG) and is best known for his time with Ring of Honor (ROH). Elgin was the winner of the 2011 Survival of the Fittest tournament. On July 4, 2013, Elgin married fellow professional wrestler Rachel Collins.



Hyaenodontidae

The Hyaenodontidae ("Hyaena teeth") is a family of the extinct order Creodonta, which contains several dozen genera.

The Hyaenodonts were important mammalian predators that arose during the late Paleocene and persisted well into the Miocene. They were more widespread and successful than their sister family, the oxyaenids.

They had long skulls, slender jaws, slim bodies, and a tendency to walk on their toes rather than flat-footed (plantigrade). They ranged in size from 30 to 140 cm at the shoulder. "Hyaenodon gigas", the larger species, was as much as 1.4 m high at the shoulder, 10 feet long and weighed about 500 kg, but most were in the 5–15 kg range, equivalent to a mid-sized dog. Fossil evidence of their skulls shows that they had a particularly acute sense of smell, while their teeth were adapted for slicing, rather than crushing.

Hyaenodonts were mainly meat-eaters. They did not crack main bones because they lacked
crushing teeth. This contrasts with modern hyaenas, which can crush bones of larger prey. This gives then a good source of calcium, and access to the highly nutritious bone marrow. Modern bears and dogs also have bone-crushing capability, though not to the same extent as hyaenas. Hyaenodonts thus thus lacked dental versatility for processing any foods other than meat.

The carnassials in a hyaenodontid are generally the second upper and third lower molars. However, some hyaenodontids had as many as three pairs of carnassials or carnassial-like molar teeth in their jaws.

Because of their size range, it is probable that different species hunted in different ways and allowed them to fill many different predatory niches. Smaller ones would hunt in packs during the night like wolves, and bigger, fiercer ones would hunt alone during the daylight, using their sheer size and their mighty jaws as their principal weapon.

Methanogen

Methanogens are microorganisms that make methane as a metabolic byproduct in anoxic conditions. The organisms are archaea, a different domain from bacteria. They are common in wetlands, where they make marsh gas. 

Methanogens are also common in the digestive tracts of animals such as ruminants and humans. Methane is often belched out. 

In marine sediments methane is produced when sulfates are low. This happens below the top layers. Methanogenic archaea populations play an important role in anaerobic wastewater treatments. Some methanogens are extremophiles, found in environments such as hot springs and submarine hydrothermal vents as well as in the "solid" rock of the Earth's crust, kilometers below the surface. 

Methanogens convert acetic acid to methane in a fermentation process. Do not confuse them with methanotrophs, which use up methane for their carbon and energy requirements. Methanogens were discovered in 1776 and were formed 3.6 billion years ago.

Selfie

A selfie is a self-portrait photograph. It is typically taken with a hand-held digital camera or camera phone.

One of the first self-portraits was taken in 1839 by Robert Cornelius, an American photographer. The term "selfie" was first used by photographer Jim Krause in 2005.

A black crested macaque ("Macaca nigra") stole a camera, and took a photo of herself. The selfie seemed to set a legal precedent when the Wikimedia Foundation rejected a copyright claim. The ground was that a non-human could not own a copyright, and the camera owner had not taken the photo, and so also could not own the copyright. And so, the photo was not under copyright.

La Crosse, Wisconsin

La Crosse is a city in the southwestern part of Wisconsin. The University of Wisconsin-La Crosse is there. A 2012 Census estimate had 51,647 people living there.

It is across from Winona, Minnesota. The city was incorporated in 1856.

Concrete pump

A concrete pump is a machine to move liquid concrete by using a pump. The pump uses piston pumps to move the concrete.

Types of concrete pumps:

Chamba State

Chamba State was one of the oldest Princely states in present-day Republic of India. It was founded during the late 6th century. It is in the Himalaya mountains.

Wild Bill Hickok

James Butler Hickok (May 27, 1837 – August 2, 1876) was a figure in the American Old West. He was also known as "Wild Bill" Hickok. He was a gunfighter, gambler, and lawman.

Hickok was born and raised on a farm in Homer, Illinois (now Troy Grove, Illinois). He went west at age 18 as a fugitive from justice. He worked first as a stagecoach driver, then as a lawman in the frontier territories of Kansas and Nebraska.

He fought (and spied) for the Union Army during the American Civil War. After the war, he gained fame as a scout, marksman, actor, and professional gambler. Calamity Jane claimed in her autobiography that she was married to Hickok and divorced him.

Hickok was involved in several notable shootouts. He was shot from behind and killed while playing poker in a saloon in Deadwood, Dakota Territory. The card hand he held at the time of his death is known today as poker's "Dead Man's Hand". In 1979, Hickok was inducted into the Poker Hall of Fame.

 

Nick Cvjetkovich

Nicholas "Nick" Cvjetkovich (born August 29, 1973) is a Canadian professional wrestler, television actor, comic book artist and tattoo artist. Cvjetkovich is best known for his short time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) where he wrestled on their "SmackDown" brand under the ring name Kizarny. Cvjetkovich has also worked for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) under the ring name Sinn. He currently competes on the independent circuit.

He is childhood friend with Edge and Christian. He is also a close friend and protégé of Jake "The Snake" Roberts. Cvjetkovich married former professional wrestling valet Stacy Carter on August 2, 2010. The later divorced on March 12, 2013.




Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin

Menomonee Falls is a village in southeastern Wisconsin. It is near Milwaukee. About 35,626 people lived there as of the 2010 census.

This village was incorporated in 1892.

Menomonie, Wisconsin

Menomonie is a city in northwest Wisconsin. It is near Eau Claire. At the 2010 census, 16,264 people lived there.

The city is in Dunn County.

Tom's Rhinoplasty

"Tom's Rhinoplasty" is the eleventh episode of the first season of "South Park". It was first shown on Comedy Central in the United States on February 11, 1998. The episode was the series' first Valentine's Day episode. It was written by the show's co-creator Trey Parker.

Trey Parker and Matt Stone said that they were originally not happy with the final product and they thought that fans of the show would hate. They were surprised that fans responded positively to it.

When Valentine's Day approaches, Wendy suggests to her boyfriend Stan ways to try and spend time together. After their schoolteacher Mr. Garrison decides to get a rhinoplasty, he introduces their new substitute teacher, Ms. Ellen (voiced by Natasha Henstridge). The boys in class fall in love with her, including Stan, especially when she talks to him. This makes Wendy become incredibly jealous and she warns Ms. Ellen to stay away from Stan, oblivious to the fact that Ms. Ellen does not return Stan's affection. 

When Ms. Ellen becomes worried about the student's education, she says that the winner of a spelling test will be bought a dinner. The boys attempt to date Ms. Ellen but Chef tells them that she is a lesbian and that she only likes other lesbians. They don't know what this means and they try to become lesbians themselves to try and attract Ms. Ellen. They try wearing Birkenstocks, listening to an Indigo Girls album and "licking carpet" (they mistake this for literally licking the carpet floor).

Meanwhile Mr. Garrison's gets a nose job that makes him one of the most attractive men in South Park with his face resembling David Hasselhoff. He decides to quit teaching and try to pursue women. Stan is able to win the spelling test and the dinner but he finds out that Ms. Ellen has no attraction or intention of making love with him. The next day, while Ms. Ellen is teaching the class, several Iraqi men burst through the door and say that she is actually an Iraqi fugitive. She resist her arrest but accidentally kills Kenny by impaling him in the face with a sword. They take her into custody and shoot her into the sun with a rocket. 

Mr. Garrison later becomes a model with great success, but he finds himself being chased throughout the streets by a large group of women and doesn't want the attention. He returns to Tom's Rhinoplasty and regains his original look. Wendy speaks fluent Arabic to a group of Iraqi men and pays them with with a wad of American money. She then watches happily in the sky as the rocket gets blown up in the sun. Kyle realizes that Wendy hired the Iraqi men to murder Ms. Ellen and Wendy says "I told her: 'Don't... fuck... with... Wendy... Testaburger!'" as the episode ends.


Tritonal

Tritonal is an explosive material. It is made of 80% TNT and 20% aluminium powder. It is used in many types of explosive weapons such as air-dropped bombs. Tritonal is almost 18% more powerful than TNT alone.

Countess Athena of Monpezat

Countess Athena of Monpezat, formerly Princess Athena of Denmark (born 24 January 2012) is a member of the Danish royal family. She is the youngest child and only daughter of Prince Joachim and Princess Marie of Denmark. Athena is currently tenth in the line of succession to the Danish throne.

Titles 

24 January 2012-1 January 2023 Her Highness Princess Athena of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat 

1 January 2023 -present Her Excellency Countess Athena of Monpezat 


Princess Marie of Denmark

Princess Marie of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat, (born Marie Agathe Odile Cavallier; 6 February 1976) is a member of the Danish royal family. She is the second wife of Prince Joachim of Denmark, the younger son of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark. She has two children: Count Henrik and Countess Athena of Monpezat.

Princess Marie was born in Paris, France.

Title

24 May 2008 Her Royal Highness Princess Marie of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat 

National Honors 

-Knight of the Order of the Elephant (24 May 2008) 

Medals and Decorations 

-Dame of the Royal Family Decoration of Queen Margrethe II 

-Recipient of the Commemorative 75th Birthday Medal of His Royal Highness The Prince Consort (11 June 2009) 

-Recipient of the Commemorative 70th Birthday Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (16 April 2010) 

-Recipient of the Commemorative Ruby Jubilee of Her Majesty The Queen (14 January 2012) 

-Recipient of the Commemorative 75th Birthday Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (16 April 2015) 

-Recipient of the Golden Anniversary Medal of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik (10 June 2017) 

-Recipient of the Prince Henrik Commemorative Medal (11 June 2018) 

-Recipient of the Commemorative 80th Birthday Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (16 April 2020) 

-Recipient of the Commemorative Golden Jubilee Medal of Queen Margrethe II (14 January 2022) 

Foreign Honors 

-Belgium: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Leopold II 

-Finland: Grand Cross of the Order of the White Rose 

-France: Grand Officer of the Order of the Legion of Honor, Officer of the Order of Arts and Letters 

-Greece: Grand Cross of the Order of Beneficence 

-Iceland: Grand Cross of the Order of the Falcon 

-Mexico: Grand Cross of the Order of the Aztec Eagle 

-Netherlands: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown 

-Norway: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of St. Olav 

-Spain: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Civil Merit 


Drake Younger

Drake Wuertz (born September 10, 1984) is an American professional wrestler. He competes under the ring name Drake Younger. He is currently signed to the WWE. He is best known for his time in Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW). He has also competed for IWA Mid-South, EVOLVE, Dragon Gate USA, Chikara, and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG). Younger was known for competing in deathmatches before he retired from them.

On March 4, 2014, Younger signed a contract with the WWE.


Maeve Binchy

Maeve Binchy Snell (or just Maeve Binchy; 28 May 1939 – 30 July 2012) was an Irish novelist, playwright and short story writer. Her novels sold more than 40 million copies worldwide.

Binchy was born in Dublin, Ireland. She died there after a brief illness, aged 73.

Chelsi Smith

Chelsi Smith (August 23, 1973 – September 8, 2018) was a former Miss USA and singer. In February 1995, she was crowned Miss USA. She competed as Miss Texas. Smith was born in Redwood City, California.

Smith was the first African-American to win Miss Texas USA.

Smith died at the age of 45 on September 8, 2018 of liver cancer in 
Redwood City.

Apomorphy

An apomorphy in biology is a derived state, or innovation. For example, amongst mammals, babies can digest their mothers' milk. That is something all mammals share. It is an apomorphy unique to mammals, and so is the production of milk by mammalian mothers.

Apomorphies which are found in every species of a group of animals are the basis of taxonomy. If a group of animals all have a unique apomorphy, the most likely reason is that they descended from a common ancestor. When a group of animals share a large number of apomorphies this becomes a near-certainty. Mammals share a long list of characters which are unique to them.

Clades are identified (or defined) by synapomorphies (from syn-, "together"). These are a group of apomorphies which they all have, but other groups do not. For example, the five digits (fingers and toes) like ours is a synapomorphy within the vertebrates. The tetrapods are the first vertebrates with such digits. Snakes and other tetrapods which do not have digits are tetrapods because other characters, such as amniotic eggs and diapsid skulls, show they descended from ancestors that which had digits.


Colin Pillinger

Colin Trevor Pillinger, (9 May 1943 – 7 May 2014) was a British planetary scientist at the Open University. He was the main investigator for the British failed Beagle 2 Mars lander project. He also worked on a group of Martian meteorites. He was born in Kingswood, South Gloucestershire.

Pillinger died from a brain haemorrhage on 7 May 2014 at the Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire. He was 70.


Crappie

The crappies ( or ) are a genus, "Pomoxis", of North American freshwater fish. They are members of the sunfish family Centrarchidae. Both species in this genus are popular game fish. These are the Black crappie (P. nigromaculatus) and the White crappie (P. annularis). The White crappie is the state fish of Louisiana.

The genus name "Pomoxis" comes from the Greek πώμα (cover, plug, operculum) and οξύς (sharp). The common name (also spelled croppie or crappé), comes from the Canadian French "crapet," which refers to many different fishes of the sunfish family. Other names for crappie are papermouths, strawberry bass, speckled bass or specks (especially in Michigan), speckled perch, calico bass (throughout New England), "sac-a-lait" (in southern Louisiana, lit. "milk bag", a rendition of Choctaw "sakli") and Oswego bass.

The currently recognized species in this genus are:

Crappies are both predators and prey. Both species of crappie as adults feed predominantly on smaller fish species. This includes the young of their own predators (which include the northern pike, muskellunge, and walleye). They have varied diets, however, including zooplankton, insects, and crustaceans. By day, crappie tend to be less active and to concentrate around weed beds or submerged objects, such as logs and boulders. They feed especially at dawn and dusk, moving then into open water or approaching the shore.

There are differences between the White and Black crappies. White crappies have 5 or 6 dorsal spines while Black crappies have 7 or 8. White crappies are usually more numerous and tend to be larger. Black crappies appear darker because of the dark spots on its sides. White crappies have black vertical bands on their bodies and are often lighter in color. But the two can be difficult to tell apart unless you count the spines. Crappies are among the most numerous in North American waters. Black crappies begin spawning when the water temperature reaches 60 to 64 degrees Fahrenheit. Females lay between 20,000 and 140,000 eggs. The White crappies begin spawning at water temperatures between 65 and 70 degrees F. The female White crappie lays between 1,000 and 200,000 eggs. Male crappies guard the nest until the eggs hatch, usually in about five days.

The "Pomoxis" species are highly regarded game fishes and are often considered to be among the best-tasting freshwater fish. Because of the variety of their diets, crappies may be caught in many ways. This includes casting light jigs, trolling with minnows or artificial lures. Small spinnerbaits, or using bobbers are also very effective. Crappies are very popular with ice-fishermen, as they are active in winter. The current all-tackle fishing world record for a black crappie is and for a white crappie is .

Angling for crappies is popular throughout much of North America. Methods vary, but among the most popular is called "Spider Rigging," a method characterized by a fisherman in a boat with many long fishing rods pointing away from the angler at various angles like spokes from a wheel. Anglers who employ the Spider Rigging method may choose from among many popular baits, like corn. Many anglers also chum or dump live bait into the water to attract the fish hoping the fish will bite their bait. There are many types of lures that catch crappies. Jigs, especially with a live minnow are very effective. Spoons, Spinners and Crankbaits are all effective at different times.

A commercial fishery for crappies existed at Reelfoot Lake in Tennessee until 2003. It was one of the few commercial fisheries for crappies.


Seven Seas of Rhye

"Seven Seas of Rhye" is a 1973 song by Queen. The instrumental version appears on their debut studio album "Queen" and the final version appears on the second studio album "Queen II". It went to the top 10 in the United Kingdom.

Killer Queen

"Killer Queen" is a song by British rock group Queen. It was featured on their 1974 album "Sheer Heart Attack", and also appears on, "Greatest Hits". When released as a single, "Killer Queen" was Queen's breakthrough hit. It reached number two in the United Kingdom and number 12 in the United States.

Musicians:

Somebody to Love (Queen song)

"Somebody to Love" is a 1976 song by British band Queen and taken from their fifth studio album "A Day at the Races". It topped the single charts in the Netherlands, number 2 in Belgium and the United Kingdom, number 5 in Canada, number 6 in Ireland, number 7 in South Africa, number 10 in Italy and number 13 in the United States.

George Michael performed this version at the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert in April 1992. The cover went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It was included in his EP "Five Live" in 1993.
Foo Fighters covered the song with the late Taylor Hawkins on vocals.

Princess Estelle, Duchess of Östergötland

Princess Estelle of Sweden, Duchess of Östergötland (Estelle Silvia Ewa Mary; born 23 February 2012) is the oldest child of Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden. Her younger brother is Prince Oscar, Duke of Skåne. She is second in line of succession to the Swedish throne.

The princess was born at 04:26 Central European Time on 23 February 2012 at Karolinska University Hospital. She was named the following day.



Katie Cassidy

Katherine Evelyn Anita Cassidy (also Katie Cassidy; born November 25, 1986) is an American actress. She played Kris Fowles in "A Nightmare on Elm Street" (the 2010 movie). She also played Ruby in the series "Supernatural".

Cassidy was born in Los Angeles.

Roma Downey

Roma Downey (born 6 May 1960) is an Irish actress. She played the angel Monica in "Touched by an Angel". She also played the Virgin Mary in "Son of God" in 2014.

Downey was born in Londonderry, Northern Ireland. She is currently married to the producer Mark Burnett.

Nazim Al-Haqqani

Mehmet Nazım Adil (April 21, 1922 – May 7, 2014; Sha'ban 23, 1340 AH – Rajab 8, 1435 AH), often called Sheikh Nazim (), was a Turkish-Cypriot Sufi Sheikh. He was the leader of the Naqshbandi-Haqqani Order. He was also a poet. He was born in Larnaca, Cyprus. 

Nazim al-Haqqani died at the age of 92 in Northern Cyprus from multiple organ failure.

Ryan Higa

Ryan Higa (also known by his YouTube username nigahiga) is an American YouTube celebrity, actor, comedian, and producer. He moved to Las Vegas to study filmmaking at University of Nevada, Las Vegas. Higa's videos are either solo efforts or videos with other people. He's known for his YouTube comedy videos. They have been viewed 3.3 billion times. , Higa's YouTube channel has more than 19 million subscribers.

Higa was born in Hilo, Hawaii on June 6, 1990. He holds a black belt in Judo. He also wrestled. He graduated from Waiakea High School in 2008.

Higa and Fujiyoshi Sean started posting YouTube videos of themselves lip-synching to songs in mid-2006 while attending Waiakea High School. They quickly expanded beyond songs, with a variety of other comedic pieces. Occasional guest appearances were made by Enos Tim, Villaruel Ryan, Chun Kyle, and Nago Tarynn.

On Christmas Eve of 2008, Higa and Fujiyoshi's two most popular videos, "How To Be Gangster" and "How To Be Emo", were removed due to copyright violations. On January 21, 2009, the nigahiga account was temporarily suspended and was required to remove more copyrighted videos. Because of this, nigahiga's lip-synching videos were all removed (with the exception of "You're Beautiful", which was audio swapped), along with most of his other videos that included copyrighted music. Since then, Higa started composing the music himself. "How to be Gangster" and "How to be Emo" were put back on nigahiga's channel in late August 2009, only to be removed a few days later, along with "How to be Ninja" and "How to be Nerd". In Spring 2010, "How to be Ninja", "How to be Gangster" and "How to be Emo" were made public once more.

Due to Higa Ryan moving to Las Vegas for college, most of the nigahiga videos are solo efforts. They usually feature collaborations with other users.

The nigahiga YouTube channel was created on July 20, 2006, by Ryan Higa, Sean Fujiyoshi, Tim Enos, and Tarynn Nago (known collectively as "The Yabo Crew"). By December 21, 2010, it had reached 3 million subscribers, the first channel to do so. According to Higa, his channel name is a combination of "Niga", which means "rant" in Japanese, and his last name, "Higa".

He created a second channel, under the name HigaTV, in 2011, where he posts video blogs and behind the scenes movies. In May 2014, it had over 2.1 million subscribers.

In 2012, Higa helped form the YOMYOMF Network, which hosts the online video-making talent competition, "Internet Icon", of which he serves alongside Lakin Christine and DeLaGhetto Timothy as main judges.

In 2008, Vleet Van Richard offered to help them create their first feature-length film. The resulting film, "Ryan and Sean's Not So Excellent Adventure", was directed by Vleet Van Richard and released on November 14, 2008. It was shown in sold out theaters in Hawaii and California. The DVD was released on July 14, 2009, in the USA.

"Ryan and Sean's Not So Excellent Adventure" is about a down on his luck movie producer, played by Buckley Michael, who is seeking out famous celebrities in order to make a hit movie in 30 days or risk being fired. He chooses Higa Ryan and Fujiyoshi Sean after discovering the popularity of their YouTube videos. He invites them to Hollywood to make a movie. They accept the offer. They run into some amusing situations on the way.

"Ninja Melk", a short film, was released in August 2009. The plot revolves around a ninja master named Master Ching Ching sending his student Lapchung (played by Murata Bryson) to find a replacement, finding Higa and Fujiyoshi to catch the evil Bokchoy (played by Enos Tim) and his henchwoman, Gina (played by Nago Tarynn).

An independent film he created with Wong Fu Productions called "Agents of Secret Stuff" was uploaded on Higa's channel on November 24, 2010. It features some other popular YouTube users as well as actors such as Aki Aleong. "Agents of Secret Stuff" is about a teenage A.S.S. (Agent of Secret Stuff) (Higa) who is sent undercover to a high school to protect one of the students, a girl named Taylor (Cho Arden) from the A.S.S.'s enemy, the S.I.N.S (Society Involving Not-So-Good Stuff). It included guest appearances from Ian and Anthony of Smosh, D-Trix, KassemG and Hiimrawn. Higa has also starred on an episode of "Supah Ninjas", playing DJ Elephant Head, a master plotter who uses his hypnotizing electronic music to make people fall asleep to commit robberies.


Raúl Baca Carbo

Oswaldo Raul Baca Carbo (June 29, 1931 - May 7, 2014) was an Ecuadorian engineer and politician. He is thought to be a historic leader of the Democratic Party of Ecuador. He was one of the most influential figures in Ecuadorian politics.

He was president of the National Congress on three separate occasions, in addition to being president of the Andean Parliament and the Latin American Parliament.

Carbo was born in Quito, Ecuador. He died in Quito, Ecuador, aged 82.

Ramón Vega Hidalgo

Hidalgo Ramon Vega (February 1, 1934 - May 7, 2014) was a Chilean politician and military personal. He was commander in chief of the Chilean Air Force. In 1998 he was appointed institutional senator, a position he held starting in 1998. He left office in 2006.

Hidalgo was born in Santiago, Chile. He died there from heart failure, aged 80.

Koko (dog)

Koko (9 April 2005 – 18 December 2012) was an Australian Kelpie actor and fundraiser. He is best known for his role as the title character of the movie "Red Dog" (2011). His owner was Nelson Woss, a producer of "Red Dog". He was born in Dunolly, Victoria.

Koko died from heart failure caused by heart disease on 18 December 2012 in Perth, Western Australia. He was 7.

Manuel Jiménez de Parga

Manuel Jiménez de Parga y Cabrera (April 9, 1929 - May 6, 2014) was a Spanish lawyer, politician and diplomat.

He was professor in charge of the department of political law at the University of Madrid (1956) and professor in opposition of the Faculty of Law of the University of Barcelona (1957-1977). He was Dean of the Faculty of Law (1976) and Rector of the University of Barcelona (1976-1977).

de Parga was Minister of Labour (1977-78) and Ambassador-Permanent Representative of Spain to the ILO (Geneva, 1978-1981) and president of the Inter-American Conference of Labour (1980).

He was born in Granada, Spain. de Parga died in Madrid, Spain, aged 85.

Jair Rodrigues

Jair Rodrigues de Oliveira (February 6, 1939 – May 8, 2014) was a Brazilian musician and singer. His career began during the 1950s. He was known for his many albums such as "O Menino da Porteira", "Boi da Cara Preta" and "Majestade o Sabiá". He sang funk and samba music.

Rodrigues was born in Igarapava, Brazil. He died in Cotia, Brazil, aged 75.

Elder abuse

Elder abuse (also senior abuse) is a single or repeated act of abuse towards an elderly person. It can also be when a lack of good care causes harm or distress to an older person. It can be physical abuse, sexual abuse, emotional abuse or verbal abuse.

Elder abuse happens when there is an " of trust" by the older person toward their abuser. Usually the abuser is someone the older person knows or with whom they have a relationship. This could be a spouse, partner or family member, a friend or neighbor. It could be a caregiver that the older person depends on for services. Many forms of elder abuse are recognized as types of domestic violence or family violence.

Learn about senior abuse awareness and prevention with this infographic

Centrarchidae

Centrarchidae or sunfish are a family of freshwater ray-finned fish. They belonging to the order Perciformes. The type genus is Centrarchus (consisting solely of the flier, "C. macropterus"). 

The family's 37 species include many fish familiar to North Americans, including the rock bass, largemouth bass, bluegill, pumpkinseed, and crappies. All are native only to North America. Family members are distinguished by having from five to 13 dorsal spines, which are sharp bones in the dorsal fin. Sizes of most are in the range. However, some are much smaller, with the black-banded sunfish at just in length, while the largemouth bass is reported to reach almost in extreme cases.

The male of most species builds a nest by hollowing out a depression using his tail, then guards the eggs. Most sunfish are valued for sport fishing. They have been introduced in many areas outside their original ranges, sometimes becoming an invasive species.

Edgar Cortright

Edgar Maurice Cortright (July 29, 1923 – May 4, 2014) was an American scientist and engineer, and senior official at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) in the United States. His known positions during his career were Director of NASA's Langley Research Center and Chairman of the Apollo 13 Review Board. 

He died from a stroke in Palm City, Florida, aged 90.


Oswego bass

The term Oswego bass can refer to one of two species of sunfish:


Alessandro Pertini

Alessandro "Sandro" Pertini (; 25 September 1896 – 24 February 1990) was an Italian journalist and socialist politician. He served as the seventh President of the Italian Republic. He served as President from 1978 to 1985.

Pertini was born in Stella, Italy. He studied at the University of Genoa. Aged 19 when Italy entered World War I on the side of the Entente, Pertini opposed the war, but enlisted in the army where he served as a lieutenant and was decorated for bravery. Pertini was married to Carla Voltolina. 

In 1978, the 82-year old Pertini was elected President of the Italian Republic. He played a major role in helping restore the public's faith in the government and institutions of Italy. 

He maintained an active schedule of traveling and meeting foreign leaders such as Margaret Thatcher, Mikhail Gorbachev, Joseph Broz Tito, and Ronald Reagan. 

During the Brigate Rosse terrorism period of the Anni di piombo, Pertini openly denounced the violence. He was also against organized crime in Italy, South African apartheid, Chilean president Augusto Pinochet and other dictatorships. Pertini was as well against the Soviet Union's invasion of Afghanistan. 

In 1985, he stepped down from the presidency. He was soon honored with the position of senator for life.

Pertini became President of the Foundation for Historical Studies of Florence. In December 1988, Pertini was the first person to be awarded the Otto Hahn Peace Award by the United Nations. He lived in Rome, Italy. 

Pertini died in Rome, Italy from natural causes, aged 93.


Von Neumann architecture

The von Neumann architecture is a model of how computers work. It was developed by John von Neumann, and others in the 1940s. According to this model, a computer consists of two fundamental parts: There is a processor, which loads and executes program instructions, and there is computer memory which holds both the instructions and the data. The von Neumann architecture is probably the most common model that describes how most computers work today. As it was developed at Princeton University, it is also known as Princeton architecture, but that term is less common. 

Another very similar architecture is the Harvard architecture, which separates the place where data is held from that where program instructions are held. 

The common bus (essentially like a road for data) used by the program memory and data memory creates what is called the von Neumann bottleneck, which is the limit of the data transfer rate between the CPU and memory (think of it like a 100-km road between destinations). Because the program and data cannot be accessed at the same time, the data transfer rate is smaller than the rate the CPU can work, limiting the effective processing speed of the CPU. It is made to wait for the data it needs to be moved to or from memory.

The Von Neumann bottleneck can be avoided if data and program are transferred on separate buses. This is achieved by the .

Alternative workarounds include having a small data cache built into the processor, and using complicated algorithms and logic to predict what will be needed next and get it before it is needed.

These are some examples of von Neumann model computers.

Home for the Holidays (movie)

Home for the Holidays is a 1995 comedy-drama movie directed by Jodie Foster. It tells the story of an unhappy family who are getting together for the Thanksgiving holidays. The comedy scene of the Thanksgiving dinner took more than ten days to make. In all, 64 turkeys, 20 pounds of mashed potatoes, 35 pounds of stuffing, 44 pies, 30 pounds of sweet potatoes, 18 bags of mini-marshmallows and 50 gallons of fake wine were used.

Foster let Robert Downey Jr. improvise some of his role instead of using a script. This got him excited about making movies again. He had been unhappy and tired of acting for a while.


Claudia Larson is a single mom with a teenage daughter. Claudia is an artist who restores paintings. She has just lost her job at a museum because of a lack of money to pay her. Even though she is sick with a cold, she flies from Chicago to spend Thanksgiving with her parents, Adele and Henry Larson. They still live in the same house in Baltimore, where she grew up with her sister and brother. But her daughter, Kitt will be staying home to be with her boyfriend. Kitt tells her mom on the telephone that she is going to have sex with her boyfriend for the first time.

Claudia's stuck-up and critical sister, Joanne Larson Wedman, is also coming for dinner. She brings her boring husband, Walter, and their two spoiled children. Claudia's gay brother, Tommy, and his new friend Leo Fish show up, along with their eccentric Aunt Glady. Claudia laughs and happily chats with Tommy, but the rest of her family is stressing her out, as usual. Meanwhile, Joanne is strictly trying to keep the holiday celebration under control. Tommy has been the boyfriend of another man, Jack, for a long time. So Claudia is confused because he is at dinner with Leo. But, as Claudia finds out, Leo has come along for the holidays to be introduced to Claudia. In fact, Tommy has just recently married Jack.

The Thanksgiving day has many crazy events, including a loud fight on the lawn in the leaves. The turkey is spilled in Joanne's lap, ruining her fancy dress. Many things are said in anger which can't be taken back and the family seems as divided as ever. So Claudia meets with her family by herself to try to make up.

Even though Claudia is still discouraged, she becomes close to Leo. When she gets on the plane to go home, Leo goes with her.



White Plains, New York

White Plains is a city in Westchester County, New York, United States. As of 2020, 59,559 people live in White Plains.

White Plains is around 30 to 45 minutes north of Manhattan, depending on what type of train taken. This ideal location adds to the increasing appeal of White Plains.

Elmira, New York

Elmira is a city in Chemung County, New York, United States. As of 2020, 29,523 people live in Elmira.

Troy, New York

Troy is a city in Rensselaer County, New York, United States. As of 2020, 51,401 people live in Troy.

Rensselaer, New York

Rensselaer is a city in Rensselaer County, New York, United States. As of 2020, 9,210 people live in Rensselaer.

Billy Harrell

William "Bill" Harrell (July 18, 1928 – May 6, 2014) was an American sportsman. He played basketball for the Siena Saints. He was best known for his time in the Major League Baseball and played in the league between 1955 and 1961. During his time in the MLB, he played for the Cleveland Indians in 1955 and from 1957 until 1958 and Boston Red Sox in 1961. He was born in Norristown, Pennsylvania.

Harrell died on May 6, 2014 at his home in Albany, New York. He was 85.

Lichtenstein Castle

Lichtenstein Castle is a castle near Honau in Swabian Alb, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The castle is on a cliff. There has been a castle on this land since around 1200. It was destroyed two times. The first time was in the Reichskrieg's War of 1311. The second time was by the city-state of Reutlingen in 1381. The castle was not rebuilt and became a ruin.

In 1802, King Frederick I of Württemberg built a hunting lodge there. In 1837, the land passed to his nephew Duke Wilhelm of Urach, Count of Württemberg. He added the current castle in 1840–42.

Today, the castle is still owned by the Dukes of Urach. It is open to visitors. The castle has a large collection of historic weapons and armour.

Qianzhousaurus

Qianzhousaurus is a genus of coelurosaurian theropod dinosaurs. So far only one species has been named: the type species "Qianzhousaurus sinensis". Nicknamed 'Pinocchio rex' for its long snout in comparison to other known tyrannosaurs, it was discovered in southern China and first published in the journal "Nature Communications" in May 2014. 

Apart from its signature snout, it also had long, narrow teeth, while "T. rex" had thick teeth and powerful, deep-set jaws. This suggest its feeding method and probably its life-style were quite different from "Tyrannosaurus". The thinner teeth and lighter skeleton of "Qianzhousaurus" suggest it hunted smaller creatures, such as lizards and feathered dinosaurs.

The bones were discovered by workmen at a construction site near the city of Ganzhou, who then took them to a local museum.

The discovery of "Qianzhousaurus", and "Alioramus" from Mongolia, shows that the long-snouted tyrannosaurids were widespread in Asia. Although we are only starting to learn about them, they were apparently one of the main groups of predatory dinosaurs in Asia. Their existence was previously suspected because of various scattered fossil finds. An expert says the find "tells us pretty unequivocally that these long-snouted tyrannosaurs were a real thing. They were a different breed, living right to the end of the age of dinosaurs".

IPad Mini

The iPad Mini is a line of mini tablet computers that is designed, made, and sold by Apple Inc.. It is smaller than a full-sized iPad with a screen size of 7.9 inches, compared to 9.7 inches on a regular iPad. The first iPad mini was announced on October 23, 2012, and was released on November 2, 2012, in almost all of Apple's markets. It is similar to the iPad 2.

The second-generation iPad Mini was announced on October 22, 2013, and was released on November 12, 2013. It is the first iPad Mini to have a Retina Display.

The iPad Mini shipped with iOS 6. It can act as a hotspot, meaning that it can share its internet connection over Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, or USB. It can also access the App Store, where users can buy and install applications for their device. It can run the latest operating system, iOS 7, and this version shipped with the second generation iPad Mini.

Below is a comparison of the two iPad Mini models..

Sarah Lawrence College

Sarah Lawrence College is a private liberal arts college in Yonkers, New York. It is famous for its rigorous academic standards and its emphasize on individual study. Notable alumni include Rahm Emanuel, Vera Wang and J. J. Abrams. The school enrolls 1473 undergraduates and nearly 330 graduate students. It competes in Skyline Conference with 15 varsity sports.

Lactation

Lactation describes the secretion of milk from the breasts when a mother feeds her young. It occurs with almost all female mammals after the birth of their young. In humans the process is also called "breastfeeding" or "nursing".

In most species, milk comes out of the mother's nipples. The platypus (which is a monotreme mammal) releases milk through ducts in its abdomen. In only one species of mammal, the Dayak fruit bat, is milk production a normal male function.

Milk contains fat, lactose, and protein, as well as vitamins and minerals.

Apart from food nutrients, mothers' milk contains a range of antibodies which protect the baby until it develops its own immune system. When born, a baby has antibodies from across the mother's placenta. Its own immunoglobulin production takes about six months to develop after birth, so meantime the mother's milk supplies them.

Milk production requires the hormones prolactin and oxytocin.

The evolution of milk production made use of a feature which was present before modern mammals. The cells which produce milk were developed from the apocrine glands in the skin: 
Meaning: since the skin of synapsids had glands in it, the development of milk production was possible.

Stupid Girl (Garbage song)

"Stupid Girl" is a 1996 rock ballad. The song is performed by Garbage. It was released in February 1996. It was actually recorded in 1994, two years prior to release.

The song has a drum sample of The Clash's single "Train in Vain".

The song was nominated for two Grammy Awards: Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group.

Modulation (mathematics)

In mathematics, modulation works out the remainder (what's left over) when we divide two integers (whole numbers without a fraction or a decimal) together. For example, 5 modulated by 2 is 1, because if we divide 5 by 2, then we get 2 (because formula_1) with 1 left over. The symbol for modulation is formula_2. People sometimes also write formula_3, though this notation is rarely used. 

Because computers and calculators store numbers in different ways, they sometimes use different steps to work out the modulus (what we get when we modulate two numbers). 


All-female band

The all female band is a musical group made exclusively of female musicians. Such groups include the Go-Go's, Bangles, The Andrews Sisters, The Runaways and 4 Non Blondes. Farida Vakil founded one of the first female bands in India, The Ladybirds.

All-female bands are not restricted by mainstream genres.


Tina Weymouth

Martina Weymouth (also Tina Weymouth; born November 22, 1950) is an American new wave musician. She is related to the Talking Heads and the Tom Tom Club. She is also the bassist for them.

Weymouth was born in Coronado, California.

River Severn

The River Severn (, ) is the longest river in Great Britain. It is about long. It starts in the Cambrian Mountains of mid Wales. It then flows through Shropshire, Worcestershire and Gloucestershire. The county towns of Shrewsbury, Worcester, and Gloucester are on its banks. The Severn is the greatest river in terms of water flow in England and Wales.

The river is usually considered to become the Severn Estuary after the Second Severn Crossing. The river then discharges into the Bristol Channel, which discharges into the Atlantic Ocean. The Severn's drainage basin area is , excluding the River Wye and the River Avon which flow into the Severn Estuary.

Luxembourg (district)

The District of Luxembourg () was one of three districts of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. Its capital was Luxembourg City.

In 2015, the districts were abolished.

The district is to the southwest of the country. It was the second largest district of the three districts, with an area of . It was the district with more people living in it with a population, in 2014, of 401,041 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

When the districts were created on 24 February 1843, Luxembourg was one of the three of the country.

On 30 May 1857, the Mersch canton was taken from the Luxembourg district to made part of the new district of Mersch. on 4 May 1867, the new district was abolished and the Mersch canton was made again a part of the Luxembourg district.

On 2012, the communes of Bascharage and Clemency were combined to make the new commune of Käerjeng. So the number of communes changed from 47 to 46.

The district of Luxembourg is bordered to the north by the Diekirch district, to the east by the Grevenmacher district, to the south by France (the Meurthe-et-Moselle and Moselle "départements") and to the west by Belgium (the Belgian province of Luxembourg).

The Luxembourg district has 4 cantons and 46 "communes".


Division of Hinkler

The Division of Hinkler is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1984 and is named after Bert Hinkler, the great pioneer Australian aviator. 

The division includes the towns of Bundaberg, Hervey Bay, Childers, Gayndah and Monto.


Harlan Mathews

Harlan Matthews (January 17, 1927 – May 9, 2014) was an American politician. Mathews was a member of the Democratic Party.

Mathews was born in Walker County, Alabama. He studied at the Nashville School of Law. Mathews married Pat Mathews in 1948.

Mathews first served as Tennessee State Treasurer from 1975 to 1987. 

Mathews served as the United States senator for Tennessee. He succeeded Al Gore. He served as senator from 1993 to 1994. He was succeeded by Fred Thompson. 

After leaving office, Mathews studied law in Nashville, Tennessee. Mathews and his wife had two children.

Mathews died of brain cancer at a hospice in Nashville.

Walker County, Alabama

Walker County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama.
Its name is in honor of John Williams Walker, a member of the United States Senate. As of the 2020 census, the population was 65,342. Its county seat is Jasper.

Canton of Luxembourg

Luxembourg () is a canton in Luxembourg. Its capital is Luxembourg.

It is the only canton, other than Mersch, to be entirely surrounded by other cantons, and therefore not to have an international boundary.

With an area of , and a population (2017) of 179,369, the Luxembourg canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

It is bordered on the north by the Mersch and Grevenmacher cantons, on the southeast by the Remich canton, on the southwest by the Esch-sur-Alzette canton, and on the west by the Capellen canton.

The Luxembourg canton has 11 communes (2017 population)ː


Ned McWherter

Ned Ray McWherter (October 15, 1930April 4, 2011) was an American politician. He worked as the 46th Governor of Tennessee from 1987 to 1995. He worked as Speaker of the Tennessee House of Representatives from 1973 to 1987.

McWherter died of cancer in Nashville, Tennessee. He was 80 years old.

Marc Brown (author)

Marc Tolon Brown (born November 25, 1946) is an American author and illustrator of children's books. Brown writes and illustrates the "Arthur" book series, and is best known for creating the series. He was born in Erie, Pennsylvania.

Alzette

The Alzette (, ) is a river in France and Luxembourg. It is a right tributary of the Sauer river, and so it is part of the drainage basin of the Rhine river.

The Alzette river is sung in "Ons Heemecht", the national anthem of Luxembourg (, , ).

The Alzette river has a length of but only of them are in France. Its drainage basin has an area of , most of it in Luxembourg.

The Alzette has its source in France in the territory of the "commune" of Thil in the department of Meurthe-et-Moselle (Lorraine), at an altitude of about . It passes through the French "communes" of Villerupt () and Audun-le-Tiche (, .

After a few kilometers, the Alzette enters Luxembourg, flowing through the city of Esch-sur-Alzette (, or "Esch-an-der-Alzig", ). At Lameschmillen (near Bergem) it is joined by the Mess river.

It flows on a wide floodplain before getting into a narrow valley near Hesperange. Then it flows through the Luxembourgish cities of Luxembourg (where it is joined by the Pétrusse river) and Mersch (where is joined by the Mamer and Eisch rivers). It joins, as a right tributary, the Sauer river near Ettelbruck, at about of altitude.

The main tributaries of the Alzette rivers are left tributaries; those that join the river by the right side are very small streams.



Ezra Pound

Ezra Weston Loomis Pound (30 October 1885 – 1 November 1972) was an American poet and critic. He was a major figure of the early modernist movement and free verse. His best-known works include "Ripostes" (1912), "Hugh Selwyn Mauberley" (1920) and the unfinished "The Cantos" (1917–69). He was also one of the important members of the Early Modernist Movement and was known for his support for fascism.

Pound was born in Hailey, Idaho Territory. In the early 20th century he worked in London as foreign editor of several American magazines. He died at a hospital in Venice, Italy from a sudden intestinal blockage, aged 87.


Juan Ponce Enrile

Juan Ponce Enrile, later Juanito Ponce (born Juanito Furagganan on 14 February 1924), is a Filipino politician. He served as Justice Secretary and then Defense Minister. He was Senate President from November 2008 until his resignation on June 5, 2013.

Enrile was born in Gonzaga, Cagayan.

House of the Rising Sun

House of the Rising Sun is an action-thriller movie of 2011. This movie is about an ex-cop trying to turn his life around after five years in prison. Amy Smart plays Jenny. Danny Trejo plays Carlos.

The movie was shot in Grand Rapids, Michigan.

Abdullah Kobayashi

In mid-2013, Kobayashi took a long break from in-ring action to undergo treatment after he was diagnosed with hepatitis C.



Rachael Leigh Cook

Rachael Leigh Cook (born October 4, 1979) is an American actress, model and voice artist. She played Becky Thatcher in "Tom and Huck" (1995). She played Laney Boggs in She's All That (1999). She played Laura King in the movie "Vampire" (2011).

She was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Blonde Ambition

Blonde Ambition is a romantic comedy movie. This is about a small town girl who moves to New York City and becomes a businesswoman. Jessica Simpson plays Katie. Rachael Leigh Cook plays Haley, and Penelope Ann Miller plays Debra.

This movie was released in December of 2007. It did not do well at the box office.

Bob &amp; Carol &amp; Ted &amp; Alice

Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice is a romantic comedy-drama movie. It is about affairs and swinging Las Vegas and California. Robert Culp plays Bob. Natalie Wood plays Carol. Elliott Gould plays Ted. Dyan Cannon plays Alice.

The movie was rated R for sexual material. This was released in September 1969.

All in a Night's Work

All in a Night's Work is a 1961 American romantic comedy movie. It is about romance and several people in a newspaper department. Dean Martin plays Tony, and Shirley MacLaine plays Katie. 

It was released in 1961.

Screwball comedy

Screwball comedies are an American genre of comedy movies. This genre became popular during the Great Depression. It first became popular with "It Happened One Night" in 1934.

The elements of the screwball comedy can be traced back to plays such as "A Midsummer Night's Dream" and "Much Ado about Nothing".

Screwball comedy has farce or slapstick material.

Joe Wilder

Joseph Benjamin "Joe" Wilder (February 22, 1922 – May 9, 2014) was an American jazz trumpeter, bandleader, and composer. He performed music with people such as Dizzy Gillespie, Billie Holiday, Johnny Mathis, Harry Belafonte and Tony Bennett. He was honored with the NEA Jazz Masters Award by the National Endowment for the Arts in 2008.

Wilder was an African American who was born in Colwyn, Pennsylvania and raised in Philadelphia.

Wilder died from congestive heart failure on May 9, 2014 in New York City. He was 92.

Suddenly I See

"Suddenly I See" is a pop-rock ballad. KT Tunstall sings the song. The song is a strong tribute to female power.

The song was released in August of 2005 in the United Kingdom. It was then released in the America a year later.

The single performed really high in Australia at the #6 spot.

Be Careful With My Heart

Be Careful With My Heart is a Philippine television drama series. It is broadcast by ABS-CBN.


Conchita Wurst

Thomas "Tom" Neuwirth (born 6 November 1988) is an Austrian singer and drag queen with the stage name Conchita Wurst. He won the Eurovision Song Contest 2014, representing Austria with the song "Rise Like A Phoenix".

Tom Neuwirth began his singing career in 2006 when he took part in "Starmania", an Austrian singing show. A year later, he was a member of Jetz Anders!, an Austrian band. The group separated the same year.

In 2011, he first appeared as Conchita Wurst while being a contestant on the Austrian music competition "The Big Chance." In 2014, it was announced that Conchita Wurst would represent Austria in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 with the song "Rise Like a Pheonix". She won the contest. 

Since her win, Wurst has appeared on several television shows and Eurovision events. She also made a cameo appearance in the film .

Conchita Wurst's victory was celebrated by many Eurovision fans who were members of the LGBT community. Countries such as Russia did not like Wurst's victory. Wurst has attended many Pride events.

Domenico Ghirlandaio

Domenico di Tommaso Curradi di Doffo Bigordi (, , ; 2 June 1448  – 11 January 1494), professionally known as Domenico Ghirlandaio, also spelled as Ghirlandajo, was an Italian painter. He painted during the Renaissance (about 1400-1600) in Florence. He was an important painter in the time of the Renaissance. In about 1480, he became the official portrait artist for wealthy people in Florence.

Domenico had a large painting workshop. His brothers David Ghirlandaio and Benedetto Ghirlandaio and his brother-in-law Sebastiano Mainardi worked with him. His son Ridolfo Ghirlandaio also was a painter.

Michelangelo Buonarroti was his most famous apprentice. He started learning in Domenico’s workshop at age 13.

Ghirlandaio died in 1494 of an contagious fever and was buried in Santa Maria Novella. The day and month of his birth and death are not known, but he died in early January of his forty-fifth year. He had been married two times and had six children. One of his three sons, Ridolfo Ghirlandaio, also became a noted painter in Florence.



Beyond the Valley of the Dolls

Beyond the Valley of the Dolls is a 1970 melodrama and musical movie. It is about three women who perform in a rock band, The Kelly Affair. Dolly Read plays Kelly MacNamara.

The movie was originally rated X. The rating was later changed to NC-17. Roger Ebert co-wrote the movie.

This movie made a lot of money.

Table Rock Lake

Table Rock Lake is an artificial lake, or reservoir, in The Ozarks of southwestern Missouri and northwestern Arkansas. The lake was made by the construction of Table Rock dam. This 252 foot high impoundment was constructed in 1954-1958 on the White River by the United States Army Corps of Engineers. It is one of the popular attractions for the nearby town of Branson, Missouri. There are several commercial marinas along the lake, and Table Rock State Park is located on the east side. Downstream from the dam, the Missouri Department of Conservation operates the Shepherd of the Hills Fish Hatchery, which is used to stock trout in Lake Taneycomo. The cold water from the dam creates an ideal environment for Rainbow trout and Brown trout.

The lake area temperature varies according to season: 

"Dam and Outlet Measurements"

"Dam elevations above mean sea level"
"Lake elevations above mean sea level"
"Surface area of lake"
"Maximum storage capacity"
"Shoreline length"
"Other"
"Power generating data"

The original purpose of the reservoir was for flood control on the White River. It also produces Hydroelectric power and provides recreation for southern Missoui and northern Arkansas. The dam had been authorized under the Flood Control Act of 1941. But World War II and the Korean War delayed construction until 1954. The reservoir has a fluctuation of . When the reservoir is above the maximum flood pool, excess water goes over the auxiliary overflow spillway at the north end of the dam. Table Rock is the second of four major reservoirs on the White River before it enters the Mississippi River. The other three are Beaver Lake, Lake Taneycomo and Bull Shoals Lake.

Table Rock is one of the premier Largemouth bass fishing lakes in the United States. All three species of Black bass are here in abundance (Largemouth, Smallmouth and Spotted). The lake has produced Largemouth bass of over 10 pounds and Smallmouth bass over 7 pounds. Table Rock is the site of several major Bass fishing tournaments each year. The lake has several other species of game fish including Crappie, Walleye, White Bass, Paddlefish Catfish and Sunfish. Lake Tannycomo, below Table Rock dam, is one of the top 5 Rainbow and Brown trout fisheries in the world.


Ozark, Missouri

Ozark, incorporated in 1890, is a city in Christian County, Missouri, United States. The population was 21,284 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Christian County. Ozark is part of the Springfield, Missouri metropolitan area, and is centered along a business loop of U.S. Route 65, where it crosses Missouri Route 14. It is south of Springfield, Missouri and north of Branson.

Ozark was named from the Ozark Mountains, in which it is located.

ECW CyberSlam

ECW CyberSlam was a professional wrestling event and pay-per-view that was produced by Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). It ran from 1996 to 2000.

CyberSlam 1996 took place on February 17, 1996 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the first CyberSlam event that ECW produced.

CyberSlam 1997 were two events that took place on February 21, 1997 and on February 22, 1997 at both the Lost Battalion Hall in Queens, New York and the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the second CyberSlam event that ECW produced. The event featured two events which were held at February 21 and February 22. 

The first event happened on February 21, 1997 in Lost Battalion Hall in Queens, New York

The second event happened on February 22, 1997 in ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

CyberSlam 1998 took place on February 21, 1998 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the third CyberSlam event that ECW produced. The event started with a ten-bell salute to honor Louie Spicolli who had died six days earlier from an accidental drug overdose.

CyberSlam 1999 took place on April 3, 1999 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the fourth CyberSlam event that ECW produced.

CyberSlam 2000 took place on April 22, 2000 at the ECW Arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was the fifth and final CyberSlam event that ECW produced.

Briana Evigan

Briana Evigan (born October 28, 1986) is an American dancer and actress. In "Step Up" and its sequels, she played Andie West. She also played Annette in the movie "Mother's Day".

Briana Evigan was born in Los Angeles.

Mother's Day (2010 movie)

Mother's Day is a 2010 remake of the 1980 movie "Mother's Day". The movie is about three brothers who fail at robbing a bank and then try consulting their mother. They discover her house is being foreclosed on. Briana Evigan plays Annette. Rebecca De Mornay plays the mother.

The movie got mixed reviews.

Mother's Day (movie)

Mother's Day is a 1980 American horror-thriller movie. This is about three women who go camping in the woods They get attacked by two men and their mother.

This movie got mixed reviews from the critics.

Burlesque

Burlesque is a type of performance that makes people laugh by making fun of serious subjects. It has things in common with parody and travesty. The word "burlesque" has been used in English since the 17th century.

A later use for "burlesque" refers to performance in variety show format.

Poplar Bluff, Missouri

Poplar Bluff is a city in southeast Missouri. It is the county seat of Butler County. At the 2020 census, 16,225 people lived there.

Poplar Bluff was incorporated in February 1870.

In 1927 a tornado leveled most of the city, especially the original business district along Main and Broadway streets.

As of the census of 2010, there were 17,023 people, 7,181 households, and 4,154 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 8,038 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 84.79% White, 9.97% Black or African American, 0.53% Native American, 0.89% Asian, 0.06% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, 0.90% from other races, and 2.84% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.21% of the population.

There were 7,181 households of which 30.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.1% were married couples living together, 17.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.2% had a male householder with no wife present, and 42.2% were non-families. 36.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 15.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.94.

The median age in the city was 38.4 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.6% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.6% were from 25 to 44; 24.6% were from 45 to 64; and 18.2% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 45.9% male and 54.1% female.

Poplar Bluff is located at (36.756944, −90.392778), along the Black River. According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which is land and is water.

Christian County, Missouri

Christian County is a county in southwest Missouri. As of the 2020 census, the population was 88,842. Its county seat is Ozark. It became a county in 1860 and is named after William Christian, a Kentucky soldier of the American Revolutionary War.

Christian County is part of the Springfield, Missouri metropolitan area. From 2000 to 2010 it was the fastest growing county in Missouri and one of the fastest growing in the United States. This was due to the booming growth in nearby Springfield.

Dave Franco

David John "Dave" Franco (born June 12, 1985) is an American television and movie actor. He is best known for his roles in "21 Jump Street", "Charlie St. Cloud", Easy A, "Fright Night", "Now You See Me", "Warm Bodies", "Scrubs", and in "Neighbors". He is the younger brother of actor James Franco and Tom Franco.

Valentina Cortese

Valentina Cortese (1 January 1923 – 10 July 2019) was an Italian actress. She was known for her roles in "The Glass Mountain", "Thieves' Highway", "The House on Telegraph Hill", and in "The Barefoot Contessa". She was a BAFTA Award in 1973 and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1975 for her role in "Night for Day".

Cortese died on 10 July 2019 in Milan at the age of 96.

Cantons of Luxembourg

The 12 cantons (, German: "Kantone", ) of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg are areas of local government. They are subdivisions of the three districts of Luxembourg. The cantons are in turn subdivided into 106 communes.

The cantons were created, together with the districts, on 24 February 1843.


Lake Taneycomo

Lake Taneycomo is a man-made lake or reservoir on the White River in the Ozark Mountains of Taney County, Missouri. The reservoir is named for the county in which it is located: Taney County, MO. It flows through the city of Branson, Missouri. Tanycomo is the third of four reservoirs on the White River before it enters the Mississippi River. The other three are Beaver Lake, Table Rock Lake and Bull Shoals Lake.

Lake Taneycomo widened out to be a lake with the completion of the Powersite Dam, near Forsyth, Missouri, in 1913. From 1913 until 1958 it was a warm water lake. The United States Army Corps of Engineers completed the Table Rock Dam in 1958. This changed Tanycomo from a warm water lake to a very cold 58 degrees Farenheit (maximum). Gone were the Smallmouth bass the White River was famous for. But it turned Lake Tanycomo into a world class trout fishery. 

In 1957, the Missouri Department of Conservation constructed the Shepherd of the Hills Fish Hatchery. It provides 
between 350,000 and 400,000 pounds of rainbow and brown trout per year, most of which goes into Lake Tanycomo. In 2001, while doing a survey of the lake, Missouri Department of Conservation biologists captured a 36.5 inch long trout they estimated weighed 37 pounds. The trout was promptly released. In 2009, Scott Sandusky, caught the Missouri state record Brown Trout which was 37 inches long and 24.75 inches in girth. It weighed 28.8 pounds and was taken on a spinning rod with 4 pound test line.

Lake Taneycomo is both a river and a lake. The shallow colder water, located near the Table Rock Dam, averages 48 degrees F. Here it resembles a river and allows fishing from the banks of the river. Moving downsteam the temperature of the water gets warmer and the lake deepens to more than near the Powersite Dam in Forsyth. The current can be very strong when Table Rock dam is generating power. The water temperature also drops. At this time the fishing tends to be very good. All methods of trout fishing — fly fishing, fishing lures, and live bait fishing — may be used year-round to catch trout that inhabit the waters of Lake Taneycomo.

Lake Taneycomo offers a variety of recreational activities including hiking, sightseeing, hunting, fishing, boating, and waterskiing. People coming to Lake Taneycomo are able to visit area restaurants, shopping, and shows in the Branson area.


Burlesque (disambiguation)

A burlesque is a type of performance that makes fun of a serious subject.

Burlesque might also mean:

Lakewood, Ohio

Lakewood is a city in Ohio, near Cleveland. It is in the northeastern area of the state. In the 2020 United States Census, 50,942 people lived there.

Lakewood is led by a mayor and a city council. The people in Lakewood vote to choose the mayor and city council. There are seven people in the city council.

Lakewood is about 6 miles (9.7 km) west of Cleveland. The city has a total area of 6.69 square miles (17.33 km).

Famous people from Lakewood include Teri Garr.

Country Strong

Country Strong is a 2010 drama movie. This movie is about affairs. Gwyneth Paltrow plays Kelly. Leighton Meester plays Chiles.

The movie got mixed to negative review.

Sixpence None the Richer

Sixpence None the Richer (also known as Sixpence) is an American Christian rock/pop band. They formed in New Braunfels, Texas in 1992. The band eventually settled in Nashville, Tennessee. They are best known for their songs "Kiss Me" and "Breathe Your Name" and their covers of "Don't Dream It's Over" and "There She Goes". The name of the band is inspired by a passage from the book "Mere Christianity" by C. S. Lewis.


Combinatorial chemistry

Combinatorial chemistry is a branch of chemistry that creates a large number of different compounds using standardized reactions. Very often robots are used for synthesis. After synthesis, the compounds with the desired properties are kept. The main use for the procedure is Medicinal chemistry and pharmacology.

Lycopsis

Lycopsis is an extinct genus of South American metatherian. It lived during the Miocene of what is now Colombia.

"Lycopsis" was more likely an ambush hunter than a pounce-pursuit predator, stalking small-to medium-sized prey. The borhyaenids in general were once arboreal, and later changed their life-style to one of living on the ground. The skeleton of "Lycopsis" has a mosaic of features which show it was not yet a fast runner on the ground.

 

Multiple exposure

In photography, a multiple exposure is when a single frame of film is taken more than once. This usually happens accidentally if the photographer forgets to advance the film. To prevent multiple exposures, most modern cameras will not let the photographer open the shutter again until the film is advanced. It can also be used on purpose for special effects, such as creating a fake photograph of a ghost. The resulting image will be a combination of all of the shots. Multiple exposures are not possible on digital cameras, but the effect can be simulated with the alpha channel feature of photo editing software such as Photoshop or GIMP.

Curtiss BT2C

The Curtiss BT2C is a military aircraft. It was designed and built as a bomber and torpedo launcher. But it was never built in series, World War II was finished before its series of test flight. Only nine examples were built.

Powersite Dam

Powersite Dam is a hydroelectric dam that went into service in 1913 in Forsyth, Missouri. It is found along the White River, and the reservoir it forms is Lake Taneycomo. It is the first hydroelectric dam built in Missouri. It was designed in 1911 by Nils F. Ambursen. Powersite was the largest concrete buttress dam of its kind. The dam is still privately owned by the Empire District Electric Company.

In July 2015 the dam was damaged due to heavy flooding. The water levels in Lake Taneycomo had to be lowered to allow for inspection and repairs. 

Louise Françoise de Bourbon, Duchess of Bourbon

Louise Françoise de Bourbon (1 June 1673 – 16 June 1743) was an illegitimate daughter of King Louis XIV of France and his famous mistress Madame de Montespan. Her marriage to a prince of the blood in 1685 caused great scandal and she had an open rivalry with her older sister Françoise Marie, Duchess of Orléans. She was also responsible for the construction of the "Palais Bourbon" in Paris which is today used by the French National government. She had a very close relationship with her older half-brother the "Grand Dauphin". Several of her children were thought to be illegitimate as, for a majority of her marriage she was having an affair with the Prince of Conti. Even when her husband succeeded to the Condé title the young princess was always known as Madame la Duchesse or the Duchess of Bourbon.

Louise Françoise was born on 1 June 1673 at Tournai. She was the daughter of King Louis XIV of France and his mistress, Madame de Montespan. 

On 25 May 1685, at the age of eleven, Louise Françoise was married to Louis de Bourbon, Duke of Bourbon, a distant sixteen-year old cousin of her father, King Louis XIV of France.

The king gave his daughter a large marriage dowry of one million French livres (old French currency) upon her marriage. Louise Françoise and her husband eventually had nine children. All of them survived into adulthood. Her marriage was generally not happy, and her and her husband both had love affairs.

Louise Françoise was very close to her half-brother Louis, Grand Dauphin and was apart of the "cabale de Meudon", a group centred on her half-brother.

Louise Françoise died on 16 June 1743 at her own home, the Palais Bourbon, in Paris, France, at the age of seventy. Her husband, Louis de Bourbon, died before her in 1710.


White River (Arkansas)

The White River is a 722-mile (1,162-km) long river that flows through the U.S. states of Arkansas and Missouri.

The source of the White River is in the Boston Mountains of northwest Arkansas, in the Ozark–St. Francis National Forest southeast of Fayetteville. The river flows northwards from its source in northwest Arkansas. It loops up through southwest Missouri into Table Rock Lake at Branson, Missouri. In Branson the river enters Lake Taneycomo, controlled by the Powersite Dam. The Powersite was the first dam on the White River. The flow continues downstream into Bull Shoals Lake. From there it travels back into Arkansas, and then heads generally southeast to where it flows into the Mississippi River. Despite being much shorter than the Arkansas River, it carries nearly as much water—normally more than , and occasionally more than during floods.

Lake Taneycomo was created in 1913 when the Empire District Electric Company built a dam just south of Forsyth, Missouri. Beaver Lake, Table Rock Lake, and Bull Shoals Lake are man-made lakes or reservoirs created by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. This was under the authority of the Flood Control Act of 1938. A total of eight dams restrict the upper White River. Six are in Arkansas and two in Missouri. The White River National Wildlife Refuge lies along the lower part of the river. None of the original White River remains in Missouri. It has been replaced by a series of dams that flooded it's valleys. The White River was once known as one of the best Smallmouth bass fisheries in the world. Smallmouth still inhabit the impoundments but trout have replaced the smallmouth in much of the river, as the dams release much colder water.

The tributaries of the White River include Cache River, Bayou des Arc, Little Red River, Black River, North Fork River, Buffalo River, Kings River, James River, and Roaring River. Some cities that lie on the White River are Newport, Augusta, Calico Rock, and Batesville, all in Arkansas, as well as Branson and Hollister in Missouri.

Fishing for trout is popular in the upper portions of the river. This ranges from the Beaver Lake tailwaters in northwestern Arkansas, through its course through southwest Missouri(including all of Lake Taneycomo), and back down through Arkansas. This is to the Highway 58 bridge in Guion. The river has long been ranked one of the top trout fisheries in the United States. Fishing is popular in these waters for a number of trout species including rainbow, brown, and cutthroat trout. A number of trout fishing resorts lie on the tailwaters of Bull Shoals Lake and the North Fork River. Fishing for white bass is also popular in these waters.

Taney County, Missouri

Taney County is a county in southwestern Missouri. As of the 2020 census, the population was 56,066. Its county seat is Forsyth. The county was officially organized on January 4, 1837. It was named in honor of Roger Brooke Taney, the fifth Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court, most remembered for later delivering the majority opinion in "Dred Scott v. Sandford."

Taney County includes the popular tourist destination city of Branson. It is included in the Branson, MO micropolitan statistical area and is also included in the Springfield-Branson, MO metropolitan statistical area. With a wide range of live music shows, restaurants and shopping locations, Taney County also has Table Rock, Taneycomo and Bull Shoals Lakes. Another attraction is the Mark Twain National Forest.

Robin Roberts

Robin René Roberts (born November 23, 1960) is an American television news reporter. She reports on Good Morning America from the ABC News. She became the co-anchor in 2005. Roberts also worked for ESPN for 15 years. She was inducted into the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame in 2012.

Roberts was born in Tuskegee, Alabama.

In 2007, Roberts said she had breast cancer.

On 2012, she said that she had a bone marrow disease called myelodysplastic syndrome. She left "Good Morning America" for a while to get bone marrow transplants and returned on February 20, 2013.

In December 2013, Roberts announced she was a lesbian. She married massage therapist Amber Laign in September 2023.

Forsyth, Missouri

Forsyth is a city in Taney County, Missouri, United States. The population was 2,730 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Taney County. It was incorporated as a village on 15 December 1890. Forsyth is located on what was the White River, now Lake Taneycomo.

At the beginning of the American Civil War, Forsyth was occupied by Confederate forces. On 22 July 1861, Brigadier General Sweeney and 1,200 Union troops with artillery forced the Rebels out. Rebel forces withdrew from Forsyth but returned as soon as the Union troops left. In January 1863, the Union Army moved back into Forsyth, where they remained for several months. It took the ferry on the White River eight days to carry all the troops, supplies, horses and wagons across the river. Because of the Confederate threat, Union troops used logs from the town's houses to fortify their defenses. On 22 April 1863 Union forces left Forsyth, but set the town on fire to make sure that their fortifications did not fall into Rebel hands. When the fires died out all that remained of Forsyth was the burned-out shell of the big brick courthouse. The courthouse was eventually rebuilt. On 19 December 1885 the courthouse was totally destroyed along with all official records of the county and those of the only county newspaper. A new Taney County courthouse would not be constructed until 1890. On 15 December 1890 the village of Forsyth was incorporated. On 4 November 1891 the county court leased a room in the new courthouse to the first bank in Taney County, the new Taney County Bank, for the sum of $2.00 per month. 

In the late 1940s plans were being made in Washington, D.C. that would directly affect Forsyth. A dam (Bull Shoals) was to be built on the White River, approximately 80 miles below Forsyth. Two choices were left for the town; it could move to a new location or cease to exist. The city limits of Forsyth were extended 2 miles west of the old town site (now called Shadow Rock Park) to an area that had once been a golf course. In the early 1950s the town of Forsyth was moved to this location.

United States Army Corps of Engineers

The United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE, also sometimes shortened to CoE) is a U.S. federal agency under the Department of Defense. It is a major Army command made up of some 36,500 civilian and military personnel. Although generally associated with dams, canals and Flood control in the United States, USACE is involved in a wide range of public works throughout the world. The Corps of Engineers provides outdoor recreation opportunities to the public, and provides 24% of U.S. hydropower capacity.

The Corps' mission is to "Deliver vital public and military engineering services; partnering in peace and war to strengthen our Nation’s security, energize the economy and reduce risks from disasters".

Their most visible missions include:


The Corps' vision is "Engineering solutions for our Nation’s toughest challenges". During the American Civil War, the functions of the Corps of Topographical Engineers were merged into the Army Corps of Engineers.

Shanna Moakler

Shanna Lynn Moakler (born March 28, 1975) is an American model, actress, and former beauty queen. She won Miss New York USA in 1995. She became Miss USA when Chelsi Smith won Miss Universe. Moakler was the Playmate of the Month for "Playboy" in December 2001.

Moakler was born in Providence, Rhode Island.

Breaux Bridge, Louisiana

Breaux Bridge is a city in south central Louisiana. It is near Lafayette. At the 2020 census, 7,513 people lived there.

Lem Johns

Thomas Lemuel "Lem" Johns (December 11, 1925–May 10, 2014) was an American civil servant. He was member of the United States Secret Service. He was present during the Assassination of John F. Kennedy and the First inauguration of Lyndon B. Johnson. 

He was born in Birmingham, Alabama. Johns studied at University of Alabama and later graduated from Howard College (now Samford University). He served in World War II. Johns died in Hoover, Alabama on May 10, 2014.

Smallmouth bass

The smallmouth bass ("Micropterus dolomieu") is a species of freshwater fish. They are in the sunfish family (Centrarchidae) of the order Perciformes. It is the type species of its genus. One of the black basses, it is a popular game fish sought by anglers throughout the temperate zones of North America. they have been spread by stocking to many cool-water tributaries and lakes in Canada and the United States. The smallmouth bass is native to the upper and middle Mississippi River basin, the Saint Lawrence River–Great Lakes system, and up into the Hudson Bay basin. Its common names include smallmouth, bronzeback, brown bass, brownie, smallie, bronze bass, and bareback bass.

The smallmouth bass is generally brown (seldom yellow) with red eyes, and dark brown vertical bands. There are 13–15 soft rays in the dorsal fin. The upper jaw of smallmouth bass extends to the middle of the eye. Males are generally smaller than females. The males tend to weigh around two pounds. Females can range from three to six pounds. Their average sizes can differ, depending on where they are found. Those found in American waters tend to be larger due to the longer summers, which allow them to eat and grow for a longer period of time. Their habitat plays a significant role in their color, weight, and shape. Smallmouth that live in dark water (such as rivers) tend to be rather torpedo-shaped and very dark brown. Smallmouth bass that live in sandy areas of lakes, tend to be a light yellow-brown and are more oval-shaped.

The smallmouth bass is found in clearer water than the largemouth, especially streams, rivers. They also prefer rocky areas, stumps, and also sandy bottoms of lakes and reservoirs. Smallmouth prefer cooler water temperatures than its cousin the Largemouth bass, and may be found in both still and moving water. Because it does not like pollution, the smallmouth bass is a good natural indicator of a healthy environment. Carnivorous, its diet comprises crayfish, insects, and smaller fish. Smallmouth fry feed on zooplankton and other aquatic life. But they will readily feed on their smaller siblings. 

The female lays from 1,000 to 6,000 eggs per pound of her body weight. The male creates a nest, usually in deeper water than the largemouth and larger than that of the largemouth. He then guards it chasing off the female so other females can lay their eggs in his nest. The fry hatch in a day or two, depending on water temperature. From that point they are on their own and leave the nest area quickly.

In the United States, smallmouth bass were first introduced outside of their native range with the construction of the Erie Canal in 1825, extending the fish's range into central New York state. During the mid-to-late 19th century, smallmouth were transplanted via the nation's rail system to lakes and rivers throughout the northern and western United States, as far as California. Shippers found that smallmouth bass were a hardy species that could be transported in buckets or barrels by rail, sometimes using the spigots from the railroad water tanks to aerate the fingerlings. They were introduced east of the Appalachians just before the Civil War, and afterwards transplanted to the states of New England.

With increased industrialization and development, many of the nation's eastern trout rivers were nasty, polluted, or allowed to silt up, raising water temperatures and killing off the native brook trout. Smallmouth bass were often introduced to northern rivers now too warm for native trout, and slowly became a popular game fish with many anglers. Equally adaptable to large, cool-water impoundments and reservoirs, the smallmouth also spread far beyond its original native range. Later, smallmouth populations also began to decline after years of damage caused by pollution. They were also affected by the loss of river habitat caused by damming many formerly wild rivers to form lakes or reservoirs. In recent years, a renewed emphasis on preserving water quality and riparian habitat in the nation's rivers and lakes, together with stricter management practices, eventually benefited smallmouth populations. and has caused a resurgence in their popularity with anglers.

Today, smallmouth bass are very popular game fish. They attract anglers using conventional as well as fly fishing tackle. The smallmouth bass is one of the toughest fighting freshwater fish in North America. In addition to wild populations, the smallmouth bass is stocked in cool rivers and lakes throughout Canada and the United States. In shallow streams, it is a wary fish, though usually not to the extent of most trout. The smallmouth is highly regarded for its topwater fighting ability when hooked. Old fishing journals referred to the smallmouth bass as "ounce for ounce and pound for pound the gamest fish that swims". Smallmouth bass are taken for the table, with filets of white, firm flesh when cooked. Today, many fishermen practice catch and release fishing to improve fish populations.

The current all-tackle world record for a smallmouth bass is 11 lb 15 oz, caught by David Hayes in the Dale Hollow Reservoir, on the Kentucky/Tennessee border, in 1955.

In conventional fishing, smallmouth may be successfully caught on a wide range of natural and artificial baits or lures. These include crankbaits, hair jigs, plastic jerkbaits, spinnerbaits, and all types of soft plastic lures, including curly tail grubs or tubes with lead head jigs. They may also be caught with a fly rod using a dry or wet artificial fly, nymphs, streamers, or imitations of larger aquatic creatures, such as hellgrammites, crawfish, or leeches. Floating topwater popper fly patterns and buzz baits are also popular for smallmouth fishing.
For river fishing, spinning tackle or fly tackle is usually the most popular angling tools for smallmouth in North America.

General Electric Theater

General Electric Theater is an American anthology series. It was hosted by Ronald Reagan. It was broadcast on CBS radio and television. The series was sponsored by General Electric's Department of Public Relations. It ran from 1953 to 1962.

Ali Landry

Ali Germaine Landry (born July 21, 1973) is an American actress and former Miss USA. She is also a model. She was the Doritos girl in television commercials. She won the Miss USA pageant in 1996.

Landry was born in Breaux Bridge, Louisiana.

Arik Einstein

Arieh "Arik" Einstein (January 3, 1939 – November 26, 2013) was a popular Israel singer, songwriter, actor, and screenwriter. Einstein was born in Tel Aviv, Mandatory Palestine. 

On 26 November 2013 in Tel Aviv, Israel, Einstein died age 74 after a ruptured thoracic aortic aneurysm.

Missouri Department of Conservation

The Missouri Department of Conservation (MDC) and the Missouri Conservation Commission were created by Article IV, Sections 40-42 of the Missouri Constitution. The article was adopted by the voters of the state in 1936 as Amendment 4 to the constitution. The Commission is responsible for control, management, conservation, and regulation of fish, forest, and wildlife resources of the state. The Department of Conservation owns and oversees hatcheries, sanctuaries, refuges, and reservations. They also enforces the state wildlife code. The Commission consists of four individuals appointed by the governor of the state to serve unpaid 6-year terms. No more than two of the individuals may be from the same political party.


Martin Špegelj

Martin Špegelj (11 November 1927 – 11 May 2014) was a Croatian politician. He was the second Defense Minister of Croatia and the chief of staff of the Croatian army and inspector-general of the army. 

Špegelj died from unknown causes in Zagreb, Croatia, aged 87.

Primrose, Wisconsin

Primrose is a town in Dane County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 682 at the 2000 census.

Miracle fruit

The miracle fruit is the berry of Synsepalum dulcificum, a plant from West Africa. The chemical produced by the fruit makes other food taste sweet. This chemical is called miraculin. Miraculin is a glycoprotein molecule, with some trailing carbohydrate chains.

The berry has a low sugar content and a mildly sweet taste. When the fruit is eaten, miraculin binds to the tongue's taste buds, causing sour foods to taste sweet. At neutral pH, miraculin binds and blocks the receptors, but at low pH (after eating sour food) miraculin binds protons and activates the sweet receptors. This is what causes the sweet taste. This effect lasts until the protein is washed away by saliva (up to about 60 minutes).

Miraculin is now being produced by transgenic tomato plants.

Branson, Missouri

Branson is a city in Stone and Taney Counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. Branson is in the Ozark Mountains. The community was named after Reuben Branson, postmaster and operator of a general store in the area in the 1880s. Branson has long been a popular destination for vacationers from Missouri and neighboring areas. The collection of entertainment theaters along 76 Country Boulevard (and to a lesser extent along Shepherd of the Hills Expressway) has increased Branson's popularity as a tourist destination. Branson now draws visitors from all regions of the United States, mostly by car or bus. The population was 12,638 at the 2020 census. Branson was formally incorporated in 1912, shortly before construction of the Powersite Dam nearby on the White River which would form Lake Taneycomo was completed.

Thyroid-stimulating hormone

Thyroid-stimulating hormone (also known as thyrotropin, or TSH) is a hormone which stimulates the thyroid gland. 
The thyroid gland secretes thyroid hormones, which control how fast the body's chemical functions go (the metabolic rate). Thyroid hormones influence the metabolic rate in two ways: by stimulating almost every tissue in the body to produce proteins and by increasing the amount of oxygen that cells use. Thyroid hormones affect many vital body functions.

Thyrotropin is a glycoprotein hormone synthesized and secreted by thyrotrope cells in the anterior pituitary gland, which adjusts the endocrine function of the thyroid gland.


Table Rock State Park (Missouri)

Table Rock State Park is a state park in the US state of Missouri. It consists of located in Taney County and Stone County on Table Rock Lake. The park offers a marina, two campgrounds, a mountain bike trail, scuba diving, picnic areas and shelters.


Banbhore Division

Banbhore Division (Urdu:دوسوں بنبهور) is the sixth administrative division of Sindh province in Pakistan. It is also called ′′Thatta Division′′ or "Bhambore Division".

Sarat Pujari

Sarat Pujari (8 August 1934 – 12 May 2014) was an Indian movie actor, director and producer. He is known for his roles in "Jiban Sathi", "Tapoi", "Bhukha", "Drusti", and in "Shesha Drushti". He was born in Nayagarh, Odisha.

On May 12, 2014, Pujari died from a heart attack at his house in Bhubaneshwar. He is survived by his wife, two daughters and two sons.

Roseau, Minnesota

Roseau is a city and county seat of Roseau County, Minnesota, United States. Its population was 2,744 at the 2020 census. Its motto is "Feels Like Home" 

Fish hatchery

A fish hatchery is where fish are hatched and cared for, usually to be released in natural waters (rivers, lakes, etc.). They may also be transferred to Fish farms and raised for food. Fish hatcheries and farms (also called aquaculture) are either commercial or run by a state, province, or country. Some species that are commonly raised in hatcheries include Pacific oysters, shrimp, prawns, salmon, tilapia and scallops. In the United States in particular, many species of game fish are raised in hatcheries. These include black bass, trout, walleye, Northern pike, and Muskellunge.

The value of global aquaculture production is estimated to be US$98.4 billion in 2008 with China significantly dominating the market. However, the value of aquaculture hatchery and nursery production has yet to be estimated. 

Histamine

Histamine is an organic nitrogenous compound involved in local immune responses. It also regulates physiological function in the gut, and acts as a neurotransmitter. Histamine is involved in the inflammatory response, where tissues get red, swollen and painful.

As part of an immune response to foreign pathogens, histamine is produced by basophils and by mast cells found in nearby connective tissues. Histamine increases the permeability of the capillaries to white blood cells and some proteins. The cells get through the walls of the tiny blood vessels to get at pathogens in the infected tissues.

Histamine in water exists as two tautomers in equilibrium, differing by the position of the hydrogen atom:

Liraglutide

Liraglutide (marketed with brand name Victoza) is a Type 2 diabetes medication. It is a long-acting glucagon like peptide-1 agonist. It was approved by the Food and Drug Administration in early 2010.

This medication is a once daily treatment of Type 2 diabetes.

Game fish

Game fish are fish that are popular to catch for sport by fishermen (anglers). They can be freshwater fish or saltwater fish. Game fish can be eaten after being caught, though increasingly anglers practice catch and release to improve fish populations. Some game fish are also caught commercially, for example salmon.

White House Plumbers

The White House Plumbers, sometimes simply called the Plumbers, were a secret White House group led by G. Gordon Liddy. They were established July 24, 1971, during the presidency of Richard Nixon. Its task was to find out who was giving out classified information, such as the "Pentagon Papers", to the news media. They began using illegal methods while working for the Committee to Re-elect the President. This included the infamous Watergate break-in and the Watergate scandal that followed.

Catch and release

Catch and release is a practice in sport fishing for conservation of the various species. Once caught, the fisherman carefully and quickly removes the hook from the fish's mouth. Then, without causing any harm, returns the fish alive to the water. Weighing and measuring of the fish, if done, are often done in the water. Using barbless hooks, it is often possible to release the fish without removing it from the water (a slack line is frequently sufficient).

Catch and release is an ethical decision by fishermen but it is not for every situation. the fish, for example, is an invasive species. It is illegal in many places to return them to the water. The Muskellunge is a highly prized game fish in many places. But, in a few places it is seen also as an invasive species and should not be returned to the water. 

Debates continue over the practice of catch and release. In Canada, many First Nations peoples feel strongly that fish should only be taken as needed for food. That "playing with the fish" is not showing proper respect. Sportsmen point out that catch and release is respectful since they take only what they need and release the rest. 

Animal protection advocates have raised concerns about the possible suffering of fish caused by angling. A fish hooked in the gills or stomach usually has a very high Mortality rate. Hooks with no barbs or using hooks that dissolve in a short time (and are not removed from the fish) minimize harm to fish. But catch and release exposes a fish to being caught several times by multiple fishermen. Handling a fish several times may not be good resource management or humane. 

Even sportsmen have raised concerns over catch and release. The argument is that once caught, a fish is no longer wild. Who would want to catch the same trout others have caught? 

But the practice remains popular among many fishermen and among fish and game department biologists. Those in favor of catch and release quote Lee Wulff: "A trout is too valuable to be caught only once." Studies on the mortality of released fish shows a very low rate of from 2 to 5 percent—when caught on artificial lures. When using live bait, the mortality rate is about 50 percent. This indicates that using artificial bait is a strong part of catch and release.

Here I Come Falling

Here I Come Falling is an American metalcore band formed in 2005.


Jules Mutebusi

Jules Mutebusi (c. 1960 – 9 May 2014) was a Congolese military person. He was a former rebel leader. He has been often described as a Rwandan proxy. Mutebusi was captured in 2004 and was put on trial for treason. He was soon sentenced to exile. He remained in exile until he died in 2014.

Mutebusi died in a Kigali hospital from an illness, aged 54.

Butterfield, Texas

Butterfield is a census-designated place (CDP) in El Paso County, Texas, United States. The population was 100 at the 2020 census.

Largemouth bass

The largemouth bass is a freshwater game fish in the sunfish family, a species of black bass native to North America. It is also known by a variety of regional names, such as the brown bass, widemouth bass, bigmouth bass, black bass, bucketmouth, Potter's fish, Florida bass, Florida largemouth, green bass, green trout, gilsdorf bass, linesides, Oswego bass, southern largemouth and northern largemouth. But, it is not a member of the bass family but actually a member of the Sunfish family. The largemouth bass is the state fish of Alabama (official freshwater fish), Georgia, Mississippi, Florida (state freshwater fish), and Tennessee (official sport fish).

The largemouth is an olive green fish, marked by a series of dark, sometimes black, forming a jagged horizontal stripe along each side. The upper jaw (maxilla) of a largemouth bass extends beyond the rear margin of the eye. In comparison to age, a female bass is larger than a male. The largemouth is the largest of the black basses. The largest reached a maximum recorded overall length of and a maximum unofficial weight of . The fish lives 16 years on average.

The juvenile largemouth bass eats mostly small bait fish, scuds, small shrimp, and insects. At about a year of age they become cannibalistic, eating other largemouths their size or smaller. As they mature they no longer consume their own kind. Adults consume smaller fish such as gizzard shad, fathead minnows and bluegills. These are swallowed head first. crustaceans such as crayfish are swallowed tail first. Largemouths can consume other fish up to 50% of their own length. sunfish and crustacean they eat tend to be no more than 35% of their own length. They will eat almost anything they can find in the water—snakes, mice, young waterfowl, birds and shrimp.

In larger lakes and reservoirs, adult bass occupy deeper water than younger fish. They shift to a diet consisting almost entirely of smaller fish like shad, yellow perch, ciscoes, shiners, and sunfish. Largemouth also consume younger members of larger fish species, such as pike, catfish, trout, walleye, white bass, and striped bass. The largemouth bass uses its senses of hearing, sight, vibration, and smell to attack and seize its prey. Adult largemouth are generally apex predators within their habitat, but they are preyed upon by many animals while young.

Largemouth bass are widely sought after by anglers and are noted for the excitement of their fight. The fish will often jump out of the water in their effort to throw the Fishing hook. Anglers most often fish for largemouth bass with lures such as plastic worms (and other plastic baits), jigs, crankbaits and spinnerbaits. A recent trend is the use of large swimbaits to target trophy bass. Live bait, such as nightcrawlers, minnows, frogs, or crawfish can also be productive. Many bass anglers practice catch and release, especially the larger specimens. This is because larger specimens are usually breeding females that contribute heavily to future sport fishing stocks. Largemouth bass, if handled with care, respond well to catch and release.

The world all-tackle record largemouth bass was caught by George Perry in Montgomery Lake in Georgia in 1932. It weighed 22 pounds and 4 ounces. In 2009 a 22-pound, 4.97 ounce largemouth was caught in Japan by Manabu Kurita. By International Game Fish Association (IFGA) rules, a record fish of under 25 pounds must beat the previous record by 2 ounces or more to be a new record. The IFGA considers the two fish to share the current world record. However, the largemouth caught by George Perry in 1932 still holds the Georgia state record.

Fast &amp; Furious 6

Fast & Furious 6 is a 2013 action-thriller movie. This movie is about a professional criminal gang who retired after an earlier bank heist. Dwayne Johnson plays Hobbs. Paul Walker plays Brian.

The movie grossed almost $790 million worldwide.


Megazostrodon

Megazostrodon is an early proto-mammal, discovered in Lesotho, southern Africa.

It is one of the first mammals, and appeared in the fossil record about 200/205 million years ago (mya). It did have some non-mammalian characteristics, but overall this animal, and "Morganucodon", probably show the final stage of the transition between the cynodonts and true mammals.

It is thought that the animal was nocturnal as it had a relatively much larger brain than its cynodont relatives, and the enlarged areas of its brain were found to be those which process sounds and smells.

Nocturnal activity in an animal of this size virtually requires an increased internal production of heat.
From their size and teeth, "Megastrozodon" were probably insectivores, as were all its relatives at the time. Their small size suggests some kind of temperature regulation, which in turn suggests insulation in the form of fur.

The night-time behaviour and insectivorous habits gave these early mammals a niche which did not compete with the reptiles.

These early mammals developed many traits which made them well-suited for an active lifestyle. They developed four types of teeth. There is evidence that the inward-closing movement of the mandible suggests a shearing action to chew food. Their skeletons changed so that their limbs were more flexible (they became less laterally splayed, allowing for faster forward motion) and they developed a shorter ribcage and larger lungs to allow for faster respiration. The structure of their jaw bones changed, the lower jaw becoming a single bone — the dentary. The other bones which once made up the jaw moved to the middle ear to create a hearing system.

Furious 7

Fast & Furious 7 is a 2015 American action-thriller movie. It is the seventh film in "The Fast and the Furious" media franchise series. Jordana Brewster plays Mia. Michelle Rodriguez plays Letty Ortiz. Vin Diesel plays Dominic Toretto. Paul Walker plays Brian O'Conner. Jason Statham plays Deckard Shaw.

The movie was released on April 3, 2015.


Fast Five

Fast Five is a 2011 American action movie directed by Justin Lin and written by Chris Morgan. It is the fifth installment in The Fast and the Furious franchise. It was released first in Australia on April 20, 2011, and then in the United States on April 29, 2011. Fast Five follows Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel), Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker), and Mia Toretto (Jordana Brewster) as they plan a heist to steal $100 million from corrupt businessman Hernan Reyes (Joaquim de Almeida) while being pursued for arrest by U.S. Diplomatic Security Service (DSS) agent Luke Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson).


City Island

City Island is a 2009 comedy-drama movie. It is about a dysfunctional family who has secrets. Emily Mortimer plays Molly. Julianna Margulies plays Joyce, Ezra Miller plays Vince Jr.

This movie got positive reviews from the critics.

Cop Out (movie)

Cop Out is a 2010 action and comedy movie. It is about two police officers who have been working nine years. When they fail to catch a man they think committed a crime, they are suspended without pay. Bruce Willis plays James. Rashida Jones plays Debbie Hodges.

The movie received bad reviews from critics. However, it got back $55 million against a $35 million budget.

Bangladesh–Thailand relations

Bangladesh–Thailand relations refer are foreign relations between Bangladesh and Thailand. Relations were established on 5 October 1972. Trade (buying and selling) relations between Bangladesh and Thailand grow stronger with each passing year, particularly product relations. Thailand, as a more developed country, sees many Bengali students coming over to study the sciences.

All Good Things

All Good Things is a 2010 American crime movie. The movie is set in 1970s New York City. A couple leaves the city to live in Vermont. They later move back to New York. Kirsten Dunst plays Katie. Kristen Wiig plays Lauren.

This movie was released in December 2010.

Knight and Day

Knight and Day is a 2010 American action comedy movie. Maggie Grace plays April. Cameron Diaz plays June.

This movie was released on June 23, 2010. The reviews were mixed. Its box office was also mixed.

Vector Laplacian

Pierre-Simon de Laplace used an operator in order to be able to model the movement of stars. This operator, later named Laplace operator, is used on functions of scalars. The Laplace operator, which is also called scalar Laplacian, applies to scalar fields and returns a scalar quantity. The Vector Laplacian applies to the vector fields and returns a vector quantity. When computed in rectangular Cartesian coordinates, the returned vector field is equal to the vector field of the scalar Laplacian applied on the individual elements. 

In physics, the Vector Laplacian is commonly used for the wave equations that are used to model electromagnetic fields. 

The Runaways

The Runaways were an American all-girl rock band. They were formed in Los Angeles in 1975 and split in 1979. They were not a major success in the United States. They were popular in some other countries Like Japan.

Their signature song was "Cherry Bomb".

Cherie Currie and Joan Jett were part of the group.

Cherie Currie

Cherie Ann Currie (born November 30, 1959) is an American musician, singer and actress. She was lead vocalist of The Runaways, a Los Angeles rock band from the 1970s. After that, she became a solo artist.

Cherie Currie was born in Encino, California.

Insulin aspart

Insulin aspart (sold as "Novolog" or "NovoRapid") is a fast-acting form of insulin. It is used to treat diabetes. It begins to work in minutes.

It was approved by the Food and Drug Administration in June 2000. It lets patients take the amount of the drug that they need, according to what they eat.

Maria Bethânia

Maria Bethânia Viana Teles Velloso (born June 18, 1946 in Santo Amaro da Purificação, Bahia), known by her stage name Maria Bethânia, is a Brazilian singer-songwriter. Her brother is the singer Caetano Veloso.

Her career began in 1965 after moving to Rio de Janeiro. She made her debut in the show "Opinião". The same year she signed a contract with RCA Records and released her first album: "Maria Bethãnia". In 1978 she was the first female singer in Brazil to have sold over a million CD's with her album: "Álibi".

In 47 years she has released over 50 albums. With over 26 millions in record sales she is one of most successful singers in Brazil.


Spotted bass

The spotted bass ("Micropterus punctulatus") also called the Kentucky Bass, is a freshwater game fish in the sunfish family. It is a species of black bass native to the lower and central Mississippi River basin in North America. It has been introduced into other U.S. states as far west as California. It has also been introduced into other countries. The spotted bass is often confused with the largemouth bass because it has the same coloring. But it is distinguished by having a smaller mouth than the largemouth. In size it is smaller than either the largemouth or smallmouth bass. In 1956 it became the official game fish of Kentucky. From that time on it was popularly called the Kentucky bass.

Currently there are three recognized subspecies of spotted bass.


In addition there are reports of hybrid spotted bass occurring naturally. This is between largemouth and spotted bass—the offspring of which are difficult to identify as either species.

The spotted bass is a fish with a slender body marked by black on its side. As the fish matures these become an irregular band. Their color ranges from a light green to light brown. Unlike the largemouth, the tongue of the spotted bass has a patch of teeth. Their gill covers also have a large dark spot on them. The Alabama spotted bass is distinguished by a dark spot on the tail in addition to the one on each gill cover. The Northern spotted bass has a tail spot, but the gill spot is not as distinct. The average size is four to five pounds. The IFGA world record is 10 pounds 4 ounces. 

Unlike the largemouth bass, the spotted bass seems to like current (moving water). They can tolerate warmer water than largemouths and do well in streams and rivers. They can also thrive in southern reservoirs that have gravel and rock bottoms. Like it's better known cousins, the spotted bass is carnivorous. It will eat prey from the bottom to the surface of the water. If available it will feed primarily on crayfish. It also preys on minnows, catfish, and insects.

At spawning the male makes from one to four nests and defends them until the females lay their eggs. Females lay fewer eggs than largemouth or smallmouth bass. But once the eggs are deposited in the nest, she will remain to help guard the nest for another day before leaving. The male then guards the nest(s) against Bluegills and other raiding fish. They continue to guard the fry after hatching. Unlike other black basses, spotted bass tend to group together and form schools. They are sometimes seen chasing schools of shad in open water.

Many spotted bass are caught by accident by fishermen seeking largemouth or smallmouth bass. They are found in streams and rivers like smallmouth, although they cannot tolerate water as cold. They also cannot tolerate the low oxygen saturation in warm water that largemouths can. Otherwise they live in the same waters. The spotted bass is a strong fighter, once hooked, much like the smallmouth. Unlike either of their cousins they do not tend to jump from the water. The same lures that attract other black bass also attract spotted bass. But their strong preference for crayfish makes any lure that resembles a crayfish very effective. In mid-summer, fishing in reservoirs, spotted bass can be as deep as 100 feet. Fishermen need to get their lures deep enough to attract the spotted bass.

The Pharcyde

The Pharcyde is an American hip hop group. They are known for their hit songs, including "Passin' Me By", "Runnin'" and "Drop". They had other songs as well.

The group is from Los Angeles.

Das EFX

Das EFX is an American hip hop duo. They became popular in the early 1990s because of their connection to the EPMD's Hit Squad.

Their hit songs include "They Want EFX". They appeared on "Check Yo Self" by rapper Ice Cube.

The group is from Brooklyn, New York.

Dean Malenko

Dean Simon (born August 4, 1960) is an American retired professional wrestler. He was best known under the ring name Dean Malenko. Malenko is currently signed to the All Elite Wrestling (AEW) as a senior producer. Malenko was known by the nicknames "The Man of 1,000 Holds" and "The Iceman" due to his technical wrestling ability and his cold and calculating demeanor. During his career, Malenko competed in Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), and in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). Although he was never able to win a World Championship, he was able to win many other different championships during his run.

On May 24, 2019, Malenko joined All Elite Wrestling (AEW) as a senior producer.

Malenko is Jewish, is married to his wife and has 3 children.

In 2019, Simon revealed that he had Parkinson's disease.



Fanboy and Chum Chum

Fanboy and Chum Chum is an American CGI animated television series. It is based on the short cartoon known simply as "Fanboy". This was from the 2007 Nickelodeon television series "Random! Cartoons". The series is about two young boys with wild imaginations. They love anything relating to superheroes and comic books. Each wears their own unique superhero costume that include underwear worn over their pants. The series was created by Eric Robles. It features a voice cast that includes David Hornsby, Nika Futterman, Jamie Kennedy, Josh Duhamel, Jeff Bennett, and Candi Milo. 

Its first show premiered on November 6, 2009. The second season premiered on April 25, 2011. Merchandise of the show was released to Toys "R" Us stores in August 2011. It went on hiatus from November 3, 2012 to July 11, 2014. The final episode premiered on July 12, 2014. The show is aired in reruns on Nickelodeon and Nicktoons to this day.


Aaron H. Bynum of "Animation Insider" called "Fanboy & Chum Chum" "a fun show that deserves a good look. The quality animation helps counterbalance the immense amount of dialogue from the series' chatty characters, and the sheer comedy of marginally competent comic-loving kids helps outweigh what might otherwise be a binge of geeky annoyance. But overall, "Fanboy & Chum Chum" is a lot of fun." "Variety" praised the series' "bright, energetic look and even an appealing premise in theory". David Hinckley of "NY Daily News" gave the series three stars out of five, and said that "it's good [but] might not be the next "SpongeBob"".

The series premiered on November 6, 2009, after the "SpongeBob SquarePants" film "Truth or Square". The broadcast ranked number three of cable programs that week and number two of the night. The premiere was watched by a total of 5.8 million viewers. The second episode was broadcast on November 7, 2009, and garnered 5.4 million viewers, ranking fifth of all cable broadcasts that week.

The third episode was broadcast a week later, on November 14, 2009, with 3.8 million viewers. A broadcast on November 28, 2009, was viewed by 3.9 million viewers. In February 2010, the episode "Moppy Dearest" was viewed by 4.27 million viewers, an improvement over the last few episodes.

A second season was announced on Nickelodeon's upfront of 2010–2011.

O.G. Original Gangster

O.G. Original Gangster is a 1991 studio album from Ice-T. This album was released May 14, 1991. Many people said it was his best record.

Many songs from this album sample other songs, including those from James Brown.

Malik Bendjelloul

Malik Bendjelloul (4 September 1977 – 13 May 2014) was a Swedish Academy Award-winning documentary filmmaker and former child actor. His movie "Searching for Sugar Man" won the 2013 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

Bendjelloul was born in Ystad to a Swedish mother and Algerian father.

Bendjelloul committed suicide in Solna on 13 May 2014, aged 36. At the time of death, he was suffering from depression.

H. R. Giger

Hans Rudolf "Ruedi" Giger (5 February 1940 – 12 May 2014) was a Swiss surrealist painter, sculptor and set designer. He was part of the special effects team that won an Academy Award for Best Achievement for Visual Effects for their design work on the movie "Alien". 

On 12 May 2014, Giger died at the age of 74 in a hospital in Zürich after having suffered injuries in a fall.

David Malet Armstrong

David Malet Armstrong (8 July 1926 – 13 May 2014), often D. M. Armstrong, was an Australian philosopher. He is well known for his work on metaphysics and the philosophy of mind, and for his defence of a factualist ontology. He was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2008.

Gary Anthony Williams

Gary Anthony Williams (born March 14, 1966) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for providing the voice of Uncle Ruckus in the Adult Swim series "The Boondocks" and is also the voice of Beta in the Disney Channel series "Hailey's On It!". He also stars in "Weeds" and "Boston Legal". Williams was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

Pro Wrestling Guerrilla

Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG) is a professional wrestling company founded in 2003 by Disco Machine, Excalibur, Joey Ryan, Scott Lost, Super Dragon and Top Gun Talwar. The headquarters are in Southern California and is run by the wrestlers themselves. They are known for their mix of humor and professional wrestling. They also use this for their press releases and show titles, such as ""Kee_ The _ee Out Of Our _ool!"", ""Taste the Radness"" and ""Free Admission (Just Kidding)"."


IPad (4th generation)

The fourth generation iPad (sold as iPad with Retina display, sometimes called the iPad 4) is a tablet computer that is made and sold by Apple Inc. The fourth generation iPad kept the same Retina display as the last generation, but added some new features such as the Apple A6X chip, and the Lightning connector, which replaced the 30-pin dock connector. It was shipped with iOS 6, but can run the latest version of iOS, which is iOS 8.

The fourth generation iPad was announced on October 16, 2012 at a media event that was held at the California Theatre in San Jose, California. It was available for pre-order online in several countries on October 26. The Wi-Fi version of the device went on sale in several countries on November 2, 2012. The cellular model went on sale a few weeks later.
On January 29, 2013, Apple announced a 128 GB version of the 4th generation iPad. It went on sale on February 5, 2013.
After the iPad Air was announced on October 22, 2013, the 4th generation iPad was discontinued. It was brought back on March 18, 2014, after the iPad 2 was discontinued.

The fourth generation iPad shipped with iOS 6.1. It can act as a hotspot, meaning that it can share its internet connection over Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, or USB. It can also access the App Store, where users can buy and install applications for their device.

Global Force Wrestling

Global Force Wrestling LLC (GFW) is a professional wrestling company founded on April 7, 2014 by Jeff Jarrett. The television product for the promotion will be produced by 25/7 Productions and Dave Broome, creator of NBC's The Biggest Loser. Global Force Wrestling has a working relationship with the Mexican Asistencia Asesoría y Administración (AAA) professional wrestling promotion. 

On June 21, 2014, GFW and New Japan Pro Wrestling both announced that they had a working relationship with each other.


Tochōmae Station

Tochōmae Station is a railway station in the Shinjuku wards in Tokyo, Japan.



Kodkod

The kodkod ("Leopardus guigna") is the smallest cat in the Americas, found in Chile and Argentina. It is sometimes called the güiña. They are closely related to the other small cats of South America, such as the Ocelot and the Margay.

Kodkods live in mixed temperate rainforests of the southern Andes. They also live in the coastal forests of Chile, which have bamboo in the understory of the forest. They prefer evergreen temperate rainforests. They are tolerant of altered habitats, and are found in secondary forest and shrub as well as primary forest, and on the fringes of settled and cultivated areas.

Kodkods are active during the day and night, but they only go into open ground under the cover of darkness. During the day, they rest in dense vegetation in ravines, along streams with heavy cover. They are excellent climbers, and easily able to climb trees more than a meter in diameter. They are terrestrial predators of birds, lizards and rodents in the ravines and forested areas.

Male kodkods maintain exclusive territories in size, while females occupy smaller ranges of just .

Sakharpa

Sakharpa is a small village in the Ratnagiri district of the state of Maharashtra, India. It is on the of a river named "Kajlali". Sakharpa is about from Devrukh which is its taluka headquarters. The national highway NH 166 runs through this village. Sahyadri College Of Arts & Commerce is located here.

<br>

Vintage clothing

The term vintage clothing means clothing from a previous time.

Second inauguration of Bill Clinton

The second inauguration of Bill Clinton as the 42nd president of the United States, took place on January 20, 1997. It was the last inauguration of a president in the 20th century. 

Reverend Billy Graham gave an invocation to start the ceremony followed by the Pledge of Allegiance. Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States Ruth Bader Ginsburg gave the oath to office for Vice President Al Gore. Jessye Norman, the famed Georgian opera singer, then serenaded the crowd with a medley of patriotic songs. After the performance, surrounded by members of Congress dignitaries, Justices of the Supreme Court, family, and friends, Bill Clinton stood next to his daughter while his wife held the Bible. The oath to office was administered by Chief Justice William Rehnquist at 12:05 pm. The oath was ended with the traditional words, “So help me God.” The National Anthem was sung and then Arkansas poet Miller Williams read “Of History and Hope,” a poem he wrote for the event. President Clinton's speech followed. The was celebrated that night by 14 different official galas held in honour of the President and First Lady.

January 20, 1997 was also Martin Luther King, Jr. Day. The President's speech spoke about Dr. King and his legacy as a champion of African-American rights and freedoms during the civil rights era. A meal was eaten after the oath was taken at the Capitol's Statutory Hall that was based on traditional recipes from President Thomas Jefferson's era.


Margay

The Margay ("Leopardus wiedii") is a spotted cat native to the Americas. It is a solitary and nocturnal animal which prefers remote parts of the rainforest.

The margay is mostly nocturnal. It eats small mammals (sometimes including monkeys), birds, eggs, lizards and tree frogs. The margay is able to hunt its prey entirely in trees. However, they do sometimes hunt on the ground, and have been reported to eat cane rats and guinea pigs.

There is a report of a margay using sound mimicry to lure a prey. A margay was seen to imitate the call of an infant pied tamarin while in the presence of a group of adult tamarins. This caused the adults to investigate. Although the margay was not successful in catching a monkey, this was the first observation of a Neotropical predator using this type of mimicry.

Margays are mainly nocturnal, but they do sometimes hunt during the day. They prefer to spend most of their life in the trees, but also travel across the ground, especially when moving between hunting areas. During the day, they rest in safe branches or clumps of lianas.

Like most cats, they are solitary: the adults usually meet only to mate. They have large home ranges of . They use scent to mark their territory (urine spraying) and leave scratch marks on the ground or on branches. Their vocalisations are short range: they do not call to each other over long distances.

The margay is one of only two cat species with ankles flexible enough to climb head-first down trees. The other is the clouded leopard; the little-studied marbled cat may also have this ability.

The margay is very agile; its ankles can turn up to 180 degrees, it can grasp branches equally well with its fore and hind paws, and it is able to jump up to horizontally. The margay has been seen to hang from branches with only one foot, and can run upside down beneath branches.

Although once thought to be vulnerable to extinction, the IUCN now lists it as only "near threatened". It roams the rainforests from Mexico to Argentina. Actually, it is a successful and widespread species. It has ten subspecies over a large geographical range from Mexico to Argentina. Its past range even included the southern United States.

They are hunted mainly for their fur and this has resulted in a large population decrease - around 14,000 are killed a year. They also suffer from a loss of habitat, which is also a significant part of this decline.

Oasis, Missouri

Oasis was a village in Taney County, Missouri, in the Ozark Mountains. Originally it was named Cedar Valley. Oasis currently rests under 100 feet of water near the bottom of Table Rock Lake. The underwater village is a popular technical dive for scuba divers.

Oasis was a small outpost located on Long Creek south of Branson, Missouri. It had dirt roads and fewer than 10 buildings in the whole village. Oasis also had a three story mill with a mill dam, and a general store. The store was also the local polling place for the surrounding community.

The village was originally named Cedar Valley. Is not certain when the name was changed to Oasis. But the name Oasis reflected the picturesque ("pretty as a picture") scene of a small farming community. In 1935 Oasis had all of 21 residents. From the big red mill there were roads going south into Arkansas. Other roads went north into other parts of Missouri. Originally Long creek had two fords nearby. Taney county built a bridge near the mill at a cost of several thousand dollars. But the bridge didn't go anywhere. One end had no access road. The other end was built up against a steep hill. There were no funds to build a road to the bridge. Nor were there funds to blast out a road from the rock on the other side. So it remained unused for 10 years, until the roads were finally built. The one-lane bridge was connected to Highway 86.

In the 1930s and 1940s, the idea came up to dam the White River (Arkansas). This was to generate hydroelectric power. The reservoir created by the dam would serve also for flood control on the White River. The dam was authorized under the Flood Control Act of 1941. But World War II and the Korean War delayed construction until 1954. Construction on the Table Rock dam was completed in 1958. It created an impoundment that flooded nearly 79 miles of the White River. It created a lake of over 50,000 acres. Oasis now sits under 100 feet (30m) of water. The church, mill, and other buildings were covered by the lake. The church cemetery was moved to the new Cedar Valley Church on U.S. Route 65.

Advanced divers can dive down to Oasis and swim up and down the main street. Parts of the old wood church are still there as are foundations of several buildings. While Table Rock is deep, it is not murky like typical lakes. Underwater visibility is good, making scuba diving a popular sport in the lake.
Table Rock State Park has a Dive shop at the marina. Table Rock is also used for dive training by over 15 area dive shops. Other attractions in the lake include the 'Enchanted Forest', a forest of submerged oak trees full of very large bass. There are shipwrecks that are frequently dived on. One is the 'General Pike', a barge used for staging passengers for the Zebulon Pike a popular dinner cruise boat in the 70s and 80s, currently dry docked behind the Bass Pro Shops warehouse in Nixa, Mo. Not far from the dock of the Branson Belle, lies a 40-foot (12 m) cruiser. There are numerous smaller wrecks throughout the lake. Classes for search and recovery divers are also held here.


Goodmayes

Goodmayes is a district in North East London, England. It is a suburban development in the London Borough of Redbridge and forms part of the Ilford post town, situated approximately two miles to the east of Ilford town centre. Historically part of Essex, it was part of the Municipal Borough of Ilford until 1965 when it was incorporated into Greater London.

General store

A general store, (also called a general merchandise store, general dealer or village shop) is a rural or small town store that carries a very general selection of merchandise. The store is often a small space. It is where people from the town and surrounding rural areas come to purchase staple food items such as milk and bread. Also the various other goods, dry goods and hardware homes and farms might need. It sometimes served as a village or town meeting place where neighbors exchanged news and gossip. The concept of the general store is very old, and although some still exist, there are far fewer than there once were, due to urbanization, urban sprawl, and the relatively recent phenomenon of big-box stores.

Image Entertainment Corporation

Image Entertainment Corporation Inc. is a Canadian animation studio and production company based in Montreal, Canada. It was founded in 2000 by Sylvain Viau, the current CEO.
Image Entertainment Corporation is an worldwide co production company in 2D and 3D animation It had co-produced Martin Mystery, Totally Spies! (Season 3-5), Team Galaxy, Monster Buster Club and The Amazing Spiez!, Walter, Walter and Tandoori and Walter and Tandoori's Christmas. The Company animation projects for International clients. The headquarters is located 3159 Principale St. West Unit 12 Magog Quebec, Canada J1X 0J6




Teen pop

Teen pop is a type of popular music. It is made to appeal to teenagers and preteens. Genres of dance, R&B, pop, electronic and country music are often copied by teen pop. Teen pop includes visual appeal and teenage-related lyrics. 

Some teen pop groups are New Kids on the Block and New Edition.

Pál Orosz

Pal Orosz (January 25, 1934 – 12 May 2014) was a Hungarian Olympic football coach. He played soccer during the 1950s, but soon became the coach of the Hungarian National Football Team during the 1960 Summer Olympics. They won the bronze medal during at the Olympics in Rome. 

Orosz died in Sophia, Hungary from cancer, aged 80.

Manfred von Richthofen (sports official)

Manfred von Richthofen (c. 1934 – 1 May 2014) was a German hockey player and coach. He was also an honorary President of German's national Olympic federation. He was the nephew of World War I German pilot Manfred von Richthofen, the "Red Baron". His career began during the 1950s. He retired in 2006. Richthofen was born in Berlin, Germany.

Richthofen died in Berlin, Germany from unknown causes, aged 80.

Francisco Sobrino

Francisco Sobrino (1932 – 11 May 2014) was a Spanish sculptor from Guadalajara, Spain. His career began in 1959 when he moved to Paris to have a start in his career. His works can be seen in Tel Aviv, Guadalajara, Chicago, Madrid, New York City, and Paris. Sobrino was born in Guadalajara, Mexico, but was raised in Madrid, Spain.

Sobrino died in Paris, France, aged 82.

Hotel California

"Hotel California" is the title song from the Eagles album of the same name was released as a single in February 1977. It is thought to be the Eagles' best song to this day and was the most popular song during the late 1970s.

Chico Marx

Leonard "Chico" Marx (March 22, 1887 – October 11, 1961) was an American comedian and movie star. He was one of the five Marx Brothers. In the movies, Chico talked with a pretend Italian accent and played the piano. He flirted with the ladies and wore a curly wig. In most of the movies, he got into trouble by playing pranks with his brother, Harpo.

Chico was a good pianist. As a child, he started playing with only his right hand and fake playing with his left. Chico finally learned to play the piano very well. But to be funny, he was famous for “shooting” the keys of the piano. He would play the notes with his thumb up and index finger straight; like a gun.

Chico Marx was born in New York City. His father was born in France and worked as a tailor and his mother was from Germany. He was married twice. In 1917, he married Betty Karp. They had a daughter named Maxine. He taught her to be an actress. After a divorce, he later married Mary De Vithas. They married in 1958, three years before his death. Chico died at home of arteriosclerosis, on October 11, 1961, in Hollywood. He was the oldest brother and the first to die. He is in a mausoleum in Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California. 


Kristof Van Hout

Kristof Van Hout (born 9 February 1987 in Lommel, Belgium) is a Belgian footballer, who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Lommel. He is considered one of the tallest footballers in history with a height of 2.08 metres (6 ft 10 in).

Van Hout played for K.F.C. Verbroedering Geel as a youth. He joined Willem II in 2004. On 6 August 2009, Standard Liege signed the goalkeeper from K.V. Kortrijk on a three-year contract. On 11 June 2011, he returned to Kortrijk on a one-year contract. Kristof is the joint tallest footballer in the professional game along with Elgin City FC Paul Millar. Both are 6' 10" tall.

Leopard cat

The leopard cat ("Prionailurus bengalensis") is a small wild cat of South and East Asia. Since 2002 it has been listed as least concern by IUCN. It is widely distributed, but habitat loss and hunting occurs in places. There are twelve leopard cat subspecies, which differ widely in appearance and were once thought to be separate species. The Sunda Leopard Cat is accepted as a species.

The small cat is similar to the domestic cat but with longer legs. It is not closely related to the leopard but has leopard-like spots.

Leopard cats are the most widely distributed Asian small cats. Their range extends from the Russian Far East, Korea, China, Indochina, the Indian subcontinent, northern Pakistan, the Philippines and the Sunda Islands of Indonesia.

They prefer forested habitats, but are found in agriculturally used areas. They live in tropical evergreen rainforests and plantations at sea level, and in subtropical deciduous and conifer forests in the foothills of the Himalayas above .

The highest altitudinal record was at in the Kanchenjunga Conservation Area.

In the northeast of their range they live close to rivers, valleys and in ravine forests, but avoid areas with more than of snowfall. They are rare in Pakistan’s dry treeless areas. In Afghanistan, they were reported in the 1970s from Jalalkot and Norgul in the Kunar Valley, and the Waygul forest of Dare Pech.


Pashtunistan

Pashtunistan (, "Pax̌tūnistān" or Pukhtunistan, meaning the "land of Pashtuns") means the region where the indigenous Pashtun people of modern-day Afghanistan and Pakistan lived. 

Steven Universe

Steven Universe, or simply Steven, is an animated series on Cartoon Network. It is about a young boy called Steven Universe, who is half gem (an alien race who are made of gem crystals) and half human, and follows his story with the Crystal Gems, a rebel group against the Gem Homeworld.

Gems are an all-female-appearing alien race made up of a gem crystal and a "hard light" form that makes up their personal appearance. Gem society is divided in such a way that each type of Gem, such as diamonds, pearls, and so on, have a role in society that they were made for.

Diamonds are the ruling class of the Gem Homeworld, served by servant Pearls. There are four known diamonds: Pink Diamond, Blue Diamond, Yellow Diamond and White Diamond. All other Gems are either assigned to a Diamond (apart from Pink Diamond, because she is not present on Homeworld), or unaligned. Unaligned gems are either rebels or corrupted (corruption is the corruption of a Gem's hard light form, forcing the Gem to take on the appearance of a monster).

Homeworld colonises other planets so that new Gems can be formed from the minerals found in the ground; this had a devastating impact when Earth was in the process of colonisation.

The Crystal Gems are a rebel group led by Rose Quartz . They previously fought Homeworld because Rose Quartz wanted to protect the life on Earth. After the Diamonds (Yellow, Blue, and White) forced the end of the war with the corruption of all Gems on Earth (aside from the main cast of Crystal Gems, because of Rose's shield), the rebel group went into hiding, although since the birth of Steven, they have had more contact with Homeworld. (Rose gave up her physical form to make Steven, so she was never really in the show other than memories from the Crystal Gems and Greg ( Steven's dad) 

The Crystal Gems are currently composed of Steven, Connie, Pearl, Garnet, Amethyst, Lapis Lazuli, Peridot and occasionally Bismuth at times.

Fusion is the process in which the hard light forms of two gems are mixed together by choice to create a new form, and a new personality of the Gem. It can only be achieved by perfect synchronisation of two Gems. Steven is an exception to this rule - because he possesses Pink Diamond's Gem in his body, he is capable of fusing with both humans and Gems, for example, with Connie to form Stevonnie.

Fusion between different Gem classes is strongly discouraged on the Gem Homeworld.



Montgomery bus boycott

The Montgomery Bus Boycott was a major event in the Civil Rights Movement. It happened in Montgomery, Alabama where the city transportation were segregated. Black passengers were required by law to ride in the back of the bus. On December 1, 1955 Rosa Parks, an African American woman, refused to give her bus seat to a white person. She was arrested and sent to jail and was fined 14 dollars. In protest about 40,000 black people boycotted the Montgomery city buses, refusing to ride. The boycott lasted 381 days. On November 13, 1956, the United States Supreme Court issued its decision to desegregate the buses and implemented a first come first serve policy. In response the city of Montgomery passed a law allowing black passengers to sit anywhere on the buses. The boycott ended on December 20, 1956. Many important people in the civil rights movement took part in the boycott. This included Reverend Dr Martin Luther King, Jr. and Ralph Abernathy.

Turbidity

Turbidity is a measure of how well light penetrates water. It is caused by particles (total suspended or dissolved solids) that are generally invisible to the naked eye. The measurement of turbidity is a key test of water quality.

Fluids can contain suspended particles of many different sizes. Some suspended material will be large enough and heavy enough to settle rapidly to the bottom if a liquid sample is left to stand. Very small particles settle very slowly or not at all if the sample is regularly agitated or the particles are colloidal. These small solid particles cause the liquid to appear turbid or murky.

Turbidity in open water may be caused by growth of phytoplankton. Naturally occurring Algal blooms can cause turbidity. Human activities that disturb land can lead to high sediment levels entering water bodies during rain storms due runoff. These can include construction, mining and agriculture. pollution from paved surfaces such as roads, bridges and parking lots is another source. Certain industries such as quarrying, mining and coal recovery can generate very high levels of turbidity from rock particles entering the water.

In drinking water, the higher the turbidity level, the higher the risk that people may develop diseases. Contaminants like viruses or bacteria can become attached to the suspended solids. The suspended solids interfere with water disinfection with chlorine because the particles act as shields for the virus and bacteria. Similarly, suspended solids can protect bacteria from ultraviolet (UV) sterilization of water.

In water bodies such as lakes, rivers and reservoirs, high turbidity levels can reduce the amount of light reaching lower depths. This can limit growth of submerged aquatic plants. In turn this affects species which are dependent on them, such as fish and shellfish. High turbidity levels can also affect the ability of fish gills to absorb dissolved oxygen. This situation has been regularly observed throughout the Chesapeake Bay in the eastern United States.

Carmen Alardín

Carmen Alardín (July 5, 1933 – May 10, 2014) was a Mexican poet. She was known for her poems such as "La violencia del otoño" (The Violence of Fall) and "No pude detener los elefantes" (You Can't Detain Elephants). Alardín specialized in German literature.

Alardín was born in Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico. She studied at National Autonomous University of Mexico. Alardín died in Mexico City, Mexico, aged 80. She is survived by her husband and her two children. 

Stephen Sutton

Stephen Sutton (16 December 1994 – 14 May 2014) was a British blogger and charity activist. He is known for his blog "Stephen's Story" and his fundraising efforts for the Teenage Cancer Trust charity for the aid of teenagers with cancer. As of 14 May 2014, Sutton had raised £3,439,865.12, more than 300 times the original goal. 

He diagnosed with colon cancer at the age of 15. He died four years later from the disease, at the age of 19 .

Jean-Luc Dehaene

Jean-Luc Dehaene ( 7 August 1940 – 15 May 2014), nicknamed "The Plumber" or "The Minesweeper", was a Belgian politician. He served as Prime Minister of Belgium from 1992 until 1999. He was also mayor of Vilvoorde.

Dehaene, who had been suffering from pancreatic cancer, died after a fall while in France, aged 73.

Mark Eyskens

Marc Maria Frans, Viscount Eyskens (born 29 April 1933), known as Mark Eyskens , is a Belgian economist and politician in the Christian People's Party (Belgium). He briefly served as Prime Minister of Belgium for eight months in 1981.


Joe Walsh

Joseph Fidler "Joe" Walsh (born Joseph Fidler; November 20, 1947) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, and actor. He was previously a member of The James Gang, Barnstorm and the Eagles.

Let It Bleed

Let It Bleed is an album by the Rolling Stones. The Rolling Stones are an English rock band. It is the band's eighth album in the UK and tenth album in the US. Decca Records and London Records released it in November 1969.

The band made the album while many things were happening. Brian Jones was using drugs. He was not helping the band make music. The band fired Jones. They replaced him with Mick Taylor. Jones is only on two songs in the album. He died around a month after he was fired. For most of the songs on the album, Keith Richards is the only guitar player.

"Let It Bleed" was number one on the UK Albums Chart. It was number three on the "Billboard" 200. The album did not have any singles that charted high. Many songs on the album were popular. Some popular songs from the album are "Gimme Shelter" and "You Can't Always Get What You Want". The album was put in the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2005.



Mercedes Salisachs

Mercedes Salisachs Roviralta (18 September 1916 – 8 May 2014) was a Spanish writer. He began his career when he was a teenager. He retired in 2006.

Salisachs was born in Barcelona, Spain.

In 1956, he won the City of Barcelona Prize with the work "A Woman Comes to Town". In 1983, he won the Ateneo de Sevilla prize for his work "Lack Volume" and in 2004, he won an award with Fernando Lara for his work "The Last Maze". 

Salisachs died in Barcelona from natural causes, aged 97.

Deep Cover

Deep Cover is a 1992 crime-thriller movie produced by New Line Cinema and released to movie theaters by Warner Bros. This is about a Cincinnati police officer who goes undercover in Los Angeles to try to catch a criminal. Laurence Fishburne plays Russell.

The movie got positive reviews from the critics. It was released in April 1992.

Jorge Zavala

Jorge Zavala Baquerizo (13 May 1921 – 9 May 2014) was an Ecuadorian politician. He served as the Vice President of Ecuador from 1968 to 1970 under the José María Velasco Ibarra administration. He was a member of the Ecuadorian Radical Liberal Party.

Zavala died in Guayaquil, Ecuador from natural causes, aged 92.

José Falcó Sanmartín

José Falcó Sanmartín (Barcelona, September 27, 1916 – Toulouse, May 10, 2014) was a Spanish pilot. He served as part of the Spanish Republican Air Force, who fought the Spanish Civil War, with eight official victories. He went into exile from Spain. He moved to France, a country that welcomed him and where he died.

Sanmartín died from natural causes, aged 97.

IOS 6

iOS 6 is the sixth major version of Apple's mobile operating system, iOS. It was released on September 19, 2012. The newest version of iOS 6 is iOS 6.1.6.

Until now, it is still running on about 11% of devices (the percentage including devices that are not supported) besides iOS 7's 87% (including non-supported devices) and the last 2% (including non-supported devices) are for older iOS versions. The oldest iPhone that can run iOS 6 is the iPhone 3GS, which features a Samsung CPU and 256MB of memory.

iOS 6 was shown during Apple Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2012 on June 11, 2012. This software dropped support for older devices such as the third generation iPod Touch and the first generation iPad following the cycle of past iOS versions. It is supported on the iPhone 3GS and later, the fourth generation iPod Touch and later, the iPad 2 and later, and the iPad Mini.

On September 12, 2012, at San Francisco's Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, the iPhone 5, the fifth generation iPod Touch, and the final release of iOS 6.0 were revealed at the event. It was announced that iOS 6 would be released on September 19, 2012.

The iPhone 5 had iOS 6 already installed, but other devices will need to get it installed as an over-the-air update or through iTunes. An iTunes update, version 10.7, was released on September 12, 2012, and it was needed in order to install iOS 6 on a device.

Unlike past iOS versions, two apps that were removed as part of iOS 6 were Google Maps and YouTube. These apps can be downloaded for free in the App Store.

The all-new Maps application uses a different engine that helps to get rid of lag and make for smoother zooming. It also adds turn-by-turn directions and 3D views in some cites.

In iOS 6, Apple used its own Apple Maps app instead of Google Maps. This caused many poor reviews for problems with Apple Maps. Some of the problems were information that was not complete, maps that were wrong, no support for transit maps, and low-quality satellite pictures.

The iOS 6.1 update released on January 28, 2013 had reports of reduced battery life and problems with signal strength.

Andres Carrasco

Andrés Carrasco (1946 - May 10, 2014) was an Argentine molecular biologist. He was known for discovering the adverse effects of glyphosate used in transgenic crops ingredient in roundup pesticide Monsanto. He was president and Head of Laboratory embryology (CONICET) of the University of Buenos Aires (UBA). He was born in Buenos Aires.

Carrasco died in Buenos Aires from a heart attack, aged 67.


Damsels in Distress

Damsels in Distress is a 2011 American comedy movie. This movie is about a newly transferred college student who becomes friends with several other girls. Aubrey Plaza plays Debbie.

The movie was given a high rating by Rotten Tomatoes. It was released in the United States in 2012.

Darling Companion

Darling Companion is an American drama movie. The movie is about hard times in a family that has a dog. Diane Keaton plays Beth. Dianne Wiest plays Penny.

This movie was shot in 2010. It was released in April 2012. The movie received bad reviews. It didn't make much money.

Traci Lords

Traci Elizabeth Lords (born Nora Louise Kuzma; May 7, 1968) is an American writer, director, musician and actress. Most of her movies are B-movies. She played "Carl's Date" in the movie "Serial Mom". She also played Racquel in "Blade".

Lords first became known for being in pornographic movies before she was an adult.

Lords was born in Steubenville, Ohio.


Keith Farnham

Keith Farnham (September 22, 1947 – June 18, 2017) was an American Democratic politician. He used to be in the Illinois House of Representatives from January 6, 2009 until he resigned in March 18, 2014. He resigned after being found guilty for selling child pornography.

Farnham was born in Piscataquis County, Maine. He was raised in Bangor, Maine.

In November 2008, He defeated two-term Republican Ruth Munson in the heavily-Republican 43rd representative district of the Illinois House of Representatives, winning by 322 votes. Farnham was in the Illinois House from January 2009 to March 2014. The district included portions of Elgin, Carpentersville, East Dundee and South Elgin.

Farnham pleaded guilty on December 5, 2014 for selling child pornography. On March 19, 2015, Farnham was sentenced to eight years in prison. U.S. District Judge Edmond E. Chang also ordered Farnham to pay a $30,000 fine. He surrendered to the Federal Bureau of Prisons on May 19, 2015, to begin serving his sentence.

Farnham died on June 18, 2017 from bladder cancer and hepatitis C in Granville County, North Carolina, aged 69.

Division of Kennedy

The Division of Kennedy is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was one of the 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. The division is named after Edmund Kennedy, an explorer in the area where the division is located in Queensland.

The division covers a large area of outback Queensland. It includes the towns of Atherton, Babinda, Camooweal, Charters Towers, Cloncurry, Georgetown, Gordonvale, Hughenden, Ingham, Innisfail, Mareeba, Mount Isa, Normanton and Tully.

Since 1966 the division has been held by the conservative Katter family—Bob Sr. and his son, Bob Jr.—for all but one term. In the 2013 election there was a 17% swing against Katter.


INS Dakar

The INS "Dakar was a submarine of the Israeli Navy. It disappeared in the Mediterranean Sea in 1968. It had formerly belonged to the Royal Navy as the HMS "Totem. After sea trials it departed Scotland in January 1968 for Israel. She never arrived and was lost at sea with her entire crew. In 1999 the wreckage was found between Cyprus and Crete. The cause of her sinking is still not known. In 1971 a memorial to the submarine was established in Gan HaNe'edarim in the National Military and Police cemetery at Mount Herzl, Jerusalem. The bridge portion of the vessel was salvaged and is on display at the Israeli Naval Museum in Haifa.



King David Tomb

King David's Tomb is an ancient tomb inside an ancient buliding in Mount Zion in Jerusalem. According to the Jewish tradition, it is the tomb of King David of Israel.


Chamber of the Holocaust

The Chamber of the Holocaust is a small museum in Mount Zion in Jerusalem. It is dedicated to the Holocaust. The museum opened in 1948. It was the first museum dedicated to the Holocaust. The museum opened before the establishment of Yad Vashem museum in Mount Herzl in 1953.


Muhammadgarh (princely state)

Muhammadgarh was a state in Central India, under the Bhopal Agency. It was in the Malwa plateau. It had an area of 29 square miles (75 km2), and a population of 2,944 (as of 1901). Its headquarters were at Muhammadgarh town.

Banganapalle State

Banganapalle State was a Princely state in British India. In 1948, the ruler of Banganapalle acceded to newly independent Republic of India, and Banganapalle was incorporated into Kurnool District of the then Madras Presidency. 

Jaora State

Jaora state was founded by Abdul Ghafur Muhammad Khan, a Muslim of Afghan descent. He was a cavalry officer serving the Pashtun leader Muhammad Amir Khan. The chief crops were Millets, Cotton, Maize and Opium.

Kurwai State

Kurwai state was a Muslim-ruled Princely state of British India, centered around the Kurwai town. The state was 368 km² in area and had a population of 30,631 in 1892.

It was founded in 1713 by Mohammed Diler Khan, an Afghan soldier in the Mughal Army. Abida Sultan, the wife of the last ruler, gave up her right to the throne of Bhopal State and opted for the Muslim Nation state of Pakistan in 1950, eventually entering that country's Foreign service. Later, her son Shaharyar Khan became the Foreign Secretary of Pakistan and then the Chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board. 

Loharu State

The Princely state of Loharu, part of the Punjab States Agency was a 9 Salute state, during the British Raj. Its area was , and it was in the south-east corner of the undivided Punjab. After the Independence of India and Pakistan in 1947, the state acceded into the Union of India and many of the ruling family and the city's Muslim inhabitants re-settled in Lahore, Pakistan, though the Nawab and his direct descendants (except for the eldest daughter of Nawab Aminuddin Ahmed, Mahbano Begum who lives in Islamabad), stayed on, in India.

Zion Gate

Zion Gate (also David Gate or the Jews Gate) is one of the gates to the Old City of Jerusalem. It is the entrance to the Jewish Quarter. It is also the entrance to the old city from Mount Zion.


Malerkotla (princely state)

Malerkotla, a Muslim majority state was established in 1454 A.D. by Sheikh Sadruddin-i-Jahan from Afghanistan, and was ruled by his Sherwani (tribe) descendents. The State of Malerkotla was established in 1657 A.D. During the 1947 riots when Punjab was in flames, the State of Malerkotla did not witness a single incident of violence; through it all, it remained a lone island of peace.

Murud-Janjira (princely state)

Murad-Janjira is a princely state off the western coast of India. In the year 1736, Siddis of Murud-Janjira set out to recapture Raigarh from the ravaging forces of Baji Rao, on 19 April 1736.

Rajoli Zamindari Estate

Rajoli Zamindari Estate was a non-salute princely state with its seat at Rajoli, Maharashtra.

Rampur State

Rampur State was a 15 gun-salute Princely state of British India. It is now a state of India. Rapur came into existence on 7 October 1774. It was created by a treaty with Oudh, The state gained independence in 1949. It was the first Princely state to accede in India.

Sachin (princely state)

The Sachin State (; ) was a princely state in India during the British Raj. The ruler of Sachin held the title of Nawab.


Pataudi (princely state)

Pataudi state was a small Princely state in India, established in 1804. It has an area of 52 square miles. In 1947 it became part of India. The capital Pataudi, is in present-day Haryana.

Transcaucasian Democratic Federative Republic

The T. D. F. R. also known as the Transcaucasian Federation, was a short-lived country in the South Caucasus (a region in Europe and Asia) extending across what are now the modern-day countries of Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia. The federation was very unstable, and broke up after one month. The breakup formed (short-living at the time)First Republic of Armenia, Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, and Democratic Republic of Georgia. 

Indus Valley Plain

The Indus Valley Plain is a flat landform in Pakistan and Punjab, India It was built up over centuries by sediment. It uses many resources from the Indus river. Most of it is in the Punjab province. 

The plain is the western part of the Northern Plain in Pakistan formed by the Indus River and its tributaries. It is extensively farmed for wheat, rice sugarcane and Cotton. The high plain of the Indus Plain is also called Pothohar Plateau and is located near the foothills of Himalayas (e.g. Margalla Hills). The deserts in the Indus plain of Pakistan are Thal desert, Indus Valley desert, Thar Desert and Cholistan desert. The River Indus and its tributaries drain the Indus Plain throughout most of Punjab and the central part of Sindh. 

The northern part is known as the Upper Indus Plain. By Panjnad the five main tributaries of the Indus (including the Beas which joins Sutlej in India) have all joined together.After the Sutlej joins the Chenab at Panjnad the river is itself called the Panjnad. The River Panjnad flows for a further 72 kilometres before joining the Indus near Mithankot.

The general slope of the plain towards the sea is gentle, with an average gradient (rate of change) of one metre to five kilometres. Below Mithankot in Sindh ,the Indus flows as a gigantic river till it meets the Arabian Sea. This part of the plain is known as the Lower Indus Plain.

<br>

Borders of Pakistan

Pakistan's International borders are the external borders of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. 
Pakistan’s geosphere is geographically unique. It is located within Southcentral Asia. It is an integral part of Greater Middle East Region, with the Indus River and its tributaries as its main water supply or lifeline, the world's largest Irrigation system. 

The nation is bordered by the Hindu Kush and Sulaiman Mountain ranges in the west, Karakoram mountain range in the north, Sutlej river and Thar desert in east, and Arabian Sea in the south.

The country in its present form was created by the Pakistanis themselves out of the imperial colonial British Raj. 
Pakistan borders the People's Republic of China in the north (Xinjiang Autonomous Türkic Region), and in the north-east Tibet Autonomous Region, the disputed territory of Occupied Kashmir which was part of the British Indian territory until 1948 is also included. Pakistan borders the entire eastern length of the country with the Republic of India and on the south towards the Arabian Sea, to the north-west Pakistan is separated by fourteen kilometres of a narrow strip of the Afghan-occupied Gorno-Badakhshan territory called the Wakhan Corridor which extends between Northern Pakistan and Tajikistan. 

The Islamic Republic of Afghanistan is to the west and north, and Iran (Ancient Persia) is to the southwest. Pakistan also shares to the extreme south-west a marine border with Oman. 

The Maritime borders of Pakistan are the maritime boundary recognized by the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea. The Government of Pakistan promulgated "Territorial and Maritime Zones Act 1976". In 1997, Pakistan also declared a straight baseline along its coast. Now the territorial sea is measured 12 nautical miles into sea from the baseline. Using Unclos III, Pakistan has also demarcated its sea boundaries with both Iran and Oman.

Sea frontier with India in the East remains in dispute. Pakistan and India have held 12 rounds of discussions for deciding the exact sea frontier at Kori Creek and the un-demarcated Rann of Kachchh. At times, the negotiations appear promising. However, there has been no progress since June 2012. Pakistan's coastline is 1,146 Square kilometres² (712 Square miles²) long, with its claim of a territorial maritime zone and exclusive economic zone, has a more than maritime border shared with the three nations namely;

Simple harmonic motion

A thing that is moving back and forth is said to be vibrating. Another word for vibration is oscillation. A special way of vibrating or oscillating is called "simple harmonic motion". When measuring motion, it is normal to make a graph with time on one axis and distance on the other. Sometimes, when something moves its distance from a fixed point it looks like a sine wave in that kind of graph. In mathematics and physics this is called simple harmonic motion. This sort of movement will happen whenever the force towards the fixed point is proportional to the distance from the point (the force goes down as much as the distance goes up) and always acts towards that point. Some examples are a weight on a spring and a simple pendulum (for small oscillations). These are not perfect examples, but they are close to having simple harmonic motion. 

The amplitude is the biggest distance from the fixed point. The period is the time the weight takes to get back to the same point again (with the same speed and in the same direction). "Simple Harmonic motion occurs when the net force is directly proportional to the displacement from the mean position and is always directed towards the mean position" In other words, when an object oscillates about a fixed position (mean position) so its acceleration is directly proportional to its displacement from the mean position and it is always directed towards the mean position , its motion is called "Simple harmonic motion".

The equations of simple harmonic motion can be found by looking at a fixed wheel with radius formula_1 that is spinning with steady speed formula_2 radians per second. The time formula_3 taken for one complete turn is formula_4 formula_5 because there are formula_6 radians in a full circle.

Imagine a white spot painted on the rim of the wheel. If it starts level with the axle, and the wheel has turned through an angle formula_7 in time formula_8 seconds, then the height formula_9 of the spot above the axle is given by formula_10 (where formula_11 means the sine of the angle turned, and trigonometry is used to find the height).

1990 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 3

The 1990 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 3 was a qualifying group for the 1990 FIFA World Cup. Soviet Union and Austria were the two teams that qualified.




1990 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 2

The 1990 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 2 was a qualifying group for the 1990 FIFA World Cup. Sweden and England were the two teams that qualified.


Johnny Ekström

Johnny Ekström (born 5 March 1965) is a former Swedish footballer. He is most known for his time at IFK Göteborg. 

He became both a Swedish and German champion, with Bayern Munich and IFK Göteborg. He was also a fan-favorite at Italian team Empoli F.C. There he received the Italian nickname of "Il Ciclone" (The Cyclone) because of his quickness while the ball.

Ekström also played for the Sweden national team and took part in the 1990 FIFA World Cup.

His nicknames in Sweden include "Kallebäcks-Expressen" (the express train from Kallebäck) and "Johnny Bråttom" (Johnny in a Hurry), named after his speed. He played for IFK Göteborg when he was a child, and made his way to the senior squad quickly. He often went back to IFK Göteborg years later.

1990 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 4

The 1990 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 4 was a qualifying group for the 1990 FIFA World Cup. West Germany and Netherlands were the two teams that qualified.



1990 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 6

The 1990 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 6 was a qualifying group for the 1990 FIFA World Cup. Spain and the Republic of Ireland were the two teams that qualified.



Mr. Popper's Penguins (movie)

Mr. Popper's Penguins is a 2011 American comedy family movie. It was directed by Mark Waters, and stars Jim Carrey. It was loosely based on the children's book of the same name. The movie was released on June 17, 2011.

Thomas "Tom" Popper has a job buying and selling properties. He gets news that his father has died during an adventure to Antarctica. Popper's lawyer tells him he will inherit a souvenir from his father's last adventure.

A crate arrives at Popper's front door, with a gentoo penguin (Captain) inside. Soon, because of confusion with a crew member, five more penguins arrive: (Bitey, Stinky, Lovey, Nimrod, and Loudy). Popper wants to donate all six penguins to a pest control company. But his children, Janie Popper and Billy Popper, think that the penguins are Billy's birthday present. Mr. Popper meets with a zookeeper, Nat Jones, who also wants the penguins. Popper asks him to collect the penguins another time. Jones agrees, but he warns that the conditions in Popper's apartment are not good enough to raise penguins.

At the same time, Popper is given the task of buying "Tavern on the Green", where he used to eat with his father as a child. He wants to tear it down and building a new development in its place. However, its elderly owner, Selma Van Gundy, refuses to sell it to him. She does not like his plan.

The penguins soon lay three eggs. Two of the eggs hatch and one doesn't. Popper loses his job while waiting for the last egg to hatch. He has made his bosses angry for not focusing on the tavern for them. Jones sneaks in the apartment one night and warns him that penguins can only survive in the cold or zoo and vows to get the penguins sometime. Popper puts snow in his apartment, and lowers his temperature for the penguins in an attempt to help. Finally, realizing that the egg can't be hatched, Popper sadly donates all the pigeons to Jones for the New York zoo. He then is re-hired by his bosses, and refocuses his attention on purchasing the Tavern on the Green. His family is not happy. The next day his ex-wife decides to travel to Africa for three weeks with her boyfriend Rick, and leaves the kids in his care.

Popper finds a lost letter from his father, which had been sent with the first penguin, Captain. In it, his father tells him to love his children, just as this penguin would love him. Having a change of heart, Popper asks his children and ex-wife to help him get the penguins back from the zoo before his ex-wife goes to Africa and he sells the tavern.

Popper and his family ask Jones about getting the penguins back, but Jones refuses. He lies and says they have been traded to other zoos. But Popper discovers that Jones is lying with help from the shouting penguin named Loudy. He frees the penguins from a cooler in the office and locks Jones inside. While escaping, Popper and his family notice that Jones has managed to get free and security guards are looking everywhere for them. Popper and his family manage to escape with the penguins and flee to the tavern with Jones in pursuit on a golf-cart.

After seeing how Popper had reunited his family and rescued the penguins, Van Gundy sells him the restaurant. But rather than tear it and the park down, Popper orders that the restaurant be renovated and reopened. Immediately after Van Gundy makes the deal with Popper, Jones arrives with the police to arrest Popper for theft of the penguins. After explaining the story in front of the crowd and police, the officers agree to spare Popper from prison if they can find out who the penguins love. Jones holds up a sardine for the penguins, thinking they love fish more than Popper, but the penguins go to Popper instead. The crowd applauds for Popper. Jones gets hysterical and angry, so police officers arrest Jones instead.

Popper and his family travel to Antarctica with the penguins, allowing them to live with their own kind and promising to visit. Popper's first penguin, Captain, is revealed to have laid another egg. Popper tells his children that they'll have to come back and visit when the baby, who he named Bald Eagle, is born.


Originally, Ben Stiller was supposed to play Mr. Popper, and Noah Baumbach was originally going to direct, but they dropped out. Owen Wilson, Jack Black, and Jim Carrey were all considered to replace Stiller, with the role eventually going to Carrey. Mark Waters was chosen to direct.

On September 21, 2010, it was confirmed that Carla Gugino joined the cast as Tom's ex-wife Amanda Popper.

The musical score was ambitious, with music playing nearly throughout. It was written by Rolfe Kent, and orchestrated by Tony Blondal. It was recorded at the scoring stage at 20th Century Fox in Century City, Ca. with a 78 piece orchestra.

An online Museum Slide Game was created by designer Mark Kavanaugh as promotional material for the film.

The film earned $6.4 million on opening day and $18.4 million over the three-day weekend, ranking in third place behind "Green Lantern" and "Super 8". The opening was at the high end of 20th Century Fox's expectations, which was predicting a mid to high teens opening. In its second weekend, the film faced competition from "Cars 2" and dropped 45% to $10.1 million and ranked in fifth place. Over the four-day Independence Day holiday weekend, it ranked in eighth place after dropping 34% to $6.7 million. The film has earned $68,224,452 domestically and $119,137,302 in foreign countries, grossing a total of $187,361,754 worldwide.

The film received mixed reviews from critics, with a Rotten Tomatoes rating of 48%, based on 136 reviews, as of August 2012. The consensus reads "Blandly inoffensive and thoroughly predictable, Mr. Popper's Penguins could have been worse—but it should have been better." It was released in Blu-ray and DVD on December 6, 2011 along with "The Help", "The Debt", "Cowboys & Aliens", and "The Hangover Part II". It includes a short film called "Nimrod and Stinky's Antarctic Adventure".


Viktor Sukhodrev

Viktor Mikhaylovich Sukhodrev (12 December 1932 – 16 May 2014) was a Soviet-born Russian personal interpreter. He worked among others, Nikita Khrushchev, Leonid Brezhnev, Mikhail Gorbachev and Alexey Kosygin. His career spanned for about 30 years. In 2012, Sukhodrev received the Russian national prize Translator of the Year.

Sukhodrev died in Moscow, Russia, aged 81.

Rick Dees

Rigdon Osmond "Rick" Dees III (born March 14, 1950) is an American radio personality, stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian. Dees is a People's Choice Award winner, Grammy-nominated performing artist, and is in the Broadcast Hall of Fame. He wrote two songs that appear in the film "Saturday Night Fever" and performed the title song for the film "Meatballs". He co-founded the E. W. Scripps television network and Fine Living Network. He has hosted "Rick Dees in the Morning" at 102.7 KIIS FM and Hot 92.3 in Los Angeles. Today he continues his own daily radio show, "Daily Dees".

Palestine, West Virginia

Palestine is an unincorporated community in Wirt County, West Virginia, in the United States. The community was named for Palestine.

1990 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 7

The 1990 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 7 was a qualifying group for the 1990 FIFA World Cup. Czechoslovakia and Belgium were the two teams that qualified.




Marc Van Der Linden

Marc Angéle Vanderlinden or " Marc Van Der Linden" (born 4 February 1964 in Antwerp, Belgium) is a Belgian former football player.

He began his career at his team of SC Merksem. In 1982 he played for Royal Antwerp. In 1989, after seven seasons with the team, he moved to R.S.C. Anderlecht. He then joined K.A.A. Two years later he joined Gent. In 1995 he moved to Israel to play for Hapoel Ironi Rishon LeZion F.C. Then he played for Hapoel Herzliya F.C. In 1997 he returned to his original club. Van der Linden continued to play for Merksem until 2002 when he retired. He also played 19 times for the Belgium national football team, scoring nine goals. Van der Linden also appeared in the 1990 FIFA World Cup.

KV Mechelen


Standard Liège


Schalke 04

Belgium


Germany national football team results

The results of the matches played by the Germany national football team since 2010.

Germany went undefeated in 2017.


Renee Young

Renee Paquette (born September 19, 1985) is a Canadian sports broadcaster. She is currently working with All Elite Wrestling (AEW), for which she does interviews and occasional commentary, using her birth name. Previously, she had worked for WWE under the ring name Renee Young, performing the same duties. Paquette first worked as a sportscaster for The Score, known now as Sportsnet 360.

She was born in Ajax, Ontario. She grew up in both Ajax and Whitby, Ontario. She grew up as a WWE fan. When she was asked about it, she answered: "I was. I attended a few events and WrestleMania VI. My dad is a concert promoter and he’d get me into the events. I remember being backstage and meeting "Stone Cold" Steve Austin, Triple H, Chyna and Trish Stratus as a kid, so it’s really funny to me that I ended up here. I went on a different path than wanting to become a WWE Superstar. I have a broadcasting and performance background."

She started her career by working with The Score. While there, she worked on a programme called "Right After Wrestling", later renamed "Aftermath" with Arda Ocal and former WWE referee Jimmy Korderas.

In October 2012, Paquette signed with the WWE and was renamed under the ring name Renee Young. She made her on-screen debut on the March 29, 2013 episode of "SmackDown" where she interviewed Randy Orton, Big Show and Sheamus. She made her commentary debut on "NXT" in September 2013. She was also a presenter on "The JBL and Cole Show" and hosts "WWE Vintage Collection" alongside WWE Hall of Famer Mean Gene Okerlund.

Young left WWE in 2020 following that year's SummerSlam. Young explained that she left WWE because of the cancelation of "WWE Backstage" and that she felt that she had accomplished everything in WWE.

In 2021, she made a one-off WWE appearance shortly after creating a podcast and an accompanying YouTube channel, and also started a show on the Sirius XM satellite radio platform.

On October 12, 2022, Tony Khan confirmed via his social media account that Paquette had signed with AEW. She made her debut the same night on "Dynamite".

In 2013, Paquette began dating Jonathan Good, then performing in WWE as Dean Ambrose, a member of The Shield stable, and now known in AEW as Jon Moxley. The two lived near Las Vegas, where they were married in a ceremony at their home in the early hours of April 9, 2017. Their daughter Nora was born on June 13, 2021. A few months later, they settled in Good's hometown of Cincinnati to be closer to both his family and Paquette's family in her hometown of Toronto.



The Internship

The Internship is a 2013 American comedy movie. The movie is about two interns at Google. Vince Vaughn plays Billy McMahon. Owen Wilson plays Nick Campbell.

The reviews were mixed to negative. The movie was released in June 2013.

Talk (Coldplay song)

"Talk" is the third single off British alternative rock band Coldplay's third studio album "X&Y". The song was released on 19 December 2005. The song is build around a motif by Kraftwerk's "Computer Love". The song and the "Thin White Duke" remix were both nominated for Grammy Awards in 2007. The remix won the Grammy Award for Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical.


Bergmann's rule

Bergmann's rule is an ecogeographic principle. It states that, within a widely distributed group of animals, the larger ones are found in colder environments, and the smaller ones are found in warmer regions. 

So, for example, with bears the largest member is the polar bear, and the smallest members are found in subtropical areas (panda). The largest tiger is the Siberian tiger. Large mammals of the late ice age were in general larger than their descendants today.

The rule is named after nineteenth-century German biologist Carl Bergmann, who described the pattern in 1847, though he was not the first to notice it. Bergmann's rule appears to hold true for many mammals and birds, but there are exceptions. 

Although originally put in terms of species, it seems to apply to populations within a species. Bergmann's rule is most often applied to mammals and birds which are endotherms, but some researchers have also found evidence for the rule in studies of ectothermic species. 

In addition to being a general pattern across space, Bergmann’s rule has been reported in extinct populations from the fossil record. In particular, reversible dwarfing of mammals happened during two extremely warm but rather brief times in the Palaeogene.

Time (Pink Floyd song)

Time is a 1973 song by Pink Floyd. It is on their famous album "The Dark Side of the Moon". It is the fourth track on the album.

Pierre Balmain

Pierre Alexandre Claudius Balmain (18 May 1914 – 29 June 1982) was a French fashion designer. He was born in Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne, Savoie. He founded the fashion house Balmain. Known for sophistication and elegance, he once said that "dressmaking is the architecture of movement". He died in Paris.

Fishing cat

The fishing cat ("Prionailurus viverrinus") is a medium-sized wild cat of South and Southeast Asia. Fishing cats are the largest of the "Prionailurus" cats. They are about twice the size of a domestic cat and have a stocky, muscular build with medium to short legs. 

In 2008, the IUCN classified the fishing cat as endangered. They live in wetland habitats, which are increasingly being settled, degraded and converted. Over the last decade, the fishing cat population throughout much of its Asian range declined severely.

Like its closest relative, the leopard cat, the fishing cat lives along rivers, streams and mangrove swamps. It is well adapted to this habitat, being an eager and skilled swimmer. Its feet are partly webbed, and it does catch fish.

Máximo Alcócer

Máximo Luis Alcócer (15 April 1933 – 13 May 2014) was a Bolivian footballer whose career lasted for almost ten years. His career began in 1954. He retired in 1963. Alcócer played for Club Union Maestranza and Club Aurora. Alcócer was born in Cochabamba, Bolivia.

Alcócer died in North Carolina, United States, aged 81.

Cove

A cove is a small type of bay or coastal inlet. Coves usually have narrow, restricted entrances. They are often circular or oval, and are often found in a larger bay. Small, narrow, sheltered bays, inlets, creeks, or recesses in a coast are often considered coves. The term can also be used to describe a valley between two mountain ridges. Coves are formed by differential erosion. Differential erosion occurs when softer rocks are worn away faster than the harder rocks around them. These rocks further erode to form a circular bay with a narrow entrance called a cove.

Charles Lane

Charles Lane (born Charles Gerstle Levison; January 26, 1905 – July 9, 2007) was an American character actor. His career spanned 64 years. Lane retired from acting at the age of 90. Lane is known for his roles in "You Can't Take It With You" (1938), "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" (1939), "Arsenic and Old Lace" (1944) and "It's a Wonderful Life" (1946). Lane was born in San Francisco, California.

Lane died in Santa Monica, California from natural causes, aged 102.


Fred R. Harris

Fred Roy Harris (born November 13, 1930) is an American politician. He was the United States senator of Oklahoma. He served as senator from 1964 to 1973. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Harris ran for President of the United States in 1972, losing the nomination to George McGovern. He ran again in 1976, but lost the Democratic Party primary to Jimmy Carter.

Harris was born in Walters, Oklahoma.

Frank Church

Frank Forrester Church III (July 25, 1924 – April 7, 1984) was an American politician. He was the United States senator of Idaho. He served as senator from 1957 to 1981. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Harris was born in Boise, Idaho. He studied at Stanford University. Church married Bethine Clark Church in 1947. Their marriage would last until Church's death in 1984.

Cranston ran for President of the United States in 1976, but lost the Democratic Party primary to Jimmy Carter.

Church and his wife, Bethine had two children. Church died in Bethesda, Maryland from pancreatic cancer, aged 59.

Laplace operator

In mathematics, the Laplace operator or Laplacian is a differential operator given by the divergence of the gradient of a function on Euclidean space. It is usually denoted by the symbols ∇·∇, ∇ or ∆. The Laplacian ∆"f"("p") of a function "f" at a point "p", up to a constant depending on the dimension, is the rate at which the average value of "f" over spheres centered at "p", deviates from "f"("p") as the radius of the sphere grows. In a Cartesian coordinate system, the Laplacian is given by the sum of second partial derivatives of the function with respect to each independent variable. In other coordinate systems such as cylindrical and spherical coordinates, the Laplacian also has a useful form.

The Laplace operator is named after the French mathematician Pierre-Simon de Laplace (1749–1827), who first applied the operator to the study of celestial mechanics. In this case, the operator gives a constant multiple of the mass density—when it is applied to a given gravitational potential. Solutions of the equation ∆"f" = 0, now called Laplace's equation, are the so-called harmonic functions, and represent the possible gravitational fields in free space.

The Laplacian occurs in differential equations that describe many physical phenomena, such as electric and gravitational potentials, the diffusion equation for heat and fluid flow, wave propagation, and quantum mechanics. The Laplacian represents the flux density of the gradient flow of a function. For instance, the net rate at which a chemical dissolved in a fluid moves toward or away from some point is proportional to the Laplacian of the chemical concentration at that point; the resulting equation is the diffusion equation. For these reasons, the Laplace operator is used in the sciences for modelling all kinds of physical phenomena. In image processing and computer vision, the Laplacian operator has been used for various tasks such as blob and edge detection.


ERA

ERA may refer to:


Bull Shoals Lake

Bull Shoals Lake is an artificial lake or reservoir. It is in the Ozark Mountains of northern Arkansas and southern Missouri. Bull Shoals has hundreds of miles of lake arms and coves. This makes it good for boating, water sports, swimming, and fishing. Nineteen developed parks around the shoreline. These provide campgrounds, boat launches, swim areas, and marinas.

Bull Shoals Dam was created to impound (hold water in a reservoir) the White River. Bull Shoals has one of the largest concrete dams in the United States. It was the 5th largest dam in the world when the project was started. Work on the dam began in 1947 and was completed in 1951. In 1952 it was dedicated by President Harry S. Truman At least seven small family cemeteries and 20 larger cemeteries were carefully moved to make room for the new lake.

Bull Shoals Lake is the last reservoir on the White River before it enters the Mississippi River. The other three are Beaver Lake, Table Rock Lake and Lake Taneycomo. Bull Shoals lake is controlled by the Army Corps of Engineers and has the primary purpose of flood control. The level of the lake changes regularly. The normal pool level elevation is 654 feet above sea level, which is locally known as 'powerpool'. However, the elevation changes between 630 and 680 feet.

The upper part of the lake, below nearby Powersite Dam, is known as the "Pothole". The dam is designed for a maximum elevation of 695 feet (top of the flood pool). Bull Shoals Lake covers 45,000 acres (182 km²) with a 700-mile (1,120-km) shoreline at powerpool. It expands to more than 70,000 acres (284 km²)with a 1,000-mile (1,600-km) shoreline at 690 feet. The bottom of the lake consists of bedrock with very little vegetation. The shoreline of the lake is protected by a buffer zone (locally called the 'take line'). This area is owned, managed, and controlled by the Army Corps of Engineers. There is very little development around Bull Shoals. Most of the shoreline is heavily forested.

The Bull Shoals-White River State Park is a 725-acre (2.9 km²) park in Baxter and Marion Counties of Arkansas. It lies both above and below the large dam. Facilities, including camping, pavilions, docks and a nature center, stretch along the banks of the White River. The park offers 103 riverside campsites and 20 tent sites. Two rent-a-camp and two rent-a-RV sites are also available. Picnic areas and pavilions are scattered throughout the park. There are trails through the surrounding woods. A marina contains boating equipment and also rents boats. The visitors' center offers programs, workshops, camps, boating and fishing exhibits and an aquarium. Tours of the power generation plant and other dam facilities are available for a fee.

Table Rock is one of the premier Largemouth bass fishing lakes in the United States. The best time for bass fishing is between March and May. This is when the bass spawn in the shallows. Bull Shoals Lake is Arkansas's largest lake, and is also well known as a trout hot spot. Rainbow trout and brown trout of record size have been caught in the lake, with bream, catfish, crappie and largemouth bass also plentiful. Swimming and other watersports are also welcome at the lake. Arkansas Highway 178 runs along the top of Bull Shoals Dam and into the park.

Record rainfall in the spring of 2008 caused Bull Shoals to reach its highest water level since 1957. The lake crested at 695.02 feet above sea level. The Army Corps of Engineers opened the floodgates to stop the lake from more flooding.


Wave equation

Equations that describe waves as they occur in nature are called wave equations. Waves as they occur in rivers, lakes, and oceans are similar to those of sound and light. The problem of having to describe waves arises in fields like acoustics, electromagnetics, and fluid dynamics.

Historically, the problem of a vibrating string such as that of a musical instrument was studied by Jean le Rond d'Alembert, Leonhard Euler, Daniel Bernoulli, and Joseph-Louis Lagrange. In 1746, d’Alambert discovered the one-dimensional wave equation, and within ten years Euler discovered the three-dimensional wave equation.

Theo James

Theodore Peter James Kinnaird Taptiklis (born 16 December 1984), simply known as Theo James, is an English actor. He is known for portraying Jed Harper in "Bedlam", Walter William Clark, Jr. in the crime drama "Golden Boy" and as "Four", a military instructor, in the film adaptation of Veronica Roth's dystopian sci-fi novel, "Divergent".

Clara's Heart

Clara's Heart is a 1988 drama movie. This movie is about a family in crisis. Whoopi Goldberg plays the title character. 

The movie got bad reviews from critics. Roger Ebert gave the movie one and a half stars.

Miss Beazley (dog)

Miss Beazley (October 28, 2004 – May 17, 2014) was an American Scottish Terrier. She belonged to former U.S. President George W. Bush and former U.S. First Lady Laura Bush. She was best known for starring in BarneyCam videos with her half-brother Barney, who died in February 2013.

Miss Beazley died from lymphoma on May 17, 2014 in Dallas, Texas. She was 9. Barney also died from lymphoma.


Dumb and Dumber

Dumb and Dumber is a 1994 American comedy road movie. This movie is about two men who are roommates and best friends. They live in Providence, Rhode Island and drive to Aspen, Colorado. Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels play the roommates. Lauren Holly plays Mary. Teri Garr plays Helen.

The movie was released on December 16, 1994 by Warner Bros. The reviews it received were very good. The movie was a box office success.

A prequel, "Dumb and Dumberer", was released in 2003. A sequel, "Dumb and Dumber To", was released in 2014, In 2023, Dumb and Dumber 3 was reportedly in the works.

Everybody's Fine

Everybody's Fine is a 2009 comedy-drama movie. It is about secrets and dysfunctional family. Robert De Niro plays Frank Goode. Drew Barrymore plays Rosie. Kate Beckinsale plays Amy.

The movie got mixed reviews from the critics. It was released in December 2009.

The Perks of Being a Wallflower

The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a 2012 American drama movie. This movie is about issues of LGBT, partner dances and child abuse. Logan Lerman plays Charlie Kelmeckis. Emma Watson plays Sam. Ezra Miller plays Patrick.

The movie was released in September 2012. Reviews were mostly positive. The box office was also positive. The movie is based on the book with the same title by Stephen Chbosky.

Riding in Cars with Boys

Riding in Cars with Boys is a 2001 American biographical drama movie based on Beverly Donofrio's autobiography. It is set in the years from 1961 to 1985, and starring Drew Barrymore, Brittany Murphy and Maggie Gyllenhaal.

The movie received mixed reviews. It was released in October 2001.

 

Thad Cochran

William Thad Cochran (December 7, 1937 – May 30, 2019) was an American politician. He was a United States senator of Mississippi. He became senator in 1978 until 2018. Cochran is a member of the United States Republican Party.

On March 5, 2018, he announced his intention to resign from the Senate on April 1 for health reasons.

Almost a year later from his retirement, Cochran died on May 30, 2019 at a nursing home in Oxford, Mississippi at the age of 81. The cause of death was renal failure.

Danville, Vermont

Danville is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States. The population was 2,335 at the 2020 census.

Blended

Blended is a 2014 American romantic comedy movie. This movie is about two people who meet who each have children. Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore play the couple. Bella Thorne plays Hillary. It was released on May 23, 2014.

Whip It

Whip It is a 2009 American comedy-drama movie. It is about a girl in Texas who joins a roller derby team. Elliot Page plays her. Drew Barrymore directed and acts in this movie.

The movie received positive reviews. It did poorly at the box office.

Conviction (movie)

Conviction is a 2010 American legal drama movie. It is based on the story of Betty Anne Waters, a single mother trying to get her brother out of prison. Hilary Swank plays Betty Anne. Juliette Lewis plays Roseanna. Melissa Leo plays Nancy.

This movie got positive reviews from movie critics.

Ain't Them Bodies Saints

Ain't Them Bodies Saints is a 2013 American romantic and crime drama movie. This is about an outlaw who escapes prison to be with his wife. Casey Affleck plays Bob. Rooney Mara plays Ruth.

The reviews of it were mostly positive.

Platonic love

Platonic love or platonic relationship means a close relationship between two people that is not sexual. It means a non-romantic relationship, usually between heterosexual (opposite-sex) friends. 

The term is named after the philosopher Plato. He never used the term himself but was the first to describe this kind of love. Plato called this his theory of "erôs" (meaning "love") and described his philosophy in his dialogues "the Phaedrus" and "the Symposium". Like many others in his society, Plato was most interested in the same-sex relationships between older and younger men. However, his theory can apply also to other kinds of erotic relationships. Platonic love includes a sexual desire that is overcome by a stronger desire and appreciation for friendship.

A platonic relationship is a type of relationship between two people in which the primary focus is emotional or spiritual, rather than physical and sexual, and is often described as "friendship with benefits". That type of relationship generally lacks any kind of romantic, emotional, or physical commitment.

Empire State (movie)

Empire State is a 2013 crime thriller movie in Queens, New York City in the 1980s. The movie is about two longtime friends who try to do a robbery. Nikki Reed plays Lizzette. Shenae Grimes plays Eleni. Emma Roberts plays Nancy.

The movie was released in September 2013.

Differential operator

In mathematics (particularly in differential calculus), a differential operator is an operator that takes a function as input, and returns a function as a result. Differential operators will differentiate the function in one or more variables. Probably the best known differential operator is differentiation itself, which is commonly written using formula_1 (in Leibniz's notation) and formula_2 (in Euler's notation). 


Divergence

In mathematics, divergence is a differential operator that associates a vector field with a scalar field. In a vector field, each point of the field is associated with a vector; in a scalar field, each point of the field is associated with a scalar. 

Given a vector field formula_1, the divergence of formula_1 can be written as formula_3 or formula_4, where formula_5 is the gradient and formula_6 is the dot product operation. 

Divergence is used to formulate Maxwell's equations and the continuity equation. 


Dementia praecox

Dementia praecox is a term in Latin which Emil Kraepelin invented and contrasted with a mental illness called manic-depressive insanity which is re-described as Bipolar disorder today. For Kraepelin and other psychiatrists, people diagnosed with manic-depressive insanity often had episodes in which they seemed normal, while people with "dementia praecox" did not. Dementia is a mental illness which mostly occurs in old people.
Morel first describes as a term "démence précoce" (the words are French: in English précoce is translated as precocious - meaning early in age: young) in his work of 1852 

Morel used his description to describe the condition of a teenager who retreated from society, and started to show symptoms similar to those of dementia. 

Kraepelin used dementia praecox for diseases that were characterized by a "destruction of the personality, with damage to the mood and the will".

The theory of praecox of dementia could not be proved. In 1911, Eugen Bleuler said that "dementia praecox" was actually schizophrenia. The word schizophrenia was not used widely before 1925.

Alex Chilton

Alex Chilton (December 28, 1950 – March 17, 2010) was an American songwriter, producer, singer and guitarist. He was lead singer of the Box Tops and Big Star. He was most successful with the Box Tops.

Chilton was born in Memphis, Tennessee. He died from a heart attack in New Orleans.

Champagne Supernova

"Champagne Supernova" is the sixth and final single off English rock band Oasis' second studio album "(What's the Story) Morning Glory?". The song was released on 13 May 1996.

In an interview, lead guitarist Noel Gallagher said of the song:
""Some of the lyrics were written when I was out of it. There's the words: 'Someday you will find me/ Caught beneath a landslide/ In a Champagne Supernova in the sky'. That's probably as psychedelic as I'll ever get. It means different things when I'm in different moods. When I'm in a bad mood being caught beneath a landslide is like being suffocated. The song is a bit of an epic. It's about when you're young and you see people in groups and you think about what they did for you and they did nothing. As a kid, you always believed the Sex Pistols were going to conquer the world and kill everybody in the process. Bands like The Clash just petered out. Punk rock was supposed to be the revolution but what did it do? Fuck all. The Manchester thing was going to be the greatest movement on earth but it was fuck all. When we started we decided we weren't going to do anything for anybody, we just thought we'd leave a bunch of great songs. But some of the words are about nothing. One is about Bracket The Butler who used to be on Camberwick Green, or Chipley or Trumpton or something. He used to take about 20 minutes to go down the hall. And then I couldn't think of anything that rhymed with 'hall' apart from 'cannonball'. so I wrote 'Slowly walking down the hall/ Faster than a cannonball' and people were like, 'Wow, fuck , man'. There's also the line 'Where were you while we were getting high?' because that's what we always say to each other. But the number of people who've started clubs called Champagne Supernova is fucking unbelievable. And the album isn't even released yet.""




Infante Philip, Duke of Calabria

Prince Philip of Naples and Sicily, Duke of Calabria, Infante of Spain (13 June 1747 – 19 September 1777) was, at his birth, the eldest son of King Carlo of Naples and Sicily. He was the heir to the throne but never succeeded. His younger brothers, Charles IV of Spain and Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies, replaced him in the succession. When his father became King of Spain in 1759, Philip remained in Naples where he lived until his death from smallpox at the age of thirty. He was given the title of Duke of Calabria as heir to the throne.

Named after his grandfather Philip V of Spain, he was expected to succeed to the Spanish throne at his fathers death. By birth he was an "infante" of Spain as well as a prince of the kingdoms of Sicily and Naples. He was the heir to one of the largest collection of former Italian states. Because of his disability he was mostly kept out of public view and forced to live quietly at the Palace's of Capodimonte and the Palace of Caserta. He died of smallpox in 1777, unmarried and childless. 


Arctic char

Arctic char or Arctic charr, Salvelinus alpinus, is a cold water fish in the family Salmonidae. It is native to Arctic, sub-Arctic and alpine lakes. It breeds in fresh water. Char may either be landlocked or anadromous, migrating to the sea. No other freshwater fish is found as far north. It is the only fish species in Lake Hazenon Ellesmere Island in the Canadian Arctic. It is one of the rarest fish species in Britain.Found only in deep, cold, glacial lakes, and is at risk from acidification. In other parts of its range, such as Scandinavia, it is much more common, and is fished extensively. It is also common in the Alps, (particularly in Trentino and in the mountain part of Lombardy). Char are also found in Iceland. In Siberia, it is known as "golets". The Arctic char is a relative of both salmon and lake trout. It shares traits with both. The char's color depends on the time of year and where it lives. The back is usually dark brown or olive green. It has dark spots on a light background on its sides, and the color can be gold, brown, red, or orange. At spawning, the fins and belly become bright red or orange.

Ri Kun-mo

Ri Kun-mo (5 April 1926 – 2001) was a North Korean politician (CND). He was Prime Minister from 29 December 1986 to 12 December 1988. He resigned in 1988 due to poor health. He succeeded Kang Song-san. His successor was Yon Hyong Muk.

Danny Lloyd

Danny Edward Lloyd (born January 1, 1973) is an American teacher and former child actor. He is known for his role as Danny Torrance in Stanley Kubrick's "The Shining". He was born in Chicago, Illinois.


Dolly Varden

The Dolly Varden ("Salvelinus malma") is a species of salmonid. It is native to cold-water tributaries of the Pacific Ocean in Asia and North America. In the past it has been mistaken for a species of trout. Dolly Varden are in the genus "Salvelinus" of true chars. They are covered with light spots on a dark background (trout have dark spots on a light background). They may either be landlocked or anadromous (meaning they migrate to the sea). The coloring depends on their environment. Those that travel to the sea (anadromous) are dark blue on the head, back and upper sides. Freshwater (or landlocked) Dolly Varden are brown to olive green on the head, back and upper sides. The belly is light colored. They feed on aquatic insects, other fish and their eggs.

Dolly Varden was the name of a fictional character in an 1841 Charles Dickens novel. She was known for liking brightly colored dresses. At that time very colorful women's dresses were called "Dolly Vardens". Livingston Stone noted that in 1872 fishermen on the McCloud River in California were calling the brightly colored fish they caught "Dolly Varden" after the dresses. But there were no Dolly Varden in the McCloud river. They may have been catching its near relative the Bull Trout. In spite of the mistake the name stuck for 'Salvelinus malma'.

Lake trout

""Cristovomer"" "redirects here. For other uses, see Cristovomer (disambiguation)." 
The lake trout (Salvelinus namaycush) is a species of ray-finned fish. It isn't a trout but a member of the freshwater char family. It lives mainly in lakes in northern North America. 

It is dark gray to olive green in color. It has light spots on their sides. Lake trout have a deeply forked tail. It is a species that has adapted well to the arctic and boreal regions of North America. It will eat nearly anything but can go long periods without food. It can eat other fish that are half it's own length.Lake trout can live from 25 to 40 years. Lake trout spawn eight to ten years in a row. The female produces 1,000 eggs for every kilogram she weighs. The largest lake trout ever caught was in Canada and weighed 121 pounds. 

Other names for it include mackinaw, lake char (or charr), touladi, togue, and grey trout. In Lake Superior, it can also be variously known as siscowet, paperbelly and lean. The lake trout is prized both as a game fish and as a food fish.

Porcupine caribou

The porcupine caribou or Grant's caribou ("Rangifer tarandus granti") is a subspecies of the caribou. They are found in Alaska and parts of Canada. It resembles the subspecies, barren-ground caribou ("R. t. groenlandicus"), and is sometimes included in it.

Migratory caribou herds are named after their birthing grounds. In this case it is the Porcupine River, which runs through a large part of the range of the Porcupine herd. The herd has been losing numbers in recent years. In 1989 they numbered about 178,000. The estimates for 2010 numbered them at about 169,000. They migrate over a year between their winter range and calving grounds on the Beaufort Sea. It is the longest land migration route of any land mammal on earth. Their range spans across the Alaska/Yukon border. They are jointly managed by Alaska, Canada and local Native American peoples. They are important food for the Gwichʼin. They are a First Nations/Alaska Native people, who traditionally follow the caribou. The herd is also routinely hunted by other peoples, including the Inupiat, Inuvialuit, Hän, and Northern Tutchone. 

Iowa Energy

The Iowa Energy are an American professional basketball team based in Des Moines, Iowa. They play in the Eastern Conference in the NBA Development League (NBA D-League). This is a minor league basketball organization owned and run by the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Energy play their home games at the Wells Fargo Arena. They broke the D-league attendance record on their first ever home game with 8,842 fans. They won their first D-league championship in 2011. In 2009 and 2014, the team won Division Titles. In 2010 and 2011 they won Conference Titles. Their NBA team sponsor is the Memphis Grizzlies. 

Jerry Vale

Jerry Vale (born Gennaro Luigi Vitaliano; July 8, 1930 – May 18, 2014) was an American singer. He was known for his soft Italian voice. He made many albums some of them included "Innamorata", "You Don't Know Me", "Old Cape Cod", and "Have You Looked into Your Heart". Vale appeared as himself in many movies such as in "Goodfellas" and "Casino.

Vale died in Palm Desert, California from natural causes, aged 83.

Wubbo Ockels

Dr. Wubbo Johannes Ockels (28 March 1946 – 18 May 2014) was a Dutch physicist, mathematician and astronaut. He worked for the European Space Agency (ESA). In 1985, he was in a flight on a Space Shuttle (STS-61-A). This made him the first Dutch citizen in space. Ockels was born in Almelo, Netherlands.

Ockels died from complications of kidney cancer on 18 May 2014 in Amsterdam, Netherlands, aged 68.

Boston Mountains

The Boston Mountains area is a high and deeply dissected plateau. They are located in northern Arkansas and eastern Oklahoma. The Oklahoma portion of the range is locally called the Cookson Hills. The rocks of the region are sedimentary layers of the Paleozoic age. The highest ridges and peaks are capped by Pennsylvanian sandstone and shale. The deeply eroded valleys are cut into Mississippian limestones and below that layer Ordovician dolomites.

The Boston Mountains form the southwestern part of the Ozark plateau. They are the highest and most rugged part of the Ozarks. This is because of their young age relative to the other sections. The highest point is 2,578 feet. It has valleys 500 to 1,550 feet deep. Turner Ward Knob (TWK) is the highest named peak. It is in western Newton County, Arkansas and rises to .

The Boston Mountains are the source of several rivers and streams. They flow out from the mountains in all directions. The Boston mountains are the sources of the White River, the Buffalo River, the Kings River and War Eagle Creek. Other rivers and streams having their headwaters in the Boston Mountains include the Illinois River, the Mulberry River, Lee Creek, Frog Bayou, Big Piney Creek, Illinois Bayou, and the Little Red River. To the south, the Arkansas River valley separates the Boston Mountains from the Ouachita Mountains.

Muppet Treasure Island

Muppet Treasure Island is a 1996 musical adventure comedy movie. It is based upon Robert Louie Stevenson's novel Treasure Island, and is about The Muppets going on a sea voyage and meeting pirates. It is the fifth feature movie to star The Muppets. Brian Henson (son of Jim Henson) directed. Long John Silver was played by Tim Curry.

The reviews of "Muppet Treasure Island" were mostly positive. The movie was a strong success at the box office.

Human (song)

"Human" is a single by The Human League. It is about two people who were unfaithful to each other. The song got mixed reviews. It hit #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

This song was released in August 1986.

Autism Society of America

The Autism Society of America is a national organization that was founded in 1965. Its original name was National Society for Autistic Children. Their goal is increasing awareness of autism and problems related to it.

Since 1970, ASA has held conferences on autism spectrum conditions.

Gryphaea

Gryphaea (the Devil's toenail) is a genus of extinct oysters which were once very common. Their fossils are common on the Jurassic Coast in southern England, and in the margins of the old Sundance Sea in the United States. It is a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Gryphaeidae. 

These bivalves were at their peak in the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods, when they sat in huge muddy oyster beds in shallow tropical seas. The genus survived a long time, but went extinct about 34 million years ago (mya). 

The oyster shell has two 'valves': a larger gnarly-shaped shell (the 'toenail') and a smaller, flattened shell, the 'lid'. The soft parts of the animal lived in the gap between the two shells, just like modern oysters. The shells have prominent growth bands. The large curved shell sat in the mud on the sea floor. 

In England at the coasts of Redcar and Weymouth in the Kimmeridgian clay; in the U.S.A in riverbanks and cliffs of Texas and Kansas. They are often washed out of the clay onto the beach or river banksides.

Beaver Lake (Arkansas)

Beaver Lake is a man-made reservoir in the Ozark Mountains of Northwest Arkansas. It is formed by a dam across the White River. Beaver Lake has some of natural shoreline. It has towering limestone bluffs, natural caves, and a wide variety of trees and flowering shrubs. The thick forests come right to the water's edge. It is a popular tourist destination. Beaver Lake is the source of drinking water in Northwest Arkansas. It is managed, treated and sold by Beaver Water District. The Beaver Lake dam was completed in 1966 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers who continue to manage it. Beaver lake is the first of four reservoirs that control the White river between its headwaters in the Boston Mountains and where it enters the Mississippi River. The other three are Table Rock Lake, Lake Taneycomo and Bull Shoals Lake.

Zong (mobile network)

Zong ( ) is a Pakistani mobile network operator. It is based in the capital city of Pakistan, Islamabad. It is owned by China Mobile Pakistan, a sister company of China Mobile.

It is the first international project by China Mobile. It has more than 25 million users, which makes it third biggest mobile company in Pakistan.

Ozark–St. Francis National Forest

he Ozark – St. Francis National Forest is a U.S. National Forest in the state of Arkansas. It is two separate forests, the Ozark National Forest and the St. Francis National Forest. Each has their own biology, topography, and geology. Together, the two forests have 25 developed campgrounds. They also include swimming areas, hiking trails, and streams for fishing. Most of the trails in both were built under the Works Progress Administration and Civilian Conservation Corps.

The Forest has of old-growth forests. These are mainly in the southern portion of the Forest on ridges and steep south-facing slopes. They are mostly Shortleaf Pine and various oaks. The oaks include Post Oak, Blackjack Oak, Eastern Black Oak, White Oak, and Northern Red Oak. The Forest is also home to five different endangered species of wildlife. It also has an additional three threatened species.

Zong (mobile payments)

Zong was a mobile payment company that allowed users to make payments of small amounts of money on the internet through postpaid mobile phones. These payments were charged in mobile phone bills by the mobile operator. The company was bought by eBay in 2011 and disappeared in 2015. 

Zong was based on PayPal based service. Many online games and social networks supported its mobile payment system. It can also be used to buy non-physical things.

Zong was the global division of the mobile payment company Echovox. It was started in 2008 and eBay bought it in 2011. It is connected with 67 mobile operators in 13 countries.

Zong focused on social networks and online games. They were useful to people who did not have a credit card and those who wanted to make small purchases online. Zong allowed them to pay with their mobile terminal and the amount was then debited by the mobile operator.

The partnership of Zong with mobile operators allowed them to charge customers using short numbers. On March 12, 2009, Zong announced to stop short messaging services and target its mobile payment system. Zong published an application programming interface to allow developers to sell and publish content to mobile customers worldwide.

Old-growth forest

An old-growth forest (also called primary forest, virgin forest, primeval forest, late seral forest, or in Britain, ancient woodland) is a forest that has reached a great age without much disturbance.

It has unique ecological features, and might be classified as a climax community. Old-growth features include various tree-related structures. These provide wildlife habitats which increase the bio-diversity of the forested ecosystem.

Usually old-growth forests have multi-layered, open canopies. The interwoven canopy often blocks sunlight from reaching lower trees or the forest floor. The old forests also include varied tree heights and diameters, with large fallen logs (or tree trunks) across the forest floor. In Europe, less than 7% of forests are old-growth, as mainly due to industrial logging in the 20th century. In the United States, estimates are that only 10% of old-growth forests remain. In Asia old-growth forests are sometimes lost in regional conflicts.

Zong (disambiguation)

Zong may refer to:


Synthetic fuel

A synthetic fuel (or synfuel) is a fuel in liquid or gas form that can be manufactured. Synfuels have long been made from coal. Oil extracted from shale or tar sands is also sometimes called synfuel. Fuels can also be made from non-food crops. 

Tar sands are a combination of sand and a thick oil called bitumen. This, along with oil shale, which is a layer of rock riddled with hydrocarbons in the form of kerogen, can be heated with steam to remove the crude oil in the two substances. Like oil, it must be refined before being put to use. 


Lahore Garrison University

Lahore Garrison University (Urdu:) is a university in Lahore, Punjab. The university is run by the Pakistan army. It has two campus in the townships of Defence Housing Authority, Lahore and Lahore Cantonment.

Figueres

Figueres is a municipality in Catalonia, Spain. Salvador Dali was born there.

Walt Disney Television

It was started in 1983, as the Walt Disney Pictures Television Division, the name was later shortened to Walt Disney Pictures Television and in 1986 was later shortened to Walt Disney Television in 1988. Until 1983, Disney shows were aired under the banner of the parent company, then named Walt Disney Productions.


Quapaw

The Quapaw people are a tribe of Native Americans. From the 17th century they resided on the west side of the Mississippi River in what is now the state of Arkansas. The territory and state was named for them, as Europeans first learned their name as the "Arkansea". This was the term used by the Algonquian-speaking Illini people. They are among the Siouan-speaking peoples west of the Mississippi.

The Quapaw are federally recognized as the "Quapaw Tribe of Indians". Since removal in 1834, their tribal base has been in present-day Oklahoma. The number of members enrolled in the tribe is 3,240.

Zbigniew Pietrzykowski

Zbigniew Jan Pietrzykowski (4 October 1934 – 19 May 2014) was a Polish boxer. He participated in three Olympic Games. He won a medal in every game. He fought 44 times, winning 42 times and losing twice. In his career, he fought 350 fights; he won 334, drew 2 and lost 14.

Kaiketsu Masateru

Kaiketsu Masateru (Japanese: 魁傑 將晃, born Teriyuki Nishimori; February 16, 1948 – May 18, 2014) was a Japanese sumo wrestler. He also won two top division tournament championships. After his retirement in 1979 he became a coach. He was also chairman of the Japan Sumo Association from 2010 to 2012.

He died on May 18, 2014 while practicing golf from heart disease in Tokyo. He was 66.

Gerald Edelman

Gerald Maurice Edelman (July 1, 1929 – May 17, 2014) was an American biologist. He shared the 1972 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Rodney Robert Porter. They won the award for their work on the immune system. Edelman's Nobel Prize-winning research concerned discovery of the structure of antibody molecules.

Edelman died from Parkinson's disease and prostate cancer in La Jolla, California, aged 84.


Hans-Peter Dürr

Hans-Peter Dürr (October 7, 1929 – May 18, 2014) was a German physicist. He worked on nuclear and quantum physics, elementary particles and gravitation, epistemology, and philosophy. He was born in Stuttgart and died in Munich.

Gordon Willis

Gordon Hugh Willis, Jr. (May 28, 1931 – May 18, 2014) was an American cinematographer. He worked with Francis Ford Coppola. He is known for his works such as "The Godfather", "Manhattan", and "Annie Hall".

Willis died in North Falmouth, Massachusetts from metastatic cancer, aged 82.

WildBrain

WildBrain (formerly known as DHX Media) is a Canadian production company and animation studio. WildBrain produces children's television programming. The company is best known for producing ", Franny's Feet," "Strawberry Shortcake", "Sonic Prime", "Ella the Elephant" and "Johnny Test".

Sexsmith, Alberta

Sexsmith is a small town in Alberta, Canada. It is near Grande Prairie, Alberta. As of 2010, 2,418 people lived there. The mayor of Sexsmith is Claude Lagace. 

Ed Markey

Edward John "Ed" Markey (born July 11, 1946) is an American politician. He is the United States senator of Massachusetts serving since July 2013. Before being senator, Markey was a member of the United States House of Representatives for Massachusetts. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Markey is a progressive. He has focused on climate change and energy policy. He is the Senate author of the Green New Deal. Markey's progressive policies have made him popular with younger voters. The Hill called him "a Gen-Z Icon".

In 2020, then-U.S. Representative Joe Kennedy III ran against Markey for the Democratic nomination in that Senate race. Markey beat Kennedy III with 55% of the vote. Markey became the first person to beat a member of the Kennedy family in a Massachusetts election.

Since 1988, Markey has been married to Susan Blumenthal, who works for the Health and Human Services for Women's Health. From 2005 to 2017, he was a writer for "The Huffington Post".

Panguitch, Utah

Panguitch is a city in Garfield County, Utah. As of 2020, 1,725 people lived in Panguitch. The city has cold winters and warm summers.

UAAP Season 77

UAAP Season 77 will be the 2014–2015 season of the University Athletic Association of the Philippines. It will start on May 22,2014 at the Mall of Asia Arena. It will be hosted by University of the East. Ms. Carmelita Mateo will be the league President for this season. Eight universities will be competing in fifteen sports to earn points for the general championship. Some of these sports are aired live or on a delayed telecast by ABS-CBN Sports+Action and ABS-CBN Channel 2. All the men's basketball games and the women's volleyball games are aired live by ABS-CBN Sports.

Halifax, Nova Scotia

Halifax, legally known as the Halifax Regional Municipality (HRM), is the capital of the province of Nova Scotia, in Canada. The population of the Halifax region was 359,111 in the year 2001.

On 6 December 1917, about 2,000 people were killed in the Halifax Explosion.


Harry Gordon Selfridge

Harry Gordon Selfridge, Sr. (11 January 1858 – 8 May 1947) was an American-British business owner. He founded the London-based department store Selfridges. He was one of the most respected and wealthy retail businessmen in the United Kingdom.

Selfridge was born in Ripon, Wisconsin. Selfridge was raised in Jackson, Michigan. Selfridge's parents were Robert Oliver Selfridge and his wife Lois. They had three sons. His father fought in the American Civil War. He was a major in the Union Army. After he was discharged, he did not come back to the family.

Both of Selfridge's brothers died young. His mother taught school. From the age of 10, Harry began working. He sold newspapers to help his mother. Later he stocked shelves at a store.

When he was 21, Selfridge went to Chicago. He worked for Field, Leiter and Company. This later became Marshall Field's & Co. He worked there for 25 years. Selfridge started the idea of a bargain basement in a department store. Selfridge's ideas added to the success of Marshall Field & Company. When he asked Marshall Field to let him become a partner, Field was surprised, but he agreed. Field even lent him the money needed to become a partner.

After visiting England, Selfridge decided to open his own department store in London. In 1909, his store opened on Oxford Street. It brought about many changes in shopping. It is still a big store today. Selfridges & Co. was named the Best Department Store in the World in 2010 and 2012. and 2014.

In 1890, Selfridge married Rose Buckingham. Her family was wealthy and influential. Rose was a property developer when she married. She died of the Spanish flu in 1918. Harry never married again, even though he had several girlfriends.

Selfridge died of pneumonia in Putney, London, aged 89.

Selfridge wrote the book "The Romance of Commerce." He used a ghostwriter to help him write it. The book was published in 1918.


Warid Telecom

Warid Telecom International is an Arabic mobile telecommunication company. The company provides telephone services in the Congo, Pakistan, and Uganda.

In 2004, Warid Telecom International bought a license for starting a national mobile network and long distance international network for $291 million US dollars. It was the first project of Warid Telecom International.

The license was bid by a team headed by Bashir Tahir, the then CEO of the Abu Dhabi Group, which is the parent company of Warid Telecom International.

In December 2005, Warid Telecom International got a 15-year GSM license to operate as the sixth mobile network in Bangladesh at the cost of USD 50 million.

Warid Telecom International bought a GSM based mobile license on January 2008. It is a joint project with the government of the Congo.

Joan Castejón

Joan Ramón García Castejón, Elche, (December 17, 1945), known as Joan Castejón is a Spanish draftsman, painter and sculptor, considered one of the leading representatives of social realism in the Spanish postwar plastic renewal of the 70s and 80s. Member of the Grup d'Elx.

His work has been exhibited in some of the most important museums in Spain, among others, the Institut Valencià d'Art Modern (IVAM), the Museum of the University of Alicante, Guerricabeitia Martinez Collection at the University of Valencia, Miguel Hernández University of Elche, the Bancaja Foundation Center, Centre of the Carmen Valencia, and the Museum of Contemporary Art of Elche.

At sixteen he moved to Valencia, where he received training in the fine arts at the Academy of San Carlos. His first solo exhibition is held in the Valencian art gallery Mateu in 1966. This first moment of his career (1964-1967) can be described as neofigurative. The human figure (sometimes grouped) appears in the middle of undefined spaces. Works from this stage, including anthropomorphic themed drawings, announce the peculiar features that characterize his later works.

That momentum of his career was cut short, however, by the traumatic time in prison tafter taking part in the demonstrations of May 1967 in Valencia against Francoist regimen. After standing up for a friend who was being brutally beat, a plainclothes agent arrested Castejón. He received several beatings that night and short after that was sentenced to six years in prison. Until mid 1969 remains in prisons of Valencia and Teruel. That year became part of the Grup d'Elx in its second stage, participating in their exhibitions until 1971. On these facts, re-enters the prison in the Canary Islands during seven months of 1971. While in prison he draw around two thousand drawings with wax or pencil, and define another specific stage of production.

Castejón marries Paca Galván and in 1973 returned to Valencia where he briefly rejoins the local art scene, but a year later he settled permanently in Dénia. Takes up painting. Explicit and shocking expressionism during this decade of the seventies. Later in the 80s explores a brighter abstraction inspired by the landscape. Theatrical virtuoso drawing dominates the 90s. Human being has become the central poetics reference of his work.

In 1999 he was appointed Adopted Son of Dénia, the city where he lives since 1974.

If there is one aspect that stands out in the work of Joan Castejón is his exceptional drawing skills, a palpable mastery also in his painting and leading to write to José Manuel Caballero Bonald "the artist draws a classic and meditate as a prophet". The author and official historian of Alicante Enrique Cerdan Tato wrote in El Pais on the work of Castejón: " ... he wanted to express the universe of man revealed by violence".

On leaving prison he painted a series of one hundred works inspired by the work of Gabriel García Márquez One Hundred Years of Solitude, which exposes in Valencia and Barcelona. Mario Vargas Llosa wrote on this occasion about Castejón's art: "So one of the most interesting aspects of this collection of pictures of Castejón show that even today the art of painting can, without abandon modernity, have the literature as a starting point. Like a woman, a dream, or a crime, a novel can be for an artist a creative ferment... " 

Artur Balder writes, in relation to the work of Castejón, that "an indispensable condition of the Gesamtkunstwerk, with a base of either visual, literary, or musical representation, is its timeless condition, its ability to withstand the test of time itself by rising instead of sinking into the spasm of momentary fashion, and perish with it a few years, and only to be seen in that context, as in a narrow place of history. However, Castejón, next to the absolute hero in its representation of humanism, can be attributed, as an artist, as Juan Gil-Albert described, "in whose light the depths of so looming giant men, that I was forced to retain breath and meditate." 

Martí Dominguez published in the pages of El País around drawing skills in the art of Castejón: "Any exaggeration is objectionable, and to say that Joan Castejón is possibly the best Spanish artist who by now dominates human anatomy may seem a excess, but it is not." 

His exhibition "Per a Paca" visited many cities in Alicante between 2009 and 2010 as a tribute to his wife. According to the newspaper La Verdad it was "a retrospective of historical memories of the couple." 

The largest public collection of works by Castejón is gathered at the Museum of Contemporary Art in his hometown Elche. The largest private collection was the collection Lecasse Foundation in Alcoy, containing about two hundred works acquired by businessman Lionel Grau Mullor during the eighties and nineties. Currently this collection was divided among his heirs. The collection of drawings dedicated to Don Quixote belong to the IVAM. Another good part of Parts is in the collection of Foundation Bancaja, Valencia.







Katherine Mansfield

Katherine Mansfield Beauchamp Murry (14 October 1888 – 9 January 1923) was a writer. She was born in New Zealand. She moved to the United Kingdom when she was 19. She died when she was 34.

Mansfield was born into a middle-class family in Wellington. She was a cousin of Elizabeth von Arnim. She went to Queen's College with her sisters.

Prudhoe Bay Oil Field

Prudhoe Bay Oil Field is a large oil field on Alaska's North Slope. It is the largest oil field in both the United States and in North America. It coverers and originally contained about of oil. It has twice as much recoverable oil as the next largest field in the United States, the East Texas oil field. The field is operated by British Petroleum. Its partners are ExxonMobil and ConocoPhillips Alaska.

The field is located north of Fairbanks. It is on the North Slope and lies between the National Petroleum Reserve–Alaska to the west and the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to the east.

Ionic order

The Ionic order is one of the three main classical orders ("styles") of ancient Greek and Roman architecture. The other two are the Doric order and the Corinthian order (which gave rise to the Composite order). The Ionic capital is notable for its use of volutes. The Ionic columns normally stand on a base which separates the shaft of the column from the stylobate or platform. The cap is usually enriched with egg-and-dart. It was a popular style in Athens. The Athenians considered themselves Ionians.

Shotacon

Shotacon, sometimes shortened to shota (ショタ), is a Japanese slang portmanteau of the phrase Shōtarō complex (正太郎コンプレックス). A Shotacon is described as a person who is attracted to fictional boys 16 or younger, or who is attracted to fictional boys who have the appearance of a character who is 16 or younger. See also: ""

The girl version is called Lolicon.

Morris Weiss

Morris Weiss (August 11, 1915 – May 18, 2014) was an American comic book and comic strip artist and writer. His career began in 1930. He would retire in 1970. Weiss worked with Marvel Comics. He is known for creating Mickey Finn and Joe Palooka.

Weiss died from natural causes, aged 98.

Ľudovít Lehen

Ľudovít Lehen (3 June 1925 – 12 May 2014) was a Slovak painter and chess composer. His career began in 1977 with composing chess problems. He was arrested for six years. He was arrested for being a communist in then-Czechoslovakia.

Lehen died in Bratislava, Slovakia, aged 88.

James River (disambiguation)

The James River is a river in the U.S. state of Virginia.

James River may also refer to:

Rivers:

Roger Ramjet

Roger Ramjet is an American children's animated comedy. It first aired in 1965. It last aired in 1997 on the Cartoon Network.

James River (Missouri)

The James River is a river in southern Missouri. Its source is near the town of Diggins in Webster County. It begins on a northwesterly course, then turns southwest near Northview. It passes down the east side of Springfield where a dam creates Lake Springfield. From Springfield, it flows west and then south to Galena. Shortly after Galena it enters Table Rock Lake. Before the dam that created Table Rock Lake, the James River emptied into the White River. 

Large sections of the James River are used by canoes or kayaks. A solid 3-day float from the spillway below Lake Springfield to Galena is possible when the levels are high enough. There are several access points along the river. These offer a variety of amenities including fishing and boat rentals. 

The James River is not a water source for the city of Springfield. However, Springfield Lake is a primary source of water for the cooling system at the Southeast Power Plant which sits by the dam. James River Freeway on the city's south side is named after the river. The river's unusual green stain is from copper-fixing bacteria present in the waters.


High Chaparral Theme Park

High Chaparral is a Wild West theme park and museum, close to Värnamo, Sweden. It features cultural artifacts and collectibles. It opened in 1966, founded by Bengt Erlandson, more commonly known as 'Big Bengt'.

Big Bengt was born in 1922 in Brännehylte, Småland. His parents owned a forest farm and a wood mill. Big Bengt was involved in starting over 1000 companies. His interest in the Wild West was born from coming from a countryside where many had emigrated to America and from the stories they told. Bengt went to the United States himself in 1956 and in 4 months covered 4000 km. He came back to Sweden with a lot of impressions. When the Swedish national phone company had to get rid of 200,000 telephone poles, Bengt took the opportunity and constructed a fort. When many people started to get curious about the place, he realized its possibilities. 

The park was opened in 1966. It stages several stunt shows a day. It also has a steam train that runs through the park. There is both the classic Wild West section, an Indian themed area, a Mexican themed area, and a museum overflowing with cultural artifacts, old cars, machinery, and various Cold War oddities such as the bronze monster-size statue of Lenin expelled from Nowa Huta.

Lamia (mythology)

Lamia is a demon in Greek mythology. A monster who preyed on human beings and who sucked the blood of children. It is often described as having the head and breasts of a woman and the lower half of a serpent.

Compassion

Compassion is a positive response and desire to help with an inner motivation to lessen or prevent suffering of others.

Compassion motivates people to go out of their way to help physical, spiritual, or emotional hurts or pains of another. The word “compassion” comes from Latin and Greek to mean “to suffer with.” Compassion means to suffer with another, and it includes a spontaneous desire to alleviate that suffering. Pity and compassion are closely related words but have subtle differences. The difference is that compassion usually involves some commitment to help. Pity does not usually require any personal involvement.


Virtual method table

The virtual method table (VMT) is a table that contains pointers to virtual functions.

International Indian School, Dammam

International Indian School, Dammam (formerly known as Indian Embassy School) is located in the Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia.
The current principal of the school is mehnaz farid[2021].
It is the largest in terms of area as well as number of students in the Middle East.

Steve Burns

Steven Michael "Steve" Burns (born October 9, 1973) is an American entertainer. He was the original host of the children's television program "Blue's Clues". He continues to act and is a musician.

In 2001 Burns was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award for "Blue's Clues".

Burns was born in Boyertown, Pennsylvania. He attended Boyertown Area Senior High School in Berks County and graduated from there in 1991.

Burns played in bands called Sudden Impact US, Nine Pound Truck, and the Ivys (which he has called a "Morrissey rip-off band") while in high school and college. He studied theatre under an acting scholarship at DeSales University in Center Valley, Pennsylvania in the Lehigh Valley. He dropped out of school and moved to New York City to then become a professional actor. He lived in a basement apartment near Times Square, finding his first success as a voice-over artist for ads and making appearances on "" and "Law & Order".

In 1995, Burns auditioned for "Blue's Clues", thinking it was another voice-over role. He had long hair and an earring. "I was a bit of a skate rat," he said. Initially, the Nickelodeon executives were not supportive of Burns hosting their new show; in subsequent auditions the show's creators requested that he dress more conservatively. (Burns reported that the creators, in a call-back phone conversation, asked him, "Could you not look like yourself tomorrow morning?") It became apparent, however, that he was the favorite with preschool test audiences. Executive producer and co-creator Traci Paige Johnson reported that of the 100 people they auditioned, Burns was "the realest". As Dr. Alice Wilder, Nickelodeon's Director of Research and Development said, "[T]here was just something about this kid, who was fresh out of Pennsylvania, who just knew where to look in the camera to really talk to kids. He was just right."

"Blue's Clues" was an instant hit, due to Burns' performances as much as the show's format. He became "a superstar" among his audience and their parents, but unknown to everyone else, and enjoyed what he called being a "micro-celebrity, about as small a celebrity as you can be." As the "New York Times" reported, he "developed an avid following among both preteen girls and mothers. The former send torrents of e-mail; the latter scrutinize the show with an intensity that might make even Elmo, the red Muppet, blush." In 2000, "People" magazine included Burns in their annual list of America's most eligible bachelors. According to writer Diane Tracy, Burns was "destined for the part". Also according to Tracy, Burns was not the typical children's television host: "There is nothing syrupy about him—his humor is sometimes borderline offbeat, but never inappropriate for preschoolers."

Burns became "very involved" with the production of "Blue's Clues" from the beginning. One of the most challenging aspects of being the host of the show was performing in front of the "blue screen" before the animation was added. Burns called it "maddening" and likened it to "acting at the bottom of a swimming pool."

After nearly six years and nearly 100 episodes, Burns departed "Blue's Clues" in 2002.

According to Johnson, Burns never wanted to become a "children's host". He loved kids, but stated "he could not make a life-long career out of it". Burns went on by saying "I knew I wasn't going to be doing children's television all my life, mostly because I refused to lose my hair on a kid's TV show, and it was happening, fast". The day following the filming of his final episode for the show, he shaved his head. This was something he wanted to do for many years, but the show's producers would not allow it. On the FAQ section of his webpage, when asked why he shaved his head, and if he had been trying to make a statement, Burns replied, "Yes, the statement is, 'We have male pattern baldness.'"

Burns's departure caused a resurface of the rumors that had circulated about him since 1998. Burns replied, "The rumor mill surrounding me has always been really strange." Some of these "specious claims" included: death from a heroin overdose, being killed in a car accident, and, like what was rumored to have happened to Paul McCartney in 1966, him having been replaced with a look-alike. After Burns' departure, the "Blue's Clues" actor was then replaced by Donovan Patton as Steve's younger brother "Joe". Burns made an appearance on "The Rosie O'Donnell Show" to dispute these rumors, and he and co-creator Angela Santomero appeared on "The Today Show" to help concerned parents extinguish the fears of kids who may have heard these rumors.

In an interview with The Huffington Post in 2016, Burns addresses the rumors about his departure: "People think I left the show to pursue a music career. That didn’t happen at all. I left the show because it was just simply time to go. I was pretty much playing a boyish, older-brotherish kind of character on the show. I was getting older; I was losing my hair; a lot of the original people on the show, like the people who created it, were all moving on to other careers. It just felt like time. I just had a gut feeling like it was time to go." Burns still owns the original Thinking Chair, which his non-animated dog Mickey reportedly loves to sit on.

Burns worked on material for his first album, "Songs for Dustmites", for two and a half years at a small studio in his home in Brooklyn before it was produced by PIAS Records in late 2002. He started work on the album after he left "Blue's Clues" in 2002, and it was later released in 2003. He posted eleven songs on his webpage, and then realizing he needed help with drums and arrangements went to Steven Drozd of The Flaming Lips for advice. Drozd assisted Burns with six tracks, Lips bassist Michael Ivins engineered the album, and longtime Lips producer David Fridmann produced it. One of the songs from the album, "Mighty Little Man," is used as the opening theme for the CBS series "Young Sheldon."

Burns started a band, Steve Burns and the Struggle, and completed his second album, "Deep Sea Recovery Efforts", which was released in 2009. Members of the Struggle include Drozd and Ryan Smith of A Million Billion.

Burns acted in the 2007 horror-comedy film "Netherbeast Incorporated" with Darrell Hammond and Dave Foley, playing the part of a vampire. In 2008, he played an astronaut in "Christmas on Mars", a science fiction film from The Flaming Lips. In March 2012, he appeared in the YouTube comedy series "The Professionals".

In late 2016, Burns released a children's album with Drozd, titled "Foreverywhere". They released a video of the album's first song, "The Unicorn and Princess Rainbow".








Toby Kebbell

Tobias Alistair P. "Toby" Kebbell (born 9 July 1982) is an English actor. He is known for his roles in the movies "Dead Man's Shoes", "", "The Sorcerer's Apprentice", "War Horse", "Wrath of the Titans" and "". 

Kebbell won the Best Supporting Actor Award at the British Independent Film Awards for "Control".

Ludwig Von Drake

Professor Ludwig Von Drake is a fictional duck. He is one of Walt Disney's cartoon and comic book characters.

Von Drake first appeared in "The Wonderful World of Color" in 1961. Paul Frees was the original voice actor.

The Professor is a scientist, psychologist, and road traveler. He is from Vienna, Austria. He enjoys learning. When asked for help from other characters, he usually has a university degree about the topic.

Paul Frees was the original voice of Ludwig Von Drake. After Frees' death in 1986, Walker Edmiston and Albert Ash took over the role. As of 1988, Corey Burton has voiced the character.

George Givot

George David Givot (February 18, 1903 – June 7, 1984) was an actor in movies, television and radio. His strength was speaking in several ethnic dialects. One famous role he played was the voice of Tony in "Lady and the Tramp".

Givot was born in Omaha, Nebraska and died in Palm Springs, California at age 81.

Junius Matthews

Junius Conyers Matthews (June 12, 1890 - January 18, 1978) was an American movie actor.

Matthews voiced the Tin Woodsman in a radio version of "The Wizard of Oz". He also had many supporting roles in radio programs. Matthews played the role of Rabbit in the Winnie the Pooh movies produced by the Disney studio from 1966 to 1977. He voiced Archimedes in The Sword in the Stone.

Matthews died from natural causes in 1978 in Los Angeles. 

Fish lice

Fish lice are the family Argulidae, or 'carp lice'. They are a group of parasitic crustaceans in the class Maxillopoda.

Although they are thought to be primitive forms, they have no fossil record. Argulidae is the only family in the order Arguloida (occasionally "Arguloidea"), although a second family, Dipteropeltidae, has been proposed.

Edward Canby

Edward Canby (November 9, 1817 – April 11, 1873) was a general in the Union army during the American Civil War. He was born in 1817 in Kentucky. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1839. He fought in the Mexican-American War. After moving around to different army posts, he became commander of the U.S. army units in New Mexico in 1860.

Canby was a colonel at the start of the Civil War. He helped defeat a Confederate force during the New Mexico Campaign in early 1862. At the end of March 1862, he was promoted to Brigadier general. He was reassigned to the eastern United States. In 1864, he became commander of the Union forces along the Gulf of Mexico. He captured the Confederate city of Mobile, Alabama in April 1865.

Canby commanded U.S. army units in the South during the Reconstruction of the United States. In 1872, he was sent to the Pacific Northwest to fight the Indian tribes. He was killed in 1873 while trying to make a peace treaty with the Modoc Tribe in northern California.

Milton Bradley Company

Milton Bradley Company is an American company that makes toys and board games. It was formed by Milton Bradley in 1860 in Springfield, Massachusetts. The Milton Bradley company was taken over by Hasbro in 1984. It is still part of Hasbro today. Milton Bradley has made board games like Battleship, Connect Four, Jenga, and Yahtzee.

Seal of Wisconsin

The Great Seal of the State of Wisconsin is the state seal of the U.S. state of Wisconsin. 

The seal has the words "Great Seal of the State of Wisconsin" at its top. At the bottom, it has a cornucopia alongside bars of lead, above 13 stars, one for each of the original 13 states. Also at the top is "Forward", the state motto, and a badger. There are a sailor and a miner to represent mining and shipping, which were major industries when Wisconsin was established. On the four corners of the shield are a plough, a pick and shovel, an arm and hammer, and an anchor. In the center of the shield is the United States shield with the motto E Pluribus Unum. 

The state flag features the state seal on a blue background.

Alireza Soleimani

Alireza Soleimani Karbalaei (, 2 February 1956 – 21 May 2014) was an Iranian super heavyweight freestyle wrestler. 

He was the first and the only Iranian, to this day, to win the gold medal in the Superheavy Weight of Freestyle Wrestling. He won the medal at the World Championship 1989.

He was born in Tehran, Iran. Soleimani died from a heart attack, aged 58.


Seal of Montana

The Great Seal of the State of Montana is the official seal of the U.S. state of Montana. It was adopted in 1865, when Montana was a United States Territory. When Montana became a state in 1889, it decided to use the same seal.

The outer ring of the seal has the words "The Great Seal of the State of Montana". The inner circle shows a landscape of mountains, plains and forests by the Great Falls on the Missouri River and the official state motto "Oro y plata".

Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles

Sherman Oaks is a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California, founded in 1927 with boundary changes afterward. The neighborhood includes a portion of the Santa Monica Mountains, which gives Sherman Oaks a lower population density than some other areas in Los Angeles.

A partner of the Los Angeles Suburban Homes Company, Gen. Moses Hazeltine Sherman, developed Sherman Oaks. The company had subdivided of land that would become Sherman Oaks. In 1927 each acre was sold for $780. Sherman's other major venture was the Los Angeles Pacific Railroad.

In 1991, a group of homeowners living in the Chandler Estates area successfully petitioned former Los Angeles City Councilmember Zev Yaroslavsky to re-draw the boundaries of Sherman Oaks from Magnolia to Burbank Blvd to the north, and from Coldwater Canyon to Van Nuys Blvd to the west, with the goal of including their neighborhood. This request was not anything new to the San Fernando Valley; other neighborhoods had either sought to change their names, or sought to attach themselves onto more affluent neighborhoods to escape from what they saw as growing urban blight and the collapse of their social status.

Residents in the area argued, however, that the area was originally part of Sherman Oaks, but was labeled Van Nuys instead through the creation of ZIP codes in 1962; some residents were able to produce a few property deeds to present their case.

Just a few weeks after the Chandler Estates area successfully seceded from Van Nuys, Magnolia Woods, a 45 block area bordered by Van Nuys Boulevard on the east and the San Diego Freeway on the west, and between Burbank and Magnolia Boulevards, also successfully petitioned Los Angeles City council member Marvin Braude to secede from Van Nuys and join Sherman Oaks. Petitioners in the area argued that their neighborhood was also part of Sherman Oaks, though they were only able to produce 22 deeds showing so. As a result of this change, Van Nuys Middle School became separated from its namesake neighborhood.

Finally, in 2009, the Los Angeles City council voted to redraw neighborhood boundaries again to allow an area of about 1,800 homes in Van Nuys to be included. This proposal attracted criticism from locals.

The 1994 Northridge earthquake caused damages in the surrounding area. The Community Redevelopment Agency sought to manage the rebuilding efforts. The homeowners in the Sherman Oaks area later won a lawsuit to prevent the agency from managing efforts.

As of the 2010 census, according to the "San Fernando Valley Almanac", Sherman Oaks had a population of 52,677 people and 25,255 households. The racial makeup of the neighborhood was 82% non-Hispanic white, 5% Asian American and 3% African American; 11% were Hispanic or Latino of any race. Other races made up less than 1%.

The "Los Angeles Times" reported that the 2000 U.S. census counted 61,166 residents in the 9.15-square-mile Sherman Oaks neighborhood, including a wide swath of the Santa Monica Mountains—or 6,687 people per square mile, among the lowest population densities for the city. In 2008, the city estimated that the resident population had increased to 65,436.

In 2000, the percentages of residents aged 19 to 49 and 65 and older were among the county's highest. The percentages of divorced residents and of widows were among the county's highest. The average household size of two people was low when compared to the rest of the city and the county. Renters occupied 58.9% of the housing stock and house- or apartment-owners held 41.1%.

The neighborhood was considered "not especially diverse" ethnically within Los Angeles, with a high percentage of white residents. The breakdown was whites, 73.8%; Latinos, 11.8%; Asians, 5.7%; blacks, 4.4%; and others, 4.4%. Iran (14.1%) and Mexico (8.8%) were the most common places of birth for the 26.2% of the residents who were born abroad—an average percentage for Los Angeles.

The neighborhood had a median household income of $69,651 in 2008, which was high for the city of Los Angeles but about average for the county as a whole. (Median household income reports the amount of money earned by the household that falls exactly in the middle of the pack.) The percentage of households that earned $125,000 and up was high for Los Angeles County.

Arthur Gelb

Arthur Gelb (February 3, 1924 – May 20, 2014) was an American editor, author and executive. He was the managing editor of "The New York Times" from 1986 to 1989. Gelb wrote articles about playwright Eugene O'Neill. His career began in 1944. He was born in New York City.

Gelb died on May 20, 2014 at his home in Manhattan, New York of complications of a stroke. He was 90.

ECW Hardcore Revolution

ECW Hardcore Revolution is a professional wrestling video game published and released by Acclaim Entertainment . The game is based on Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). It was the first video game based on their promotion.

It was released for the Nintendo 64 on January 31, 2000 in North America and March 3, 2000 in Europe, the PlayStation on January 31, 2000 in North America and in 2000 in Europe, the Game Boy Color in February 2000 in North America and in 2000 in Europe, and the Dreamcast on February 29, 2000 in North America and in 2000 in Europe. A sequel for the game titled "ECW Anarchy Rulz" was released six months after. The gameplay was identical to "WWF Attitude". Most of it was the same except that the WWF owned materials were switched to Extreme Championship Wrestling material.

IGN rated the game a 5 out of 10, saying "after secretly sobbing for months at the loss of its lucrative WWF license, Acclaim has jumped back into the wrestling ring once more with ECW: Hardcore Revolution, a game based around the up-and-coming ... federation" and "Revolution is basically the company's WWF game of last year with a few additions". GameSpot gave the game a 4.2 out of 10 and stated "ECW and its fans deserve better than this" Digital Press rated the game 2.5 out of 10 saying "No matter how much you enjoy ECW, pro wrestling, or video games, this game sucks." 

Douglas Kent Hall

Douglas Kent Hall (December 12, 1938 – March 30, 2008) was an American writer and photographer. He was known for taking pictures during the Vietnam War-era and at Woodstock. Hall took famous pictured of Jimi Hendrix and Jim Morrison. Hall was born in Vernal, Utah. 

Hall died suddenly of cardiac arrest in his Albuquerque, New Mexico home, aged 69.

Vernal, Utah

Vernal is the county seat and largest city in Uintah County. It is in northeastern Utah about east of Salt Lake City and west of the Colorado border. As of the 2020 census the population of Vernal was 10,079.

Lew Wasserman

Lewis Robert "Lew" Wasserman (March 22, 1913 – June 3, 2002) was an American talent agent and executive. He was manager of MCA, Inc.. He was a mentor to Ronald Reagan and worked closely with Jack Valenti.

Wasserman died in Beverly Hills, California from a stroke, aged 89.

Jack Valenti

Jack Joseph Valenti (September 5, 1921 – April 26, 2007) was an American business person. He was president of the Motion Picture Association of America from 1966 to 2004. During that time, he created the MPAA movie rating system.

Valenti died in Beverly Hills, California from a stroke, aged 85.

Seal of Tennessee

The Great Seal of the State of Tennessee is the official state seal of the U.S. State of Tennessee.

An official seal was provided for in the Constitution of the State of Tennessee of February 6, 1796. The design wasn't started until September 25, 1801.

The outer ring has the words "The Great Seal of the State of Tennessee" and the date "Feb. 6th, 1796". The month and day were left out of later designs so only "1796" is shown.

Milton Bradley (disambiguation)

Milton Bradley may refer to:


ECW Anarchy Rulz (video game)

ECW Anarchy Rulz is a professional wrestling video game developed by Acclaim Studios Salt Lake City and published by Acclaim Entertainment . The game is based on Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). It was the second and final video game based on their promotion before its bankruptcy.

It was released for the PlayStation on August 18, 2000 in North America and in 2000 in Europe, it was also released on the Dreamcast on December 30, 2000 in North America and on February 9, 2001 in Europe. It was the sequel to "ECW Hardcore Revolution" which was released six months earlier. Acclaim tried to make up for their last game by adding many new match types. Some of the matches that they added in were a Street Fight, Tables Match, Inferno Match, Dumpster Match, Lion's Den, Hate Match, and the Team Rumble. There was supposed to be a Nintendo 64 version but it was cancelled because console was approaching the end of production.

IGN rated the game a 3.8 out of 10, saying "I'd recommend Anarchy Rulz only to ECW fans, and their reaction might only be to wonder where everything they liked about the promotion has gone". GameSpot gave the game a 5.5 out of 10 and stated "Things just don't feel quite right, and, even if you like the controls, the AI still cheats too much, the same boring combinations still lead to wins, and crowd involvement still takes precedence over inherent skill," 

Ghoti

Ghoti is an artificial word used to illustrate irregularities in English spelling. It is a respelling of the word "fish": i.e., it is supposed to be pronounced /ˈfɪʃ/. It is made of these phonemes:

Using the same method, "ghoti" can be a silent word, where:

Ghoti is likely to be spontaneously pronounced [goʊtaɪ] or [gəʊtaɪ] (like "go" + "tie"), or [goʊti] ("go" + "tea"), but certainly not like "fish" since "gh" is never pronounced [f] (cf. "ghost") at the beginning of a word neither "ti" is pronounced [ʃ] at the end of a word.

Spelling in English is discussed in orthography. 

Gideon Mantell

Gideon Algernon Mantell MRCS FRS (Lewes, 3 February 1790 – London, 10 November 1852) was an English obstetrician, geologist and palaeontologist.

Mantell's work on the structure and life of "Iguanodon" began the scientific study of dinosaurs. In 1822 he was responsible for the discovery (and the eventual identification) of the first fossil teeth, and later much of the skeleton, of "Iguanodon".

Mantell's work on the Cretaceous of southern England was also important. His phrase the "Age of Reptiles" was significant. He recognised that reptiles were the dominant life-form in what we now call the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods.

Mantell did two things which were most important. He showed that the teeth of "Iguanodon" meant it must be a herbivore, and its shorter front legs meant it could be bipedal (walk on two legs). This was denied by Richard Owen, who did a good deal to hide Mantell's achievements. The discovery of this fossil is known to be the first evidence of a prehistoric reptilian dinosaur, dating back roughly 130 million years ago.

At the end of Mantell's life he suffered terribly from damage to his spine caused by an accident. He took an overdose of opium, which caused his death. It is not known whether he did this deliberately; he took opium to dull the pain.

Sixty-seven books and memoirs appear in Agassiz and Strickland's "Bibliographia Zoologiæ", and forty-eight scientific papers in the Royal Society's Catalogue.

Federico Santa María Technical University

The Federico Santa María Technical University () (UTFSM or also Santa Maria University) is a Chilean university founded on 1926 with a central campus located in Valparaíso. The rest of campuses are located in Viña del Mar, Santiago, Talcahuano and Rancagua, and a international campus in Guayaquil, Ecuador. The institution is the alma mater of some notable Chilean businessmens, engineers and scientists. Actually, campuses are focused on undergraduate, graduate and university academical activities and "sedes" are mainly dedicated to technical degrees.



William Buckland

William Buckland DD FRS (12 March 1784 – 14 August 1856) was an English theologian who became Dean of Westminster. He was also a geologist and palaeontologist.

Buckland wrote the first full account of a fossil dinosaur, which he named "Megalosaurus". He proved that Kirkdale Cave in Yorkshire had been a prehistoric hyena den, for which he was awarded the Copley Medal of the Royal Society. He was praised as an example of how scientific analysis could reconstruct events from the distant past. He was a pioneer in the use of fossilized faeces (he coined the term coprolites) to reconstruct ancient ecosystems.

In 1818, Buckland was elected a fellow of the Royal Society. He became Reader in Geology at Oxford University in 1819. His work "Reliquiæ Diluvianæ" was published in 1823 and became a best seller.

However, over the next decade Buckland changed his mind. In his famous Bridgewater Treatise, "Geology and mineralogy considered with reference to natural theology", he said that the biblical account of Noah's flood could not be confirmed using geological evidence. What had been taken as evidence of the 'Universal Deluge' two decades before was, he thought, evidence of a major glaciation.

Not only was Buckland's home filled with specimens – animal as well as mineral, live as well as dead – but he claimed to have eaten much of the animal kingdom, a practice known as zoöphagy. In 1848 a piece of Louis XIV's mummified heart, taken from his tomb, was kept in a silver locket by the Archbishop of York. It was shown to Buckland, who ate it!

List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network Arabic

This is a list of television programs currently or formerly broadcast by Cartoon Network Arabic in the Middle East. The network was launched on October 10, 2010, and airs mainly animated programming, ranging from action to animated comedy.



Cartoon Network Arabic

Cartoon Network Arabic () is a television channel that is broadcast to children in the Middle East and North Africa, and it is the Arabic version of Cartoon Network. The channel was launched on October 10, 2010 at 10:10 AM U.A.E. time. The channel's launch goes with the opening of Turner Broadcasting System's new offices in Dubai Media City, U.A.E., the channel's local owner. It is a Middle Eastern branch of Time Warner.

The standard channel broadcasts via Arabsat Arabsat-4,Badr 6 and Nilesat. Cartoon Network Arabic is a free alternative to Cartoon Network MENA and Boomerang (EMEA), two pay TV channels offered in the Arab World in HD and in both English and Arabic exclusively on beIN Network since July 1, 2016, despite the varying differences in programming, schedules, and available languages.

In December 2015, Turner Broadcasting System entered an exclusivity deal with the Qatar-based beIN Media Group. This deal lead to Cartoon Network Africa, Boomerang Africa, and TCM moving from OSN to the latter's beIN Network service, and also caused the HD feed on YahLive to shut down; the actual channel, however, is unaffected due to being a free-to-air channel on Nilesat and Arabsat/Badr. 

The channel mainly airs animated cartoons from Cartoon Network Studios. Original productions are produced and aired, along with movies, shorts, live-action series, and shows, movies, subtitled in Arabic from various other studios.

Animated programs aired include original Cartoon Network Studios productions like the "Regular Show", "Uncle Grandpa", "Adventure Time", and "We Bare Bears".

Currently, the channel is only available in Arabic, with no choice to switch to English or any other languages. This is because the channel uses prints that are distributed by the respective shows' Arabic dubbing studios. The channel broadcasts a line of Cartoon Network's own shows dubbed from English. Cartoon Network Arabic may also offer other localized shows, such as the Arabic Ben 10: Ultimate.

Challenge, which are the result of various partnership deals with Arab production companies, such as the Dubai-based Lammtara Pictures (Freej) or the Jordan-based Rubicon Group Holding (Ben & Izzy, Tareq Wa Shireen). Since the channel is a free-to-air channel in the Arab World, it often edits certain programs for content, cutting out certain scenes from them.

Starting from November 5, 2011 Cartoon Network Arabic began to occasionally air a selection of dubbed or subtitled Cartoon Network made-for-TV films and specials at random dates. However, it was not until January 2013 the channel added the Cartoon Network Cinema block to represent its films.

Turner Broadcasting System Europe added the channel to 125 million homes in 112 territories across Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. In Arabic, Cartoonito was launched as a morning block that is broadcast for seven days a week, starting from September 4, 2011.

On March 2012, the channel became available in true High-definition via video at YahLive service. This channel was shut down in 2016 due to the Turner-beIN deal.
A two-hour timeshift channel variant launched on June 30, 2014 via the My HD pay TV network. It was terminated on January 2016 as a consequence of Turner Broadcasting System's deal with beIN Media Group.


Oxygen saturation

Oxygen saturation or dissolved oxygen (DO) is a relative measure of the amount of oxygen (as O) which is dissolved in a given medium.

It can be measured with an oxygen sensor. The standard unit of oxygen saturation is percent (%).

Fish, invertebrates, plants, and aerobic bacteria all need oxygen (dissolved in water) for respiration. In medicine, oxygen saturation refers to "oxygenation". This means when oxygen molecules () enter the tissues of the body. Normal arterial blood oxygen saturation levels in humans are 95–100 percent. If the level is below 90 percent, it is considered low and called "hypoxemia".

Kidz Bop

Kidz Bop is a brand of compilation albums, there is children performing popular pop songs. It began in 2001. The albums have "child-friendly" versions of songs on Top 40 radio. The songs are performed by children and teenagers. The latest album, Kidz Bop 34, was released on January 20, 2017. Since starting, Kidz Bop has sold over 21 million albums and their songs have been played over 4.5 billion streams.


Edmund Cartwright

Edmund Cartwright (24 April 1743 – 30 October 1823) was an English inventor. He graduated from Oxford University. He was an Anglican clergyman and in 1785 he invented the power loom.

Prayut Chan-o-cha

General Prayut Chan-o-cha (; born 21 March 1954) used to be a Thai army officer and was the Prime Minister of Thailand from 2014 to 2023. He was Commander-in-Chief of the Royal Thai Army.

On 24 August, the Constitutional Court of Thailand suspended Prayut as prime minister, however Prayut still claims to be prime minister. As the most senior deputy prime minister, Prawit Wongsuwan was made acting prime minister. He became prime minister again from September 2022 to August 2023.

Cinnamon Girl

"Cinnamon Girl" is a song first performed by Neil Young in 1969. It first appeared on the album "Everybody Knows This is Nowhere". The song was released in 1970. It reached #55 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The lyrics are about Young daydreaming for a girl to love, singing he waits "between shows" for her.

The song was also performed by Hole in 1991.

The Smashing Pumpkins recorded it in 2012.

Hey Jude

"Hey Jude" is a song by English pop-rock group The Beatles. It was written by Paul McCartney. It started as "Hey Jules", a song McCartney wrote for John Lennon's son, Julian, during his parents' divorce.

"Hey Jude" was released in August 1968. It is over seven minutes in length. At the time, this was the longest single ever to top British music charts.

The song is well known for it's sing-a-long ending. Paul McCartney leads a large crowd in song, they are singing together. What they are singing is a simple melody with very simple lyrics over and over. This part of the song has just three words. First the sound "na" is repeated many times, and then come the words "hey Jude." In English, "na" has no meaning, it is just a sound to sing with your voice.

Thorbjörn Fälldin

Nils Olof Thorbjörn Fälldin (24 April 1926 – 23 July 2016) was a Swedish politician. 

He was the Prime Minister of Sweden in three times, but in different terms. First was from 1976 to 1982, and leader of the Swedish Centre Party from 1971 to 1985. On his first appointment in 1976, he was the first non-Social Democrat Prime Minister for forty years and the first since the 1930s not to have worked as a professional politician since his teens.

Fälldin died at his farm in Högsjö, Ångermanland on 23 July 2016, aged 90.

Imre Gedővári

Imre Gedővári (1 July 1951 – 22 May 2014) was a Hungarian fencer. He won three Olympic medals in the sabre competitions.

Gedővári died on 22 May 2014, following a long illness. He was 62.


R. L. Stine

Robert Lawrence Stine (born October 8, 1943), known as .R. L. Stine, is an American horror fiction author. He is also a television producer. He is known for creating the "Goosebumps" and Fear Street book series. Stine was famous for writing an incredible amount of books 22 to be exact but despite this nobody master his creative imagination and knack for writing horror stories. 

Stine was born to a Jewish family in Columbus, Ohio. .R.L. Stine was the son of Lewis Stine, a shipping clerk, and Anne Feinstein. Stine grew up in Bexley, Ohio. Stine began writing at the age of nine, when he found a typewriter in his attic, subsequently beginning to type stories and joke books


Rockford, Michigan

Rockford is a city in Kent County, Michigan. As of 2020, the population is 6,142. It is just north from Grand Rapids, Michigan.

Montfort Academy

The Montfort Academy was founded in 1998 by Richard Greco Jr. It is a Catholic high school in Mount Vernon, New York.

For the years 2005-2009, and 2012-2013, The Montfort Academy was named one of the best 50 Catholic high schools in America by the Cardinal Newman Society.

Courtney Stodden

Courtney Alexis Stodden (born August 29, 1994) is an American television personality. In August 2013, she became a housemate after she was on the British version of "Celebrity Big Brother". She was kicked out on Day 21 of that series.

She was born in Tacoma, Washington. At age 16 she married an actor named Doug Hutchison. They divorced. At age 19 they remarried. They later divorced again and she denounced her marriage to him. 

Albert Heijn

Albert Heijn (AH) is the biggest supermarket business in the Netherlands. It has stores in many other countries. It was founded by Albert Heijn. It is now owned and run by Ahold.

The supermarket chain started in Oostzaan. Eight years later, Heijn opened new stores in Purmerend and Zaandam. He continued to increase the range of goods, and to increase the number of shops. By 1910, he was operating ten shops. He later started selling goods branded with his name. 

Cuba, New York

Cuba is a town in Allegany County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the total population was 3,126.

Gilgit-Baltistan United Movement

The Gilgit–Baltistan United Movement (GBUM) is a political movement of Gilgit Baltistan based in Skardu. It demands a fully autonomous state consisting of Gilgit Agency and Baltistan. The GBUM states that it should be given the status of an "Independent Constitutional Assembly" and given similar rights granted to the existing Azad Kashmir Legislative Assembly.

Pashayi people

Pashayi or Pashai are a Dardic people living primarily in eastern Afghanistan and in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of present-day Pakistan. They have a population of around 500,000 people. They are one of the oldest known ethnic minorities in Afghanistan.

William Rosecrans

William Rosecrans (September 6, 1819 – March 11, 1898) was a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was born in 1819 in Ohio. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1842 and became an engineer. He resigned from the army in 1854 and became a businessman.

When the Civil War started, Rosecrans rejoined the army. He became a Brigadier general in May 1861. He commanded a brigade during the Western Virginia Campaign. He commanded the Union units in West Virginia for a while before being transferred to the Western Theater in May 1862.

In October 1862, Rosecrans became commander of the Army of the Cumberland. His first battle as army commander was at the Battle of Stones River from December 31, 1862 to January 2, 1863. The Union army won the battle. During the summer of 1863, Rosecrans then captured the city of Chattanooga, Tennessee. But he lost the Battle of Chickamauga in September, which forced him to retreat to Chattanooga. The Confederates surrounded the city and started a siege. Union president Abraham Lincoln and Major General U.S. Grant, who commanded all Union armies in the Western Theater, didn't think Rosecrans could defend the city. So Rosecrans was fired as commander of the Army of the Cumberland and sent to Missouri.

Rosecrans resigned from the army again in 1867 and went back into business. In 1881 he was elected to the House of Representatives from California. He died in 1898 in California. Rosecrans has a national cemetery in San Diego, California named after him.

Kashmiri language

Kashmiri (كٲشُر) is a language from the Dardic subgroup of the Indo-Aryan languages. It is spoken primarily in the Kashmir Valley, in Indian-administered Kashmir and Neelam and Leepa valleys in Azad Kashmir.



Kashmir Valley

The Kashmir Valley (Urdu: وادی کشمیر) or Vale of Kashmir is a valley between the Karakoram and the Pir Panjal Range. It was formed by the draining of the huge Karena lake during a period of tectonic uplift. The Mughal Emperor Jahangir (1569–1627) called the Kashmir Valley a "paradise on earth". It is in the Indian administered state of Jammu and Kashmir. There are 10 districts in this administrative division. The valley is about long and wide.

It was called "Kaspeiria" by the ancient Greeks. In classical literature Herodotus calls it "Kaspatyrol". Xuanzang, the Chinese monk who visited Kashmir in 631 AD called it "Kia-shi-mi-lo". Tibetans called it Khachal, meaning "snowy mountain". It is and has been a land of rivers, lakes and wildflowers. The Jhelum River runs the entire length of the valley. The valley is d by snow-capped mountains on all sides. Lakes such as Dal Lake and nearby Nagin Lake have hundreds of houseboats. This is from the British Raj era when s were not allowed to buy land here. So they constructed large wooden houseboats to spend the summers in. This, in turn, has led to houseboat hotels. Many are decorated with wood s and Victorian era furniture.

India and Pakistan fought over the region in 1947–1948. Under the supervision of the United Nations the two agreed on a ceasefire along a line which left the Kashmir Valley under the administration of India. In 1972, India and Pakistan sign a peace treaty called the Simla Agreement. It said that in the future both would settle their differences peacefully. It also renamed the ceasefire line the Line of Control. 

India claims the entire state including the Kashmir Valley to be part of India. Both the United States and the United Kingdom support turning the Line of Control into the border between India and Pakistan. India seems to go along with this while Pakistan is entirely against it.

India has sent large security forces to Kashmir over the years. Kashmir has remained one of the world's most militarized areas. In 1989 there was an armed uprising against Indian control. India blamed Pakistan and accused them of sponsoring terrorism.

In 1999 a third conflict arose over the area. Pakistani-backed forces infiltrated into Kashmir. While both armies have fired across the Line of Control, India has not sent troops into Pakistan. Tens of thousands of people have been killed so far in Kashmir.

The majority of the population in the Kashmir Valley is Muslim. The economy is mainly farming but in recent years tourism has become an important industry. Neither India or Pakistan wants full-scale war (both have nuclear weapons). Neither wants the International sanctions that would surely come if there was a war.


Mary Kay Place

Mary Kay Place (born September 23, 1947) is an American actress, director, and screenwriter. She acted in the sitcom "Grey's Anatomy". She also acted in "The West Wing".

Place was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Lake Anna

Lake Anna is one of the largest freshwater inland lakes in the US state of Virginia. It covers an area of 13,000 acres (53 km²). Lake Anna is 72 miles (116 km) south of Washington, D.C. in Louisa and Spotsylvania counties. The lake is easy to get to from Richmond and Charlottesville. Lake Anna is one of the most popular recreational lakes in the state.

In 1829 gold was discovered in Louisa county. In the 1880s gold mining reached its peak. The Goodman gold mine is the site that later became Lake Anna. The reservoir is formed by the North Anna Dam on the North Anna River at . In 1968, Virginia Electric and Power Company (now Dominion) purchased 18,000 acres (73 km²) of farmlands in three counties along the North Anna and Pamunkey Rivers. They planned to provide clean, fresh water to cool the nuclear power generating plants at the North Anna Nuclear Generating Station next to the lake. By 1972 the lake bottom was cleared of all trees and the dam was almost finished. It was thought it would take three years to completely fill the lake. But with the additional rainfall from Hurricane Agnes, the lake was full in only 18 months. The first communities were started at about that same time. Now there are about 120 different communities on the shores of the lake. In March 1986, construction on the dam's 1 megawatt hydroelectric power plant began. The two generators went into commercial operation in December 1987.

Lake Anna is about long from tip to tip. It has some of shoreline. The lake is divided into two sides: the public side (also known as the "cold" side) and the private side (also known as the "hot" side). The public side is roughly 9,000 acres (36 km²), while the private side is roughly 4,000 acres (16 km²). The private side is formed of three main bodies of water, connected by navigable canals. The public and private sides are divided by three stone dikes. The private side has no marinas or public access ramps. Only property owners and North Anna Power Station employees have access to the waters of the private side. The public side has several marinas and boat launches, including a boat ramp at the state park. The public side sees much higher boat traffic than the private side, especially on summer weekends.

The public side is called the "cold" side because it provides water to cool the generators at the power plant. The private or "hot" side receives warm water discharge from the power plant. The private side can be much warmer than the public side, especially near the discharge point. There it can be too hot for swimming. The private side has an extended water sports season. Some water circulates back out of the private side into the public side through underground channels. As a result the public side is warmer in the southern area near the dam. In the winter, some fish move to these warmer waters.

Plans for an addition of a third reactor have raised protests from environmentalists and property owners. They fear it will increase in the water temperature and lower the water level, particularly on the private side. According to Dominion, the water discharged from the plant is usually about 14 °F (10 °C) warmer than the intake water.

The dam creating the lake, North Anna Dam, is a long and high earthen embankment dam. It is wide at its top which sits at an elevation of above sea level. The dam's spillway is located in the center of its body. Normal elevation for the reservoir is . The dam's hydroelectric power plant is located on the west side of the spillway. It is supplied with water via a diameter penstock. It has a combined installed capacity of 1 MW.

Lake Anna is one of the finest Largemouth bass fishing lakes in Virginia. Besides largemouth, there are striped bass, crappie, channel catfish, walleye and several species of sunfish. Because of the warm water and low Oxygen saturation the striped bass have to be stocked in Lake Anna. The walleye population has a similar problem and must also be stocked. Lake Anna has very good numbers of channel catfish, with many averaging 3 pounds. Because of the warm waters, Lake Anna can be fished all year long. It is a very popular recreational lake that offers boating, Water skiing and Jet Skiing. As a result, Lake Anna gets "very" crowded. Fishermen resort to early morning and late night fishing when all the other users are off the lake.

Elizabeth Reaser

Elizabeth Ann Reaser (born 15 June 1975) is an American actress. She played Esme Cullen in the "Twilight" movies. She also played Rebecca Pope/Ava in "Grey's Anatomy" in the 2007-2008 season.

Reaser was born in Bloomfield, Michigan.

Marion Lorne

Marion Lorne MacDougall (also Marion Lorne; August 12, 1883 – May 9, 1968) was an American television, stage and movie actress. She worked in theater in New York City and London, England. She made her first movie in 1951. She had had many small roles in movies or television during her career. She played Aunt Clara in "Bewitched" on television. 

Lorne was born in West Pittston, Pennsylvania. She died of a heart attack in New York City.

Pat Carroll

Patricia Ann "Pat" Carroll (May 5, 1927 – July 30, 2022) was an American actress. She voiced the character of Ursula in "The Little Mermaid". In "Laverne & Shirley", she played Mrs. Feeney. She played Miriam Stein in "Police Woman". Carroll was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. She won an Emmy Award in 1956 and a Grammy Award in 1981.

Carroll died on July 30, 2022 in Cape Cod, Massachusetts from problems caused by pneumonia, aged 95.




Tarawa

Tarawa is an atoll in the Republic of Kiribati. It is in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. It is made up of North Tarawa and South Tarawa. North Tarawa has a lot in common with islands in the Gilberts group. South Tarawa is the capital of Kiribati. It has over 50,000 people living in it. That is half of the country's total population.

Gilbert Islands

The Gilbert Islands (; in the past Kingsmill or King's-Mill Islands) are a group of sixteen islands in the Pacific Ocean. It is the main group of islands in Kiribati.

They were named after British Captain Thomas Gilbert. He sailed there in 1788.

David Koresh

David Koresh (born Vernon Wayne Howell; August 17, 1959 – April 19, 1993) was the American leader of the Branch Davidians religious sect. The FBI said that Branch Davidian Steve Schneider shot and killed Koresh, then committed suicide, on April 19, 1993 at the cult's compound. He was responsible for the Waco siege.

Koresh was born on August 17, 1959 in Houston, Texas to a 15-year-old single mother, Bonnie Sue Clark. In 1982 he joined the Branch Davidians.

Randy Jackson (disambiguation)

Randy Jackson (born 1956) is an American musician, record producer and judge on "American Idol".

Randy Jackson may also refer to:


Emetophobia

Emetophobia is the fear of vomiting or seeing vomiting in public. The phobia is also related to fears of nausea. This condition is more common in females. The fear of vomiting receives little attention compared to other specific phobias.

The problem is often triggered by upsetting or embarrassing incidents in teenage years (12-19).

Arrondissements of the Lot department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Lot department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Lot department are:

Since its creation, the Lot department has had few changes:

Arrondissement of Cahors

The arrondissement of Cahors is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Lot "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital, and of the department, is the city of Cahors.

When the "arrondissements" were created in 1800, Cahors was one of them in the Lot department.

It is the westernmost and southernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the largest in area of the department. It is the most populated "arrondissement" with 76,216 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the northwest by the Dordogne (Nouvelle-Aquitaine) department, to the north by the "arrondissement" of Gourdon, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Figeac, to the east by the Aveyron (Occitanie) department, to the south by the Tarn-et-Garonne (Occitanie) department, to the west by the Lot-et-Garonne (Nouvelle-Aquitaine) department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Cahors, there is only three cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement"; the other six cantons are completely within the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Cahors has 129 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more of 1,000 inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Figeac

The arrondissement of Figeac is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Lot "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Figeac.

When the "arrondissements" were created on 17 February 1800, Figeac was one of them in the Lot department.

It is the easternmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the second largest in area of the department. It has a population of 54,060 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Corrèze (Nouvelle-Aquitaine) department, to the west by the Cantal (Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes) department, to the south by the Aveyron (Occitanie) department, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Cahors, and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Gourdon.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Figeac, there is only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement"; the other five cantons are completely within the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Figeac has 116 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more of 1,000 inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Gourdon

The arrondissement of Gourdon is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Lot "département" in the Occitanie region. Its capital is the city of Gourdon.

When the "arrondissements" were created on 17 February 1800, Figeac was one of them in the Lot department.

It is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of . It is also the "arrondissement" with fewer people living there, with 43,372 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the by the Corrèze (Nouvelle-Aquitaine) department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Figeac, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Cahors and to the west by the Dordogne (Nouvelle-Aquitaine) department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Gourdon, there are four cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement"; the other two cantons are completely within the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Gourdon has 81 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more of 1,000 inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Right Round

"Right Round" is a single by the rapper Flo Rida. On January 27, 2009, the song was released onto radio off his second studio album, "R.O.O.T.S.". The song has guest vocals by singer Kesha. The songs heavily samples the 1984 song "You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)" by Dead or Alive.

The song got negative reviews, but was very successful.

3 Days to Kill

3 Days to Kill is a French-American action-thriller movie. This movie is about an experienced CIA agent. He works with a team to capture a criminal called "The Albino". Kevin Costner plays Ethan Renner. Amber Heard plays Vivi Delay. Hailee Steinfeld plays Zoey. Connie Nielsen plays Christine.

This movie was released in February 2014 in the United States. It got negative reviews. It cost $28 million to make. It made over $44 million.

Brittany Curran

Brittany Curran (born June 2, 1990) is an American actress. She played a "Six Chick" in "13 Going on 30". She also played Lucy Tranelli in "Men of a Certain Age".

She was born in Weymouth, Massachusetts.

13 Going on 30

13 Going on 30 (also known as Suddenly 30) is a 2004 American romantic comedy fantasy movie. The movie is about Jenna, an unpopular girl, celebrating turning 13 in May 1987. She wakes up in 2004 and is suddenly 30 years old. Jennifer Garner plays Jenna at 30, and Christa B. Allen plays her at 13. Kathy Baker plays Beverly.

The movie opened in April 2004. The reviews were very positive. It made a lot of money.

Royal Thai Army

The Royal Thai Army ( is the army of Thailand. It is responsible for protecting Thailand's sovereignty (protecting the country). It is the oldest and largest branch of the Royal Thai Armed Forces. The army was formed in 1874. This was just before the Bowring Treaty was signed with Britain. The treaty opened up Thailand for international trade.

Tenrec

The tenrec is a mammal of the family Tenrecidae, found on Madagascar and in parts of the African mainland.

Tenrecs are varied. As a result of convergent evolution, they look like hedgehogs, shrews, opossums, mice and even otters. They occupy aquatic, arboreal, terrestrial and underground habitats. Some of these species can be found in the Madagascar's dry deciduous forests.

Although they may resemble shrews, hedgehogs, or otters, they are not closely related to any of these groups. Their closest relatives are other African, insectivorous mammals such as golden moles and elephant shrews. The common ancestry of these animals, together with aardvarks, hyraxes, elephants, and sea cows in the group Afrotheria, was not recognized until the late 1990s. Work on the diversity of afrotherian mammals has provided more support for their common ancestry.

Unusual among placental mammals, the anus and urogenital tracts of tenrecs share a common opening, or cloaca, a feature more commonly seen in birds, reptiles, and amphibians. They have low body temperatures, sufficiently so that they do not require a scrotum to cool their sperm as most other mammals do.

Stephanie Gatschet

Stephanie Gatschet (born March 16, 1983) is an American actress. She played Tammy Winslow on "Guiding Light". She also played Madison North on "All My Children".

Gatscher was born in Philadelphia.

Fareed Zakaria

Fareed Rafiq Zakaria (/fəˈriːd zəˈkɑriə/; born 20 January 1964) is an Indian-American journalist. Zakaria was born in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, to Rafiq Zakaria and Fatima Zakaria. Zakaria earned his Bachelor of Arts from Yale University. Zakaria has been nominated five times for the National Magazine Award. He lives in New York City. Sheik Abdul Rahman

Zakaria is best known for hosting the TV show "Fareed Zakaria GPS" on CNN. The show mostly is about International Politics. Zakaria has written five books about foreign policy, and has written for Time magazine, Newsweek, and the New York Times. Though a native of India, he is a naturalized US citizen. Zakaria was raised in a Muslim family but is not religious. On his political views, Zakaria calls himself a centrist.

Knocked Out

"Knocked Out" is the debut single by American singer and dancer Paula Abdul. It released on May 4, 1988. It was the first song from her debut album, "Forever Your Girl" (1988). It was written by Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds, Antonio "L.A." Reid and Daryl Simmons and produced by Babyface and L.A. Reid.


Genevieve Cortese

Genevieve Cortese (also Genevieve Padalecki; born January 8, 1981) is an American actress. She works in movies and television. She played Kris Furillo on the television series "Wildfire". She played Ruby in the show "Supernatural". She played Veronica in the 2012 movie "Hated".

Cortese was born in Danville, California.

Golden mole

Golden moles are small, insectivorous burrowing mammals native to southern Africa. They form the family Chrysochloridae. They are taxonomically distinct from the true moles. They look alike because of convergent evolution.

The golden moles bear a remarkable resemblance to the marsupial moles of Australia. They live almost exclusively underground, beneath grassland, forest, swamps, deserts, or mountainous terrain. Like several other burrowing mammals with similar habits, they have short legs with powerful digging claws, very dense fur that repels dirt and moisture, and tough skin, particularly on the head. Their eyes do not work, and covered with skin and fur. The ears are just tiny openings and, like the marsupial moles, they have an enlarged leather-like pad to protect their nostrils. Their main sense is that of touch, and they are particularly sensitive to vibrations that may indicate approaching danger.

Jamie Chung

Jamie Chung (born April 10, 1983) is an American actress and television personality. She first became famous during 2004 when she was on "Real World" on MTV. She played Claire in the movie "Sorority Row". She plays Pam in the 2015 movie "A Year and Change".

Chung was born in San Francisco, California.

Huyton

Huyton is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley, Merseyside, England. It is next to Liverpool. Abound 33,000 people live in Huyton. Its postcodes are L14, L16 and L36.

Battle of Bunker Hill

The Battle of Bunker Hill was a battle in the American War of Independence. It took place on June 17, 1775, mostly on and around Breed's Hill, during the Siege of Boston early in the American Revolutionary War. The battle is named after Bunker Hill, which is close and which was involved in the battle. Bunker Hill was the original objective of both colonial and British troops. Sometimes, the battle is called the "Battle of Breed's Hill."

On June 13, 1775, the Americans learned that the British generals were planning to send troops out from the city to occupy the unoccupied hills around the city. In response to this, 1,200 colonial troops under the command of William Prescott stealthily occupied Bunker Hill and Breed's Hill, constructed an earthen redoubt on Breed's Hill, and built lightly fortified lines across most of the Charlestown Peninsula.

When the British were alerted to the presence of the new position the next day, they mounted an attack against them. After two assaults on the colonial lines were repulsed with significant British casualties, the British finally captured the positions on the third assault, after the defenders in the redoubt ran out of ammunition. The colonial forces retreated to Cambridge over Bunker Hill, suffering their most significant losses on Bunker Hill.

Even though the British forces won the battle, they lost many soldiers: over 800 redcoats (British soldiers) were wounded and 226 were killed, among them many officers. For this reason, the battle is seen as an example of a Pyrrhic victory: the immediate gain (the capture of Bunker Hill) was small and did not change the state of the siege very much, but the cost was high. Nearly a third of the deployed forces were either wounded or killed. Meanwhile, colonial forces were able to retreat and regroup in good order because they had suffered fewer casualties. Furthermore, the battle demonstrated that relatively inexperienced colonial forces were willing and able to stand up to regular army troops in a pitched battle. After the battle the British still didn't realize they were still in Boston.

Diora Baird

Diora Baird (born April 6, 1983) is an American actress and former model. She played Vivian in "Wedding Crashers". She also played Tiffany in the movie "Fifty Pills" (2006).

Baird was born in Miami, Florida.

Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley

The Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley is a borough of Merseyside, England. Knowsley was founded on 1 April 1974. About 145,000 people live in Huyton. Its headquarters are in Huyton.

Megan Boone

Megan Boone (born April 29, 1983) is an American actress. She played the FBI agent Elizabeth Keen in the NBC series "The Blacklist". She played Claire in "Step Up Revolution".

Boone was born in Petrosky, Michigan. She was raised in Florida.

Jennifer Ellison

Jennifer Lesley Ellison (born 30 May 1983) is an English actress, model, television personality, dancer and singer. Ellison was born in Liverpool. She played Emily Shadwick in the television soap opera "Brookside". In "The Phantom of the Opera" movie adaptation, she played Meg Giry.

She was a contestant in the 2012 series of "Dancing on Ice".

Oceanic climate

An oceanic climate, also known as a maritime climate or marine climate, has cool or mild winters and does not have dry or hot summers. Most places with this type of climate have weather that changes frequently. Most of it is classified as Cfb in the Köppen climate classification with each season having moderate or high rainfall, and warm summers. Cities in the subtropics and temperate climate zone in the world with this climate include: Bogota, Dublin, London, Bergen, Bilbao, Frankfurt, Paris, Curitiba, Brussels, Mar del Plata, Quito, Amsterdam, Hamburg, Melbourne, Auckland, Xalapa, Intibucá, Chachapoyas, Merida, and Vancouver.

There is a subarctic version of it with cool and shorter summers (Cfc), which includes the Faroe Islands. The subtropical highland climate (Cwb and Cwc) is sometimes considered a subtype of the oceanic climate. 

Brooke White

Brooke White (born June 2, 1983) is an American indie pop singer and songwriter. She was the fifth place finalist on the 7th season of "American Idol". Her first album, "Songs from the Attic", was released in 2005. Her first post-idol record, "High Hopes & Heartbreak", was released in 2009.

White was born in Phoenix, Arizona. She was raised in Mesa, Arizona.

Jacqueline Logan

Jacqueline Logan (November 30, 1902 – April 4, 1983) was an American silent movie star. Logan played Glad in "The Dawn of a Tomorrow" in 1924. She played The Duchess in "The River Woman" in 1928.

Logan was born in Corsicana, Texas. She died in Melbourne, Florida at age 81.


Back in Black

Back in Black is a 1980 album by the Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It was the first album made without former band member Bon Scott. Back in Black was intended as a tribute to his death. One song from the album, "You shook me all night long", ranked number thirty-four on the Billboard charts. This was the first time a heavy metal song appeared in the Top 40. Even today, record producers rank 'Back in Black' as the standard for how a hard rock song should sound. 

Philip Sheridan

Philip Sheridan (March 6, 1831 – August 5, 1888) was a general in the Union army during the American Civil War. He was born in 1831 in New York and grew up in Ohio. He graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1853.

He started in the Western Theater in the Civil War. He commanded a brigade during the summer of 1862. By October 1862 he was in command of a division. In April 1864 he was transferred to the Army of the Potomac to command the cavalry corps.

After the war, Sheridan commanded the army during the American Indian Wars. He died in 1888 in Massachusetts.

Dolores del Río

Dolores del Río (August 3, 1904 – April 11, 1983, birth name María de los Dolores Asúnsolo y López Negrete) was a Mexican movie actress. She was a Hollywood movie star in the 1920s and 1930s. She was important to the Golden Age of Mexican Cinema during the 1940s and 1950s.

In the 1928 movie "Ramona", Del Río played the title character. She also played the title character in "Evangeline" (1929). She played Madame du Barry in the motion picture of that name.

Del Río was born in Durango, Mexico. She died in Newport Beach, California at 77 of liver disease.

Selena Royle

Selena Royle (November 6, 1904 – April 23, 1983) was an American television, stage and movie actress. She played Aletta Sullivan in "The Fighting Sullivans". She played Sairy in "The Romance of Rosy Ridge".

Royle was born in New York City. She died in Guadalajara, Jalisco Mexico at age 78.

Lynn Fontanne

Lillie Louise Fontanne (also Lynn Fontanne; 6 December 1887 – 30 July 1983) was a British born and American based actress and major stage star. She and her husband Alfred Lunt won many Tony and Emmy Awards in the 1960s and 1970s.

Fontanne played an actress in the 1924 movie "The Guardsman". She played Nina Leeds in the play "Strange Interlude" in 1928.

Fontanne was born in London, England, UK. She died from pneumonia at 95 in Wisconsin.

Joan Hackett

Joan Ann Hackett (March 1, 1934 – October 8, 1983) was an American television, stage and movie actress. She played Dottie in the movie "The Group" (1966) with Candice Bergen. She played Joan Miller in the television series "The Defenders" (1961-65)

Hackett was born in New York City. She died from ovarian cancer in Los Angeles.

Beatrice Lillie

Beatrice Gladys "Bea" Lillie (May 29, 1894 – January 20, 1989) was an actress and comedic performer. She played Mrs. Meers in "Thoroughly Modern Millie". Prior to that, she also played Maria in "On Approval" (1944).

Lillie was born in Toronto, Ontario. She died from Alzheimer's disease in Oxfordshire, England.

Judy Collins

Judith Marjorie "Judy" Collins (born 1 May 1939) is an American singer-songwriter. Her genres include rock and roll, pop and folk. Her well known singles include "Send In the Clowns", "Amazing Grace" and "Both Sides, Now".

Collins was born in Seattle, Washington.

Caligae

Caligae are military boots, used by Roman soldiers.

Albert Viaplana

Albert Viaplana (c. 1933 – 16 May 2014) was a Spanish architect and author. He is known for creating the Center of Contemporary Culture of Barcelona (CCCB), the Plaza de Sants and dock Xoan XXIII Avenue of Santiago de Compostela. He won many awards during his career. His career has spanned for nearly 50 years.

Viaplana died in Barcelona, Spain, aged 81.

Antanas Šurna

Antanas Šurna (27 March 1939 – 19 May 2014) was a Lithuanian stage and movie actor. He has appeared in over 100 movies and 50 plays. He is thought to be one of the most successful actors in Lithuania. His career began during the late 1960s. He won many awards during his 40-year career.

Šurna died suddenly from cardiac arrest in Vilnius, Lithuania, aged 75.

John Vasconcellos

John B. Vasconcellos Jr. (May 11, 1932 - May 24, 2014) was an American politician and psychologist. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He represented Silicon Valley as a member of the California State Assembly for 30 years and a California State Senator for 8 years. 

Vasconcellos died in San Jose, California from multiple organ failure, aged 82.

Chef (movie)

Chef is a 2014 American comedy-drama movie. It was directed, written and produced by Jon Favreau. It stars Favreau, Robert Downey, Jr., Scarlett Johansson, Sofía Vergara, Dustin Hoffman, Oliver Platt, and John Leguizamo. It was released on May 9, 2014 to positive reviews.

Renee Olstead

Rebecca Renee Olstead (born June 18, 1989) is an American actress and musician. She has acted since she was a child. She played Lauren Miller in the sitcom "Still Standing". She also played Becky in "13 Going on 30".

Olstead was born in the Kingwood region of Houston, Texas.

Frances Gifford

Mary Frances Gifford (December 7, 1920 – January 22, 1994) was an American actress who played the lead character in 1930s and 1940s movies. Some of her movies were "Stage Door" and "The Remarkable Andrew".

Gifford was born in Long Beach, California. The actress died of emphysema in Pasadena, California at 73.

Anita Morris

Anita Rose Morris (March 14, 1943 – March 2, 1994) was an American actress, singer and dancer. She played Carol in "Ruthless People" in 1986. She also acted in other roles.

The actress was born in Durham, North Carolina. She died from ovarian cancer in Los Angeles at age 50. Morris was married to Grover Dale at the time of her death. They had one son, actor James Badge Dale.

Giulietta Masina

Giulietta Masina (22 February 1921 – 23 March 1994) was an Italian movie and stage actress. She was born Giulia Anna Masina. She played Doris in "The High Life" (1960). She also played Amelia Bonetti/Ginger in the movie "Ginger and Fred" (1986).

Masina was born in San Giorgio di Piano, Emilia-Romagna, Italy. She was married to Federico Fellini from 1943 until his death. She died in Rome from lung cancer.

Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice

Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is an American superhero movie. It is based on the DC Comics characters Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman. It was co-produced by Dune Entertainment and Syncopy Films. It was distributed by Warner Bros.

The movie is the sequel to 2013's "Man of Steel" and the second installment in the DC Cinematic Universe. The movie was directed by Zack Snyder. It was written by Chris Terrio, from a screenplay by David S. Goyer.

Gotham City's own vigilante, Batman, travels to Metropolis to take on Superman, fearing what would happen if the latter is kept unchecked. As Batman and Superman confront one another, a new threat arrives to put mankind in greater danger than it has previously known.


Additionally, Tao Okamoto plays Mercy Graves, Luthor's assistant. Scoot McNairy plays Wallace Keefe, an employee of Wayne Enterprises who is injured during the final events of "Man of Steel" and becomes a pawn in Lex's planl Patrick Wilson plays the President of the United States. Callan Mulvey plays Anatoli Knyazev. Michael Cassidy plays Jimmy Olsen. Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Lauren Cohan play Thomas and Martha Wayne, Bruce Wayne's deceased parents. Robin Atkin Downes voices Doomsday. Repeating their roles from "Man of Steel" are Harry Lennix as Secretary Calvin Swanwick, Christina Wren as Major Carrie Farris, Michael Shannon as General Zod, and Carla Gugino as the Kryptonian A.I. Kelor.

Ray Fisher, Jason Momoa and Ezra Miller appear as Victor Stone / Cyborg, Arthur Curry / Aquaman and Barry Allen / The Flash respectively in cameo appearances, which will lead into their inclusion in the "Justice League" film. Senator Patrick Leahy makes a cameo appearances as himself. Jena Malone was cast as Barbara Gordon, but her scenes were cut from the theatrical release. They will appear in the Ultimate Edition home media release.

The success of "Man of Steel" made Warner Bros. plans of a cinematic universe featuring other DC Comics characters. In June 2013, it was announced that director Zack Snyder and screenwriter David S. Goyer would both be returning for a "Man of Steel" sequel, which is being fast tracked by Warner Bros. Goyer had previously signed a three-movie deal, which includes "Man of Steel", its sequel, and a "Justice League" movie featuring Superman. The following month, Snyder confirmed at San Diego Comic-Con International that the sequel to "Man of Steel" would have Superman and Batman meeting for the first time in a movie.

Cavill, Adams, Lane, and Fishburne will repeat their roles. Snyder said that the movie would take inspiration from the comic "The Dark Knight Returns". In August 2013, Ben Affleck was announced to be playing Batman. Gal Gadot was cast as Wonder Woman in December 2013. Later in December, "Argo" screenwriter Chris Terrio was hired to rewrite the script, due to Goyer's commitments in other projects.

In January 2014, it was announced that the movie had been delayed from its original July 17, 2015 release date to May 6, 2016, and in May 2014, the movie's title was revealed to be "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice". The date was moved again to March 25, 2016.

Pre-production began at East Los Angeles College in October 2013, with principal photography starting in May 2014 in Detroit, Michigan and in Chicago, Illinois.

With a production budget of $410 million, "Batman v Superman" is the most expensive film ever made at the time of its release, even after adjusting for inflation.

Filming began in 2013. Shooting locations were in Detroit, Michigan, Los Angeles, California, and Chicago, Illinois.


Harriet Nelson

Harriet Nelson (born Peggy Louise Snyder; July 18 1909 – October 2, 1994) was an American singer and actress. She first worked in vaudeville when she was 3. In "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet", she played Harriet Nelson. She played Marge in "Happy Days".

Nelson was born in Des Moines, Iowa. She died from heart failure at age 85 in Laguna Beach, California.

Cyborg (DC Comics)

Cyborg is a fictional comic book superhero. He first appeared in the DC Comics universe. He is best known for being a member of the Teen Titans. He is an African American. He is part human and part cyborg (robot).

He is currently voiced by Khary Payton in the DC franchise and by Kenn Michael in the feature movies and direct-to-video movies. In the DC Extended Universe movies, the character is played by actor Ray Fisher.

Frances Drake

Frances Drake (nee Frances Dean; October 22, 1912 – January 18, 2000) was an American actress. She played Sylvia in "The Affairs of Martha" in 1942. She also played Lola in "I Take This Woman".

Drake was born in New York City. She died in Irvine, California, aged 87.

I Take This Woman

I Take This Woman is a 1940 drama movie. It is about a young woman who tries to commit suicide when an affair ends. Spencer Tracy plays Dr. Karl Decker. Hedy Lamarr plays Georgi. Laraine Day plays Linda Rogers.

The movie was released in February 1940.

Laraine Day

Laraine Day (or La Raine Johnson, October 13, 1920 – November 10, 2007) was an American actress. She played Miss Carol Banning in the movie "Painted Desert". She played Mary Lamont in "Calling Dr. Kildare".

Day was born in Roosevelt, Utah. She died in Ivins, Utah from natural causes at age 87.

Kyselka Spa

The Kyselka Spa (; ), older name Kysibl, is a group of former public baths. It is in the village of Kyselka near Karlovy Vary in the Czech Republic.


Marine Engineering

Marine engineering generally refers to the engineering of boats, ships, and other marine vessels or structures. A marine engineer is someone responsible for the operation (running) and maintenance of a ship's engines, steering, and other related ship systems.

Greater Vancouver Zoo

The Greater Vancouver Zoo is a zoo in Aldergrove, British Columbia, Canada. an area of .

They first started in the late 1960s after businessman Pat Hines bought 120 acres (49 ha) in Aldergrove, British Columbia to start a game farm. They opened to the public on August 20, 1970 and were originally known as Vancouver Game Farm. The first animal to arrive there was a llama named "Dennis", who came from Mount Vernon, Washington. The facility was sold in 1991 and was renamed the "Greater Vancouver Zoological Centre" in 1995. After the sale, they built new animal enclosures, a miniature train ride, a picnic park, more landscaping, a remodeled entrance, more parking spaces, informational and educational programs and activities. Ownership changed in 1999 and the zoo was renamed "Greater Vancouver Zoo". The new owners focused on conservation and improving their educational programs.

On May 31, 2006, formal charges were laid against the zoo by the Crown Counsel of British Columbia, in accordance with the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act because they failed to provide acceptable facilities for a baby hippo named "Hazina" that they acquired in October 2004. It was they first time that a major Canadian zoo was charged with cruelty to animals. The case was stayed in January 2007 when crown counsel believed that with the opening of a new habitat for hippos, that it was no longer in the public interest. The zoo lost its Canadian Association of Zoos and Aquariums accreditation for two years before regaining it back in 2012.

Thermal radiation

Thermal radiation is radiation that things make because they are warm. It may be felt as heat or seen as light. It is a form of heat transfer that is moved from one place to another by electromagnetic radiation waves or rays. It does not require a form of matter to be transferred. Any matter which is at any temperature above absolute zero (0 K or -273°C) gives out and absorbs thermal radiation. Like light, thermal radiation travels through vacuum at a speed of approximately 3X10^8 metres per second. Thermal radiation can also travel in all directions. Dark, dull surfaces give out more thermal radiation while bright and shiny surfaces give out comparatively less thermal radiation. Those surfaces which give out thermal radiation well also absorb thermal radiation well.

For example a person in front of a fire can warm up because of the light of the fire, even if the air is cold.

Another example of thermal radiation is the heat that comes from the Sun to the Earth.

Warmer things make more radiation, and the electromagnetic waves are shorter. Most things on Earth are warm enough to make infrared radiation. Incandescent light bulbs are so hot, their radiation includes visible light.


Miquelon-Langlade

Miquelon-Langlade is an island of Saint Pierre and Miquelon. It is south of Newfoundland in the Atlantic Ocean.

Mohit Raina

Mohit Raina (born 14 August 1982) is an Indian television and Bollywood actor. He is most known for playing the lead role of Lord Shiva in the TV series, "Devon Ke Dev – Mahadev". He has won many awards also.

Solenodon

Solenodons (meaning "slotted-tooth") are venomous, nocturnal mammals in the family Solenodontidae. They are burrowing insectivores.

There is only one genus, "Solenodon", They keep some primitive mammal characteristics. Their species resemble closely those which lived near the end of the age of the dinosaurs.

The two living solenodon species are the Cuban Solenodon ("Solenodon cubanus"), and the Haitian or Hispaniolan solenodon ("Solenodon paradoxus"). The Hispaniolan solenodon lives in many habitats on the island of Hispaniola from lowland dry forest to highland pine forest. Two other described species went extinct during the Quaternary. Oligocene North American genera, such as "Apternodus", have been suggested as relatives of "Solenodon".

Lot (river)

The Lot () is a river in southern France, tributary of the Garonne river. The Lot department is named after this river.

The Lot river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge is at Villeneuve-sur-Lot.

The source of the Lot is on the Mont Lozère, in the Cévennes, southeastern Massif Central, in the "commune" of Le Bleymard, in the Lozère department, at an altitude of about .

The Lot flows, with many meanders, to the west, in general, and passes through the following regions, departments and "communes":


The Lot river flows through 131 "communes".

Finally, it flows, as a right tributary into the Garonne near Aiguillon, in the Lot-et-Garonne department, at of altitude.




Nina Gordon

Nina Rachel Shapiro Gordon (born November 14, 1967) is an American singer, songwriter and musician. She is best known for co-founding alternative rock band Veruca Salt with friend Louise Post in 1993. She left the group in 1998 and started a solo career, releasing two albums. In 2013, Gordon returned to Veruca Salt.

Gordon is married to musician Jeff Russo. They have two children together.

Patricia Quinn

Patricia Quinn, Lady Stephens (born 28 May 1944) is a Northern Irish actress and singer. She played the character Magenta in "The Rocky Horror Picture Show". She also played Helen in "Monty Python's The Meaning of Life".

Quinn was born in Belfast in Northern Ireland.

Brian Drummond

Brian Drummond (born August 10, 1969) is a Canadian actor, former stage actor, singer, voice artist, and comedian, best known for voicing the roles of Vegeta, Yajirobe, and Vegito in the Ocean Studios English dub of "Dragon Ball Z". He has also voiced dubs for Yuna Roma Seiran in "Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny", as well as Ryuk in "Death Note". Currently, he voices Maurice, Billy, Boss Ember, and El Diablos Nacho in "Slugterra". He voiced Ian in "", filling in for Matthew W. Taylor.

Drummond was born and raised in Salmon Arm, British Columbia on August 10, 1969.

Abdoulaye Wade

Abdoulaye Wade (born 29 May 1926) is a Senegalese politician. He was the third President of Senegal, serving from 2000 to 2012.

Bunny Yeager

Linnea Eleanor "Bunny" Yeager (March 13, 1929 – May 25, 2014) was an American photographer and pin-up model. She was known for taking pictures of Bettie Page for "Playboy" magazine and for taking pictures of naked women during the 1960s. Yeager was born in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania.

Yeager died from congestive heart failure in Miami, Florida, aged 85.

David Allen (cricketer)

David Arthur Allen (29 October 1935 – 25 May 2014) was an English cricketer. He played first-class cricket for Gloucestershire between 1953 and 1972. He also played 39 Test matches for England. He was born in Horfield, Bristol, England. An accurate offspinner, David Allen had trouble maintaining a steady place in the England teams of the 1960s, with competition from Titmus, Mortimore, and Illingworth. He bowled off no more than four or five paces, with a deceptively casual action. He could be unplayable on helpful wickets, but he mastered the art of bowling tightly on good wickets as well. He was first picked for England in 1959, but was unable to play through injury. When he did play, his 39 Tests included tours to all the current Test-playing nations. A useful bat, with a first class hundred to his credit, he thrived on adversity, memorably so when playing out Hall's final over of the 1963 Lord's test. He took 882 wickets for Gloucestershire in a career that spanned 19 years. 

Woodland Hills, Los Angeles

Woodland Hills is a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. It is in San Fernando Valley. It has a population of 63,000 residents.

Coracle

The coracle is a small, lightweight boat. They were used in Wales, parts of Western and South West England, Ireland, and Scotland The word is also to describe similar boats from India, Vietnam, Iraq and Tibet. The word "coracle" comes from the Welsh word "cwrwgl." This is related to the Irish and Scottish Gaelic word "currach." It is recorded in English as early as the 16th century. Other old English spellings include "corougle", "corracle", "curricle" and "coricle".

Corricles are oval in shape, and look like half a walnut shell. They are made with a framework of split willow branches, twisted together and tied with willow bark. Originally the outer layer was an animal skin from a horse or bullock. These skins were covered with a thin layer of tar to make them keep the water out. Today coracles are made with calico or canvas covered in tar, or simply fibreglass. The Asian coracle is made differently. It uses bamboo and the water is kept out with a layer of resin and coconut oil. The coracle does not have a keel. The flat bottom allows the weight of the boat and its load to be spread evenly. This means it does not need much water to float – as little as a few inches, making it ideal for use on rivers.

Coracles have different designs, as they are designed for the river conditions where they are built and used. The Teifi coracle is flat-bottomed, because it is designed for use in the shallow rapids which common on the river in the summer. The Carmarthen coracle is rounder and deeper, because it is used in tidal waters on the Tywi, where there are no rapids. Teifi coracles are made from local wood. They use willow for the body of the boat, called a lats. Hazel is used for the bit around the top, called Y bleth in Welsh. Tywi coracles have been made from sawn ash for a long time. These days working boats are made from fibreglass. Teifi coracles do not use nails. The twisting together of the lats makes them strong. The Carmarthen coracles use copper nails and are not twisted together.

Coracles are good for fishing because they do not disturb the water or the fish. They can be controlled easily with one arm, while the other arm manages the net; two coracles to a net. The coracle is moved with a broad-bladed paddle. These are also have different designs between different rivers. It is used in a sculling action. The blade makes a figure-of-eight pattern in the water. The paddle is used towards the front of the coracle, pulling the boat forward, with the paddler facing in the direction of travel.

A Welsh Coracle can be carried by a person on their back. 'Llwyth dyn ei gorwgl' — the load of a man is his coracle. (Welsh saying).

The coracle was designed to be used in the quickly flowing streams of Wales and parts of the rest of Britain and Ireland. Coracles are very old, Julius Caesar saw them in Britain in the 1st century BC. Archaeologists believe they have discovered the remains of a coracle in a Bronze Age grave at Barns Farm near Dalgety Bay. Others have been discovered at Corbridge and near Ferriby.

Coracles are so light that they can easily be carried on the fisherman's shoulders. Coracle fishing is performed by two coraclers. The net is stretched across the river between the two coracles. These are paddled with one handed and the net is dragged down the river in the other. When a fish is caught, each fisherman pulls up an end of the net until the two coracles are brought to touch, and the fish is grabbed and put into the boat.

Coracles are not used much these days. They can be seen in tourist areas of West Wales, and sometimes in Shropshire on the River Severn. There is a public house in Sundorne, Shrewsbury called "The Coracle". It has a sign showing a man using a coracle on a river. The Welsh Rivers Teifi and Tywi are the best places to find coracles in Wales. On the Teifi they are usually seen between Cenarth, Cilgerran and Llechryd.

In 1974 Bernard Thomas of Llechryd crossed the English Channel to France in 13½ hours in a coracle. The journey showed how the Bull Boats of the Mandan Indians of North Dakota could have been copied from coracles introduced by Prince Madog in the 12th century.

For many years until 1979, Shrewsbury coracle maker Fred Davies became famous among football fans. He would sit in his coracle during Shrewsbury Town FC home matches at Gay Meadow, and get the footballs that landed in the River Severn. Although Davies died in 1994, his legend is still linked to the club.

The Coracle Society is a UK-based organisation, started by its president, Sir Peter Badge in 1990. The society wanted:

There are many Society members across the country who show the coracle at events and/or run coracle building courses. Terry Kenny, the current chairman of the Society, runs several courses each year at the Green Wood Centre. Some of this year's events are listed on the official Coracle Society website.

The Society was present at the 2005 Shrewsbury River Festival, where they had various coracles on the River Severn. There is also an Annual Coracle Regatta held in Ironbridge on the August Bank Holiday Monday every year. It is organised by the Green Wood Centre. Anyone with a coracle can take part in the event. Each year new people come with coracles which they have made on the Bank Holiday weekend at the Green Wood Centre with local coracle maker Terry Kenny.

The third Coracle Challenge, which raises funds in support of Macmillan Cancer Support took place in Shrewsbury on 19 May 2009.

The coracle is an unstable craft. Because it sits "on" the water, rather than "in" it, the vessel can easily be carried by currents and the wind. The Coracle Society has written a guide for safely using coracles.

The oldest instructions for building a coracle are on a 4000-year-old cuneiform clay tablet. This was dictated by the Mesopotamian god Enki to Atra-Hasis on how to build a round "ark". The tablet is about 2,250 years older than than the flood myths, none of which contain such details. The earliest known written evidence of a coracle-type boat (quffa), still in use today, is in the Bible, Exodus 2:3.

The Irish curach (also "currach" or "curragh") is a similar, but larger, vessel still in use today. Curachs were also used in the west of Scotland:

The currachs in the River Spey were very similar to Welsh coracles. Other related craft include:



Richard Johnson (actor)

Richard Johnson (30 July 1927 – 6 June 2015) was a English actor, writer and producer. His career began in 1950. He is known for his role as Grandpa in "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas". 

He was born in Upminster, Essex, England. Johnson died on 6 June 2015, at the Royal Marsden Hospital in Chelsea, London, aged 87.

David Thewlis

David Thewlis (born David Wheeler; 20 March 1963) is an English actor. He is known for his role as Remus Lupin in the "Harry Potter movie series", as the Earthworm in "James and the Giant Peach", V.M. Varga in the third season of "Fargo" and as Ares in "Wonder Woman".

He also appeared in "Afraid of the Dark" (1991), "Naked" (1993), "Timeline" (2003), "Kingdom of Heaven" (2005), "The Omen" (2006), "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas" (2008), "London Boulevard" (2010), "War Horse" (2011), and "Red 2" (2013). He also voices Shame Wizard in "Big Mouth".

Thewlis was born in Blackpool, Lancashire, England.

Polecat

Polecat is the common name for several medium-sized Mustelids. They do not form a single clade: the name is given to several similar species. 

The European polecat is typical, and is the only one native to the British Isles. Ferrets are the domesticated form of European polecats.

In the U.S., the term "polecat" is often applied to skunks, which are only distantly related to the European polecat. The reason is that polecats give off a scent which some people think is offensive. 

The simplest version puts them all in a subfamily of the Mustelidae:

Subfamily Mustelinae

There is a more recent version which splits them up even more.

Ginger and Fred

Ginger and Fred is a 1986 movie. It is about a two dancers who imitate Ginger Rogers and Fred Astaire. The couple is played by Giulietta Masina and Marcello Mastroianni. 

This movie was released in early 1986.

Mustelinae

The Mustelinae is a large subfamily of mustelids. Genetic analysis shows it is polyphyletic, so it will probably be split down into proper clades. Until then, it contains:


and various other mustelids.

Marcello Mastroianni

Marcello Mastroianni (September 28, 1924 – December 19, 1996) was an Italian movie actor. He played Marcello Rubini in "La Dolce Vita". He also played Ferdinando in "Divorce Italian Style".

Mastroianni was born in Fontana Liri, Italy. He died of pancreatic cancer at 72.

Divorce Italian Style

The movie Divorce Italian Style is a 1961 Italian comedy movie. The movie is about a married Sicilian nobleman who is in love with his cousin. Marcello Mastroianni plays the man.

In 2008, "Divorce Italian Style" became an opera.

La Dolce Vita

La Dolce Vita is a 1960 Italian comedy-drama movie. The movie is divided into many sections. It follows Marcello Rubini, a gossip columnist, across seven days and nights in Rome. Marcello Mastroianni plays the gossip columnist.

This movie got very good critical reviews. It became a classic in later years.

Marriage Italian Style

Marriage Italian Style is a 1964 movie. The movie is about a cynical business man who goes through an on-off relationship. Marcello Mastroianni plays Domenico. Sophia Loren plays Filomena.

This movie was nominated for two Academy Awards. In 1965, Sophia Loren was nominated for Best Actress in a Leading Role. In 1966, the movie was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film.

City of Women

City of Women is a 1980 fantasy movie.

Marcello Mastroianni plays Snàporaz.

A man named Snàporaz wakes up during a train ride. He has a brief affair with a woman in the bathroom. But it's cut short when the train stops. The woman gets off. Snàporaz follows her into the woods. He follows her to a Grand Hotel packed with women. He winds up in a conference. But his presence is rejected. He then seeks refuge in an elevator with a woman named Donatella. She offers him her assistance.

Donatella leads Snàporaz into a gym. She forces him to provide roller skates. Snàporaz is yet again insulted by angry women who circle around him in roller skates and practice testicle-kicking on a dummy.

Snàporaz makes his exit down a flight of stairs. He falls down and badly hurts himself. He falls into the domain of a woman tending to the hotel's furnace. The woman tries to rape him. But the rape is stopped by the woman's mother. The mother gives out corporal punishment to the daughter.

The movie was released through New Yorker Films in the United States on April 8, 1981. It got very good reviews from critics. But it didn't make much money at the box office.

The movie was rated R18 in New Zealand for sex scenes.

Albuterol

Albuterol (also called salbutamol outside of the United States) is a type of medicine. It is a bronchodilator. This means it makes the bronchi - the tubes that bring oxygen to the lungs - get wider. This makes it easier for oxygen to get to the lungs. From the lungs, oxygen goes into the blood and travels to the rest of the body. In medicine, albuterol is called a "β2 adrenergic receptor agonist."

Albuterol is a generic medicine. In Canada and the United Kingdom, this generic drug is called salbutamol.

There are many different brand names for albuterol. The most common are Accuneb, ProAir, Proventil, and Ventolin.

Sometimes, diseases like asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) make the bronchi get narrower. This makes it harder for oxygen to get to the lungs. This can cause trouble breathing or even respiratory failure, which means the body is not getting enough oxygen to survive.

Every part of the body needs oxygen to live. Without enough oxygen, parts of the body - like the brain - will start to die. Finally, a person's heart can stop if they do not get enough oxygen for a long enough time.

Albuterol can often keep these things from happening. Often, people with diseases like asthma or COPD are prescribed albuterol inhalers. As soon as they start having trouble breathing, they can use the inhaler to breathe albuterol right into their lungs. The albuterol will stop the bronchi from getting narrower, and will make them wider again. This makes it possible for normal amounts of oxygen to get to the lungs.

Albuterol has some common side effects. They include:
Albuterol can also cause tachycardia (fast heart rate) and palpitations (feeling like the heart is pounding or fluttering). Because of this, albuterol is used carefully in people who have heart problems.

Albuterol is also used by some for weight loss. Albuterol can cause rapid heartbeat or tachycardia. It causes blood pressure to rise and causes irregular heartbeats called cardiac arrhythmia. Bodybuilders sometimes use albuterol before contests to lose body fat and retain muscle. Abuterol is not approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for weight loss. Any abuse of Albuterol by taking too much can lead to a stroke or heart attack.

Types of business entity

A business entity is an organisation which sells a product or service, usually to make a profit. Different countries have different types of business entity. Most countries have similar types of business entity. The following list has a few examples of business entities which exist in the United Kingdom:

Movie release

A movie release (or premiere) is when a completed movie is released for the public to see. It may be in theaters or for home viewing. A movie's release date can affect how much money the movie makes. 

A movie's release date and how it is released is a part of the marketing of the movie. Often a movie will be tested on selected audiences to see how they like it. This is called a limited release. A movie might also be shown first at a film festival to see how it does. If an audience does not like something, the moviemakers can make changes before it is released to the public. 

Movie studios limit the number of major movies they release in a year. They also try not to release a major movie at the same time another studio does. The timing of when a movie is released can affect how much money it makes. When "A Little Princess" was released in 1995, the movie "Pocahontas" was released at the same time. Even worse (for revenues), both were aimed at the same target audience.

There were traditional times of the year for releases of certain types of movies. Summer was the traditional time to release blockbuster movies. These are large budget movies with a great deal of publicity. Spring was the usual time for art films. Another major time of the year to release major movies is Christmas. Lately, however, the movie calendar has become very crowded with more new releases. This means that blockbuster movies now come out all during the year.

A print is a copy of the physical film itself. Each movie theater needs a print for showing. This becomes expensive and along with advertising they are called 'P&A'. Advertising can include parties for the stars of the movie. It can also mean arranging interviews on talk shows and placing movie clips on video sharing websites like YouTube. This is to get people talking about the movie. The period of time for advertising a movie only a few weeks before it is released. After that time it is hoped will advertise the movie. 

The movie "Four Weddings and a Funeral" was released in the United States in 1994. The distributor, Polygram, had a limited P&A budget. They released the movie on a limited basis, in New York and Los Angeles. They spent heavily on advertising in these cities hoping the limited release would be a success. In this case it was and they used the profits to gradually release the movie all over the country. This is called a 'platform release'. It allows smaller movie studios to compete with the large P&A budgets of the big studios.


Daniel Howell

Daniel James "Dan" Howell (born 11 June 1991) is an English vlogger. He is best known for his YouTube channel "Daniel Howell", previously known as "danisnotonfire". His YouTube channel reached 6 million subscribers on 10 August, 2016. That is not his only channel. He has a side channel called danisnotinteresting. He co-stars with Phil Lester (AmazingPhil) in DanAndPhilGAMES (their gaming channel) and DanAndPhilCRAFTS (which was an April fools joke) Dan presented "Dan and Phil" on BBC Radio 1 with fellow Youtuber Phil Lester (a.k.a. AmazingPhil his best friend and flat mate). Dan has also been on a world tour with Phil Lester and written two books, as well as created a merchandise store.

Howell was born and grew up in Wokingham, Berkshire where he chose to study Law. Before starting his YouTube channel, he worked in the shops Focus DIY (where he sold an axe and memes to a 12 year old) and Asda (where he got fired). He went to school at The Forest School. Once he finished school, Howell went to the University of Manchester. He left university early to spend more time making videos for YouTube. He currently lives in London with his roommate and best friend, Phil Lester. He has a younger brother named Adrian who is 18.

He is openly gay. He has clinical depression.

Howell started making YouTube videos because he had been watching other youtubers for a long time. He was also encouraged by some friends to upload videos. Phil Lester was one of his friends who encouraged him.

In 2010 and 2011, Howell took part in "Stickaid". This is a live broadcast which happens every year. It is 24 hours long and encourages viewers to donate to the charity UNICEF.

In 2012, Howell won "SuperNote". This is a competition on YouTube run by Rhett and Link.
Howell was also in the video series "Becoming YouTube" created by Benjamin Cook. Becoming YouTube is about becoming an internet celebrity.
Howell also writes a blog for The Huffington Post. In this, he writes about making his YouTube videos.

Howell and Lester made a YouTube series together called "The Super Amazing Project". The series is made for My Damn Channel. In this series, they explore paranormal events. In May 2014, The Super Amazing Project had over 530,000 subscribers. In December 2012, the YouTube show finished its third series of 12 episodes. Episodes of "The Super Amazing Project" are not made every week anymore. 'Seasonal specials' are still made. The 'Internet News' part of their radio show uses some ideas from these videos. Unfortunately, Dan and Phil do not upload any more videos due to their busy schedules.

In January 2015, his YouTube channel had more than 4.3 million subscribers. His videos have been watched more than 290 million times. In August, Howell hit 5 million subscribers.

In January 2013, Howell and Lester became the presenters of BBC Radio 1's Sunday evening entertainment show. They had worked with BBC Radio 1 before. Their work included producing videos for the station's YouTube channel and two Christmas broadcasts. "Dan and Phil" is an interactive two-hour show, which includes:

In 2012, Howell was voted "Hottest Lad of the Year" by readers of the web magazine Sugarscape.

In 2013, Howell and Lester were voted the UK’s favourite radio presenters and won the Sony Golden Headphones Award, presented by the Sony Radio Academy Awards. The won this for their radio show, "Dan and Phil".

In 2013, Howell came second in Sugarscape's "Hottest Lads of 2013", a competition he had won a year before. He came second to his friend, Phil Lester.

In 2014, Howell came fifth Sugarscape's "Hottest Lads of 2014."


Zodiak Kids Studios

Marathon Media (becomes Banijay Kids & Family) is a French company in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France Founded in 1990 It does Teens, Childs and Parent Television series in very huge animation industry.

The shows are dubbed into French (1st official), Japanese (2nd official), English, Thai, German, Dutch, Malay, Arabic, Italian, Romanian, Spanish, Portuguese, and other languages dubbed and shown around the world.

Marathon Media Group was acquired by Zodiak Entertainment and renamed Marathon Media.


Eva Hart

Eva Miriam Hart (January 31, 1905 – February 14, 1996) was an RMS "Titanic" survivor. She was seven years old when she and her parents, Benjamin and Esther, boarded "Titanic". Hart was sleeping when the "Titanic" hit an iceberg at 11:40 PM.

Hart and her mother were picked up by RMS "Carpathia".

Hart was born in Ilford, Essex, England. She died in Chadwell Heath, London, two weeks after her 91st birthday. 

Lucy, Lady Duff-Gordon

Lucy, Lady Duff-Gordon (born Lucy Christiana Sutherland, 13 June 1863 – 20 April 1935) was a British fashion designer in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. She used the professional name Lucile as a designer. Duff-Gordon was a widely known innovator in couture styles and in fashion industry relations.

Duff-Gordon was born in London, and died at 71 in Putney, London, of breast cancer. She also survived the RMS Titanic disaster in April 1912.

Using the first professional models, Lucy started the fashion show known as a "mannequin parade". These were the first runway or catwalk-style shows. She launched slit skirts and low necklines. She popularized less restrictive corsets, and simpler lingerie.

Duff-Gordon opened branches of her London house, "Lucile Ltd", in Paris, New York City, and Chicago, dressing royal and noble clients, and stage and film personalities.


Manuel Uribe

Manuel Uribe Garza (11 June 1965 – 26 May 2014) was a Mexican man. He is for suffering from morbid obesity. He was the world's fattest man. 

After reaching around and having been unable to leave his bed since 2001, Uribe lost about . It was one third of his body weight. He did this with the help of doctors and nutritionists. By the time of his death, Uribe was the world's third heaviest man. He was born in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico.

Uribe died at the age of 48 from liver failure in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico.

2014 Pacific typhoon season

The 2014 Pacific typhoon season began on January 10, 2014 and ended on January 1, 2015. It was based on typhoons coming to the coasts of countries around the Pacific Ocean. The storms that have formed during the period are listed below:


Windows NT 4.0

Windows NT 4.0 is a preemptively multitasked graphical operating system, designed to work with either a single processor or symmetric multi-processor computers. It was part of Microsoft's Windows NT family of operating systems and was released to manufacturing on 31 July 1996. It is a 32-bit operating system available in both workstation and server editions with a graphical environment similar to that of Windows 95. It was officially released on August 24, 1996, about a year after Windows 95.

The successor to Windows NT 3.51, Windows NT 4.0 introduced the user interface of Windows 95 to the Windows NT family, including the Windows shell, File Explorer (known as Windows NT Explorer at the time), and the use of "My" nomenclature for shell folders (e.g. My Computer). It also includes most components introduced with Windows 95. Internally, Windows NT 4.0 was known as the Shell Update Release. While many administrative tools, notably "User Manager for Domains", "Server Manager" and "Domain Name Service Manager" still used the old graphical user interfaces, the Start menu in Windows NT 4.0 separated the per-user shortcuts and folders from the shared shortcuts and folders by a separator line. Windows NT 4.0 includes some enhancements from Microsoft Plus! for Windows 95 such as the "Space Cadet" pinball table, font smoothing, showing window contents while dragging, high-color icons and stretching the wallpaper to fit the screen. Windows Desktop Update could also be installed on Windows NT 4.0 to update the shell version and install Task Scheduler. Windows NT 4.0 Resource Kit included the Desktop Themes utility.

Windows NT 4.0 is the last major release of Microsoft Windows to support the Alpha, MIPS or PowerPC CPU architectures. It remained in use by businesses for a number of years, despite Microsoft's many efforts to get customers to upgrade to Windows 2000 and newer versions. It was also the last release in the Windows NT family to be branded as "Windows NT" although Windows 2000 carried the designation "Built on NT Technology".

Windows NT 4.0 Server was included in versions 4.0 and 4.5 of BackOffice Small Business Server suite.




Peter Bogdanovich

Peter Bogdanovich (July 30, 1939 – January 6, 2022) was an American movie director, writer, movie producer, screenwriter, critic, actor, and historian. He was known for his movies "The Last Picture Show", "Paper Moon", "Mask", "They All Laughed", "What's Up, Doc?", and "Texasville".

He won a BAFTA Award for writing the screenplay of "The Last Picture Show" in 1971. He was nominated for two Academy Awards for his work on the same movie in 1971. He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award in 1973 for "Paper Moon".

Bogdanovich was born in Kingston, New York. He studied at the Collegiate School and Stella Adler Studio of Acting.

Bogdanovich was married to producer Polly Platt from 1962 until their divorce in 1978. From 1988 until 2001, he was married to Louise Stratten. He was in a relationship with actress Cybill Shepherd between 1971 until 1978. In 1980, he was in a relationship with model Dorothy Stratten.

Bogdanovich died on January 6, 2022 in Los Angeles, California from problems caused by Parkinson's disease at the age of 82.


Kingston, New York

Kingston is a small city in Ulster County, New York. It is the county seat of Ulster County. It is north of New York City and south of Albany. The city's metropolitan area is grouped with the New York metropolitan area by the United States Census Bureau. In 2020, 24,069 people lived there.



Gorgonzola

Gorgonzola is a type of Italian blue cheese. It can be buttery or firm, crumbly and quite salty, with a "bite" from its blue veining. It is made of cow's milk. 

Provolone

Provolone is a type of Italian blue cheese. Provolone, provola, and provoleta are versions of the same basic cheese.

Voice of America Persian News Network

Voice of America-Persian News Network (VOA-PNN) is a governmental international broadcaster of the United States. It broadcasts in the Persian language. Its base is in Washington D.C.. Its first program was broadcasted on 18 October 1994. The duration of its first programs was at first one hour. The first VOA radio programs in Persian were broadcast on 22 November 1979. They lasted at first 30 minutes.

The first manager of VOA-PNN was Ahmad Reza Baharlou. Later managers were Kambiz Mohammadi, Shila Ganji, Behrouz Abbassi, Behrouz Souresrafil, James Glassman, Hida Fouladvand and Ramin Asgard. The current manager of VOA-PNN is Setare Derakhshesh.

The TV programs are broadcast each day for five hours. After the end of the live TV programs, the programs are repeated from recordings.


Chadwell Heath

Chadwell Heath is a suburban area in north-east London. Its postcode is RM6. It is partly in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham and partly in the London Borough of Redbridge. 

Petro Poroshenko

Petro Oleksiyovych Poroshenko (; born 26 September 1965 in Bolhrad) is a Ukrainian billionaire businessman. He became President of Ukraine on 7 June 2014. He lost his re-election in 2019 to comedian Volodymyr Zelensky.

Poroshenko was the People's Deputy of Ukraine of the 3rd, 4th, 5th, 7th and 9th convocations (1998-2014, since 2019). He is a founder of the Solidarity Party of Ukraine and one of the co-founders of the Labor Solidarity Party of Ukraine, which later changed its name to the Party of Regions. He served as Minister of Foreign Affairs (2009-2010) in the second government of Yulia Tymoshenko and Minister of Trade (2012) in the government of Mykola Azarov. He was a member of the Council of the National Bank of Ukraine (2007-2014).

Elected President of Ukraine in May 2014, winning 54.7% of the vote in the first round. During his presidency, he suspended active Russian aggression in eastern Ukraine and gained Ukraine's foreign policy support from Western (Europe and North America) countries. Under his presidency, Ukraine received a visa-free regime with the EU (2017). He contributed to the granting of autocephaly to the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (2018-2019). He initiated unprecedented reforms in the army, education, medicine, public administration, etc. He ran in the 2019 presidential election, but lost to producer and showman Volodymyr Zelensky in the second round.

In addition to his political activities, Poroshenko is engaged in business and is considered one of the Ukrainian oligarchs; regularly ranks in the rankings of the wealthiest Ukrainians. He is partly the owner of the Roshen confectionery corporation, several automobile and bus factories, the 5 TV channel, etc.

The Poroshenko family is documented in the 1835 census in Safyany, Izmail County, Bessarabian Province. The family belongs to the community of Ukrainian burghers. The family lived on the lands of the Ust-Danube Budzhak Cossack army.

Wales Coast Path

The Wales Coast Path () is a long-distance footpath which follows the whole coastline of Wales. It opened on 5 May 2012. It is long, from Chepstow in the south to Queensferry in the north.

Wales is the first country in the world to build a footpath along its entire coastline. The Path runs through eleven National Nature Reserves and other nature reserves, including those managed by The Wildlife Trusts or Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB). Lonely Planet rated the coast of Wales first in its Best in Travel: top 10 regions for 2012.

The Wales Coast Path was opened on 5 May 2012, as the world's first coastal path to cover an entire country. It follows the Welsh coastline from Chepstow in the south east to near Queensferry in the north. It joined together some existing paths, such as the North Wales Path, the Anglesey Coastal Path and the Llŷn Coastal Path. The Pembrokeshire Coast Path is a National Trail. and in 2011 was voted by National Geographic magazine as the second-best coastal destination in the world.

The long path goes through different coastal areas. These include the mouth of the River Dee, the seaside towns of north Wales, the Menai Strait, the Isle of Anglesey, the Llŷn Peninsula, Cardigan Bay, miles of sand in the National Park in Pembrokeshire, Gower, Cardiff Bay, Cardiff, and Chepstow.

The whole path can be used by walkers. Some sections can also be used by cyclists, families with pushchairs, people with restricted mobility, and horse riders.

The Countryside Council for Wales (now Natural Resources Wales) set up the path, and each of 15 local government areas it passes through look after their own section. There were already five coastal paths, in Pembrokeshire, Anglesey, Gwynedd, Ceredigion and the North Wales coast. These became five of the eight geographical areas that now make up the path. The other three areas are made up of single and combined counties and county boroughs with coastlines.

The Wales Coast Path was set up by the Welsh Government with the former Countryside Council for Wales, sixteen local authorities and two National Parks. Since 2007 the Welsh Government has spent £2 million per year to improve public access to the coast through its Coastal Access Improvement Programme. The European Regional Development Fund has also given £3.9 million over three years to support the project.

The idea for the path was based on the success of the Pembrokeshire Coast Path National Trail and the Isle of Anglesey Coastal Path. Plans for the path were shown by First Minister Rhodri Morgan in June 2006, at the opening of the 125-mile path around Anglesey. It was thought the project would take up to five years; it has been nearer six. Visitors to the Pembrokeshire and Anglesey coastal paths bring a lot of money into Wales. It was also seen as an important to encourage both locals and visitors to discover and enjoy Wales’ outdoor spaces, also gain health and welfare benefits from walking.

The Countryside Council for Wales said that improvements to the path would continue during 2012 and 2013. The path will follow the coastline as close as it is safe and practical. The completed path is expected to lead to making shorter circular paths, linking to inland towns and villages.

The official opening of the path took place in a number of places on 5 May 2012. These places showed the path’s beauty and ease of access for walkers of all ages, fitness and ability. To celebrate the opening, Ramblers Cymru, hosted the Big Welsh Coastal Walk, with over 5,500 people taking part.

Northern Eye Books are writing the Official Guidebooks for five sections of the Wales Coast Path: North Wales Coast, Isle of Anglesey, Llyn Peninsula, Carmarthenshire and Gower, and the South Wales Coast. They already publish the Official Guide for Anglesey, "Walking the Isle of Anglesey Coastal Path" by Carl Rogers. There are also guidebooks to the Ceredigion Coast Path and the Pembrokeshire Coast Path by other publishers.

The first anniversary of the opening of the path was marked on radio and television. It is estimated that in that first year some 2.8 million people walked parts of the path, adding £16 million to the Welsh economy. It is estimated that more than 800,000 visitors to the path also stayed the night in one of the many guest-houses, B&B's and hotels along the route.

The of the Wales Coast Path joins the Offa's Dyke Path National Trail. This path follows the border with England, to make a walking path around almost the whole of Wales.

The Open Spaces Society is angry because some landowners will not allow the path to cross their land. This means more than 20% of the route will have to be on roads, sometimes out of sight of the sea. A Countryside Council for Wales spokeswoman said: “Just over 20% of the WCP is on road, slightly less than the average for national trails in Britain, which is in the region of 25%. This is mainly on quiet, country lanes.”

In 2014 there was a temporary road route north of Cardigan, connecting Gwbert with Mwnt. The Ceredigion Coast Path section in that area could not be used because of legal actions.

Walkers have a view overlooking a gypsy caravan site at Rover Way in Cardiff. People living here are worried about their privacy.


Massimo Vignelli

Massimo Vignelli (January 10, 1931 – May 27, 2014) was an Italian graphic designer. He did work in a number of areas ranging from package design to houseware design to furniture design to public signage to showroom design. He was the founder of Vignelli Associates. He was born in Milan, Italy.

Vignelli died in New York City, New York from an illness, aged 83.

Harry Knowles

Harry Jay Knowles (born December 11, 1971) is an American movie critic and writer. He is known for his website called "Ain't It Cool News". 

Knowles was born in Austin, Texas.


Mieczysław Rakowski

Mieczysław Franciszek Rakowski (December 1, 1926 – November 8, 2008) was a Polish communist politician, historian and journalist. He served as an officer in the Polish People's Army from 1945 to 1949. He served as Prime Minister of Poland from 1988 to 1989.

Rakowski died on November 8, 2008 from cancer in Warsaw at the age of 81.

Breckin Meyer

Breckin Erin Meyer (born May 7, 1974) is an American actor, comedian, writer, television producer, and drummer. 

He is known for his role as Jon Arbuckle in "", as Joseph Gribble in "King of the Hill", for his many voice roles in the Adult Swim TV series "Robot Chicken", and for his role as Jared Franklin in "Franklin & Bash".

The United States in the 19th century

The United States was a country in the 19th century. During this time it grew from 17 states to 45 states. The year was from 1801 till 1900 in the Gregorian calendar. States like Utah, Illinois and Mississippi were added to the United States. There were 22 presidents. The Industrial Revolution was still going on. The first skyscraper was built and the White House became the home of the President of the United States. There was a war with Great Britain in 1812. In 1866 Alfred Nobel invented dynamite. The sport of Basketball was invented. In 1829, William Austin Burt patented a machine called the "Typographer" which many consider the first typewriter. The 19th century also saw the Great Chicago Fire. New York City was hit by the Great September Gale of 1815. 

The United States of America had 22 presidents in the 19th Century. Thomas Jefferson was the third President of the United States. He was the first elected president of the 19th century. The last one was William McKinley. McKinley started the presidency in 1897 and he left his presidency in 1901 which is just after the 19th century. All these presidents in the 19th century lived in the white house. 

Thomas Jefferson was born on the 13th of April in 1743. His parents were Jane Randolph Jefferson and Peter Jefferson. His brothers were Peter and Randolph. His sisters were Jane, Mary, Elizabeth, Marta, Lucy and Anna. He was a member of the Democratic-Republican Party. He was president from 1801 till 1809. He died on July 5, 1826 and was buried at Monticello.
Abraham Lincoln was born on 12 February 1809. This was while Thomas Jefferson was president. He was the second child of Thomas Lincoln and Nancy Lincoln. He was born in the state of Kentucky. Lincoln married Mary Todd. His children were Robert, Edward, Willie and Tad. Lincoln belonged to the Whig Party and later the Republican Party. He was assassinated while still in office. 

Martin van Buren was born on December 5, 1782. He was born in Kinderhook, New York, US. His father was Abraham van Buren and his mother was Maria Hoes van Alen van Buren. His ancestor Cornelis van Buren had come to the United States in 1631 from the small city of Buren. Martin is the only president who has spoken English as a second language. His political party was called the Free Soil Party. Martin was president from 1837 till 1841. He died on July 24, 1862.

James Monroe was born on April 28,1758 in Virginia. His parents were Spence Monroe and Elizabeth. James Monroe married Elizabeth Kortright. Their children were Eliza, James and Maria. He died on July 4, 1831 in New York City. He was then 73 years old.

The transition from an agricultural to an industrial economy took more than a century in the United States, they lagged far behind their mother country, England. The Industrial Revolution started around 1750 in England, and fifty years later in the United States. This was because there was a lot of land to work on, but there was too less labour to do that. The industrial machines were expensive.
The start of the Industrial Revolution in America is caused by Samuel Slater, who built the first industrial mill in the United States around 1790. His cotton mill looked a lot like the British mill. But through this mill, the speed with which cotton thread could be spun into yarn was greatly increased.
Another cause of the rapidly changing economy were the new organizational strategies to increase the speed to make the products. This reformation was especially important for the shoe and boot industry. Were first the most products were made by hand.
But the most important change was the “Factory System” where products were produced on a large scale and then one specific product, but they needed people to operate the machines. A group of businessman called the Boston Associates recruited thousands farm girls from New England to operate the machines in the new factories.

One of the most known mill towns was Lowell, Massachusetts, which opened in 1823. The use of a female factory workers had advantages to both employer and employee. The Boston Associates preferred the young girls because they paid young girls less than men. These female factory workers were often called: Lowell Girls, named to the place Lowell.


P. K. Subban

Pernell-Karl Sylvester Subban ( ; born May 13, 1989) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a total of 13 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Montreal Canadiens, Nashville Predators, and the New Jersey Devils. He has also played for Team Canada and won a gold medal with them at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.

He currently does work as a broadcast analyst for the "NHL on ESPN" panel.

Before playing in the NHL, Subban played 4 years with the Belleville Bulls of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). Subban was drafted with the 43rd overall pick by the Montreal Canadiens in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. He made his NHL debut with the Canadiens on February 12, 2010, in a 3–2 loss to the Philadelphia Flyers. During the game, he assisted on a Glen Metropolit goal for his first point in the NHL. On April 26, 2010, Subban played in his first NHL playoff game. He also recorded his first NHL playoff point when he assisted on a Michael Cammalleri goal. He scored his first goal on April 30, 2010, in game one of Canadiens' second round series against the Pittsburgh Penguins.

On September 20, 2022, Subban announced that he was retiring from playing professional ice hockey


Pombia Safari Park

Pombia Safari Park is a safari park, zoo and amusement park in Pombia, Piedmont, northern Italy. It was created by Angelo Lombardi in 1976. It has an area of 400.000 square metres.

Safari Ravenna

Safari Ravenna is a safari park and zoo in Ravenna, Emilia-Romagna, Italy, created in 2012 near the amusement park of Mirabilandia; extending over an area of 340.000 square metres.

My Way (Limp Bizkit song)

"My Way" is the fourth single off American nu metal band Limp Bizkit's third studio album "Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water". The song was released on September 27, 2000. The song was nominated for a Kerrang! Award for Best Single. My Way was used as the theme song for WWF's WrestleMania X-Seven.

Rother

Rother is a borough in East Sussex, South East England. Its headquarters are in Bexhill-on-Sea. About 95,000 people live in Rother. It was created on 1 April 1974.

Rollin' (Limp Bizkit song)

"Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)" is the third single off American nu metal band Limp Bizkit's third studio album "Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water". The song was released on October 10, 2000. 

There was a remix version of the song titled "Rollin' (Urban Assault Vehicle)" which featured rappers DMX, Redman, and Method Man. It was also produced by Swizz Beatz. The remix was ranked #4 on VH1's list of 50 Most Awesomely Bad Songs.

The song was used as the theme song for American professional wrestler The Undertaker from December 2000 to May 2002. Limp Bizkit performed the song live during his entrance for WrestleMania XIX. The song was featured in the 2001 video game NHL Hitz 2002 and the remix was featured in the 2001 movie The Fast and the Furious.


History of rail transport in the Netherlands

History of rail transport in the Netherlands On September 20, 1839, the first train rode through the Netherlands. It was a short trip from Amsterdam to Haarlem. The train was called the "Arend". It was a steam locomotive. The history of the Dutch railways can be divided into six periods starting in the year 1839. The planning for railways lasted from 1840-1860, the early expansion of the railways, government construction of new railways from 1860-1890, consolidation of the railways from 1890-1938, the 'Nederlandse Spoorwegen' monopoly from 1938-1992, and the time following the end of this monopoly, from 1992-present.. 

The first modern railway was built in England in 1830. It ran between the English towns of Liverpool and Manchester. A Dutch artillery officer, William A. Bake, was there when it opened. When Bake came back to the Netherlands, he made plans to connect the city of Amsterdam to Amersfoort and Amersfoort to Arnhem. King William supported Bake's plan. Unfortunately, his timing was bad. His plan to find money to build the railroad did not succeed. Dutch businessmen did not want to invest their money in a Dutch railroad at that time. They were worried about their investments in Spain. With no money, his plan did not work.

Belgium and Germany started to copy the English railway tracks, and King William I of the Netherlands did want to be left behind. With the king's interest, the railways improved and became safer. The new railways were able to work in the soil of the Netherlands.

King William allowed engineers to study whether a railroad system would be possible in the Netherlands. But it was difficult to find money to fund the railway tracks. The king made his decision on August 8, 1837. Eventaully, the Dutch government decided to pay to built the railroads. After 2 years, the first railway company was founded. It was called the Hollandse Ijzeren Spoorweg Maatschappi, or (HIJSM). They began with the construction of the railway track that connected Amsterdam and Haarlem. The first steam locomotive to ride this track was a small locomotive called "de Arend".

After the success of the first railway track that connected Amsterdam to Haarlem. The railroads started to expand and a new railway company was found. It was called the ‘Nederlandse Rhijnspoorweg Maatschappij’ (NSR). They both made the new railroad to Rotterdam The railway would cross everything.

The NSR and the HIJSM bought every piece of land to proceed. But some landowners and farmers didn’t like the idea of a railway crossing their farm, because it could frighten the cows. There was even a big incident that happened while making a railway track that connected Amsterdam to Rotterdam. A land owner called Aernout Hendrik van Wickenvoort Crommelin only wanted to sell his piece of land if a train station was built favorable for him. The HIJSM and NSR didn’t like that so they tried to make the railway track go around his piece of land. Unfortunately it failed. Still Aernout had given them some land to continue. The NSR and HIJSM lost a lot of money on this incident and it was later called: ‘Het laantje van van der Gaag'. The railroad was finished in 1847.

The NSR also wanted to build a railway by themselves. This railway would go from Amsterdam to Utrecht to Arnhem and then on to Germany. The progress was very slow as they could not find enough investors. The Dutch King William I again stepped in as the savior of the railroads. There was another problem to overcome constructing the railway because the Dutch railways were built on Dutch broad gauge and the connection railway in Germany was made on standard gauge. The railroad From Amsterdam to Utrecht was finished on December 18, 1843. The next stretch to Arnhem was finished on May 16, 1845. The final stretch to Germany took 11 years because this last part of the railroad had to be made in Standard gauge.

In 1860 the Spoorwegnet was founded. It is a system that connects all the cities with railways built by the government.
In 1863, a new railway company was founded. It was called the Maatschappij tot Exploitatie van Staatsspoorwegen or SS for short. This company was not founded by the government. It was founded by a private group of investors who had acquired a license to use railways built by the state.

The other companies also continued building railroad tracks. More railway companies were founded. One was the Noord-Brabants-duitse Spoorweg-Maatschappij, or NBDS, often called S for short. It was founded to complete the railway track that connected Saint Petersburg, Berlin and London.

In the 1800s, railways in the Netherlands were run by many different companies that all had their own rules and trains. This made rail travel very inconvenient.

In 1890, all the railway companies in the Netherlands were merged and then split into 2 companies. The HSM and the SS. The railways were reclassified based on the English model.

In 1903, the workers at the railway companies went on strike, meaning they stopped working until their bosses met their demands. They felt their working conditions were very bad. They earned low wages for very hard work. The strike was successful. The bosses agreed to improve working conditions. When World War I began in 1914, the Netherlands stayed neutral. Train transportation was then used by armies. The railways were part of the war because it was easy to transport soldiers and equipment. The HSM and the SS had to work together very closely. In 1937, they merged, becoming the "Nederlandse Spoorwegen" or NS.

In total there are 404 railway stations in the Netherlands. 381 stations are managed by the NS. Some of them are very old looking and some are more modern.

In the past, passengers had to rely on yellow signboards to watch for trains. There were no escalators. The Zandvoort station has much of the older style of architecture, while Utrecht CS is new.

There have been many different trains in the Netherlands. The first were steam trains, then diesel trains and now electric trains.

The first train was called the Arend and it drove from Amsterdam to Haarlem. The many other steam trains that came after were all named by series and by number, as in series 600.

Diesel trains were cheaper and easier to use than steam trains. Currently, the only diesel trains still running are called the buffel. They run on the following lines: Zwolle – Enschede, Zwolle – Kampen, and Apeldoorn – Zutphen.

Most of the trains in the Netherlands today are electric. They are noticeable by the big electricity masts that give them power.

Trains are usually divided into two classes of seating, first and second.
In the past, there was also a third class, but it has been discontinued. Almost all the trains today have one day's free Wi-Fi connection so passengers can use the Internet. In the past, passengers had to buy tickets to take the train, but now they can use OV chipkaarts.

• Sprinters are fast trains that stop at every station

• The Thalys is a new high-speed train that can reach 300 km/h.

• Intercity is also an express train; it travels from one city to another without stops.

http://www.holland.com/uk/tourism/article/railway-museum-in-utrecht.htm

http://www.ns.nl/over-ns/wie-zijn-wij/profiel/geschiedenis 

http://www.spoorweggeschiedenis.nl/ 

Youth of the Nation

"Youth of the Nation" is the second single off American Christian nu metal band P.O.D.'s fourth studio album "Satellite". The song was released on December 25, 2001.

The song was inspired partially by the Santana High School and Columbine High School shootings. In a 2008 interview, guitarist Marcos Curiel described it:
""We were rehearsing and writing Satellite a couple of blocks away from the school. One day on the way to the studio, there were all these helicopters and cars speeding by. We really didn’t know what was going on. When we got to the studio, this guy had the news on, and he was like, ‘This kid just went and started blasting fools.’ So we started jamming, and that rhythm just naturally came out then Wuv [Bernardo, drummer] put that drumbeat on it, and the song was born.""

Surface-to-air missile

A surface-to-air missile (SAM), also known as a ground-to-air missile (GTAM) or surface-to-air guided weapon (SAGW), is a type of missile that is launched from ground or from a ship to destroy aircraft or other missiles. It is one type of Anti-aircraft warfare.


Infante Luis of Spain

Luis Antonio Jaime of Spain (25 July 1727 – 7 August 1785), Infante of Spain, Cardinal Deacon of the titular church of Santa Maria della Scala in Rome, Archbishop of Toledo and Primate of Spain, 13th Count of Chinchón, Grandee of Spain First Class, known as the Cardinal Infante, was the last child of Philip V of Spain and his wife Elisabeth Farnese. He is famous for being the youngest Cardinal in history. He also had close ties with several famous Spanish painters of his day including Francisco de Goya. 

Luis was born in the city of Seville in Spain. He was the youngest child of the king King and queen of Spain. He was given the name Luis in honour of his French great-grandfather Louis XIV. From a young age his father showered various religious titles upon his youngest son, even creating him a "Primate of Spain". Giving him the rank of an Archbishop while barely eight years old. He was also an Infante of Spain by birth being the child of a reigning Spanish monarch giving him the use of "Royal Highness" from birth. Despite his parents decisions the young Luis abandoned his religious rank due to a lack of interest in his charges on 18 December 1754. He was given the title of Count of Chinchón by which he is known. The title was eventually inherited by his daughter Maria Teresa and was given to him by his older brother The Infante Felipe.

Following the death of his childless elder half-brother King Fernando VI in 1759 he claimed the throne and his brother Carlos (the future Charles III of Spain claimed the throne for himself exiling his younger brother from the royal court in Madrid.

In his exile Luis contracted a marriage with María Teresa de Vallabriga herself an aristocrat but not royalty. 


As he now had children he could also claim the throne of the Two Sicilies but his brother Charles III barred his right and made sure he and his family were never allowed at court. He died aged 58 having never reconciled with his elder brother. His title was inherited by his eldest daughter whose children then inherited the title too. 


Vaginitis

Vaginitis is an inflammation of the vagina. It may result in discharge, itching and pain. Vulva irritation or infection is often involved. It is usually because of the latter.

A woman having this condition may have these symptoms:


Bacterial vaginosis is the most common vaginal sickness in women.

Ovarian cyst

Ovarian cysts are collections of fluids, surrounded by a very thin wall within an ovary. Ovarian follicles that are larger than two centimeters are termed ovarian cysts. The cysts range from pea-sized to just larger than an orange. Most cysts are functional in nature and harmless.

Ovarian cysts affect women of any age.

Xeon

Xeon is a brand of x86 microprocessors designed and manufactured by Intel Corporation. In 1988 Intel released the first microprocessor using the name Xeon.

As of 2021, the Xeon series of processors are used in cloud computing and enterprise grade servers. 

Pentre Ifan

The Pentre Ifan dolmen is the largest and best preserved neolithic dolmen in Wales. It is on the ancient manor of Pentre Ifan in the civil parish of Nevern, Pembrokeshire, Wales. The manor was the home of the Bowen family going back to the 11th century. Being built around 3,500 B.C. 

This monument is recorded as Coflein NPRN 101450, which tells us: " Pentre Ifan is perhaps the finest surviving Neolithic tomb in Wales and forms one of a group of Portal Dolmens built around the tributaries of the Nevern Valley approximately 6,000 years ago".

The capstone is said to weigh around 16 tons and points at the Nevern River. From the east side of the site looking west the capstone follows almost the exact same angle as the northern slope of Carningli mountain, both leading your eyes to the mouth of the Nevern estuary at Newport.

The dolmen dates from about 3,500 B.C. It may have been used for group burials. The existing stones form the door, called a portal and main chamber of the tomb. These would have been covered with a large stone mound about 36.6 m long and 17 m wide. Some of the stones have been scattered, but at least seven are in their original position. The capstone is 5.1 m in length, and is thought to to weigh 16 tonnes, and rises 2.4 m above the ground. It is held up by the narrow tips of three uprights. These stones make a chamber that is 3 m long, 2 m wide and 3 m high. A large stone has been used to block the entrance.

The facade around the portal is a carefully built dry stone wall.

William Francis Grimes carried out archaeological diggings at the site in 1936/1937 and 1958/1959. Small pieces of flint and pottery were discovered during these digs. This are also signs that there may have been holes dug for some sort of ritual purpose long before the dolmen was set up.

The dolmen is owned and looked after by Cadw, the Welsh Historic Monuments Agency. The site is well-kept and entrance is free. It is about 17 km from Cardigan. It has views down the Nevern Valley to the sea.



Lago di Annone

Lago di Annone (also called Lago di Oggiono) is a lake in the Province of Lecco, Lombardy, Italy. It borders the municipalities of Annone di Brianza, Suello, Civate, Galbiate and Oggiono.

Tommy Blom

Tommy Albert Blom (3 March 1947 – 25 May 2014) was a Swedish singer and radio host. He was member of the band Tages in the 1960s. He hosted Vinyl 107 from the mid-1990s until 2008, when he lost that job because of age. He returned to Vinyl 107 in 2011.

He was born in Gothenburg. He died from cancer on 25 May 2014 in Stockholm, at the age of 67.

Bolhrad

Bolhrad (; Bulgarian and ; ) is a small city in Odesa Oblast (province) of south-western Ukraine. It is the capital city of Bolhrad Raion (district).

Pembrokeshire Coast Path

Pembrokeshire Coast Path () (also called the Pembrokeshire Coastal Path) is a National Trail in Pembrokeshire in the Wales, in the United Kingdom. It is a footpath that anyone can walk anytime for free. It was made a footpath in 1970. It is long. The highest place on the path is Pen yr afr. It is high. It's lowest place is Sandy Haven crossing. It is low at the water. The path goes along coast and people walking on the path will see the water most of the time. 

The path starts at Amroth and goes north to Poppit Sands. A plaque is located at Poppit Sands. The path used to stop, or start, at Poppit Sands. Now it goes to St. Dogmaels. At St. Dogmaels the path connects to another path called the Ceredigion Coast Path. The Pembrokeshire Coast Path is a part of the Wales Coast Path.

The Pembrokeshire Coast National Park was founded in 1952. After it was founded, Ronald Lockley did a survey for a path on the coastline. The region was very rural. There were villages on the coastline but communication between other villages was very hard. People often used boats to visit each other. Lockey reported on this in 1953. He suggested that a footpath be created to help. Most of the places the path would go through were public space, so anyone could walk on them without any problems. Other parts were owned by people, so you could not walk on the path without asking. They asked the owners if it was okay to use their land for the paths and most people said it as ok. There are still some areas of the path that go in strange directions because path users cannot walk on the private land. It took 17 years to build the path. 100 footbridges and 479 stiles were built. Thousands of stairs were built into the ground.

The path was opened on May 16, 1970 by Wynford Vaughan-Thomas. It was long. Now it is .

Most of the path is located in Pembrokeshire Coast National Park. The path goes along the Irish Sea. There are many different types of geological and environmental areas. There are headlands, cliffs, coves, glacial valleys, and more. The path goes by 58 beaches and 14 harbors.

Most of the path is easy to walk. There is one part that goes high. There are two areas near the water that it passes which sometimes get flooded. These parts are at Dale and Sandy Haven. The path goes through some towns and villages. These include Tenby, St Davids, Solva and Newport. 

There are some trails that connect to the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park. They are:


The rocks under the path are over 300 million years old. The look of the land that the path goes along is the effect of the Ice Age. There are a variety of different types of rocks one can see on the path: igneous, pre-Cambrian, and more.

Walkers on the path can see wild flowers during the seasons of Spring and Summer. There are a lot of birds. Many of the birds are seabirds. There are also porpoises, dolphins, and seals in the water off the path.

There are historical sites on the path that date back to Neolithic times. There are places where there used to be hut circles. There are former places that people lived in during the Bronze Age and Iron Age. Most of the land near the path is farmed and people also fish off the path like they did in ancient times, but with modern tools.

The path was named the second best "National Geographic's" place to visit on a coast in 2011. The beaches along the path are famous also and have won over 300 awards for their quality, environmentalism and beauty.


Hysteresis

Hysteresis is a concept in physical science.
In hysteresis the output of a system depends not only on its input, but also on its history of past inputs. This is because the history affects the value of an internal state. To predict the future outputs of a system, either its internal state or its history must be known.

The effect may happen because of a lag between input and output. This effect disappears as the input changes more slowly. This effect meets the description of hysteresis given above, but is often referred to as "rate-dependent hysteresis" to distinguish it from hysteresis with a more durable memory effect.

Hysteresis occurs in ferromagnetic materials and ferroelectric materials. It also occurs in the deformation of some materials (such as rubber bands and shape-memory alloys). Many artificial systems are designed to have hysteresis: for example, in thermostats and computers.

Anglesey Coastal Path

The Anglesey Coastal Path is a is a footpath on the island of Anglesey, Wales in the United Kingdom. The footpath is a part of the Wales Coast Path. 

The footpath follows the coast of the island of Anglesey. It goes around the entire island except in two places. Those two places are Plas Newydd and Afon Alaw between Llanfachraeth and Llanynghenedl. The path starts at Holyhead. It travels through an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The majority of the path travels through public land with a small amount going through private land. Owners of the private land have given permission for walkers to pass through their property. The path is part of the All Wales Coast Path.

The path cost £1.4 million to build. It was built by two organizations: Menter Môn and Isle of Anglesey County Council. It was opened on June 9, 2006 by Rhodri Morgan. 

There are three trails that connect to the Anglesey Coastal Path. They are:


Walkers can visit many places on the path. 



Kármán line

The Kármán line is the altitude where space begins. It is 100 km (about 62 miles) high. It commonly represents the border between the Earth's atmosphere and outer space. This definition is accepted by the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI). The FAI is an international standard setting and record-keeping body for aeronautics and astronautics. The line is named after Theodore von Kármán (1881–1963), a Hungarian-American engineer and physicist. He was active in aeronautics and astronautics. He was the first to calculate that around this altitude, the atmosphere becomes too thin to support aeronautical flight. An aircraft at this altitude would have to travel faster than orbital velocity (velocity at which a body moves around another body.) to obtain enough lift to support itself. There is a sudden increase in temperature of the atmosphere and solar radiation just below the line. This places the line within the greater thermosphere.

Territorial integrity

Territorial integrity means that a country should not try to make another country break up or try to take part of the other county's territory.

Battle of Hampton Roads

The Battle of Hampton Roads was a naval battle of the American Civil War. It was fought on March 8 and 9, 1862 near Hampton Roads, Virginia. It was an important battle because it was the first combat between ironclad warships.

The Confederate ironclad "CSS Virginia" tried to break the Union navy blockade of Hampton Roads. The blockade prevented all commerce with Norfolk and Richmond, Virginia. On March 8, the "Virginia" sank and damaged several union battleships. On March 8, the Union ironclad USS "Monitor" arrived and fought the "Virginia". The battle lasted for several hours. But neither ship could defeat the other. Both ships left the fight thinking they had won. But the Confederates failed to break the blockade. 

Both ironclads were lost soon after the battle. When Norfolk fell in May 1862, the CSS "Virginia" was destroyed by its crew so it wouldn't be captured. The USS "Monitor" was lost in a storm near Cape Hatteras on December 31, 1862. Her wreck was found in 1974.

The Battle of Hampton Roads did not make a big difference in the outcome of the Civil War. But it changed the way people fought wars with ships. The battle proved that ironclad warships were much stronger than wooden ships. After this battle, the U.S. and other countries stopped building wooden ships. They started building iron warships instead.


Dumb Starbucks

Dumb Starbucks was a coffee shop opened by comedian Nathan Fielder. It was closed just after three days for not having a proper health license. Because the shop was a parody making fun of the real Starbucks company, Fielder was able to use their logo.

In a normal Starbucks store, you will usually see a board with the beverages that you can purchase. But in Dumb Starbucks, it had the word "Dumb" in front of the name of the beverage you would see at Starbucks. For example, if you saw the Vanilla Latte at Starbucks, in Dumb Starbucks, it would be called "Dumb Vanilla Latte". Usually Starbucks has some other items, such as music CDs, but Dumb Starbucks also took the same music CDs and wrote the word "Dumb" in front of them.

Nathan Fielder had planned to open another Dumb Starbucks in Brooklyn, New York City, but he did not try to open one, even with health documents. Many people did not like Fielder and his new parody. Some people felt he was making fun of them being Starbucks customers, others said his coffee was terrible.

Cuisine of the United States

The cuisine of the United States refers to food prepared in the United States. The European Colonization of the Americas gave way to introduction of many ingredients and cooking styles. These styles extended to the 19th and 20th centuries. 

Seafood have been in the United States since pre-Colonial times. Native American ate fish and other seafood in those times.

Pizza is based on the traditional Italian dish which was brought to the U.S. by Italian immigrants. It varies, however, based on the style and development region.

Greek food is also popular in the United States.

In the Southern United States, fried chicken is extremely popular, though it is eaten everywhere.

Cuisine of the Southern United States

The cuisine of the Southern United States is food prepared across the Southern United States. Foods prepared or from the Southern United States include corn, tomatoes, squash along with other fruits or vegetables.

Much of Creole or Cajun cuisine is based on France, West Africa and the Caribbean.

Traditional Southern meals usually involve catfish, fried chicken, butter beans, biscuits and cornbread.

The restaurants serving Southern food include Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits, Church's Chicken and Kentucky Fried Chicken.

Malcolm Glazer

Malcolm Irving Glazer (August 15, 1928 – May 28, 2014) was an American businessman and sports team owner. He was the president and chief executive officer of First Allied Corporation. He also owned both the association football club Manchester United of the English Premier League and the American football team Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the NFL.

Glazer was born in Rochester, New York to Lithuanian Jewish immigrants.

Glazer was married to Linda from 1961 until his death. The couple had five sons together: Avram, Kevin, Bryan, Joel, Edward; and a daughter, Darcie.

Glazer died on May 28, 2014 in Palm Beach, Florida, aged 85. He had been in poor health since suffering two strokes in April 2006.


St. Govan's Chapel

St. Govan's Chapel is a chapel in St. Govan, Pembrokeshire, in the country of Wales. 

The chapel is built into a cliff made of limestone. It is small and measures 20 by 12 feet in size. It has only one room. The walls are made of limestone. The building is very old. It might have been built in the 6th century. But, most of the building was built in the 13th century. The first chapel was a cave that Saint Goven lived in where the chapel is today. People believe that Saint Goven might be buried beneath the building. 

There is one entrance on the north part of the building. There are benches made of stone inside. The roof, which is made of slate is newer. To get to the building you have to walk down 52 stairs. 

Microsoft Visual Studio

Microsoft Visual Studio is a set of programs or tools used to help write computer programs. It includes the tools for designing, coding the program, and fixing the bugs. This type of software is called an integrated development environment (or IDE). It means it has most of the tools necessary to write new programs. It currently supports Python, JavaScript, TypeScript, C++, and the .NET languages.

IPad Mini 2

The second generation iPad Mini (stylized and marketed as iPad Mini 2, and previously marketed as the iPad mini with Retina display) is a tablet computer that is made and sold by Apple Inc. It almost has the same design as the first generation iPad Mini, but added some new features such as the Apple A7 system-on-a-chip and a 2,048 x 1,536 resolution Retina Display. It uses the same hardware that is used in the iPad Air. Apple released the second generation iPad Mini in silver and space grey colors on November 12, 2013.

The successor to the iPad Mini 2, the iPad Mini 3, was announced on October 16, 2014. In 2017, the iPad mini 2 was discontinued.

The iPad Mini 2 was announced during an event at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts on October 22, 2013. The theme of the event was 'We still have a lot to cover.' Originally, at the time of its release, the iPad Mini 2 was officially sold as the "iPad Mini with Retina Display". However, when the iPad Mini 3 was announced on October 16, 2014, Apple started selling the second generation iPad Mini as iPad Mini 2.

George Eliot (spy)

George Eliot was an English spy during the rule of Queen Elizabeth I.

George Eliot is reported to have been a very bad person. He earned his living as a con artist (someone who gains the trust of another and then tricks them out of their money). He was well known as a rapist and suspected of being a murderer. Eliot became a spy for Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester. This was to avoid a charge from the last crime he committed. Eliot agreed to seek out Catholics who were not conforming to the rules of the state because the Church of England was the official state religion. He would then hand them over to the authorities for punishment.

At Lyford Grange in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire), he tracked down the Jesuit priest, Edmund Campion. Eliot called for a magistrate from Abingdon. He arrested Campion and had him sent to London for trial and execution.

Jorge Glas

Jorge David Glas Espinel (born 13 September 1969) is an Ecuadorean politician and electrical engineer. He has been Vice President of Ecuador from 24 May 2013 until his resignation on 13 December 2017. 

Jorge Glas was born 13 September 1969 in Guayaquil. He has known and been friends with president Rafael Correa since their time as boy scouts.

He holds a degree in electrical engineering from the ESPOL which he obtained on 22 September 2008. On 3 January 2013 Jorge Glas was reported to the police for plagiarism of his thesis. He was reported by Galo Lara, a member of the rival Patriotic Society Party. The thesis was reviewed by Genove Gneco, a professor from the Dominican Republic, who investigated the thesis and found 35% of it to be suspected plagiarism. An investigation by a commission set up by ESPOL found Glas not guilty of plagiarism. Glas however recognized that he should have cited his sources better.

Since 2007 Glas has held several political appointments in the government of Rafael Correa. He was General Manager of the now shut down Solidarity Fund between 2007 and 2009. He was also the President of the National Telecomunications Council.

Afterwards Glas was Minister of Telecommunications. He directed the joining together of Andinatel S.A. and Pacifitel S.A. into a single company, the National Corporation of Telecommunications, a corporation that he became the first chairperson of.

As Coordinating Minister of Strategic Sectors he was responsible for the building of several hydroelectric power plants the he had to borrowed money from Chinese banks to build.

Glas started his time as Vice President on 24 May 2013.

On 4 August 2017, Glas was suspended of his duties as Vice President due to corruption. He resigned from the office on 13 December 2017. He was replaced by Urban Minister María Vicuña.

Wrexham Glyndŵr University

Wrexham Glyndŵr University is a university in Wales. It is named after a Welsh national hero, Owain Glyndŵr. The university opened in 2008. Before becoming a university, it had been the Wrexham School of Arts and Science which opened in 1887. It has over 9000 students, and as well as the Wrexham campus it also has campuses at St. Asaph, Northop, and London.

Battle of Bryn Glas

The Battle of Bryn Glas was fought on 22 June 1402. This was the major battle of the Welsh Revolt (1400-1415). The rebel forces of Wales, led by Owain Glyndŵr defeated the English army led by Sir Edmund Mortimer. The exact location of the battle is not known, but research shows that it was probably on Bryn Glas hill, to the east, west and south of the church of St. Mary. The English attacked the Welsh forces who were on the top of the hill. During the battle, Mortimer was captured by the Welsh. The bodies of the dead English, were left on the battlefield; later the bones were collected and buried in the churchyard.

Thermostat

A thermostat is a sensor that keeps a heating system near to a desired temperature or setpoint. It is a control system.

The thermostat works by switching heating or cooling devices on or off. This is what happens in a central heating system or an air conditioner. In some systems, it works by switching a 'heat transfer fluid' off or on as needed to keep the set temperature. The name is derived from the Greek words "thermos" "hot" and "statos" "a standing".

The simplest kind of thermostat is a bimetal strip which bends as the temperature rises, and at a set point breaks the circuit of an electrical current. Kitchen toasters use this kind of thermostat.

Because they control a system, thermostats are examples of feedback devices that maintain a steady local environment against temperature changes outside the outside world. In cybernetics, the thermostat is an example of a machine that uses feedback to maintain the stability of a heating system.

Thermostats can be either line voltage or low voltage thermostats. Line voltage thermostats have regular 120 volt and 220~240 volt power going to them and low voltage thermostats have 24 volts powering them from a transformer.

With the advancement of technology, wireless thermostats based on WiFi or Zigbee protocols are also emerging and moving towards intelligence.

Sæhrímnir

In Norse mythology, Sæhrímnir is the name of the pig killed and cooked every night at Valhalla. He is the never-ending food source for the einherjar (warriors who died in battle and were brought to Valhalla). According to Snorri Sturluson, in the Gylfaginning, Sæhrímnir is cooked every day but he is whole again by evening.

Naval warfare

Naval warfare is combat in and on the seas, oceans, or any other major bodies of water. It is usually a part of a nation's overall war effort. Men have fought battles on the sea for over 3,000 years. Traditionally naval warfare has been fleet against another fleet. Modern naval warfare has changed to include Amphibious landings, transportation of men and equipment over water and naval support of land operations. Submarines, aircraft carriers, and specialized warfare have all changed naval warfare.

Hampton Roads

Hampton Roads is the name of both a body of water and a metropolitan area in Southeastern Virginia, United States. It is made up of Virginia Beach-Norfolk-Newport News, VA metropolitan area. Hampton Roads is known for its military bases, its ice-free harbor, shipyards, and coal piers. It also has miles of waterfront property and beaches.

The body of water known as Hampton Roads is one of the world's largest natural harbors. In fact it is a roadstead or "roads" (a body of water outside a harbor where ships can wait). It is formed by the mouths of several rivers. The water of Hampton Roads empties into the Chesapeake Bay

Martin Mystery

Martin Mystery is a French/Canadian animated television series. It is produced by the French company Marathon Media and the Canadian animation studio Image Entertainment Corporation. The series is based on an Italian comic strip. The series ran from 2003-2006. The series has 66 episodes and 3 seasons. The show is on Canal J in France and on YTV in Canada.

Martin Mystery and his stepsister Diana work at The Center, an organization that protects Earth from aliens.

Fairview Acres, Louisiana

Fairview Acres is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Reginald Grey, 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn

Reginald Grey, 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn (c. 1362 – 30 September 1440), was a powerful Welsh marcher lord. He became Baron after his father's death in July 1388. His main military actions were against the Welsh, during the rebellion of Owain Glyndŵr. 

Reginald de Grey was responsible for giving out royal demands in the Northern March. This included calling the local nobility and gentry and their men to Royal and military service. He was had been in a long-running legal argument with Glyndŵr, claiming part of Glyndwr's land as his own. Under King Richard II the case had been found in favour of Glyndŵr. When Henry IV became king, Grey took over the land. 

Glyndŵr tried to take legal action in 1400, but the court told him to give the land to Grey. Grey also did not tell Glyndŵr that his men were needed service in Scotland until the last moment. This made it impossible for Glyndŵr to send the men or even send an explanation for not sending them. Refusing or failing to follow an order of the King was treason. Glyndŵr's lands were would be taken until he could prove he was loyal to the king or receive punishment. On 16 September Glyndŵr and his brothers burned Grey's property. For three days his Welsh forces attacked the countryside of Flintshire and Denbighshire. On 24 September, Glyndwr's forces were defeated at Welshpool.

De Grey asked Glyndŵr to a meeting, but arrived with a large force, and attempted to capture Glyndŵr. Glyndŵr escaped and went into hiding, becoming a traitor in English eyes. King Henry took the land of Glyndŵr's friends, and gave them to John Beaufort, his half-brother. The rebellion spread across Wales by 1402. Lord Grey was taken prisoner by Glyndŵr's forces in an ambush near Ruthin in January. 

A ransom of 10,000 marks was asked for him. Lord Grey was made to promise not to fight against Glyndŵr again. King Henry IV sent 11 knights to meet with Glyndŵr. They paid the money to release Grey. Lord Grey and his family would have been expected to repay the money. 

The Grey family sold the Ruthin Lordship to King Henry VII in 1508 when the family needed money. 

Grey was a member of the Council which governed England during the absence of Henry V in France in 1415. He later fought against the French in the Hundred Years' War in 1420 and 1421. He also served as Governor of Ireland.

ORCID

An ORCID is a code to identify someone who writes academic articles. ORCID stands for Open Researcher and Contributor ID. Each person can have their own ORCID. ORCIDs make it easy to know which articles someone has written, even if they change their name. They also helps tell who has written which articles, if there is more than one writer with the same name. ORCID was started on 16 October 2012.

ORCIDs usually have four groups of four numbers. An example of a person with an ORCID is John Wilbanks. His ORCID is <nowiki>https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4510-0385</nowiki>. That is also the web address of the page about him, on the ORCID website. His ORCID can also be written as "ORCID: 0000-0002-4510-0385". Sometimes an ORCID has an "X" instead of a number at the end. An example of this is Nick Jennings's ORCID. His is <nowiki>https://orcid.org/0000-0003-0166-248X</nowiki>. The final number (or "X") is a check digit.


1900 Galveston Hurricane

This hurricane killed between 6,000 and 12,000 people.
The Galveston Hurricane of 1900 hit the city of Galveston, Texas on September 8, 1900. This hurricane was very large, and it is the deadliest hurricane in the history of the United States. It killed between 8,000 and 12,000 people. It was a "Category 4 hurricane" on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.

The U.S. National Weather Service was very simple in 1900. They did not have good information on what the storm was doing. As a result, they could not give people advance warnings. Galveston was located on a sandbar island off the coast of Texas. It was only about nine feet above sea level. The population was about 38,000. On the morning of September 8, 1900, nobody knew that 8,000 of that number would be gone by the next day.

The Galveston hurricane began developing about August 30, 1900 in the middle Atlantic Ocean. It was still a tropical storm when it moved to Cuba on September 4. It hit Key West on September 6. At that point it became a full hurricane. It was a Category 4 hurricane when it got near the Texas coast. In the early afternoon of September 8 it hit with little warning. By the next morning it was gone and so was much of Galveston. After that, it moved back east as a tropical storm over the U.S. The damage was over $30,000,000. Galveston began rebuilding almost right away. A new seawall was built and many buildings were raised several feet. But it could not recover completely. The storm convinced most in the shipping industry to move to Houston with its safer harbor. Galveston would never again be the busiest shipping port in Texas.


Tyler Arnason

Tyler L. Arnason (born March 16, 1979) is an American retired professional ice hockey center. He played a career total of 487 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Ottawa Senators, and Colorado Avalanche.

He was born in Oklahoma City and raised in Winnipeg. He is the son of Chuck Arnason.

Before playing in the NHL, Arnason played college hockey at St. Cloud State University for 118 games. Arnason was drafted with the 183rd overall pick by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.

On January 21, 2003, he was involved in an off-ice incident. While Arnason, Phil Housley and Theoren Fleury were leaving the Pure Platinum strip club in Columbus, Ohio, Arnason and Housley had to step in to prevent Fleury from being beat up by the bouncers after Fleury punched the strip club manager in the face.

On March 9, 2006, he was traded to the Ottawa Senators for Brandon Bochenski and a second-round pick. He played 19 games with the Senators and became an unrestricted free agent. On July 1, 2006, he signed a one-year deal with the Colorado Avalanche. He played 2 seasons with them and signed a one-year two-way contract with the New York Rangers for the 2009–10 season on July 3, 2009 but he never played for them. Arnason retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2012.

The Apartment

The Apartment is a 1960 American romance movie directed by Billy Wilder, and starring Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine. It is about climbing the corporate ladder and seduction. It won five Academy Awards including Best Picture. Due to adult themes and infidelity, the movie was controversial in its time.

Going My Way

Going My Way is a 1944 musical comedy-drama movie. The movie is about a priest from East St. Louis, Illinois who changes parish life at a New York City church. Bing Crosby plays Father Charles.

The movie won seven Academy Awards, including the Best Picture.

At the 17th Academy Awards, "Going My Way" was nominated for 10 Academy Awards. They included two for Barry Fitzgerald. His work on the movie was nominated for both Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor. Later, the rules were changed so that that could not happen again. It won seven, including Best Picture.
In 2004, "Going My Way" was chosen for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

Gigi

Gigi is a 1958 musical romantic comedy movie. Leslie Caron plays Gigi. It also stars Maurice Chevalier, Louis Jourdan and Eva Gabor. The movie is about relationships in Paris in the early 20th century.

The movie was directed by Vincente Minnelli. The screenplay by Alan Jay Lerner was based on the 1944 novella of the same name by the Parisian author Colette. The film features songs with words by Lerner and music by Frederick Loewe, arranged and conducted by André Previn.

This movie won nine Academy Awards including Best Picture, Best Director and Best Costume Design. Critics gave the movie very positive reviews.

Rebecca (1940 movie)

Rebecca is a 1940 American psychological melodramatic thriller movie. This movie was directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Joan Fontaine plays a very young and naive woman. She marries a recently widowed man and moves to his large house in Cornwall. Laurence Olivier played Maxim de Winter, a rich man whose first wife, Rebecca, died recently. This movie is about obsession and cold treatment in relationships.

In 1941, "Rebecca" won two Academy Awards including Best Picture.

 

The Life of Emile Zola

The Life of Emile Zola is a 1937 American biographical movie. This is about Émile Zola and his rise to fame in 19th century. The movie starred Paul Muni as Émile Zola. It was directed William Dieterle.

At the 10th Annual Academy Awards, the movie was the second biographical movie to win the Best Picture Academy Award.

All About Eve

All about Eve is a 1950 American drama movie. The movie was directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz. It stars Bette Davis, Anne Baxter, George Sanders and Celeste Holm. Marilyn Monroe, Hugh Marlowe, Thelma Ritter and Barbara Bates are also in the movie. It is about the young woman Eve Harrington becoming a star and replacing the current star Margot Channing. The film was a critical success. "All about Eve" was nominated for 14 Academy Awards. It won six, including Best Director and Best Picture. It is often considered one of the best films of all time.
Margo Channing (Bette Davis) is a Broadway star. She is getting older. Lloyd Richards is the playwright and husband of Karen Richards (Celesta Holm). A young woman Eve Harrington (Anne Baxter) tricks and manipulates Margo and Karen. Eve makes up a sad story, and Margo hires Eve as her assistant. Eve is secretly able to become Margo's understudy. Margo gets very upset. Karen feels sorry for Eve. Karen has Margo miss a performance so Eve can perform. The critic Addison DeWitt (George Sanders) interviews Eve and writes a bad review about Margo. At a restaurant, Eve threatens Karen to get the main role of Carlo. Usually, Margo plays this role. At the table, Margo says she does not want the part of Carlo. Eve gets the part. She tells Addison her plan to marry Lloyd. Addison knows about Eve's lies. He tells her how her story was fake. Her real name is Gertrude Slescynski. Addison says she belongs to him and blackmails Eve. At a ceremony, Eve gets the largest award. She thanks Margo, Bill, Lloyd, and Karen. Afterward, Eve meets Phoebe in her hotel. Phoebe imitates and adores Eve just like Eve did.   


Grand Ecore, Louisiana

Grand Ecore is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Powhatan, Louisiana

Powhatan is a village in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the least populous municipality in Natchitoches Parish.

Karlheinz Böhm

Karlheinz Böhm (16 March 1928 – 29 May 2014), sometimes known as Carl Boehm or Karl Boehm, was an Austrian-German actor and philanthropist.

Boehm was born in Darmstadt, Germany to Austrian composer Karl Boehm and German soprano Thea Linhard.

His career has spanned for nearly 50 years. He appeared in 45 foreign movies and over 30 blockbusters. He is best known for his role as Mark in "Peeping Tom".

Boehm had seven children, including actress Katharina Boehm.

Böhm died from Alzheimer's disease at his home in Grödig, Austria, aged 86.

Hienadz Buraukin

Hienadz Buraukin (, August 28, 1936 – May 30, 2014) was a Belarusian poet, journalist and diplomat. He served as an Ambassador to the United Nations for Belarus. 

Buraukin died from cancer on May 30, 2014 in Minsk at the age of 77.

Klement Gottwald

Klement Gottwald (23 November 1896 – 14 March 1953) was a Communist Czechoslovak politician.<br>

John Guillermin

John Guillermin (11 November 1925 – 27 September 2015) was a movie director. He was born in London and attended the University of Cambridge.

He was known for his movies "I Was Monty's Double" (1958), "Tarzan's Greatest Adventure" (1959), "Never Let Go" (1960), "Tarzan Goes to India" (1962), "Waltz of the Toreadors" (1962), "The Blue Max" (1966), "The Bridge at Remagen" (1969), "The Towering Inferno" (1974), "King Kong" (1976), "Death on the Nile" (1978), "Sheena" (1984) and "King Kong Lives" (1986).


Timer

A timer is a kind of clock for measuring time intervals. A timer which counts upwards from zero for measuring time is often called a "stopwatch". A device which counts down from a specified time interval is more usually called a "timer". A simple example is an hourglass. Some timers sound an audible alarm that the time is up. Time switches, timing mechanisms which activate a switch, are sometimes called "timers".

Freedom Writers

Freedom Writers is a 2007 American drama movie based on actual events. It stars Hilary Swank, Scott Glenn, Patrick Dempsey, and Pat Carroll. It was released in January 5, 2007.

Walden

Walden is a book written by the author, Henry David Thoreau. This book is a satire. This book is also a book on the author's life and experiences.


Helma Sanders-Brahms

Helma Sanders-Brahms (20 November 1940 – 27 May 2014) was a German movie director, screenwriter, producer and actress. She was known for directing "Germany, Pale Mother". 

Sanders-Brahms was born in Emden. She died in Berlin on May 27, 2014 after a long illness, aged 73.

Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana

Natchitoches Parish () is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 37,515. The parish seat and most populous municipality is Natchitoches. The parish was formed in 1805. It was named after the Natchitoches Native Americans.

Chi-squared test

Chi-squared test (or formula_1 test) is a statistical hypothesis test. It usually tests the hypothesis that "the experimental data does not differ from untreated data". That is a null hypothesis. The distribution of the test statistic is a chi-squared distribution when the null hypothesis is true.

The test results are regarded as 'significant' if there is only one chance in 20 that the result could be got by chance.
There are three main groups of tests:

Independence (statistics)

Probability theory talks about events which occur with a given (possibly unknown) probability. Sometimes, when it talks about several events occurring, it assumes that if one event occurs, this does not change the probability of the other events occurring. 

More specifically, two events formula_1 and formula_2 are called independent (written as formula_3), if the probability of formula_1 occurring is the same whether formula_2 is assumed to have occurred or not. Alternatively, formula_1 and formula_2 are independent precisely when the probability of them occurring together is equal to the product of their individual probabilities.

Abraham de Moivre wrote: "Two events are independent, when they have no connexion one with the other, and that the happening of one neither forwards nor obstructs the happening of the other."


Abraham de Moivre

Abraham de Moivre was a French mathematician. He is known for his works on probability theory. He also did a lot of research in trigonometry.De Moivre's formula connects complex numbers and trigonometry. As he was a Huguenot, he was forced to emigrate to England. He was a friend of Isaac Newton, Edmund Halley, and James Stirling. Among his fellow Huguenot exiles in England, he was a colleague of the editor and translator Pierre des Maizeaux.

De Moivre wrote a book on probability theory, "The Doctrine of Chances", said to have been prized by gamblers. De Moivre first discovered Binet's formula, the closed-form expression for Fibonacci numbers linking the "n"th power of the golden ratio "φ" to the "n"th Fibonacci number.

Payback (2014)

Payback (2014) is a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by WWE. It was held on May 4, 2014 at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois. It was the second Payback event held by the WWE.

Nancy Malone

Nancy Malone (born Nancy Josefa Maloney; March 19, 1935 – May 8, 2014) was an American television actor, director and producer. From the 1950s to 1970s, she was an actress and from the 1980s to the 1990s, she was a director and producer. She was best known for her roles on television series such as "Naked City", "Guiding Light", "The Long, Hot Summer", "The Outer Limits", "The Twilight Zone", and "The Andy Griffith Show".

Malone went on to become a well-known television director, winning an Emmy Award for her work on "Dynasty". She also worked on shows such as "", "Melrose Place", "Beverly Hills, 90210", and "Knots Landing". She retired in 2003.

Malone was born Nancy Josefa Maloney in Queens Village, Queens, New York City.

Malone died from pneumonia and problems from leukemia in Durante, California. She was 79.

Marco Reus

Marco Reus (born 31 May 1989) is a German association football player who plays for 
Borussia Dortmund and the Germany national football team. Reus is known for his speed and his ability to adapt easily to a new position. He was included in Germany's 2014 FIFA World Cup squad, however he was injured in a game before the World Cup, so he could not play.

He became the first Germany player to score a for his country at Russia 2018 after the footballing nation's poor start to the tournament.

Viverravidae

The Viverravidae are an extinct family of early mammalian carnivores. They are in the superfamily Miacoidea, and lived from the early Palaeocene to the Eocene. They first appeared in the Paleocene of North America about 60 million years ago.

Viverravidae is a monophyletic family. In viverravids, the number of molars is reduced to two and the skull is long. 

They are probably not related to any living carnivorans. The viverravids were previously thought to be the earliest carnivorans. A recent study of their skull morphology puts them outside the order Carnivora.

Assisted living

An assisted living residence is a popular housing alternative for people with disabilities or for adults (especially the elderly) who cannot live independently. These homes give help or supervision with daily living activities. They also allow services by outside health care providers. They check residents and resident activities to make sure health, safety and well being are maintained. Assistance may include the giving or supervision of medicine or personal care services. "The philosophy of assisted living is to treat all residents with dignity; to give privacy and to encourage independence." The gradual shift to assisted living began between 1979 and 1985 in the United States. A variation on assisted living for children and younger adults is the Group home.


Arc of the United States

The Arc of the United States is a network of non-profit organizations. It serves people with intellectual and developmental disabilities. It was created in the 1950s by parents of people with disabilities. Since then, the organization has extended to over 40 states.

The ARC was called the National Association of Retarded Children (1953-1973), National Association of Retarded Citizens (1973-1981) and later the Association of Retarded Citizens of the United States (1981-1992). Since 1992, it has been called just The Arc. 

Melody Gardot

Melody Gardot (born 2 February 1985) is a Grammy-nominated American musician. She has been influenced by other blues and jazz musicians, such as Judy Garland, Janis Joplin and Duke Ellington. She sings jazz music.

Gardot was born in New Jersey. She follows the teachings of Buddhism.


Kingston upon Thames

Kingston upon Thames, also called Kingston, is a suburban town in Greater London, and is the centre of the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames. Its postcodes are KT1 and KT2. About 45,000 people live in Kingston.

The A307, A308 and A2043 roads pass through Kingston. The A3 and A309 bypass Kingston.

Kingston has one main station, Kingston station. However, there are other stations nearby such as Hampton Wick station and Norbiton station.

Kingston has two bus stations: Fairfield Bus Station and Cromwell Road Bus Station. The London Bus routes 57, 65, 71, 85, 111, 131, 213, 216, 281, 285, 371, 406, 411, 418, 465, 481, K1, K2, K3, K4, K5, X26, N65 and N87 go through or end in Kingston.

Four cycling events were hosted in Kingston: the men's road race, the women's road race, the men's road time trial and the women's road time trial.

Kingston is twinned with Delft in the Netherlands, Jaffna in Sri Lanka and Oldenburg in Germany.

List of prime ministers of the United Kingdom

The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom is the leader of His Majesty's Government. They chair Cabinet meetings. It is the highest civil office in the United Kingdom.

The appointment of a prime minister by the monarch is based on advice. However, though the advice is "technically" informal, the monarch would create a constitutional crisis if they did not comply. Therefore, in practice, "what is decided in the House of Commons is the decisive event". The voters elect Members of Parliament (MPs), and the MPs choose the prime minister. The system grew in stages as the Commons grew in power and the monarch's authority dwindled. The current prime minister has been Rishi Sunak since 25 October 2022.

Seven Summits

The Seven Summits are the highest mountains on each of the seven continents. The list is usually Mount Everest (Asia), Aconcagua (South America), Puncak Jaya (Oceania), Mount Elbrus (Europe), Mount Vinson (Antarctica), Kilimanjaro (Africa), and Denali (North America).

Sometimes the list is different, but most of the mountains stay the same. It depends on the definition for each continent. For example, some lists use the continent of Australia, not Oceania. The highest mountain in Australia is Mount Kosciuszko not Puncak Jaya (which is in the country of Indonesia). Other lists change the border of Europe, so the highest mountain is Mont Blanc (in France) not Mount Elbrus (in Russia). 

Bardsey Island

Bardsey Island () is a small island off the coast of Wales. Bardsey is wide, long and in area. The north east rises steeply from the sea to a height of at "Mynydd Enlli." The western end is low and flat farmland. On the south, the island narrows to a peninsula with a lighthouse. It is the fourth-largest island in Wales.

Bardsey has several names, including the "Island of 20,000 saints". In Welsh the name means "The Island in the Currents". In English the name means the "Island of the Bards", or possibly the "Island of Barda", a Viking chieftain.

The island has been an important religious site. In AD 516, Saint Cadfan built a monastery on Bardsey. In medieval times many pilgrims visited the island, and by 1212 the monastery was part of the Augustinian Canons Regular. In 1537 Henry VIII closed the monastery and had the buildings pulled down, but pilgrims still visit the island.

Bardsey Island is famous for its wildlife and rugged scenery. A bird observatory was set up in 1953 as the island is on important migration routes. It is a nesting place for Manx shearwaters and choughs. It also has rare plants, and habitats undisturbed by modern farming practices. It is a good place to see grey seals, dolphins and porpoises.

The spirituality and sacredness of the island, its relative remoteness, and its legendary claim to be the burial site of King Arthur, have given it a special place in the cultural life of Wales. It has attracted artists, writers and musicians to its shores. It has inspired award winning literature.

The island is formed from rocks of the late Precambrian Gwna Group, part of the Monian Supergroup. The rocks are a mélange, often called Gwna Mélange, which have an unusual mix of clasts of all sizes up to 100m across. These are also very varied types, including both sedimentary and igneous rocks. Blocks of sheared granite in the melange can be seen in the northwestern coastal cliffs of the island. In other places there are clasts of quartzite, limestone, sandstone, mudstone, jasper and basalt. The deposit is an olistostrome, a very large underwater landslide possibly caused by an earthquake some time after 614 million years ago.

A dolerite dyke of Ordovician age can be seen in the melange at Trwyn y Gorlech in the north. There is an olivine dolerite dyke of Tertiary age at Cafn Enlli in the southeast. Further dykes can be seen in the cliffs at Ogof y Gaseg and at Ogof Hir.

A thin spread of glacial till stretches across the centre of the island. This was left behind by the Devensian Irish Sea Icesheet. There is a small patch of blown sand at Porth Solfach on the west coast and a landslip at Briw Cerrig at the foot of the cliffs on the east coast.

People lived on the island in Neolithic times, and traces of their hut circles remain. During the 5th century the island became a place of refuge for Christians and a small Celtic monastery existed. In 516 Saint Cadfan arrived from Brittany and directed the building of St Mary's Abbey. In medieval times three pilgrimages to Bardsey Island were said to be equal to one visit to Rome. In 1188 the abbey was still a Celtic institution, but by 1212 it belonged to the Augustinians. Many people still walk to Aberdaron and Uwchmynydd each year in the footsteps of the saints. Only ruins of the old abbey's 13th-century bell tower remain. A Celtic cross in the ruins commemorates the 20,000 saints claimed to be buried on the island.

Saint Deiniol, the bishop of Bangor, was buried on the island in 584. Saint Dyfrig was also buried on Bardsey Island, although in 1120 his remains were moved to Llandaff.

The "Dissolution of the Lesser Monasteries Act" of 1536, on the orders of Henry VIII, resulted in "St Mary's Abbey" being closed and its buildings pulled down in 1537. The choir stalls, two screens and the bells were moved to Llanengan, where the parish church was then being built.

For many years Bardsey Island formed part of the Newborough Estate. Between 1870 and 1875 the island's farms were rebuilt. A small limestone quarry was opened, and a lime kiln set up. "Carreg" and "Plas Bach" are separate buildings, but the remaining eight were built as semi-detached houses, each pair with outbuildings set around a shared yard. The buildings are Grade II listed. In 2008, Cadw gave £15,000 to help with some repairs. Only one of the original "croglofft" cottages, "Carreg Bach", is still standing. Given the choice of a harbour or a new church, in 1875 the islanders asked for a place of worship; a Methodist chapel was built.

The island had a population of 132 in 1881; by 1961 it had fallen to 17. The island's small school, opened in a former chapel in 1919, closed in 1953. By 2003 the population was down to 4.

"Bardsey Island Trust ()" bought the island in 1979. It was given money by the Church in Wales and many Welsh academics and public figures. The trust gets its money from membership subscriptions, grants and donations. It wants to protect the wildlife, buildings and archaeological sites of the island. It also promotes its artistic and cultural life, and wants people to visit as a place of natural beauty and pilgrimage. In 2000, the trust advertised for someone to run the sheep farm on the island. They had 1,100 applications. The farm is now run by the "Royal Society for the Protection of Birds"; and the land is managed to keep the natural habitat. Oats, turnips and swedes are grown; goats, ducks, geese and chickens kept; and there is a mixed flock of sheep and Welsh black cattle.

An old and twisted apple tree was found growing by the side of "Plas Bach." It is believed to be all that is left of an orchard planted by the monks who lived there a thousand years ago. In 1998, experts on British apples said this tree was the only example of the "Bardsey Apple ()". The tree has been propagated by grafting and is available commercially.

Bardsey Lighthouse stands on the south end of the island and guides vessels passing through St George's Channel and the Irish Sea. It is the only square lighthouse looked after by Trinity House.
Lt. Thomas Evans R.N., asked for a light on the island in 1816. In 1821 Trinity House built the lighthouse at a cost of £5,470 12s 6d with another £2,950 16s 7d for the lantern.
Joseph Nelson was the engineer and builder. He had served under Daniel Alexander, a Trinity House architect, whose influence can be seen on parts of the design including the heavy weathered string-course near the base and the blocked and hooded directional-light window. Joseph Nelson is linked to the design of at least 15 lighthouses, mostly in the Bristol Channel.

The Lighthouse is built of ashlar limestone and is not plastered. It is painted in red and white bands on the outside. The Lighthouse tower is 30 m (98 ft) high and is unusual because it is square, not round. Unlike many other lighthouses, it has kept its original gallery railings, which are of iron and bellied (i.e. curved out in width at their crowns) towards the top. The present lantern, fitted in 1856, did not need the original railings to be taken down.

The walls are 1.2 m (4 ft) thick at the base and 0.9 m (3 ft) at the top.
At first, the light had reflectors but changed to a dioptric (refracting) mechanism in 1838. The present lantern of 1856 is a 4.27 m (14 ft) wide chamfered octagon and the light is fixed, instead of revolving. The present revolving apparatus was put in place in 1873. It gives a group of five flashes, at first with an oil-lamp, but changed to electric in 1973.

The Lighthouse is unusual in lacking any sort of harbour. As it is on an established migratory route, the tower has many bird casualties. The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds, and Trinity House have tried to help the problem by providing perches on the lantern top and flood-lighting the tower, but this does not seem to have helped.

In 1987 the Lighthouse was changed to automatic operation, and is now checked by the Trinity House Depot at Harwich. A local person does regular maintenance.

"Y Storws", also known as "The Boathouse", was built a few years before the lighthouse, near the landing place at "Y Cafn".

The island was made a "National Nature Reserve" in 1986, and is part of "Glannau Aberdaron ac Ynys Enlli Special Protection Area ()". It is now a favourite bird-watching location, on the migration routes of thousands of birds. "Bardsey Bird and Field Observatory" (), founded in 1953, nets and rings 8,000 birds each year to study their migration patterns.
The island was made a Site of Special Scientific Interest because of its maritime life. This includes internationally rare lichens; bryophyte, plants, bird species; and intertidal communities. Nationally important flowering plants include sharp rush, rock sea lavender, small adder's tongue, western clover, and the rare purple loosestrife. Two nationally rare heathland lichens are found on the slopes of "Mynydd Enlli": the ciliate strap lichen and golden hair lichen; and there are over 350 lichen species in total. The leafcutter bee, which cuts neat, rounded circles in rose leaves, used to seal the entrance to its nest, is native.

Thousands of birds pass through each year on their way to their breeding or wintering grounds. Chiffchaffs, goldcrests and wheatears are usually the first to pass through, followed by sedge warblers and willow warblers, whitethroats and spotted flycatchers.
About 30 species of bird regularly nest on the island, including ravens, little owls, oystercatchers and the rare chough. Hundreds of sea birds, including razorbills, guillemots, fulmars and kittiwakes, spend the summer nesting on the island's eastern cliffs. There are no land predators such as rats or foxes on the island. On a dark moonless night an eerie cackling can be heard across the island as 7,000 pairs of Manx shearwaters, 3.5 per cent of the British population, come ashore to lay and incubate their eggs in abandoned rabbit warrens or newly dug burrows.

The island is one of the best places in Gwynedd to see grey seals. In mid summer over 200 can be seen, lying in the sun on the rocks or swimming in the sea. About 15 pups are born each autumn. Their sharp teeth and strong jaws are perfect for breaking the shells of lobsters and crabs which live in the waters. It is also possible to see bottlenose and Risso's dolphins, and porpoises. The currents around the island carry food-rich water. The Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society has been carrying out surveys since 1999 to find out which areas are important for feeding and nursing calves.

The seas around the island are rich in marine life. There are forests of strap seaweed; in the rock pools are sea anemones, crabs and small fish; and in deeper waters, the rocks are covered by sponges and sea squirts. The yellow star anemone, found offshore, is more common to the Mediterranean.

It was tradition for the island to elect the "King of Bardsey"" (Welsh:Brenin Enlli"). From 1826 he was crowned by Baron Newborough or his representative. The crown is now kept at Merseyside Maritime Museum in Liverpool, although calls have been made for it to return to Gwynedd. The first known King was John Williams. His son, John Williams II, the third of the recorded kings, was deposed in 1900, and asked to leave the island as he had become an alcoholic. At the start of World War I, the last king, Love Pritchard, offered himself and the men of Bardsey Island for military service. He was refused as he was considered too old at the age of 71. Pritchard was angry and declared the island a neutral power. In 1925 Pritchard left the island for the mainland, to seek an easier way of life, but died the following year.

Yorkshire born poet Christine Evans lives half the year on Bardsey Island, spending the winters at Uwchmynydd. She moved to Pwllheli as a teacher, and married into a Bardsey Island farming family. While on maternity leave in 1976, she started writing poems, and her first book was published seven years later. "Cometary Phrases" was "Welsh Book of the Year 1989" and she was the winner of the first "Roland Mathias Prize" in 2005.

Edgar Ewart Pritchard, an amateur movie-maker from Brownhills, produced ""The Island in the Current"", a colour movie of life on Bardsey Island, in 1953. A copy is held by the "National Screen and Sound Archive of Wales".

Opera singer Bryn Terfel, a patron of the Bardsey Island Trust, has performed in the island's chapel. Llio Rhydderch recorded "Enlli "in 2002, an album inspired by the spiritual feelings from a pilgrimage.

Dilys Cadwaladr, the former school teacher on the island, in 1953 became the first woman to win the "Crown" at the National Eisteddfod, for her long poem "Y Llen". Artist Brenda Chamberlain won the "Gold Medal for Art" at the Eisteddfod on two occasions: in 1951 for "Girl with Siamese Cat", and in 1953 with "The Christin Children". Some of the murals she painted can still be seen on the walls of "Carreg", where she lived from 1947 to 1962. Wildlife artist Kim Atkinson, whose work has been widely shown in Wales and England, lived on the island as a child, and came back to live there in the 1980s.

Since 1999," "Bardsey Island Trust has had an Artist in Residence who spends several weeks on the island producing work which is later shown on the mainland. A Welsh literary residence was created in 2002; singer-songwriter Fflur Dafydd spent six weeks working on a collection of poetry and prose. Her play "Hugo" was inspired by her stay, and she has produced two novels, "Atyniad ()", which won the prose medal at the 2006 Eisteddfod; and "Twenty Thousand Saints", winner of the "Oxfam Hay Prize", which tells how the women of the island, starved of men, turn to each other.

In 2009 Cowbois Rhos Botwnnog became the first electric rock group to play on the island, as part of S4C's "Bandit" series.

There is a ferry services to Bardsey Island from "Porth Meudwy" and Pwllheli.

At times, the wind and the fierce sea currents make sailing between the island and the mainland impossible. Sometimes boats are unable to reach or leave Bardsey Island for weeks. In 2000, 17 visitors had to stay for two weeks when strong winds prevented a boats from reaching the island.


Serifos

Serifos is an island in Greek mythology. It was used to shelter Perseus and his mother.

Amplituhedron

An amplituhedron is a geometric shape that makes it easier to calculate particle interactions in quantum field theories.

Currently, the limits of the "N" = 4 supersymmetric Yang–Mills theory, which is used to calculate the amplituhedron, cause it to be a toy theory. Therefore, the application of the amplituhedron is limited in the real world.

NHL 15

NHL 15 is an ice hockey video game. It was developed by EA Canada and published by EA Sports. The game was released on September 9, 2014 in North America and on September 12, 2014 in the PAL region. It was released for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, and Xbox One.

Like previous games, fans were allowed to vote for who would be on the cover of "NHL 15". The voting started on May 5, 2014 and will end on June 1, 2014. The final two players left in the contest are P. K. Subban of the Montreal Canadiens and Patrice Bergeron of the Boston Bruins.

New features for the game include:

The game received mixed reviews. 

IGN rated the game a 7 out of 10 and GameSpot gave the game a 5 out of 10. 

Among the fans of the series, the game was met with disdain. This was mainly because of many features that were missing for Xbox One and PlayStation 4 consoles. The IGN community rated the PS3 and Xbox 360 releases, 4/10 and 2.6/10 respectively. Operation Sports created a list of features and modes that were missing but were available in "NHL 14".


Ciro de Quadros

Ciro Carlos Araujo de Quadros (30 January 1940 – 28 May 2014) was a Brazilian physician. He was a leader in the field of public health mainly in the area of vaccines and preventable diseases such as polio and smallpox. He was born in Rio Pardo, Rio Grande do Sul.

Ciro de Quadros died from pancreatic cancer in 28 May 2014 in Washington, D.C., United States. He was 74.


Joan Lorring

Madeline Ellis (April 17, 1926 – May 30, 2014), better known by her stage name Joan Lorring, was an American actress. Her career lasted from 1944 until 1981. Her best known role was as Bessie Watty in the movie "The Corn Is Green" (1945), starring alongside Bette Davis. She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for the role.

Lorring was born Mary Magdalene Ellis in Hong Kong. She was raised there by her mother until 1939 following the Japanese invasion. They later settled in San Francisco, California. She used the name "Dellie" when she worked on radio.

Lorring was married to Martin Sonenberg, an endocrinologist from New York from 1956 until his death in June 2011. The couple had two daughters, Andrea and Santha.

Lorring died from natural causes on May 30, 2014 in Sleepy Hollow, New York, aged 88.


SSX (2000 video game)

SSX (short for Snowboard Supercross) is a snowboarding video game published by Electronic Arts Victor in Japan, EA Sports Big in North America and Electronic Arts in Europe. The game was developed by EA Canada. It is the first game in the "SSX series".

It was released on October 26, 2000 in Japan, on October 30, 2000 in North America, and on November 24, 2000 in Europe. Steve Rechtschaffner, the executive producer and creative leader of the game was the inventor of the Olympic snowboard event called Boardercross, which helped serve as an inspiration for the game.

IGN rated the game a 9.3 out of 10, saying "We'll say it for the last time -- this is the best launch game. If you get a PS2, buy this game." GameSpot gave the game a 9.4 out of 10 and stated "terrific snowboarding game that has all the right stuff. Every element comes together and makes for a game that is extremely fun and rewarding to play. 

Cornell Borchers

Gerlind Cornell Borchers (16 March 1925 – 12 May 2014) was a German-Lithuanian actress. She was active in the late 1940s and 1950s. She was known for starring along with Errol Flynn and Nat King Cole in the movie "Istanbul" (1957).

Borchers was born in Silute, Lithuania. She died in Bavaria, Germany from an illness, aged 89.

Brajanath Ratha

Brajanath Ratha (January 12, 1936 – May 31, 2014) was an Indian poet. He is known for writing his poems in Oriya, an Indian language. He won many awards during his 50-year career and was even declared as an honorary ambassador to South Korea by the Indian government.

Ratha died in Sunhat, Balasore, Odisha, aged 78.

Ted Cruz

Rafael Edward "Ted" Cruz, Jr. (born December 22, 1970) is the junior United States Senator from the state of Texas. He is the first person of Cuban, Hispanic, or Latino descent to hold the office. He ran for President as a Republican in 2016.

Cruz's parents are a Cuban father, Rafael Cruz, and an American mother, Eleanor Darragh. He was born in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. His parents, who worked in the oil business at the time, were in Calgary on business. He started using the name Ted when he was thirteen years old. Cruz graduated from Second Baptist High School as a valedictorian. He then went to Princeton University and Harvard Law School.

Cruz was the domestic policy advisor to U.S. President George W. Bush on the 2000 Bush-Cheney campaign. He helped defend them in the case "Bush v. Gore". He also recruited future Chief Justice John Roberts to Bush's legal team.

He served as Solicitor General of Texas from 2003 to May 2008, after being appointed by Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott. He was the first Hispanic, the youngest and the longest-serving solicitor general in Texas history. Cruz was also an adjunct professor of law at the University of Texas School of Law in Austin, from 2004 to 2009. While there, he taught U.S. Supreme Court litigation. Cruz is one of three Latinos in the Senate; the others—also Americans of Cuban ancestry—are fellow Republican Marco Rubio of Florida and Democrat Bob Menendez of New Jersey.

Cruz was the Republican nominee for the Senate seat vacated by fellow Republican Kay Bailey Hutchison. On July 31, 2012, he defeated Lieutenant Governor David Dewhurst in the Republican primary runoff, 57%–43%. Cruz defeated former state Representative Paul Sadler in the general election on November 6, 2012. He won to 56%–41% over Sadler. Cruz openly identifies with the Tea Party movement and has been endorsed by the Republican Liberty Caucus.

On November 14, 2012, Cruz was appointed vice-chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee. Cruz has been a leading opponent of Barack Obama's healthcare reform plan known as Obamacare. He has led efforts to repeal the law, including a filibuster in 2013.

On March 23, 2015, Cruz announced he would run for the Republican Party nomination in the 2016 U.S. Presidential election. He made his announcement at Liberty University.

On February 1, 2016, Cruz won the first primary state of Iowa, beating Donald Trump and Marco Rubio. This made him the first Hispanic person to win a caucus. Cruz then won Alaska, Texas, and Oklahoma on "Super Tuesday". He got the most votes in all of the 254 Texas counties except six. On April 27, 2016, Cruz named former GOP candidate and businesswoman Carly Fiorina as his running mate.

On May 3, 2016, after losing the Indiana primaries to Donald Trump, Cruz suspended his campaign.

He married Heidi Nelson on May 27, 2001. They have two daughters named Caroline and Catherine.

Cruz is a Southern Baptist.


Attenborough, Nottinghamshire

Attenborough is a village in Broxtowe, Nottinghamshire, England. Its postcode is NG9. It is a suburb of Nottingham.

Blackcomb Peak

Blackcomb Peak is a mountain near the east of Whistler, British Columbia, Canada. It is the boundary between the Whistler Blackcomb ski resort and the Garibaldi Provincial Park. The slopes were host to the sliding sports during the 2010 Winter Olympics. There is a memorial ice axe bolted to the rocks just below the summit to honour extreme skier Trevor Peterson.

Epping Forest

Epping Forest is a forest on the border of Greater London, and Essex. It is very long, but very narrow. It stretches over , but at no point it is more than wide. The earliest archeological finds date from the Mesolithic period. There is a Roman villa rustica in the forest. 

Bryn Celli Ddu

Bryn Celli Ddu is a prehistoric site on the Welsh island of Anglesey near Llanddaniel Fab. Its name means 'the mound in the dark grove'. It was robbed in 1699 and archaeologically dug between 1928 and 1929.

During the Neolithic period a stone circle and henge stood at the site. There were 14 stones in the circle, and the henge was about 30 m in diameter, with a ditch about 5 m across. The ditch was about 2 m deep. There was probably a path or causeway across the ditch to the henge. A small human bone from the ear, covered with a flat stone, was found in an area of burnt material in the centre. The amount of silt in the ditch showed that it had been used for a long time.

The stone circle was pulled down in the early Bronze Age. Five of the stones were removed, two were pushed over, and six were smashed, and one was buried.

A passage grave was built in the centre of the henge. The passage is about 8.5m long and 1 m wide. The burial chamber is about 2 m wide, made from six large upright stones, covered with two capstones. A stone, carved with a twisting, serpent like design was in the burial chamber. It has been moved to the National Museum of Wales and replaced with a copy standing outside. The earth barrow covering the grave was made in after the 1928 dig; the original was probably much bigger.

In 1906 Norman Lockyer said that Bryn Celli Ddu marked the summer solstice. This was made fun of at the time, but research by Christopher Knight and Robert Lomas in 1997- 98 showed it was true. They also say the site can be used as an agricultural calendar. Steve Burrow, curator of Neolithic archaeology at Amgueddfa Cymru (National Museum of Wales), has more recently supported the case for summer solstice alignment. This alignment links Bryn Celli Ddu to other sites, including Maes Howe and Newgrange, both of which point to the Winter solstice. It has also been suggested that a feature similar to the 'lightbox' at Newgrange may be matched at Bryn Celli Ddu (Pitts, 2006).

A row of five postholes which were thought to have been dug at the same time as the tomb, about 3000 BC, are now known to be much earlier. Early results from radiocarbon tests show that pine charcoal from two of the pits goes back to the Mesolithic (Pitts, 2006).

Two researchers, Rupert Soskin and Michael Bott recently suggested that the pillar standing within the chamber is in fact the petrified remains of a tree trunk. Study of the pillar shows that it looks like the bark of a tree, however what is unknown at the moment, is whether the pillar is indeed petrified wood or natural rock chosen by the tomb builders because of its unusual appearance.


Epping Forest (district)

Epping Forest district is a district of Essex, bordering Greater London. Much of the district is covered with the forest of the same name. The district was formed on 1 April 1974. Much of the district has a rural appearance. In the south, at the border of Greater London it is more suburban. The biggest town in the district, Loughton, lies in this area. Chipping Ongar is a small market town a bit more to the north. The administration is in Epping, which is roughly in the centre of the district. The rest of the district is dominated by villages.

About 130,000 people live in the borough. The M25 and M11 go through it.

Neville McNamara

Air Chief Marshal Sir Neville Patrick McNamara, (17 April 1923 – 7 May 2014) was an Australian war veteran. He was the senior commander of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). He served as the RAAF's highest-ranking position, Chief of the Air Staff (CAS), from 1979 until 1982. He was also Chief of the Defence Force Staff (CDFS), Australia's top military role at the time, from 1982 until 1984.

McNamara was born in Toogoolawah, Queensland.

McNamara died on 7 May 2014 in Jervis Bay, New South Wales, aged 91. His wife and two daughters outlived him.


Barbara Murray

Barbara Ann Murray (27 September 1929 – 20 May 2014) was an English actress. She was known in movies for appearing in "Passport to Pimlico" (1949), "Meet Mr. Lucifer" (1953) and "The Curse of King Tut's Tomb" (1980). On television, she was best known for her role as Lady Pamela Wilder in the 1960s drama series "The Plane Makers" (and the sequel, "The Power Game"). She was born in London.

Murray was married to actor John Justin from 1952 until they divorced in 1964. The couple had three daughters.

Murray died from a heart attack in Spain, aged 84. She had been in hospital for an operation to fix her broken hip.

Alan Sugar

Alan Michael Sugar (Baron Sugar; born 24 March 1947), also known as Lord Sugar, is a British businessman, television personality and member of the House of Lords. He has a fortune of around £1 billion.

Sugar founded electronics company Amstrad in 1968. He also founded Amsair (which owns a Cessna fleet), Amsprop (a property company) and Amscreen (an advertising company). He was the chairman of Tottenham Hotspur F.C. from 1991 until 2001. For his achievements in business, Sugar was made a member of the House of Lords and is a baron (lord).

He is currently the boss of the UK version of the reality show "The Apprentice". In the show, a group of young businesspeople compete for an investment from Lord Sugar of £250,000. Sugar also appeared as the host of the Australian version of the show in 2021 and 2022.

Sugar was born in Hackney, London and brought up in a council house there. He married in 1968. The couple live in Chigwell, Essex. They have two sons and a daughter.

Reg Gasnier

Reginald William "Reg" Gasnier (12 May 1939 – 11 May 2014), also nicknamed "Gaz", was an Australian rugby league footballer and coach. He played centre for the St. George Dragons from 1959 to 1967 and represented Australia. He was on the National Rugby League's list of 100 greatest players and the honorary Team of the Century.

Gasnier was born in Mortdale, Sydney, New South Wales. He was the uncle of rugby league player Mark Gasnier.

Gasnier died from an illness on 11 May 2014 in Miranda, Sydney. He was 74 and would have turned 75 the next day. His wife and children, Peter and Kellie, outlived him.


Mary Soames, Baroness Soames

Mary Soames, Baroness Soames (born Mary Spencer-Churchill; 15 September 1922 – 31 May 2014) was the youngest of the five children of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Winston Churchill and his wife Clementine. Until her death, she was their only surviving child.

Soames was born in Chartwell, Westerham, Kent. She was married to Christopher Soames, Baron Soames or The Lord Soames from 1947 until his death in 1987. The two had five children, Nicholas, Emma, Jeremy, Charlotte and Rupert.

Soames died after a short illness on 31 May 2014 in London, aged 91.


Westerham

Westerham is a town in Sevenoaks District in Kent, South East England. About 5,000 people live in Westerham. Its postcode is TN16.

Sevenoaks District

Sevenoaks is a borough in the far west of Kent, South East England. It was created on 1 April 1974. About 120,000 people live in the borough. Its headquarters are in Sevenoaks.

Joseph Fletcher

Joseph Francis Fletcher (April 10, 1905, Newark, New Jersey – October 28, 1991, Charlottesville, Virginia) was an American professor and bioethicist. He was a member of the American Eugenics Society and the Association for Voluntary Sterilization.

Jamie Allison

James E. Allison (born May 13, 1975) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. He played a career total of 372 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Calgary Flames, Chicago Blackhawks, Columbus Blue Jackets, Nashville Predators, and Florida Panthers.

Before playing in the NHL, Allison played 1 year with the Windsor Spitfires and 3 years with the Detroit Jr. Red Wings of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL).

Allison was drafted with the 44th overall pick by the Calgary Flames in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft. He played 64 games with the Flames, 142 games with the Chicago Blackhawks, 37 more games with the Flames, 55 games with the Columbus Blue Jackets, 67 games with Nashville Predators and 7 games with the Florida Panthers. Allison retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2007. Since retiring, Allison started The Hockey Force Hockey Camp which helps teach kids both hockey and life skills which helps them on and off the ice.


Todd White

Todd White (born May 21, 1975) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre. He played a career total of 653 games in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Philadelphia Flyers, Ottawa Senators, Minnesota Wild, Atlanta Thrashers, and New York Rangers.

Before playing in the NHL, White played 4 years of college hockey with Clarkson University. During his time playing college hockey, he was named as a Hobey Baker Award finalist.

He went undrafted but he signed a contract with the Chicago Blackhawks on August 6, 1997. He played 43 games with the Blackhawks before he was traded to the Philadelphia Flyers for a conditional draft pick. White spent most of his time with the Flyer's AHL affiliate team, Philadelphia Phantoms.

He only played 3 games with the Flyers before he signed as a free agent with the Ottawa Senators on July 12, 2000.

He had some success with the Senators and was able to reach the second round of the playoffs with the but they were eliminated by the Toronto Maple Leafs. The next year, he was able to make the playoffs but they were again eliminated by the Maple Leafs this time in the first round.

When the season ended, White was traded to the Minnesota Wild for a fourth round draft pick.

He played 2 seasons with the Wild and signed a four-year contract with the Atlanta Thrashers. He was traded to the New York Rangers for Donald Brashear and Patrick Rissmiller on August 2, 2010. He retired from playing professional ice hockey in 2011.

Sino-Indian border dispute

The Sino-Indian border dispute is about several territories that are claimed by both the People's Republic of China and the Republic of India. The farthest west, Aksai Chin, is part of another dispute involving Pakistan. It is controlled by China but is claimed by the Government of India. They consider it part of the region of Xinjiang. It is a place where very few people live. The other large disputed territory is to the east. It is south of the McMahon Line. It used to be called the North East Frontier Agency. It is now called South Tibet. The McMahon Line was part of the 1914 Simla Convention between British India and Tibet. China rejected the agreement.


In 1975 India annexed the territory of Sikkim. This was rejected by China. Today, the Sikkim-China border's most northern point, "The Finger", is still disputed.

Nancy Kelly

Nancy Kelly (March 25, 1921 – January 2, 1995) was an American actress. She was a leading movie lady in the 1930s. She made movies between 1926 and 1977. In "The Bad Seed", she played Christine. In "Show Business" (1944), she played Nancy Gae.

Kelly was born in Lowell, Massachusetts. She died from diabetes in Bel-Air, California at age seventy-three.

Patricia Highsmith

Patricia Highsmith (previously: Mary Patricia Plangman; 19 January 1921 – 4 February 1995) was an American novelist and short story writer. She was known for psychological thrillers. 

She wrote the novel "The Talented Mr. Ripley" in 1955. Her first book, "Strangers on a Train" was 1950. Some of her novels included homosexual themes or undertones.

The novelist was born in Fort Worth, Texas. She had sexual relationships with men and women. She died in Locano, Switzerland from aplastic anemia at age seventy-four.

Melvin Franklin

David Melvin English (later Melvin Franklin; October 12, 1942 – February 23, 1995) was an American bass singer. He was known for being in the Motown group The Temptations. 

In the late 1960s, Franklin developed rheumatoid arthritis. He used cortisone to treat it. The cortisone made his immune system not work well. He also developed diabetes.

Franklin was born in Montgomery, Alabama. He moved to Detroit. He died because of several seizures at age fifty-two.

Ed Flanders

Edward Paul "Ed" Flanders (December 29, 1934 – February 22, 1995) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Dr. Donald Westphall in the television series "St. Elsewhere". He also played Richard in the movie "The Ninth Configuration".

Flanders was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He died after shooting himself in Denny, California at age 60.

Linda Gary

Linda Gary (born Linda Gary Howerton Dewoskin; November 4, 1944 – October 5, 1995) was an American voice actress and voice over artist who did animated projects. She voiced the character of Jane on "Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle". In "Web Woman", she voiced the title character.

Gary was born in California. She died from brain cancer on October 5, 1995 in North Hollywood, Los Angeles.

Mary Wickes

Mary Wickes (originally Wickenhauser; June 3, 1910 – October 22, 1995) was an American actress. She first performed on Broadway in "The Farmer Takes a Wife". She also acted as Nurse Preen in "The Man Who Came to Dinner". 

Wickes was also a comedian.

Mary Wickes was born in St. Louis, Missouri. She died in Los Angeles as a result of surgical complications.

Alicia de Larrocha

Alicia de Larrocha i de la Calle (May 23, 1923 – September 25, 2009) is an Spanish pianist. She received many Grammy Awards. She performed for 76 years, following which she retired.

De Larrocha was born in Barcelona. She died at age 86 after declining health.


Arrondissements of the Tarn department

There are 2 arrondissements in the Tarn department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

The arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The arrondissements of the Tarn department are:

Since its creation, the Tarn department has had few changes:

Arrondissement of Albi

The arrondissement of Albi is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Tarn "département". Its capital, and of the department, is the city of Albi.

When the "arrondissements" were created in 1800, Albi was one of them in the Tarn department.

It is the northernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the largest in area of the department. It has 190,101 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Tarn-et-Garonne (Occitanie) department, to the west by the Aveyron (Occitanie) department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Castres and to the south by the Haute-Garonne (Occitanie) department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements". That is the case of the Le Haut Dadou and the Les Portes du Tarn cantons where some "communes" are in the "arrondissement" of Albi and others in the "arrondissement" of Castres. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Albi has 169 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Tarn (river)

The Tarn is a river in southern France, tributary of the Garonne river. The Tarn and Tarn-et-Garonne departments are named after this river.

The Tarn river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Moissac, near the confluence with the Garonne, in the Tarn-et-Garonne department for a period of 57 years.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Moissac
The source of the Tarn is on the Mont Lozère, in the Cévennes, southeastern Massif Central, in the "commune" of Le Pont-de-Montvert, Lozère department, at an altitude of about .

The Tarn flows to the southwest, in general, and passes through the following regions, departments and "communes":


The Tarn river flows through a total of 104 "communes".

Finally, it flows, as a right tributary into the Garonne near Moissac, in the Tarn-et-Garonne department, at of altitude.

The main tributaries, with a length greater than 25 km, of the Tarn are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Division of Leichhardt

The Division of Leichhardt is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1949. It is one of Australia's largest electorates, covering an area from Cairns to Cape York and the Torres Strait, including the Torres Strait Islands.

The division is named after Ludwig Leichhardt, an explorer and scientist.
Most of the electorate is almost uninhabited except for small Aboriginal communities. The southeast corner includes, the Wet Tropics, and includes urban Cairns. There are small, intensive sugar cane, banana and mango farms in this region. The main towns are Aurukun, Bamaga, Cairns, Cooktown, Hope Vale, Kowanyama, Kuranda, Lockhart River, Mossman, Pormpuraaw, Port Douglas, Thursday Island and Weipa.


Division of Lilley

The Division of Lilley is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1913. The division is named after Sir Charles Lilley, a former Premier of Queensland and Chief Justice in the Supreme Court of Queensland.

Lilley covers the north-eastern parts of Brisbane and includes Ascot, Banyo, Boondall, Brighton, Chermside, Deagon, Geebung, Gordon Park, Hamilton, Hendra, Kedron, Northgate, Nudgee, Nundah, Pinkenba, Sandgate, Shorncliffe, Taigum, Virginia, Wavell Heights, Wooloowin, and Zillmere, and parts of Albion, Aspley, and Lutwyche.

Wayne Swan was Deputy Prime Minister, Treasurer and Deputy Leader of the Australian Labor Party.


Cartoon Network Canada

Cartoon Network (formerly Teletoon from 1997-2023) is a Canadian English television channel. It is owned by Corus Entertainment. The channel shows mostly cartoons. Its live-action programs are usually movies. Most programs are for family. Teletoon at Night broadcasts from 9:00 p.m. to 12:00 a.m.

Teletoon usually shows animated series. There are original ones and imported ones. Its daytime shows are for children and younger teenagers. Nighttime shows are for older teenagers and adults.

Teletoon operates two feeds. One is for the Eastern Time Zone. The other is for the Pacific Time Zone. As of 2013, Teletoon and its French-language version were available in over 7.3 million Canadian homes. In 2013, Corus Entertainment bought Teletoon from Teletoon Canada Inc. for 37 million dollars.

Shanghai Jiao Tong University

Shanghai Jiao Tong University (Chinese: 上海交通大學 / 上海交通大学, Pinyin Shànghǎi Jiāotōng Dàxué) , sometimes called Shanghai Transport University is a public university in Shanghai, China. It was founded in 1896. It is a founding member of the C9 League, which groups a number of public universities in China. When it was founded in 1896, it was called Nanyang Public School (南洋公學; "Nányáng Gōngxué"). It has gone through a number of transformations, and has its current name since 1959. The university has over 40,000 students, and about 2,700 international students. 

Jiaotong translates as 'traffic', perhaps 'connection'. The word can be found in many university names, and is often unttanslated. Today, ther university is known for making the Academic Ranking of World Universities, which is also known as "Shanghai rating".

Division of Longman

The Division of Longman is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1994. The division is named after Irene Longman, the first female member of the Parliament of Queensland and the third woman elected to a parliament in Australia.

Longman covers much of the Moreton Bay Region. It includes Beachmere, Bribie Island, Burpengary, Dakabin, Donnybrook, Kallangur, Ningi, Toorbul, Caboolture, Morayfield, Wamuran Woodford and Narangba.


The Biggest Loser

The Biggest Loser is a reality television series. The original American version started airing on October 19, 2004. Many other countries have their own versions. 

It was originally hosted by Caroline Rhea from 2004 to 2006. In 2007 starting with the fourth season, Alison Sweeney took over as host. In 2015, Sweeney left as host and trainer Bob Harper took over as host for the 17th season that aired in 2016.

Bob Harper and Jillian Michaels were the original personal trainers of the show when the show got on the air. Since then trainers such as Cara Castruonova, Jessie Pavelka, Kim Lyons, Brett Hoebel and Anna Kournikova have also trained on the show. The current trainers are Dolvett Quince and Jennifer Widerstrom.

A spin-off called "Losing It with Jillian" aired in the summer of 2010.

It originally aired in standard definition, but started airing in high definition in the 10th season.

No new seasons have aired since 2016. While the show has not been formally cancelled, the show is being investigated as to whether contestants were given drugs.

"The Biggest Loser" also airs internationally in many other countries.


Datteln

Datteln is a town in the North Rhine-Westphalia state of Germany. As of 5 September 2011, 34,481 people lived there. Datteln is in the Recklinghausen Rural District. It is at the intersection of four canals: the Datteln-Hamm Canal, the Wesel-Datteln Canal, the Dortmund-Ems Canal and the Rhein-Herne Canal. This is the largest canal junction in the world.

Datteln has the very large, controversial E-on power plant, one of the world's most advanced hard coal-fired power plants.

Jay Lake

Joseph Edward "Joe" Lake, Jr. (June 6, 1964 – June 1, 2014) was an American science fiction and fantasy writer. He wrote "Trial of Flowers" (2006), "Mainspring" (2007), "Escapement" (2008), "Madness of Flowers" (2009) and "Pinion" (2010). He was a quarterly first place winner in the Writers of the Future contest in 2003. In 2004, he won the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer in Science Fiction.

Lake was born in Taiwan to foreign service officer Joseph Edward Lake (born 1941). He was raised in both Taiwan and Nigeria before settling in the United States.

Lake died of colorectal cancer on June 1, 2014 in Portland, Oregon. He was 49 years old.


1974 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1974 FIFA World Cup Final was the final match of the 1974 FIFA World Cup. The match was played with the teams West Germany and the Netherlands. The West Germans won the match 2–1, winning their second world cup title.
<section begin=Final /><section end=Final />
<section begin=Lineups />

</includeonly><section end=Lineups />
Match rules:


Pivot table

A pivot table is a data summary tool. It is found in programs such as spreadsheets or databases. A pivot-table can automatically sort, total or give the average of the data stored in a table. It displays the results in a second table (called a "pivot table"). The pivot table shows the summarized data. Most pivot tables do not automatically update when the spreadsheet or database it is based on changes.

Wheels of Terror

Wheels of Terror is a Paramount/Viacom television movie recorded in July 1989 and released in July 1990. Kimberly Duncan (born 9?/1?/1977) from Kids Incorporated played Kimberly "Kim" Donaldson

Kazuo Matsui

Kazuo Matsui (born 23 October 1975 in Osaka) is a Japanese baseball player. His nickname is Kaz. He was a second baseman and shortstop. He played for the Houston Astros. He also played for the Colorado Rockies and the New York Mets. In 2011, he began playing for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles.He played for the Seibu Lions from 1995 to 2003 and played for them again in 2018.

Marzipan

Marzipan is a confection often used in sweets and cakes. 

It is made of sugar or honey and crushed almonds ('almond meal'). Sometimes almond oil or extract is added. It is made into sweets, and rolled into thin sheets for putting round cakes. The sweets are marzipan-filled chocolate and small marzipan imitations of fruits and vegetables. Used as a covering for cakes, it is glazed. Glazing is a cooking technique which make it harder, and avoid unsightly damage.

Ed Davey

Sir Edward Jonathan "Ed" Davey (born 25 December 1965) is a British Liberal Democrat politician. He was born in Mansfield. He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Kingston from 1997. In 2012, he became the Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change. In 2015 he lost his seat in the election, the first cabinet minister to lose his seat since 1977.

Davey won his seat back in the 2017 general election. 

In 2019, he ran for the Liberal Democratic leadership post. He lost the leadership race to Jo Swinson. He later became Deputy Leader of the Liberal Democrats. 

After Swinson lost her seat in the 2019 election, he became acting Leader of the Liberal Democrats. In August 2020, he was elected Leader of the Liberal Democrats, beating Layla Moran in the contest.


Member of the European Parliament

A Member of the European Parliament is a person who has been elected to the European Parliament. They are often called MEPs.

2001 United Kingdom general election

The United Kingdom general election, 2001 was held on Thursday 7 June 2001 to elect 659 members to the British House of Commons. 

It was called "the quiet landslide" by the media, as the Labour Party was re-elected with another landslide result and only suffered a net loss of 5 seats, with lower turnout of 59.4%, compared to 71.3% in the previous election. Tony Blair went on to become the first Labour Prime Minister to serve a second full term in as Prime Minister.

White Dog

White Dog is a 1982 American drama movie. It is about a white dog that is trained to attack black people. Kristy McNichol plays Julie Sawyer, Paul Winfield plays Keys, and Burl Ives plays Carruthers.

The movie was very controversial for its racial themes. Paramount Pictures didn't release it for a long time because of concern for negative press. It was finally released uncut in the United States in December 2008.

The movie received very good reviews from critics.


Odunlade Adekola

Odunlade Adekola (born December 31, 1978) is a Nigerian yoruba Nollywood actor and Glo ambassador.

IOS 8

iOS 8 is the eighth major version of Apple's mobile operating system, iOS. It was announced at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 2, 2014. It contains several new features, such as an app named Health, and a framework called HealthKit.
Siri is able to be activated hands-free when it is plugged into power and can also tell users what song is playing using Shazam integration.

The Golden Master of iOS 8 was released to developers on September 9, 2014, and the final release of iOS 8 was released to the public on September 17, 2014.

The Photos app now has more options to edit the user's pictures. The cropping feature now allows the user to turn the image clockwise and counter-clockwise. The user can also set the brightness and colors you want for the user's pictures. The Camera app now has a shot timer that can be set for 3 or 10 seconds.

Users can send audio and video messages by holding down the record button.

The design of iOS 8 is the same as iOS 7 or iOS 7.1. There are some small changes such as added transparency and faster animation effects. The multitasking screen now shows a list of contacts that the user has talked with recently, as well as the user's favorite contacts.

iOS 8 also includes a new predictive typing feature called QuickType. It displays word selections above the keyboard as the user types. The feature can be turned off in Settings, or hidden using a swipe gesture. In addition, iOS 8 will allow users to install third-party keyboards.

In iOS 8, a user can add six other people as family members. Family members can share purchased apps, music, and books using the same credit card. iOS 8 can also set up photo streams for every family member. The calendar can also sync between all family members.

iCloud Drive allows users to save photos, videos, documents, music, and other data on iCloud. A user can start their work on one device and continue their work on another device. Users will get 5 GB of storage for free, but they can buy more storage.

HealthKit is a service that allows developers to make software that will be included in the new Health app. This app tracks user's steps, oxygen, sleep and other data. Users can also make an emergency card to help them in case of an emergency. HealthKit is only on iOS 8.4 or later/Higher.

Continuity allows users to share e-mails and websites over Wi-Fi. It also allows users to answer phone calls and respond to text messages on their Mac or iPad. This feature works on devices that have OS X Yosemite or iOS 8.

Spotlight now gives the user suggestions from Wikipedia entries, places nearby, trending news, and more. It’s even smart enough to recognize context and location to offer users the most relevant information.

In iOS 8, Apple integrated Wi-Fi calling. This service allows mobile phone calls over Wi-Fi. It is planned to be available for customers of T-Mobile in the US. Apple developers have removed many errors in IOS 8 Beta 5 like Wi-Fi sync but many other problems are still there

A study by Crittercism found that the rate at which applications crashed in their tests was 3.56% on iOS 8, higher than the 2% found on iOS 7.1.

Although the update is officially available for the iPhone 4S, it is recommended that users of the iPhone 4S do not upgrade, due to problems such as the battery draining quickly and the phone hanging up whenever a user makes a call.

On September 24, 2014, the iOS 8.0.1 release caused problems for iPhone 6 devices by turning off Touch ID and not allowing the phone to make calls. The update was released at 12:00 PM EST, and at around 2:00 PM EST, Apple removed the update due to these problems, as well as other small problems. A day later, Apple released iOS 8.0.2 which has all the fixes included with iOS 8.0.1 and also fixes the problems that iOS 8.0.1 brought.




Christine (1983 movie)

Christine is a 1983 supernatural horror mystery thriller movie. This movie is set in 1978. It is about an automobile named Christine, a Plymouth Fury from 1958, who has a mind of its own and is a killer.

This movie was released in North America on December 9, 1983.

The movie got very good reviews from critics.


Betrayal (movie)

Betrayal is a 1983 British autobiography movie. The movie is about a seven-year affair. Ben Kingsley plays Robert. Jeremy Irons plays Jerry.

The movie was shown in New York City before its release everywhere else.

Christine Charbonneau

Christine Charbonneau (18 October 1943 – 29 May 2014) was a Canadian singer and songwriter. She made her first appearance in 1973. She worked with Celine Dion during her thirty-year career. 

In 1975, Charbonneau recorded her first album "Censuré". 

Charbonneau was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. He died from cancer, aged 70.

Henning Carlsen

Henning Carlsen (4 June 1927 – 30 May 2014) was a Danish movie director, screenwriter, and producer. He is known for directing "Hunger" and "People Meet and Sweat Music Fills the Heart". He won two Bodil Awards. 

Carlsen died in Copenhagen, Denmark from natural causes, aged 86.

Marilyn Beck

Marilyn Beck (December 17, 1928 – May 31, 2014) was an American columnist. Her career began in 1961. She wrote many articles about celebrities such as gossip. She worked for People and US magazines. 

Beck was born in Chicago and moved to Los Angeles when she was a child.

Beck died from lung cancer in Oceanside, California, aged 85.

Gossip

Gossip is when someone spreads a rumor, mostly about personal or private affairs of others, which can be true or false. The name "gossip" mostly became known during the 16th Century. The word is from Old English "godsibb", from "god" and "sibb". 

Rumor

A rumor or rumour is often thought as myth or tall tale surrounding a person that might or might not be true. However, a review of the research on rumor made by Pendleton in 1998 found that research across sociology, psychology, and communication studies had made definitions of rumor. The word "rumor" became known during the 1920s and was used as propaganda.

Hoss Ellington

Hoss Ellington (May 12, 1935 – May 31, 2014) was an American NASCAR driver and team owner. He made 31 starts as a driver between 1968 and 1970 in the Grand National (now Sprint Cup). Of those races, he finished in the top 10 four times, all in 1969. He later became a team owner with success. He had five wins, four of them by Donnie Allison and the other one by David Pearson. He fielded cars for drivers such as Fred Lorenzen, Cale Yarborough, A. J. Foyt, Donnie Allison, David Pearson, Kyle Petty, and Dale Jarrett, as well as others.

Ellington was born in Raleigh, North Carolina.

Ellington died from liver cancer on May 31, 2014 in Wilmington, North Carolina, aged 79.


Alexander Shulgin

Alexander Theodore "Sasha" Shulgin (June 17, 1925 – June 2, 2014) was an American medicinal chemist, biochemist, pharmacologist, psychopharmacologist, and writer. He introduced MDMA (an ingredient of "ecstasy") to psychologists in the late 1970s for psychopharmaceutical use.

Shulgin was born in Berkeley, California. He was of Russian origin. His son, Theodore, died from cancer on May 15, 2011. Before he died, he was living on a farm in Lafayette, California.

Shulgin died of liver cancer in his home in Lafayette, California on June 2, 2014, aged 88. He was outlived by his wife, Ann Shulgin.


9th Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment

The 9th Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.

Shortly after the Battle of Fort Sumter, President Lincoln called for 75,000 volunteers. They were to serve for three months. The state of Illinois put out a call to form units. Six companies came from St. Clair County. Madison County sent three companies. Montgomery county sent one company. All nine companies met at Springfield, Illinois on April 23, 1861. There they were formed into the 9th Regiment, Illinois volunteer infantry. There were rumors that the Confederates intended to invade at Cairo, Illinois. In response, orders were issued for the 9th Infantry to occupy Cairo. They arrived and set up camp on May 1, 1861.

The first few months were spent on the Mississippi river guarding Cairo. Their three-month enlistments were up in July. Most of the men reenlisted for three years. In September the regiment moved to Paducah, Kentucky. There they did little more than drill practice. On February 15, 1862 they joined the fighting at the Battle of Fort Donelson. Their losses included 36 killed and 165 wounded, out of a total strength of 600. After the Confederates surrendered, they were transported by riverboats up the Tennessee River. They left the boats at Pittsburg Landing, Tennessee and camped nearby. On April 6, 1862 they woke up to the sound of cannons. While they were waiting to join the battle, new orders were given. They were ordered to exchange their gray coats for Union blue. This way they would not be mistaken for Confederate troops. They then joined the battle of Shiloh. They fought most of the day. At Shiloh the 9th Illinois had the highest casualties of any Illinois unit. They lost 366 of their comrades They also fought at the Second Battle of Corinth. The regiment was changed to the 9th Illinois Volunteer Mounted Infantry Regiment on March 15, 1863. On July 9, 1865 the 9th Illinois Infantry was mustered out (released from military service) at Louisville, Kentucky.

The regiment suffered 5 officers and 211 recruited men killed in action or mortally wounded. 1 officer and 200 enlisted men died of disease. In total there were 417 casualties (persons killed or wounded).

The 9th Illinois volunteers, along with the 8th, 11th, and 12th, all wore gray coats trimmed in blue. They also wore Zouave caps. In 1862, they changed to the same blue uniforms as other Union Army regiments. Most of the Illinois infantry regiments used Springfield Model 1861 muskets.



Lafayette, California

Lafayette is a city in Contra Costa County, California. It has a population of 25,391 residents as of 2020. The city is known for its hills and for its good schools.

Karlheinz Hackl

Karlheinz Hackl (16 May 1949 – 1 June 2014) was an Austrian actor, singer and theater director. His best known movie roles are "Sophie's Choice" (1982) and "The Wall" (2012).

Hackl was born in Vienna. In 1997, he married Austrian actress Maria Köstlinger.

Hackl died from a malignant brain tumor on 1 June 2014 in Vienna, aged 65.

Division of Maranoa

The Division of Maranoa is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1901 for the first federal election. It is named after the Maranoa River, which runs through the division. It covers the south west of Queensland, and includes the towns of Charleville, Cunnamulla, Queensland, Dalby, Roma, Kingaroy, Stanthorpe, Winton and Warwick.


Minden, Louisiana

Minden is the parish seat of Webster Parish in the state of Louisiana, United States.

AM

FM

Vidalia, Louisiana

Vidalia is the parish seat of Concordia Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the suburb of Natchez.

Winnsboro, Louisiana

Winnsboro is the parish seat of Franklin Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ruston, Louisiana

Ruston is the parish seat of Lincoln Parish, Louisiana, United States. Ruston is the principal city of the Ruston micropolitan area which includes all the Lincoln Parish.

Ruston is located at (32.529674, -92.640466) and has an elevation of .

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which, of it is land and of it (0.3%) is water.

Regional cities and their distance from Ruston, Louisiana include:

list of Media in the Ruston Micropolitan area and East Central Ark-la-tex:



2015 United Kingdom general election

The United Kingdom general election of 2015 elected the 56th Parliament of the United Kingdom. It was held on 7 May 2015. The three main political parties after the election are the Conservatives, the Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. The Conservative Party won enough seats to form a majority government.

Voting took place in all 650 parliamentary constituencies of the United Kingdom, each electing one Member of Parliament to the House of Commons, the lower house of Parliament. Local elections also took place in most of England on the same day, but not Greater London.


Also, the Speaker of the House of Commons John Bercow, who does not have a political party, was re-elected.

Some important Labour MPs lost their seats including the Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls and the leader of the Scottish Labour Party, Jim Murphy.

Many important Liberal Democrat MPs who had served in the coalition government also lost their seats, including business secretary Vince Cable, energy secretary Ed Davey and chief secretary to the treasury Danny Alexander.

The Conservative Party won 330 seats and managed to form a majority government. David Cameron continued as Prime Minister. Miliband, Clegg and Nigel Farage all resigned as leaders of their parties. Jim Murphy also resigned as leader of Scottish Labour. 

Believe (Justin Bieber album)

Believe is the third studio album by Canadian pop singer, Justin Bieber. "Believe" was released on June 15, 2012 through Island Records.

The album peaked at #1 on the "Billboard" 200 on both the weekly and year-end charts. As of December 2015, "Belive" has sold more than 1,610,000 copies in the US. It also peaked at #1 on the Argentine, Australian, Austrian, Canadian, Croatian, Danish, Greek, Irish, Italian, Mexican, New Zealand, Norwegian, Spanish, Swedish, and UK Album charts.

On December 14, 2012, Bieber appeared on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" and said that he was going to release an acoustic version of the album. He released it on January 29, 2013.

Clinometer

A clinometer is an instrument that measures vertical slopes, usually the angle between the ground or the observer and a tall object. The name "clinometer" comes from the Greek words "κλίνω" (klino), meaning to slope or lean, and "μέτρο" (metro), meaning "to measure".
All In One 

Svyatoslav Belza

Svyatoslav Igorevich Belza (Russian: Святосла́в И́горевич Бэ́лза, April 26, 1942 – June 3, 2014) was a Soviet/Russian literary and musical scholar, critic and essayist. In 1980, he became a television presenter. He presented television shows that involved classical music and ballet. He was made People's Artist of Russia.

Belza was born in Chelyabinsk, RSFSR. He died in Munich, Germany from an illness, aged 72.

Gopinath Munde

Gopinath Pandurang Munde (12 December 1949 – 3 June 2014) was an Indian politician. He served as Minister of Rural Development from 26 May 2014 until his death on 3 June 2014. He was appointed by Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi. Before serving as minister, he served as Member of Lok Sabha from 2009 until his death in 2014.

Munde died in a car crash in New Delhi, aged 64.

Azlan Shah of Perak

Sultan Azlan Muhibbuddin Shah ibni Almarhum Sultan Yussuff Izzuddin Shah Ghafarullahu-lah, GCB, KStJ (19 April 1928 – 28 May 2014) was the ninth Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia. He was the Yang di-Pertuan Agong from 26 April 1989 to 25 April 1994. 

Azlan died in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from an illness, aged 86.

Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles

Pacific Palisades is a neighborhood in Los Angeles, California. It has a population of 27,000 residents as of 2010. It is near Malibu, California.

Felipe VI of Spain

Felipe VI (, full name: Felipe Juan Pablo Alfonso de Todos los Santos de Borbón y Grecia; born 30 January 1968) is the King of Spain. He became king in 2014 following the abdication of King Juan Carlos. 

He is the third child and only son of King Juan Carlos I, and Queen Sofía. In 2004, Felipe married TV news journalist Letizia Ortiz, with whom he has two daughters, Leonor (his heir presumptive) and Sofía. 

In accordance with the Spanish Constitution, as monarch, he is head of state and commander-in-chief of the Spanish Armed Forces with the military rank of Captain General, and also plays the role of the supreme representation of Spain in international relations.

Felipe was born at ORPEA Madrid Loreto in Madrid. He is youngest child and only son of former King Juan Carlos I and Queen Sofía of Spain. He had two sisters Infanta Elena, Duchess of Lugo and Infanta Cristina of Spain. He was baptized at Palace of Zarzuela in Madrid. 

Felipe VI has studied at Centro Privado de Enseñanza Santa María de los Rosales. He accepted his high school education at Lakefield College School, and then studied Law and Economics at Autonomous University of Madrid. After that, he studied Foreign Service at Georgetown University. 

In 1977, he was given the title Prince of Asturias, the official title of the heir to the Spanish throne.

He received military training at General Military Academy and served in the military from 1986 to 2014. 

King Felipe VI married Queen Letizia of Spain at Almudena Cathedral at 2004. They have two children together, Leonor, Princess of Asturias and Infanta Sofia of Spain. 

On 2 June 2014, King Juan Carlos I announced that he would abdicate in favor of Felipe. Felipe became king on 19 June 2014 at 0:00 CET and was named Felipe VI.

As King of Spain, Felipe VI performs a mainly ceremonial role with some reserved constitutional powers. In 2015, the general election resulted in no party winning a majority. King Felipe then dissolved parliament and called for another election.

In 2017, the regional government of Catalonia held an independence referendum and declared independence from Spain. The Spanish authorities deemed the referendum illegal. King Felipe delivered a televised speech in which he condemned the referendum for acting outside of the law.

In 2022, King Felipe and his wife attended the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II and also attended the coronation of Charles III the following year.


Notes

Telangana

Telangana () is a state in southern India. It became the 29th state of India on 2nd June, 2014. Before that, it was part of Andhra Pradesh. It has a population of 39.12 million as per the 2017 census. Its capital is Hyderabad (Bagyanagar), being the largest city of Telangana. Hyderabad was built by Quli Qutub Shah 400 years back on the banks of river Musi, with the Charminar at its centre. The rivers flowing through the state are Krishna, Godavari, Bhima, Manjira, Musi and Paleru. Telangana is a land locked state with Maharashtra, Karnataka, Chhattisgarh, and Andhra Pradesh as its border states. K. Chandrashekar Rao is the first and current Chief Minister of the state from the Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS). According to the data released by the Comptroller and Auditor-General of India in 2018, Telegana stands first in the states with respect to the average growth rate of its own tax revenue. It has achieved an average growth rate of 13.8% during the last 4 years. It has 17 Lok Sabha seats and 119 assembly seat.

There were 10 districts in Telangana, viz. Adilabad, Hyderabad, Karimnagar, Khammam, Mahaboobnagar, Medak, Nalgonda, Nizamabad, Rangareddy and Warangal, which have been expanded into 32 districts, viz. Nirmal, Komarambheem, Jegityala, Kammareddy, Pedapali, Sidipet, Hanumakonda, Jayashenkar, Sangareddy, Yadadri, Suryapet, Shamshabad, Vanaparti and Nagarkarnool among others and the old ones.

Coal reserves in Telangana were first found at Singareni in Khammam. T-Hub started by Telangana's government is the first of its kind, promoting the startups in the state. The Government Of Telegana has launched several welfare schemes such as the Amma Vodi scheme (for poor and pregnant scheme), Single Women Pension scheme and KCR kit scheme for pregnant women and new born.

Telangana has its own slang of Telugu language,and is also known for its featured Telangana songs, namely "Janapadha Geethalu".As in the culture,the state of Telangana,celebrates festivals like Bonalu, Bathukamma. Sammakka -Saralamma Jathara is the second largest festival in India after the Kumbh And in Telangana many languages will speak like urdu,lambadi, chenchu etc..


Tallulah, Louisiana

Tallulah is the parish seat of Madison Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the most populous municipality in Madison Parish.

Leesville, Louisiana

Leesville is the parish seat of Vernon Parish, Louisiana, United States. It has a population of 5,649, as of 2020.

DeRidder, Louisiana

DeRidder is the parish seat of Beauregard Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the most populous municipality in Beauregard Parish.


Jonesboro, Louisiana

Jonesboro is the parish seat of Jackson Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the largest town in Jackson Parish.

Lake Providence, Louisiana

Lake Providence is a town in the U.S. state of Louisiana. It is the parish seat of East Carroll Parish.

Karl Harris

Karl Harris (21 October 1979 – 3 June 2014) was an English motorcycle racer. He won the British Supersport Championship in 2001. In 2010, he switched to the British Superstock Championship on a GR Motorsport Aprilia. He was born in Sheffield, South Yorkshire.

Harris was killed in a racing incident on 3 June 2014 on the Isle of Man. He was 34 and died during the Isle of Man TT. His wife, Jane, outlived him.

Simon Andrews (motorcycle racer)

Simon Andrews (14 August 1982 – 19 May 2014) was an English motorcycle racer. He competed in the British Superbike Championship for RAF Reserves aboard a Honda CBR1000RR. He was born in Worcester, Worcestershire.

Andrews was died from head injuries he got in a racing incident on 19 May 2014 in Portrush, Northern Ireland. He was 31 and was competing in the North West 200.

Abbeville, Louisiana

Abbeville is the parish seat of Vermilion Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Grambling State University

Grambling State University is a university in Grambling, Louisiana, United States. It is a historically black university.


Zalzala Koh

Zalzala Koh or Zalzala Jazeera, meaning "Earthquake Island", is a small island off the coast of the port city of Gwadar, Balochistan in south east of Pakistan. The island appeared on 24 September 2013, following an earthquake. It is believed to have been made by a mud volcano, where gas pushed up soil and mud from under the sea. The round island is about 15 m high and between 70 m and 90 m across. Gas is still escaping from cracks in the surface. Scientists believe that the island will not last for very long. Within months the level of the island had dropped by more than two metres, and it appears to be sinking backing into the sea.

Grambling, Louisiana

Grambling is a city in Lincoln Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the second most populous municipality in Lincoln Parish (after Ruston).

The Well of Loneliness

The Well of Loneliness is a 1928 transgender novel by Radclyffe Hall. It was published in London by Jonathan Cape. The book was banned for violating the Obscene Publications Act of 1857. It stopped being banned in 1949, but by that time Hall was dead. It has been translated into 14 languages.

The book is about an upper-class English lesbian called Stephen Gordon. They find love with Mary Llewellyn, whom they meet while serving as an ambulance driver in World War I. Their happiness together is spoilt by social isolation and rejection. The novel portrays "inversion" (homosexuality) and androgyny as a natural, God-given state and makes a plea: "Give us also the right to our existence".

Catharine A. MacKinnon

Catharine Alice MacKinnon (born October 7, 1946) is an American radical feminist legal scholar and lawyer. She is Elizabeth A. Long Professor of Law at the University of Michigan Law School. MacKinnon has been called a "victim feminist" by Naomi Wolf. MacKinnon graduated from Yale Law School in 1977.

As a legal scholar she opposes sexual harassment and pornography.

Sonny Bill Williams

Sonny Bill Williams is a New Zealand sportsman. He plays various sports. He has won numerous team and individual awards and titles.

Williams was born in Auckland. His father is from Samoa. His mother is a white New Zealander.




Karanvir Bohra

Karanvir Bohra (previously known as Manoj Bohra) is an Indian movie and television actor. He married Teejay Sidhu in 2006. Bohra appeared in Star Plus TV show "Kasautii Zindagii Kay" as Prem. He then played the role of Dev Kataria in the movie "Kismat Konnection".
In 2012, he did a Punjabi movie with his wife Teejay Sidhu named "Love Yoou Soniye". and played the lead role of Viraj Dobriyal, a psychologically disabled man who has mood swings, in the TV show "Dil Se Di Dua... Saubhagyavati Bhava?", in which his character was described by The Indian Express as "perhaps the most popular baddie on television". He participated in 2013 "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa" Season 6. In 2014, he did a horror movie named "Mumbai 125 KM" and "" with his wife Teejay Sidhu. He plays the role of Aahil Raza Ibrahim in "Qubool Hai".

Bohra was born on 28 August 1982 in Jodhpur to a Marwari family. He is the son of filmmaker Mahendra Bohra and grandson of actor-producer Ramkumar Bohra. Producer Sunil Bohra is his first cousin. He has a sister, Meenakshi. He attended G. D. Somani Memorial School, Cuffe Parade. He was student of Sydenham College, Churchgate. Bohra had received training in kathak for two years with Pandit Veeru Krishnan. Bohra married to model-VJ Teejay Sidhu at the Sri Sri Ravishankar Ashram, Bengaluru in 2006. In 2007, Bohra changed his name from Manoj to Karanvir. Earlier Bohra and his wife used to stay at Lokhandwala in Andheri, Mumbai, in 2014, he shifted to Goregaon, a locality in the Mumbai Suburban district. Bohra has been involved in cleanliness and meditation activities.


The Lost Sessions

The Lost Sessions is the ninth studio album by Garth Brooks. The album was released on November 25, 2005. It was first studio album released under the Pearl Record label.

Doc Neeson

Bernard Patrick "Doc" Neeson (4 January 1947 – 4 June 2014) was a Northern Irish-born Australian singer and musician. He was best known as the lead singer for the hard rock band The Angels. He performed also as a bass guitarist. Until his death, he had been musically active since 1971. He later formed the band Red Phoenix in May 2005.
Neeson was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland. When he was thirteen in 1960, his family moved to Adelaide, South Australia. He served in the Australian Army in Papua New Guinea for eighteen months in the late 1960s.

Neeson died from a brain tumour on 4 June 2014 in Sydney, New South Wales, aged 67. He had been diagnosed with cancer in January 2013.


James Alan Shelton

James Alan Shelton (November 3, 1960 – June 3, 2014) was an American Bluegrass guitarist. He was a solo musician and released 10 albums. However, he also performed with Ralph Stanley's Clinch Mountain Boys, with whom he won a Grammy Award with.

Shelton was born in Church Hill, Tennessee and raised near Gate City, Virginia.

Shelton died from cancer on June 3, 2014 at a hospital in Kingsport, aged 53.

Super Bowl XLII

Super Bowl XLII (or Super Bowl 42) was a Super Bowl game between the New York Giants and the New England Patriots in the National Football League (NFL) to decide who would be the NFL champion for the 2007 season. The Giants won against the Patriots 17–14. 

The game was played on February 3, 2008 at the University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona. The win gave the Giants their third Super Bowl title and their first since the 1990 NFL season at Super Bowl XXV. Eli Manning was named the Super Bowl MVP.

The Patriots entered Super Bowl XLII as the 12-point favorites because they completed the regular season undefeated with 16 wins and no losses. The Giants had ended the season with a record of 10–6 and were trying to become the first NFC wild card team to win a Super Bowl. Super Bowl XLII is regarded as one of the biggest upsets in sports history.

The game ended with a fourth-quarter drive by the Giants to win the game. The drive featured David Tyree making a leaping one-handed catch against his helmet for a 32-yard gain and Plaxico Burress scoring the winning touchdown on a 13-yard reception with 35 seconds in the game remaining.

The Giants have stopped the Patriots perfect season run as well as stopping them from going 19-0.

Dil Se Di Dua... Saubhagyavati Bhava?

Dil Se Di Dua... Saubhagyavati Bhava? was an Indian serial. It aired Monday to Friday evenings on Life OK from 18 December 2011 to 18 January 2013. Ajit Thakur said that the show was intended "to pass on a social message against domestic violence".

A physically abusive man makes his wife's life a hell.




Poni Adams

Betty Jane Bierce (August 7, 1918 – May 21, 2014), better known by her stage name Jane "Poni" Adams, was an American actress. Her career lasted from 1942 until 1953. Her best known role was as Nina in the movie "House of Dracula" (1945).

Adams was born in San Antonio, Texas. She received a full scholarship to Juilliard, which she later turned down to become model and later an actress.

Adams was married to Thomas Turnage from 1945 until his death in 2000. The couple had two children.

Adams died from natural causes on May 21, 2014 in Palm Desert, California, aged 95.

Vegavis

Vegavis is a genus of extinct bird that lived during the latest Upper Cretaceous of Antarctica, some 66 million years ago (mya). Among modern birds, It is most closely related to ducks and geese (Anatidae).
The discovery shows that some of the major groups of bird alive today had already diversified in the Cretaceous. It has been hailed as the first definite physical proof that birds from some of the modern groups lived in the Mesozoic.
The "Vegavis" fossil specimen is held by the Museo de La Plata, Argentina. The very delicate remains of one bird are embedded in rock. Tomography (CT) scans were used to get a clearer picture of the bone structure without damaging or destroying the fossil.

Malcolm Simmons

Malcolm "Simmo" Simmons (20 March 1946 – 25 May 2014) was an English speedway rider. He was a member of the Poole Pirates, based in Poole. He won the Speedway World Team Cup three times (1974, 1975, 1977) and the Speedway World Pairs Championship also three times (1976, 1977, 1978).

Simmons was born in Tonbridge, Kent. He was married to June.

Simmons died from emphysema on 25 May 2014 in Kent, aged 68.

Kuaima Riruako

Kuaima Isaac Riruako (born Issaskar Kakuremdiro; 24 April 1935 – 2 June 2014) was a Namibian politician. He served as a National Unity Democratic Organisation (NUDO) representative in Parliament. He was the President of NUDO and its presidential candidate in the 2004 presidential election. He placed fourth with 4.23% of the national vote. He was also the paramount chief of the Herero people from 1978.

Riruako was born in Aminuis in the Omaheke Region. Riruako died from hypertension on 2 June 2014 in Windhoek. He was 79. He had been in serious care for a month before his death.

Seawise Giant

Seawise Giant (known later as the Happy Giant, Jahre Viking, Knock Nevis, Oppama, and Mont) was a ULCC supertanker. It was the longest ship ever built and had the greatest deadweight tonnage that has ever been recorded. When it was heavily loaded, the ship had a displacement of 657,019 tonnes (646,642 long tons; 724,239 short tons) and had a draft of 24.6 m (81 ft). Due to it's size and lack of maneuverability, it was not able to move through the English Channel, Suez Canal or the Panama Canal.

The ship was built in 1979 by Sumitomo Heavy Industries at the Oppama shipyard in Yokosuka, Kanagawa, Japan. The ship was sunk during the Iran–Iraq War but was salvaged, restored and put back into service. The ship sailed its final journey in December 2009 after being sold to Indian ship breakers. It was then intentionally beached in Alang, Gujarat, India and was demolished.

Presbyornis

Presbyornis is an extinct genus of water bird. It was a wading bird, often walking in shallow water on its long legs.

"Presbyornis" was one of the first anseriforms. Because of its long legs and neck, it was initially mistaken for a flamingo. Later it was reclassified as an anseriform when the duck-like anatomy of its skull and bill was found. It is from an extinct group closely related to ducks and geese. Judging from numerous fossil findings, "Presbyornis" probably lived in colonies around shallow lakes. Its broad, flat bill was used to filter food (small plants and animals) from the water, in the manner of today's dabbling ducks.

The fossil record includes many complete skeletons from Green River Formation sites (early Eocene). This suggests that the birds nested in colonies, similar to many colony-nesting waterfowl or shorebirds today. Species of this bird have also been found in Maryland, Utah, England, and Mongolia.
Fossils are held in the Smithsonian Institution, the Natural History Museum, London, and the KUVP.

Anglo-Saxon England

Anglo-Saxon England is the history of England from the 5th to 11th centuries.

The Anglo-Saxons were people from Germanic tribes. They first came as migrants to southern Britain from central Europe. Anglo-Saxon history begins after the end of Roman control.

In the 5th and 6th centuries there were seven Anglo-Saxon kingdoms: Northumbria, Mercia, East Anglia, Essex, Kent, Sussex, and Wessex.

Anglo-Saxon Christianity arrived in the 7th century. Viking invasions and Danish settlers started in the 8th century. The gradual unification of England under Wessex hegemony occurred during the 9th and 10th centuries.

Anglo-Saxon England ended with the Norman conquest of England by William the Conqueror in 1066. 
Anglo-Saxon identity survived beyond the Norman Conquest, and slowly developed into the modern English people.

Michael John Smith

Michael John Smith (April 30, 1945 – January 28, 1986), was known as Mike Smith. He was an American astronaut. On 28 January 1986 he was the pilot of the Space Shuttle Challenger. He and his crew were killed when the "Challenger" exploded 73 seconds into its flight.

Daniel Carvajal

Daniel Carvajal Ramos (born 11 January 1992) is a Spanish footbaler. He plays as a right-back for Real Madrid C.F. and the Spain national team.

Real Madrid Castilla

Real Madrid
Spain U19

Spain U21
Spain

Individual


Michael Smith

Michael Smith may mean any of these people:


Michael Smith (chemist)

Michael Smith CC, OBC, FRS (April 26, 1932 – October 4, 2000) was a British-born Canadian biochemist. He was the winner of the 1993 Nobel Prize in Chemistry (shared with Kary Mullis) for his work in developing site-directed mutagenesis.

After graduation with a PhD in 1956 from the University of Manchester, he studied with Dr. Har Gobind Khorana (himself a Nobel Prize winner) at the British Columbia Research Council in Vancouver, Canada.

Smith received many awards in addition to the Nobel Prize, and was known for his generosity. He gave half of the Nobel Prize money to researchers working on the genetics of schizophrenia. The other half he gave to BC Science World in Vancouver and to the Society for Canadian Women in Science and Technology. He received the Royal Bank Award in 1999, and donated the grant to the BC Cancer Foundation.

In 1978, Smith, with former Fred Sanger colleague Clyde A. Hutchison III, introduced a new technique into molecular biology. This technique, called "oligonucleotide-directed site-directed mutagenesis", showed how to find the effect of a single mutant gene. They developed a synthetic DNA. With this they compared different protein molecules to show what the mutation did.

The new technology allowed deliberate alteration of genes to change the characteristics of an organism. It helps new diagnostic strategies and new treatments for genetic diseases. It may even allow the creation of artificial forms of life.

The team's paper describing site-directed mutagenesis was published as "Mutagenesis at a specific position in a DNA sequence" in the "Journal of Biological Chemistry" in September 1978. For the team's work, Smith shared the 1993 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Kary Mullis, the inventor of the polymerase chain reaction.


Johnny Test

Johnny Test is an animated series produced by DHX Media. The series first aired on September 17, 2005 on the Kids WB channel. The series currently airs in the United States on Cartoon Network on January 7, 2008. The series comes in over 75 countries in 19 languages. The first season of the show was produced by Teletoon , and later seasons by Cookie Jar Company after Cookie Jar Company was sold to DHX Media. The sixith season was produced by DHX Media and was labeled under Cookie Jar-DHX Media. The series premiered airs at 4:00 p.m. ET/PT time on January 7, 2008 on Cartoon Network. The series is produced 130 episodes divided in 7 seasons. A Netflix revival of the show was made in 2021.

The series revolves around the adventures of the title character, Johnny Test. He is an 11-year-old suburban boy who lives with his super-genius 13-year old twin sisters, Susan and Mary, both of whom are scientists. Johnny is often used as a test subject for his genius twin sisters' inventions and experiments. These range from gadgets to superpowers. Their experiments often cause problems that he must resolve, and he must sometimes fight villains in the process. He occasionally saves the world with his sisters' inventions. Johnny's dog Dukie has been given the ability to speak by his sisters.

While the first 22 episodes were directed by Paul Riley, "Johnny's Royal Flush / Johnny Test's Day Off", "Johnny and Dark Vegan's Battle Brawl Mania / A Scholarship for Johnny" and "Johnny Boat Racing / Johnny Lock Down" were directed by Larry Jacobs and the final episode "Good Ol' Johnny Test / Johnny X Strikes Back Again!" was directed by John Lei.
Worldwide
The show first premiered on Kids' WB on their saturday block on September 17, 2005 and moved to Cartoon Network.

Canada
The show premiered on Teletoon.

1492: Conquest of Paradise

1492: Conquest of Paradise is a 1992 epic adventure movie. This movie tells a fictionalized tale of Christopher Columbus and the New World. Christopher Columbus is played by Gérard Depardieu.

The movie opened in theaters in October 1992 under a PG-13 rating in the United States. It got mixed reviews. Roger Ebert, though, said the movie was satisfactory.

Mo' Money

Mo' Money is a 1992 American criminal comedy romance movie set in Chicago. Marlon Wayans plays Seymour. Stacey Dash plays Amber. The movie is about a con-man who tries cleaning his life after meeting a girl.

This movie was released in the United States on July 24, 1992. Reviews were generally negative. It premiered at #1 in the box office.

Shining Through

Shining Through is a 1992 American-British World War II romantic drama movie. It is about 1940 in Germany. Michael Douglas plays Ed. Melanie Griffith plays secretary Linda. Liam Neeson plays Franz-Otto.

The movie was not successful, though it did make over $13 million in profits over a budget of $30 million. The movie was called the Worst Picture of 1992 by the Razzie Awards. The critics did not like it.

Walter Romberg

Walter Romberg (27 December 1928 – 23 May 2014) was a German politician. He was the last finance minister of East Germany.

Romberg died from an illness in Munich, Germany, aged 85.

Miodrag Radulovacki

Miodrag (Misha) Radulovacki, MD, PhD (Serbian Cyrillic: Миодраг Радуловачки; Serbian Latin: Miodrag Radulovački; 28 April 1933 – 26 May 2014), was a Serbian scientist and inventor. He is known for creating the Adenosine Sleep Theory. He taught as a Professor of Pharmacology at the University of Illinois at Chicago.

Radulovacki died in Belgrade, Serbia, aged 81.

Walter Jakob Gehring

Walter Jakob Gehring (March 20, 1939 – May 29, 2014) was a Swiss developmental biologist. He was a professor at the Biozentrum Basel of the University of Basel, Switzerland. He earned his Ph.D. at the University of Zurich in 1965. After two years as a research assistant of Professor Ernst Hadorn he joined Professor Alan Garen's group at Yale University in New Haven as a postdoctoral fellow.

Arrondissements of the Tarn-et-Garonne department

There are 2 arrondissements in the Tarn-et-Garonne department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

The arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The arrondissements of the Tarn-et-Garonne department are:

Since its creation, the Tarn-et-Garonne department has had few changes:

Arrondissement of Castelsarrasin

The arrondissement of Castelsarrasin is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Tarn-et-Garonne "département". Its capital is the city of Castelsarrasin.

When the Tarn-et-Garonne department was created in 1808, Castelsarrasin was one of the original "arrondissements" of the department.

It is the westernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the smallest in area of the department. It has 76,822 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Lot (Occitanie) department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Montauban, to the south by the Haute-Garonne (Occitanie) department, to the southwest by the Gers (Occitanie) department and to the northwest by the Lot-et-Garonne (Nouvelle-Aquitaine) department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements". That is the case of the Beaumont-de-Lomagne, Castelsarrasin, Montech and the Pays de Serres Sud-Quercy cantons where some "communes" are in the "arrondissement" of Castelsarrasin and others in the "arrondissement" of Montauban. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Castelsarrasin has 103 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Montauban

The arrondissement of Montauban is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Tarn-et-Garonne "département". Its capital, and préfecture of the department, is the city of Montauban.

When the Tarn-et-Garonne department was created in 1808, Montauban was one of the original "arrondissements" of the department.

It is the easternmost of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the largest in area of the two "arrondissements" of the department. It has 175,756 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Lot (Occitanie) department, to the northeast by the Aveyron (Occitanie) department, to the east by the Tarn (Occitanie) department, to the south by the Haute-Garonne (Occitanie) department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Castelsarrasin.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements". That is the case of the Beaumont-de-Lomagne, Castelsarrasin, Montech and the Pays de Serres Sud-Quercy cantons where some "communes" are in the "arrondissement" of Montauban and others in the "arrondissement" of Castelsarrasin. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Montauban has 92 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Orange Caramel

Orange Caramel () are a sub-group of the South Korean girl group After School. The group was formed in 2010. The members of the group were Nana, Raina and Lizzy. As of December 2019, Orange Caramel only had one member still on the label. The group's website says Raina and Lizzy are still members of the group.

Orange Caramel started performing on June 16, 2010, with the single "Magic Girl". Their first album, "The First Mini Album" was released on June 21, 2010. The album peaked at No. 2 on the Gaon Chart. It included the single "Magic Girl" which peaked at No. 18. "Magic Girl" was very popular in South Korea. It became famous for its choreography and outfits featuring large bows. The concept of the song was also very popular. It was often parodied throughout 2010. The album was also released in Taiwan. A Mandarin version of "The Day You Went Away", a cover from Cyndi Wang, was also included. Both versions of the album included Raina's R&B solo, "Love Does Not Wait" . Orange Caramel released 11 albums.



In Korean

In Japanese

Cheongyang chili pepper

The Cheongyang chili pepper is one of the hottest chili pepper species ("Capsicum annum"). It is grown in Korea. It is a genetically improved strain of Thai and Jeju-do chili peppers. It was developed by Dr.Il-ung Yoo in 1983. Cheongyang chili peppers have 10,000~23,000 Scoville heat units in average.

The name Cheongyang comes from the name of the county, Cheongsong and Yeongyang.

Red pepper grows well in high temperature. Proper temperature to grow is 25~28 °C during the day and 18~22 °C during the night. It's better not to drop the temperature under 13 °C. When temperature stabilizes in 20~25 °C it is the best time for plants to bear fruits. If the temperature drops under 15 °C or rise over 30 °C, fertility of the plant is seriously damaged resulting in windfall and malformed fruit.

Even though red pepper requires high temperature, it does not require that much of a sunlight. However, the deficit of sunlight in long-term can result in poor quality and number of the produce, so it is better to give adequate amount of sunlight. Light saturation point is 30,000 lx, which is lower than other typical vegetables.

Most Cheongyang chili peppers are cultivated outdoors and some of them are cultivated indoors.

Normally, farmers harvest peppers that are cultivated outdoors in late July. It ripens from the bottom and peppers placed closer to a root are more likely to ripen well and have more vivid red color. It can be harvested until we have the first frost and till then, we can harvest five times from one root in average. The quality of produce is affected by how many times have peppers being harvested. For example, if the root can bear fruits five times, then the first produce will have more thicker fruit skin and also the taste of it is better because the first one has strong sweet flavor and hot flavor at the same time in harmony. However, the color is little bit darker and less in red than the second or third one, so it is easy to be mistaken as worse produce than later produce.
Technically through indoor cultivation, farmers can harvest through out the year. There is no quality difference between the first produce and the last one like the case mentioned in outdoor cultivation. The one raised in this environment has taller stem body and bears more fruits than the one raised outdoors. Especially, because it stays always indoors, it doesn't get wet, so can block all kinds of diseases caused by excessive humidity. Because of these advantages, more and more farmers cultivate Cheongyang chili peppers indoors.

Korea-Yonsei Match

Korea-Yonsei Match (Yonsei-Korea Match) is a sport event between two South Korean universities, Korea University and Yonsei University (both in Seoul, Korea) compete each year in the fall. The event consist of five sports: Baseball, basketball, soccer, rugby, and ice hockey. The event was started in 1956. The event started is a tennis competition between players of Bosung college (which became Korea University) and Yonhui college (now Yonsei University). It was held on May 30, 1925. After the match, the two schools got into another competition in 1927. This time the two school had a soccer match. Korea University and Yonsei University had other matches after the match. These matchs were held almost every year until it became official in 1956. Since the period was the period of Japanese colonial era in Korea, the competition of two schools grew as a national event of Korea.

Official Korea-Yonsei Match has taken place since 1965. They are held in remembrance of events during Japanese colonial era. There are five sports in the Korea-Yonsei match : baseball, basketball, ice hockey, rugby, and soccer. Below is the result of each year.

The event is a part of the biggest festival of both Korea and Yonsei university. The rivalry between the two university is like Harvard verses Yale University, Stanford University verses UC Berkeley, and in Korea, KAIST verses POSTECH. Very large festivals are thrown in each town every other year. Festival takes place in Anam in even number years and in Sinchon in odd number years.

One of the customs takes place during the festival is 'human train march'. People from each department of the school make a long line and put their hands on the shoulder of fthe person in front of them. They makea long train-like rows. The human trains marches through streets. They ask for food and bottles of alcohol from the owners of the stores, restaurants and bars. The alumni and university student council pre-pay for the side-dishes and bottles of alcohol these places.

Ki Sung-yueng

Ki Sung-yueng () is a Korean national soccer player, and Premier League player.

His soccer career cannot be explained without his father. His father was always with Ki. He said he found Ki's talent in elementary school and wanted to continue soccer career. Therefore, his father started to train Ki and he can now use both feet. His father also wanted to develop more to study about soccer. Therefore, Ki moved to Australia at twelve years old to study English and started to playing soccer. Because of this experience in Australia, he could speak in English fluently and it is easy to communicate with other soccer players.

He joined Premier League club Swansea City A.F.C in August 2012. In terms of attacking, he appeared 29 matches, shots 27 times but no goals. However, he succeeded in assisting 2 times and 17 times crosses. Among 29 matches which he played, Swansea City A.F.C won 7 games, drew 12 games and lost 10 games. In 13-14 season, he was loaned to Sunderland A.F.C and he did pretty well in Sunderland A.F.C. He appeared 27 games among 38 games and he got scored 3 times among 30 shots and succeeded in one assists and 21 crosses. He did well in 29 games he played but the results of games were not good. Just 6 wins and 6 draw matches and 15 times lost among 29 matches.

Ki also did well in Korean National Team. He joined Korean National football Team from 2007. Also, he joined 2012 London Olympics, and he and his teammates did well so they finally got bronze medal in Olympics and got benefit from Korean Government to pass military service.

Software release life cycle

A software release life cycle is the different stages of making a computer program, giving it out to other people, and making sure the computer program works right after it is released.

Stages can either be officially announced and regulated by developers, or sometimes the term is used to describe the state of the product.

Pre-alpha is the first stage of making a computer program. People making the computer program think up what the computer program should have in it, and start to actually create the computer program itself. Also, programs that have not yet entered the alpha or beta stage, but passed the development stage, are called so.

Alpha software is a computer program that can do most of what the programmers (people who make the software) want it to do, but it has lots of problems. Only the things that the programmers "really "want the software to do has been made without many problems.

A computer program goes into beta when programmers have made the software do everything it needs to do, but there may still be problems. The people who make the software then give it out to other people, so they can test whether the software works properly. They may still find problems that they did not find in alpha. Some programs, even very stable, exist only as beta versions. The most frequent reason is that the developer continues to release new features which are not usually well tested. In this way responsible developers inform users about the increased risk of problems, but not to avoid responsibility. Even a final version of every program or operating system contains a disclaimer that says that a developer is not responsible for any loss or damage caused to a user.

It is also known as "betaware".

RC ("release candidate") is a candidate stage for becoming stable. The software of this stage has passed almost full testing and the main errors have been corrected. But at the same time, there are some bugs that could not be found during testing.

It is also called as ""going silver"".

RTM ("release to manufacturing") is a publication of a product which is ready for replication. This is a stable version of the program that has gone through all stages of development. The main errors were fixed, but there is a possibility of new mistakes.

GA (general availability) is a public version of the software and people can buy it. The time between RTM and GA can be from a week to a month. At this stage, the software ""went into operation"".


Thor (movie)

Thor is a 2011 American superhero movie, directed by Kenneth Branagh, and starring Chris Hemsworth, Natalie Portman and Tom Hiddleston. It is the first movie of the series based on the Marvel Comics character "Thor". It was produced by Marvel Studios, and is the fifth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).

The film was first shown in Sydney, on April 17 2011. It was first released in the United States on May 6, as part of of the MCU.

The movie starts with Odin, the king of the gods, fighting some frost giants, and taking an item called The Casket of Ancient Winters. Some years later, Thor is heir to the throne of Asgard (the world of the gods), but his crowning is stopped by some Frost Giants (that were let in by his brother Loki). Thor and his friends go to Jotunheim (the world of the Frost Giants) and attack Laufey, the Frost Giant leader, but are saved by Odin. Odin is angry at Thor and sends him to Earth as a normal person. Thor lands in New Mexico and meets and develops romance with astrophysicist Jane Foster. Meanwhile in Asgard, Loki finds out he is actually Laufey’s son, and plans to ascend to the throne and sends the Destroyer (a weapon) to kill Thor. Thor dies but shows that he is worthy, and his powers come back. Thor goes back to Asgard and fights Loki, who falls off the Bifrost and dies.



Yoo Jae-suk

Yoo Jae-suk is a South Korean comedian and MC. He was born on August 14, 1972 in Seoul. He is known as "MC of the nation". He was also known as
"The Grasshopper" because he dressed as a grasshopper when he first started. His debut was on the KBS comedian Festival which held for college students in 1991.

Although, A vote by the South Korean "netizens" proclaimed him the most popular MC in the Korea, he underwent unknown comedian for long times(9 years). But, in 2002, he became the MC of a program named “Dong-guh-dong-lak(동고동락)” thanks to a recommendation by a talent Choi Jin-Sil. This program instantly be popular and this accomplishments give Yoo Jae-suk more chances to host many variety programs. And after he hosted the program "The Crash of MCs"(공포의 쿵쿵따), he became top level of MC in the Korea. He hosted many variety shows for example, X-man, Infinite Challenge, Family Outing, Happy Together, Running Man, Come to Play etc... By this success, he got 34 awards. Also, he is kinds of singer. He sang 10 songs for example, As I Say, Apqujeong Nallari, Please Don't Go My Girl etc. He is loved and popular not only by his ability of hosting show but also his personality like respecting others.

He married the Korean anchor Na Kyung-eun thanks to the program "Infinite Challenge". They have a son Yoo Ji-ho. After the marriage he is still very popular and voted "wanna be man" by many woman. Also, he was elected 2nd person of the most respecting person by elementary students.




Don Zimmer

Donald William "Don" Zimmer (January 17, 1931 – June 4, 2014) was an American baseball figure. He was an infielder, manager, and coach in Major League Baseball (MLB). He was involved in professional baseball from 1949 until his death, lasting 65 years. He was best known as an infielder for the Brooklyn Dodgers. He was later known for managing the Boston Red Sox and the Chicago Cubs.

Zimmer was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was married to Soot (Jean) from 1951 until Zimmer's death. The couple had two children, Thomas and Donna. In December 2008, he suffered a stroke which caused a loss of speech for a week.

Zimmer died from heart failure as a result of surgical problems on June 4, 2014 in Dunedin, Florida, aged 83.

George Ho

George Ho Ho-chi, GBS, OBE, JP (3 November 1919 – 4 June 2014) was a Hong Kong media mogul. He was the son of Hong Kong businessman Robert Hotung. Ho was the founder of the Commercial Radio Hong Kong and Commercial Television. He still kept the title of honorary chairman when he died on 4 June 2014.

He received the Gold Bauhinia Star award in 2001.

Time Flies

Time Files is the tenth studio album by John Michael Montgomery. The album was released on October 14, 2008. It was on his own label Stringtown Records. 

Taula

A taula ('table' in Catalan) is a stone monument in the shape of a T. It is found on the Balearic Islands of Minorca. They were built by the Talaiotic culture sometime between 1000 BC and 300 BC. Their meaning is unknown but it was probably made for either religious and/or astronomical purposes.


Wario World

Wario World is a platform/beat 'em up video game published by Nintendo and developed by Treasure. It is Wario's first starring appearance on a home game console. It is a part of the "Wario" game series. It was only released for the Nintendo GameCube.

It was released on June 20, 2003 in Europe, June 23, 2003 in North America, July 10, 2003 in Australasia, and on May 27, 2004 in Japan. The game is about Wario trying to get back his treasure and his castle from an evil gem called Black Jewel.

IGN rated the game a 7.1 out of 10, saying it had "some great control mechanics and inventive level work" 

GameSpot gave the game a 6.4 out of 10 and said "The game certainly contains a lot of the same Wario charm that makes his GBA appearances so memorable, but the final product is too short and simplistic to hold your attention for more than a day." 


Hyperplane

A hyperplane is a space composed of 1 less dimension than the space that it occupies. A hyperplane in a two-dimensional space (a ) would be a line, which is one-dimensional. A hyperplane in a three-dimensional space would be a plane, or some surface, which is two-dimensional. 
Silent Hill: Downpour

Silent Hill: Downpour is a survival horror video game published by Konami Digital Entertainment and developed by Vatra Games. It is the eighth game in the "Silent Hill" series. It was released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.

It was released on March 13, 2012 in North America, March 29, 2012 in Europe, April 5, 2012 in Australia, and on November 8, 2012 in Japan for the PlayStation 3. The game is about a prisoner named Murphy Pendleton who enters Silent Hill, every so often enters the alternate dimension and unlocks personal repressed memories.

IGN rated the game a 4.5 out of 10 and said "The most frustrating thing about Silent Hill Downpour isn't the lousy combat, dull exploration, or even the technical gaffes. It's the fact that every now and then while playing through the game's story, you'll see signs of brilliance; sunlight hinted from behind the overcast sky."

GameSpot gave the game a 7.5 out of 10 and said "Downpour makes some questionable tweaks to the established formula, but those decisions distinguish it from the rest of the series." 


Trojany, Masovian Voivodeship

Trojany is a village in Poland in Masovian Voivodeship. It has about 490 inhabitants.

Louisiana Tech University

Louisiana Tech University is a College in Ruston, Louisiana. It has degrees from associates to doctoral level.

Chefchaouen

Chefchaouen or Chaouen (Berber: ⵛⴰⵡⴻⵏ/ⵛⴼⵛⴰⵡⴻⵏ, Arabic: شفشاون/الشاون) is a small important historical and tourist city in the north of Maghreb. Chefchaouen is located in the Rif Mountains of northwestern Morocco. Many Moriscos and Jews settled in this city after the Spanish Reconquista in the Late Middle Ages. The city is famous for its blue houses and alleys.



Conwy Castle

Conwy Castle () is a castle that was built in the Middle Ages. It is in Conwy, in the country of Wales. It was built by Edward I of England. He built it after he went to Wales and took over control of it, conquering it. He built it between the years of 1283 and 1289. It is part of the city walls. It cost £15,000 to build. The castle has survived wars like Madog ap Llywelyn. Richard II of England hid there in 1399. Owain Glyndŵr took it over in 1401, too.

After the English Civil War started in 1642, people who supported Charles I of England took over the castle. They stayed there until 1646, which was when the Roundheads took it from them. When that war ended, the government partially destroyed the castle, so no one would use it. By 1665 it was completely destroyed because people had taken all of the iron and lead from the castle and sold it. Artists started making paintings of the castle in the 18th and 19th centuries. People started visiting it on vacation and it is now ran by Cadw.

Conwy Castle was called one of the best Middle Ages military places in Europe by UNESCO. It is a World Heritage Site. The castle is rectangular. It is made from local stone and stone brought from other places. There are two parts of the castle: "Inner Ward" and "Outer Ward". It has eight towers and two barbicans. There is a gate which has a path that goes down to River Conwy. This path let the castle get supplies from boats and fishing. It has one of the oldest machicolation's in the country. It also has a bedroom which was used by kings and queens. The castle was based on the buildings made by James of Saint George.

Conwy was a Cistercian monastery before it was a town. It was often visited by the Welsh princes. It is also a place where a person can cross the River Conwy going from the ocean area to the inland. The area has been owned by kings who have been from England and Wales since 1070.

In 1282 Edward I of England attacked the castle. He had a big army. They came to the castle from the north. They came from Carmarthen. They also came from the West. The army came from Montgomery and Chester. The town of Aberconwy was captured by Edward in March 1283. He decided to use the castle as the center point for a county. There used to be an abbey where the castle was. Edward had the abbey relocated. He wanted to own the castle so that other people thought he was very powerful.

After Edward decided to build the castle people started building it quickly. Sir John Bonvillars was the foreman for the building of the castle. A mason named James of St. George also worked on the project. They started building it in 1283. From 1283 until 1284 they built the walls and towers. Next, they built the buildings inside the castle walls. They also built walls for a town nearby. That took place between 1284 and 1286. They finished building the castle in 1287. People came from all over England to help build the castle. People would meet in Chester and walk to Wales to work at the castle. In total the project cost £15,000. That was a lot of money back then.

The castle had a person who was both constable and the mayor of Conwy. That person also managed 30 soldiers. A carpenter, chaplain, blacksmith, engineer, and stonemason worked at the castle. In 1294 Madog ap Llywelyn started to fight against the people who ruled England. King Edward moved to Conwy to escape Madog ap Llywelyn. He lived at the castle from December 1294 until January 1295. He was only able to get supplies and food from the sea. Eventually, soldiers came and helped him in February. After that time, various people lived at the castle. This included Edward's son, who would become Edward II of England. He lived there in 1301.

The castle fell apart during the 14th century because people did not take care of it. By the year 1321 the roof was leaking and the wood was rotting. In 1343, Edward, the Black Prince took over the castle. He fixed it with the help of Sir John Weston. Weston worked for Edward. They added a lot of things, including arches to the great hall. When Edward died, the castle fell apart again.

Richard II of England started living in the castle towards the end of the century. He stayed there to escape Henry IV. When Richard got back from Ireland on August 12, 1399, and went to the castle, he met Henry Percy. Percy worked for Henry IV. The two talked to help stop the fighting. Percy promised to not hurt Richard. Richard surrendered on August 19 to Henry Percy at Flint Castle. He said he would stop being King if he was allowed to live, not die. Richard was taken to London. He died at Pontefract Castle.

A rebellion started in 1400, during the rule of Henry IV. It was started by Owain Glyndŵr. This was just after Richard was told he was no longer king. Two cousins of Owain Glyndŵr, Rhys ap Tudur and his brother Gwilym, attacked the castle as a surprise. They dressed up like carpenters and acted like they were going to fix the castle. The got inside, killed two watchmen, and took over the castle. Their troops took over the town. The brothers lived there for about 3 months. They gave up after Henry IV promised to forgive them and they would not go to trial.

The castle was almost used during the War of the Roses but by the time the war ended it did not see any activity. The castle went through repairs in the 1520s and 1530s by Henry VIII. The castle was used as a prison and sometimes people who visited Conwy stayed at the castle.

The castle had fallen apart again by the 1600s. It was sold to Edward Conway by Charles I in 1627. Edward bought it for £100. Edward's son, also named Edward, took over the castle in 1631. It was a ruin. In 1642, the English Civil War started. John Williams, Archbishop of York, took charge of the castle for the king. He used his own money to fix the broken parts of the castle. In 1645, Sir John Owen became governor of the castle. The two men argued about this, since Williams was supposed to be running it, not Owen. Eventually Williams gave up and moved back to London. The castle was taken over by Thomas Mytton between a siege in August and November of 1646.

After the siege, Colonel John Carter became governor of the castle. He made more repairs to fix it. In 1655, the English Council of State was told, by the Parliament of England, to pull down the castle so people could not use it anymore. The Bakehouse Tower was partially torn apart during that time. The castle was given back to Edward Conway by Charles II as part of the Restoration. But, five years later Conway took all of the iron and lead that was on the castle and sell it to make money. A man named William Milward was in charge of taking the iron and lead off the castle. The people who lived in the town of Conwy protested the removal. Conway and Millward did not care and the castle became a complete ruin.

By the end of the 18th century the castle ruins were called "picturesque" and beautiful. People and artists would visit the castle from around the country. Artists would paint pictures of it, including the artists Thomas Girtin, Moses Griffith, Julius Caesar Ibbetson, Paul Sandby and J. M. W. Turner. Bridges were built over the River Conwy to the town from the Llandudno in the 1800s. The new bridges brought more tourists to the area. The two bridges included the Conwy Suspension Bridge, built in 1826, and the Conwy Railway Bridge, built in 1848. This allowed people with boats, cars, and riding in trains to visit the castle. The Holland family was running the castle, and in 1865 they gave it to the local government to run. The town helped to restore the ruins and they fixed the Bakehouse Tower. The castle was leased in 1953 to the Ministry of Works. They had Arnold Taylor start to fix the castle. He also researched the castle's history. A new road was built to the castle in 1958. It was going to be made into a monument by the country. In 1986 it was called a World Heritage Site.

Today it is ran by Cadw and tourists visit it. As of 2010, 186,897 people had visited the castle. They opened a new visitor center in 2012. The castle always has to be repaired. Between the years 2002 and 2003, it cost £30,000 to maintain and repair the castle.

The castle is considered one of the best "examples of late 13th century and early 14th century military architecture in Europe," by UNESCO. It sits on the coast. The coast is made up of a lot of rocks, including grey sandstone and limestone. Most of the stone that the castle was built out of is from this stone. The sandstone used to make carvings was brought from the Creuddyn peninsula, Chester, and the Wirral. That sandstone had more colors than the grey sandstone that was local. It might have been chosen not only because it was easy to carve, but also because it was pretty.

The castle is rectangular. It has two different sections, the Inner Ward and the Outer Ward. It has four towers. They are and there is one on each side of the castle. The castle would have been painted white with lime render during its early days. The towers have holes in them, called "putlog holes". These holes were used to help the builders build the towers, by putting wood timber pieces through the holes so they could climb up the towers. There are also square holes that are found in the castle walls. No one knows what they were used for. Maybe they were used to get rid of water when it rained, used for hoardings, or for displaying decorations.

The main entrance to the castle is through the western barbican. That barbican used to go over a drawbridge and a ramp from the town. Today, the path goes along the east side of the walls. The barbican has some of the oldest machicolation stones in Britain. In the early days, the gate to the castle was probably protected by a portcullis.
Through the gate is the Outer Ward. When it was first built, this is where administrative duties were. People were handling business and management of the castle. This is where the northwest tower is located. People could live inside of it, and also store things. There is also the southwest tower, which was used by the constable. There was also a bakery inside of it. On the southside of the Outer Ward, there is a great hall and a chapel. There are also cellars. There is an old great arch from the 1340s. A jail was in a tower behind the great hall. There was a dungeon inside of it. The north side of the Outer Ward has a kitchen, brewery, bakery, and inside the tower people could live and store things.

There used to be a wall that separated the Inner Ward from the Outer Ward. The wall, which was inside the castle, had a drawbridge and a gate. There was also a ditch which made it hard to cross if the gate was closed. In the 16th century, the ditch was filled up so people could walk over it and the drawbridge was removed. This is where the spring that the castle gets it water from is located. The well is deep. The Inner Ward is where the royal guests and residents lived. It is also where their staff and servants lived. The royal bedrooms, also called "chambers", are considered the finest preserved in England and Wales. The Inner Ward was supposed to look like a very small version of a royal palace. The reason the wall, gate, and ditch were built was so that if there was an emergency or an attack, the Inner Ward could be sealed off from the Outer Ward, which would fight against invasions.
The rooms where the royals lived were on the first floor in a series of small buildings. There were four protective towers for the Inner Ward. One of the towers was a chapel where the royals would have religious services. All of the towers had turrets for security. They also each displayed the royal flag. It is believed that this part of Conwy Castle was designed similar to that at Corfe Castle. The king could have his own private time while having a lot of security to keep him and all inside safe. There used to be two apartments inside, but eventually they were made into one apartment with three rooms.

The east side of the Inner Ward has another barbican. This is where the castle garden is. The royal apartments could see the garden from their windows. There used to be grass there, and then vines, crab-apple trees, and flowers. There was a small gate that led to a small dock on the river. This allowed visitors to visit and leave the castle with very few people seeing them. It also allowed people to get supplies for the Inner Ward from boats.

The architecture is similar to that found in the kingdom of Savoy during the 13th century. This includes the way the windows were designed, the positioning of the "putlog" holes. Historians think that Conwy Castle was influenced by the work of architect Master James, from Savoy. The similarities to Savoy architecture might also be because many of the men who worked on building Conwy Castle were from Savoy.

Bibliography


Family history (medicine)

In medicine, family history means information on medical disorders the direct blood relatives of a patient may have had. Many healthcare professionals look at the information on family medical problems, such as autism, diabetes, mental illness, autoimmune diseases, cancer.

Many medical conditions are carried only by the female line, including X-linked conditions. Others are carried by the male line, including Y-linked conditions.

Against Me!

Against Me! is a punk rock band. Laura Jane Grace started the band in Gainesville, Florida, in 1997. The band has released six albums. The band started their own record label in 2011. The band's first album, "Against Me! Is Reinventing Axl Rose", was released in March 2002 by No Idea Records. The band's most recent album "Transgender Dysphoria Blues" was released in 2014. The album is the first released by the band since Laura Jane Grace came out as a trans woman.


Reiulf Steen

Reiulf Hjalmar Steen (16 August 1933 – 5 June 2014) was a Norwegian politician, diplomat and journalist. He was a member for the Labour Party. He served as Minister of Transportation from 1971 to 1972 and as Mister of Commerce from 1979 to 1981. He was also a MP for Oslo and Akershus from 1977 to 1993. He later became the ambassador to Chile from 1992 to 1996.

Steen was born in Hurum, Buskerud. He died in his sleep on 5 June 2014 in Oslo, at the age of 80.


Virginia Luque

Virginia Luque (born Violeta Mabel Domínguez 4 October 1927 – 3 June 2014) was an Argentine tango singer and movie actress. She appeared in 20 tango movies between 1943 and 1976.

Luque was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

She began her career in 1943 in "La guerra la gano yo". She appeared in many movies, her famous one was "Arriba el Telón o el Patio de la Morocha" (1951). She also starred in "La Balandra Isabel llegó esta tarde" (1949).

Luque died on June 3, 2014 from natural causes at the age of 86 in Buenos Aires, Argentina.


Enrique Pinti

Enrique Pinti (October 7, 1939 – March 27, 2022) was an Argentine comedian and actor. His career began in 1957.

Pinti was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

He was known for his roles in "Juan que reía" (1976), "Esperando la carroza" (1985), "Flop" (1990), "Perdido por perdido" (1993), "Tango" (1998), and in "Arregui, la noticia del día" (2001).

Pinti was openly gay. He died on March 27, 2022 at a Buenos Aires hospital from problems caused by diabetes at the age of 82.

Antônio Pitanga

Antônio Luiz Sampaio (born June 13, 1939), better known by his stage name Antônio Pitanga, is a Brazilian actor. He is known for playing several roles on movies of the Cinema Novo movement in the 1960s. 

Pitanga appeared in 100 foreign movies and 20 telenovelas. His career began in 1960. He is known for his role in "O Clone.

He was married to actress Vera Manhães, with whom he had two sons: actress Camila Pitanga and actor Rocco Pitanga. After their divorced, he married to politician Benedita da Silva.

Albert Paulsen

Albert Paulsen (Albert Paulson; December 13, 1925 – April 25, 2004) was an Ecuadorian-American actor. His career began during the 1960s. He appeared in many television comedy shows. He worked with Bob Hope, Johnny Carson, and George Burns. He won a Emmy Award in 1964.

Paulsen died from natural causes, aged 78.

Gender selection

Gender selection (or sex selection) is the attempt to control the gender of human offspring. It can be done either before or after the fertilisation of the egg. It has been called family balancing. In certain countries, particularly China, Nepal and India, sons are often preferred to daughters. In the United States, slightly more Americans preferred boys to girls. 

The methods used for gender selection are of two main types. One occurs before fertilisation by making sure there are more sperms with a Y chromosome (which produce a male). The other acts after fertilisation by selecting only male embryos to develop.

The Ericsson method uses the extra weight of sperms carrying the X chromosome. They swim slower than the lighter sperms with the Y chromosome. This test tube method increases the chance of having a boy from just over 50% to just over 70%. The method is called 'sperm sorting'.

The "in-vitro" fertilisation uses ovarian stimulation to cause the mother to produce a number of eggs. The eggs are fertilised in the laboratory by the father's sperm. Then the sex of embryos is discovered by taking a single cell from the ball of cells which has divided after fertilisation. One or more male embryos are then implanted in the mother's womb so they will develop.

Probably the most common method uses selective abortion. The sex of an embryo can be found by amniocentesis: cells are taken from the fluid surrounding the embryo. This is regularly done to identify genetic defects in the embryo. The procedure gives the information about sex early enough for abortion to be a safe practice.

Sex selection has only recently become available. Sex selections are legal in most of the world. It is practiced mostly in Western countries, though more limited for Eastern countries, such as China and India. There is fertility tourism from the United Kingdom or Canada. That’s because preimplantation genetic diagnosis (a potential expansion of in-vitro fertilization that can be used for gender selection) is not allowed in Canada or the United Kingdom.


Jorge Marrale

Jorge Marrale (born June 30, 1947) is a well-known Argentine actor. Marrale is known for his roles in "Ashes of Paradise", "The Lighthouse", "Antigua, My Life", "El Dia Que Me Ama", and in "Ay Junacito".

He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Embryo transfer

Embryo transfer is a medical procedure. It is a step in the process of assisted reproduction (also called fertility treatment), which uses science and medical treatments to help women who have difficulty getting pregnant. 

In embryo transfer, embryos are placed in a woman's uterus. The goal is to create a pregnancy. The embryos can be either fresh or frozen. If they are frozen, they are thawed right before they are transferred. Embryo transfer is the last step in a type of fertility treatment called in vitro fertilization.

Embryo transfer can be used for humans or animals.

Nelson Villagra

Nelson Villagra (born 9 August 1937) is a Chilean actor, author and director. He is thought to be the most successful actors in Chilean cinema. His career began in 1967. Villagra is known for his roles in "Cantata de Chile", "The Last Supper", "Amnesia", "Jackal of Nahueltoro", and "Tierra del fuego".

John Mahoney

John Mahoney (June 20, 1940 – February 4, 2018) was an American-British actor. He was known for his role as Martin Crane in the sitcom "Frasier" which ran from 1993 to 2004. Mahoney was born in Blackpool, Lancashire, England. He became an American citizen in 1959.

Mahoney died on 4 February 2018 while in hospice care in Chicago, Illinois of complications from epilepsy and lung and throat cancer at the age of 77.


Sergio Renán

Sergio Renán (30 January 1933 – 13 June 2015) was an Argentine actor, movie director and screenwriter. He is known for his movies "Manon" (1984), "Rigoletto" (1985), "Othello" (1987), "Madame Butterfly" (1989), "Cosi Fan Tutte" (1990), and "The Marriage of Figaro" (1992). He was born in Buenos Aires to a Jewish family.

Renán died from pneumonia at a hospital in Buenos Aires, aged 82.

Marc Maron

Marc David Maron (born September 27, 1963) is an American actor, comedian, and podcast host. He has been host of "The Marc Maron Show" and co-host of both "Morning Sedition" and "Breakroom Live". From 2013 to 2016, he starred in his own show "Maron". He also starred in a minor role in "Joker" (2019).

Maron was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. He is Jewish. He grew up in New Jersey, Alaska and Albuquerque.

He dated director Lynn Shelton until her death in May 2020.

Ary Fontoura

Ary Fontoura (born January 27, 1933, in Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil) is a Brazilian actor, writer, director, poet and TV-presenter.

Reginaldo Faria

Reginaldo Figueira de Faria (born 11 June 1937) is a Brazilian actor and movie director. He has appeared in more than 60 movies and television shows since 1952. He is known for his roles in "Força de um Desejo" and in "O Clone".

Jonas Bloch

Jonas Bloch (born February 8, 1939) is a Brazilian actor. He is known for his television roles as villains. Bloch is of a Ukrainian-Jewish descent. He is the father of actress Débora Bloch. He is known for his roles in "Avaete, Seed of Revenge" (1985), "Tropicaliente" (1994), "Mango Yellow" (2002), and in "A Lei e o Crime" (2009).

Oscar Núñez

Oscar Núñez (1929 – February 9, 2012) was an Argentine actor. He was known for his work in movie and theater. Some of his best known movie roles were in "Nine Queens" in 2000, "Good Life Delivery" in 2004, and "Un novio para mi mujer" in 2008.

Núñez died from complications of cancer on February 9, 2012, at the age of 83. He was buried at the La Chacarita Cemetery in Buenos Aires.

Ruy de Carvalho

Ruy de Carvalho (born 1 March 1927) is a Portuguese actor. He appeared in more than ninety movies since 1952. He is known for his roles in "April Captains", "A Caixa", "Abraham's Valley", and in "No, or the Vain Glory of Command".

Gustavo Rojo

Gustavo Rojo (5 September 1923 – 22 April 2017) was a Uruguayan movie actor and producer. He has appeared in more than 100 movies since 1944. He is known for his roles in "Tarzan and the Mermaids" (1948), "The Evil Forest" (1951), "Action of the Tiger" (1957), and in "The Valley of Gwangi" (1969).

Rojo died on 22 April 2017 in Mexico City at the age of 93.


Chester Nez

Chester Nez (January 23, 1921 – June 4, 2014) was an American veteran of World War II. He was the last original Navajo code talker who served in the United States Marine Corps during the war. He was born in Chi Chil Tah, New Mexico.

In 2011, he wrote a book about his life called "Code Talker" with Judith Schiess Avila. The book tells about Nez growing up in the Checkerboard, going to boarding schools, the 1930s Livestock Massacre, his work on the code and in wars, and his later life.

Nez died on June 4, 2014 from kidney failure in Albuquerque, aged 93.


Richard Percival Lister

Richard Percival Lister (23 November 1914 – 1 May 2014), also known simply as R. P. Lister, was an English historian, writer, poet, artist and metallurgist. His works included "The Idle Demon", "The Rhyme and the Reason", "Genghis Khan" and "The Travels of Herodotus". From 1947 until 1949, he worked in liaison for the British Non-Ferrous Metals Research Association.

Lister was born in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire. He was married twice.

Lister died from natural causes on 1 May 2014 in London, aged 99.

Aglet

An aglet, or aiglet, is the small tip on the end of a shoelace or rope. It can be plastic or metal. It keeps the fibres from fraying or unwinding. This makes it easier to hold, and easier to feed through a hole, such as a grommmet, eyelet, or lacing guides.

The word "aglet" (or "aiglet") comes from the Old French word, "aguillette" (or "aiguillette"), which means "needle". This in turn comes from "acus", Latin for "needle". An aglet is like a small needle at the end of a cord.

There are two main types of aglets. Some are purely functional, that is to simply stop fraying, while others can also be decorative. Decorative aglets are on the end of decorative cords, such as bolo ties, or on the aiguillettes of military dress uniforms.

Aglets today are most often made of plastic; they also have been made of metal, glass, and stone. Many were highly ornamental and made of metals such as silver. Before the invention of buttons, they were used on the ends of ribbons to hold clothing together. Sometimes they were formed into small figures. Shakespeare called these an "aglet baby" in "The Taming of the Shrew".

Homemade aglets can be made out of adhesive tape, wax, resin, glue, thread, heat shrink or metal tubing, and by simply knotting or melting the end of a lace or cord. During the Great Depression, aglets were made out of paper and glue.


2014 Moncton shootings

The 2014 Moncton shootings were shootings that took place on June 4, 2014 in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada. Three members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police were shot and killed in Moncton. Two other RCMP officers were also injured in the attack. 24-year-old Justin Bourque committed the shooting. He was caught after he was found in a yard on Mecca Drive and was taken into custody on June 6, 2014. After he was caught, he told police, "I'm done." The shooting lasted from June 4, 2014 to June 6, 2014. It was the first homicide in Moncton since 2010 and was the deadliest attack on RCMP members since the Mayerthorpe tragedy in 2005.

George LeBlanc, Mayor of Moncton said in a statement on Twitter that the shooting was "Terrible sad news for Moncton. Stay indoors and allow police to do their job. Prayers for the families." Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper said in a statement "On behalf of all Canadians, Laureen and I offer our deepest condolences to the families, colleagues and friends of those affected by this tragedy. We also offer our prayers for the speedy recovery of those injured." He also said that the incident reminds us that "men and women in law enforcement put their lives on the line in Canada every day to protect our citizens and communities".

Natchez, Louisiana

Natchez is a village in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the fourth most populous municipality in Natchitoches Parish (after Natchitoches, Campti and Provencal)

Goldonna, Louisiana

Goldonna is a village in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the fifth most populous municipality in Natchitoches Parish (after Natchitoches, Campti, Provencal, and Natchez)

Robeline, Louisiana

Robeline is a village in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the second least populous municipality in Natchitoches Parish (after Powhatan).

Clarence, Louisiana

Clarence is a village in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the fourth least populous municipality in Natchitoches Parish (after Powhatan, Robeline and Ashland).

Provencal, Louisiana

Provencal is a village in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is the third most populous municipality in Natchitoches Parish (after Natchitoches and Campti).

Creston, Louisiana

Creston is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Egg donation

Egg donation is when a woman gives some of her eggs (ova). Sometimes it is done to help that woman or another woman have a baby. Sometimes it is for research. Sometimes the eggs are frozen for later.

The first child born from egg donation was in 1983 in Australia. The first one in the United States was born February 3, 1984.

A woman who gives her ova is called an egg donor. Egg donors are recruited, screened, and give consent before participating in the process.

Lab Rats

Lab Rats (Lab Rats: Bionic Island since the fourth season) is an American television series by It's a Laugh Productions and Disney XD. It first started in 2012. The show is about a teenager named Leo who discovers three teens with bionic powers in the basement (lab) of his home. The show had 90 episodes in 5 seasons.

In the start (Season 1) Leo discovered Adam, Bree and Chase and the Lab Rats wanted to go to school and have a social start so season 1 had more of showing who they are. In a season 1 episode Marcus had been shown to be a bad guy to Leo but not to the Lab Rats but in more episodes they start doing more life-saving events and in the Season 1 finale they go to space. In Season 2 in "Bionic Showdown" Marcus becomes a threat to all of the Lab Rats and Donald as it starts with more villains like Marcus and Douglas. Then in the Season 2 final "No Going Back" the bad guys keep coming to try to get them and all season finales end with a cliff hanger with the series premiere of Season 3 (Sink Or Swim) continuing from the season finale of Season 2.


Plot: The Lab Rats are on the run as stowaways on a cargo freight headed to the unknown. Once captured by the ship's crew, they are forced to choose between helping a submarine in danger, which would reveal their whereabouts and put them at risk of being caught, or staying quiet. Meanwhile, Leo and Davenport try to find a way out of the elevator.
Plot: Donald performs Death defying stunt to earn money for a new lab.
Plot: The Lab Rats get a new lab then Principal Perry makes the team take her on a mission but when they put a fake one perry accidentally launches a rocket a there high school Meanwhile Leo takes Danelle on a date to prove he is not bad luck.

Lab Rats at the Internet Movie Database

Urawa Station

Urawa Station (浦和駅,うらわえき) is a railway station of JR East in Saitama, Saitama Prefecture, Japan.



Turner syndrome

Turner syndrome, also known as 45 X, is a genetic disorder of human females. It is usually caused by the loss of one of the X chromosomes.

Turner's syndrome occurs in 1 out of 2000, to 1 out of 5000 female births. The condition is much more common "in utero" (that is, before birth). About 1–2% of all conceptions are affected, of which only 1% survive to birth.

Girls with Turner syndrome often have webbed necks, short stature, broad chests and low hairlines. Heart disease, hypothyroidism (reduced hormone secretion by the thyroid), and diabetes are other problems that may be present. Autoimmune diseases and infertility may also occur. These girls usually have normal intelligence but may have some trouble with vision and hearing.

Girls with Turner Syndrome sometimes receive Human Growth Hormone (hGH). Human Growth Hormone regulates growth in the human body. Human Growth Hormone helps girls with Turner Syndrome grow normally.

Many girls affected by Turner’s syndrome also may experience learning disabilities. These are usually related to subjects that are not related to verbal subjects. A girl’s visual or motor coordination may be impaired, and she may have trouble with her spatial perception as well.

RM4SCC

Royal Mail 4 State Customer Code (commoly abbreviated to RM4SCC) is a two-dimensional barcode that was develooped by Royal Mail in England. It is used for marking the postcodes of letters and parcels in the UK. The system, or one of its variants is also used in other countries. The printed code is optimized for being read at a high speed.

The barcode consists of a number of vertical bars. Each bar has one of four possible states. Four bars are necessary to code one of 36 possible characters. Two of the four bars point upwards, the other two point downwards. RM4SCC uses start and stop symbols. The RM4SCC barcode includes a checksum, which is also encoded as a character. 

There are other barcode systems, which are similar. PostNL, (formerly known as TNT Post), uses a system called KIX which stands for Klant index (Customer index). This system does not use the start and stop characters, and does not include a checksum.

Universal Postal Union has defined a standard how the system should be used.

Note that the code is read and printed at high speed, at which it is usually not possible to print straight lines; for this reason, the lines being "bent" is a normal state.

Sperm bank

A sperm bank (also semen bank) is an enterprise that collects or stores human sperm from sperm donors for use by women who need sperm to get pregnant. 

Sperm banks enable greater control, especially in the relation to access and timing of pregnancies, since they check and screen potential donors. The sperm banks usually 'wash' the sperm sample to extract sperm from the semen.

Tokorozawa Station

Tokorozawa Station (所沢駅,ところざわえき) is a railway station of Seibu in Tokorozawa, Saitama Prefecture, Japan.



Garth Brooks (album)

Garth Brooks is the eponymous debut studio album of American country music artist Garth Brooks, released on April 12, 1989 through Capitol Nashville. It was both a critical and chart success, peaking at #13 on the "Billboard" 200. On the Top Country Albums chart the album peaked at #2 for eight weeks behind Clint Black's Killin' Time. In 2006 "Garth Brooks" was certified Diamond by the RIAA for shipments of 10 million copies in the US.

This album contains Brooks' earliest hits, for instance his first ever single, "Much Too Young (To Feel This Damn Old)", which peaked at #8 on the Country Billboard Charts in 1989. It put the name of an independent cowboy singer, Chris LeDoux, into the mainstream due to the lyric ""The worn out tape of Chris LeDoux"" Two other strong starts include his first #1, "If Tomorrow Never Comes" and the Academy of Country Music's 1990 Song of the Year and Video of the Year, "The Dance" (another #1).

Brooks commented on the album, saying:

Original Release

Limited Series Release

Garth Brooks peaked at #13 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, and peaked at #2 on the Top Country Albums.


Punk rock cover artists Me First and the Gimme Gimmes released a version of 'Much Too Young (To Feel This Damn Old)' as the first track on their October 2006 album Me First and the Gimme Gimmes Love Their Country.

If 'Tomorrow Never Comes' has been covered by Ronan Keating (former lead singer of Irish group Boyzone)

No Fences

No Fences is the second studio album by the American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on August 27, 1990, and reached #1 on "Billboard's" Top Country Albums chart. The album also reached #3 on the "Billboard" 200. On the latter chart it stayed in the top 40 for 126 weeks, only one week less than Shania Twain's "Come On Over", the Soundscan era's record holder. No Fences remains Brooks' best-selling studio album to date with 17 million copies shipped in the US, and is the album that made him an international star. It was his first album issued in Europe (the original European release contained the four singles from his U.S. debut as bonus tracks).

Some of Brooks' most famous songs appear on "No Fences", including: "The Thunder Rolls" (CMA's 1991 Video of the Year), "Friends in Low Places" (Academy of Country Music's 1990 Single of the Year), "Unanswered Prayers" and "Two of a Kind, Workin' on a Full House". A cover version of The Fleetwoods' "Mr. Blue" appears on the album. The album itself was named Album of the Year by the ACM in 1990. It reached Number 1 on the British country music charts (earning Brooks his first gold album in that country) and remained charted for over five years.

The track "Victim of the Game" was later covered by Brooks's friend and future wife Trisha Yearwood for her 1991 eponymous debut album.

Brooks later re-recorded the track "Wild Horses", and released the new recording as a single in early 2001, reaching #7 on the country chart.

Brooks commented on this album, saying:
""No Fences definitely, hands down would be the people's favorite album that we have done so far. It's by far our biggest selling album. With songs like Friends In Low Places, Two of a Kind, Unanswered Prayers, and especially The Thunder Rolls with all the attention it got with the video situation that it went through. It's probably not surprising that this is the biggest selling album of our collection. The number that we have sold surprises me to death, and this is a good time for me to say thanks to those people who have it. To those people who might be thinking about getting Fences, if you do, I hope that you don't feel like you've been let down. It's an album that I stand by, I'm very proud of. An album that I pull out from time to time and listen and hold my head up and say, yeah I'll still stand by it.""


This track was not on the original release of the album. It first appeared when the album was re-released as part of Brooks' first "Limited Series" box set collection, and remained part of subsequent releases of the album until 2014, when it was released digitally for the first time.

"No Fences" peaked at #3 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, and peaked at #1 on the Top Country Albums selling 238,000 copies, his first #1 Country album.


Friends in Low Places
Unanswered Prayers
Wolves


The Chase (album)

The Chase is the fourth studio album by Garth Brooks. The album was released on September 22, 1992.

Greatest Hits (Chris Gaines album)

Greatest Hits, also known as Garth Brooks in... The Life of Chris Gaines, is the only studio album by Chris Gaines. The album was released on September 28, 1999 through Capitol Records.

Darío Barrio

Darío Barrio Domínguez (1972 – 6 June 2014) was a Spanish television chef. He was best known for presenting Cuatro's "Todos contra el chef" for sixteen episodes from 2005 until 2006.

Barrio was born in Madrid and began cooking at the age of fourteen. After studying, he traveled to countries such as France, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United States for thirteen years to cook.

Barrio died in a BASE jumping accident on 6 June 2014 in Segura de la Sierra, Jaén, aged 42. The act was meant to be a tribute to Álvaro Bultó, who died the same way in August 2013.

Autosticha

Autosticha is a moth in the superfamily Gelechoidea. They are basal micromoths, and not much is known about them.


Lotte World

Lotte World is a major recreation complex in [BIG BALLS]], NORTH KOREAn border. It is the world's largest indoor theme park.
Lotty Friends X Centrio Ayala Mall X Pinkfong X Cocomelon


Hana Orgoníková

Hana Orgoníková (8 December 1946 – 5 June 2014) was a Czech politician. She was an MP for the Czech Social Democratic Party (CSDP) from 1989 until her death.

Orgoníková was born in Přibyslav, Czechoslovakia. She was divorced and had two children, Vladimír and Lucie.

Orgoníková died after a long illness on 5 June 2014 in Hradec Králové, Czech Republic, aged 67.


1981–85 Nordic Football Championship

The 1981–85 Nordic Football Championship was the 13th Nordic Football Championship. Four Nordic countries were in the tournament, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Denmark ended up winning their 3rd title.

1978–80 Nordic Football Championship

The 1978–80 Nordic Football Championship was the 12th Nordic Football Championship. Four Nordic countries were in the tournament, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Denmark ended up winning their 2nd title.

Mona Freeman

Monica Elizabeth "Mona" Freeman (June 9, 1926 – May 23, 2014) was an American actress. Her career lasted from 1944 until 1972. Her best known roles were mostly in B-movies. However, she appeared as Mary Wilton in the movie "Angel Face" (1953).

Freeman was born in Baltimore, Maryland. She was of English, Irish and French ancestry.

Freeman was married to Pat Nerney from 1945 until their divorce in 1952. She was later married to H. Jack Ellis from 1961 until his death in 1992. She had a daughter, actress Monie Ellis (born Mona Elizabeth Nerney).

Mona Freeman died after a long illness on May 23, 2014 in Beverly Hills, California, aged 87.

1972–77 Nordic Football Championship

The 1972–77 Nordic Football Championship was the 11th Nordic Football Championship. Four Nordic countries were in the tournament, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. Sweden ended up winning their 9th title.

Micromoth

Micromoths, or microlepidoptera is a group of moth families. They are very common, but much smaller than the more familiar butterflies and moths. They have wingspans of under 20 mm, and are hard to see well enough to identify. 

They have some lifestyles different from the larger lepidoptera, but this is not an identifying mark. The group is not monophyletic, so the term 'micromoth' is just a convenient label. It can be contrasted with macrolepidoptera, the larger types.

Micromoths include no butterflies, but they do have a number of day-flying groups. The coming of digital macrophotography. is making them much easier to identify.

In considering microsize prey, one should see the issue from the perspective of their main predator, which is birds taking larvae to feed their chicks. Birds take a stupendous number of insect larvae to feed their chicks. One kind of defence is to eat food which is distasteful to birds. Many grubs put away ("sequester") poisonous compounds from the plants they eat. That makes them unpalatable to birds and their chicks. Another kind of defence is to be "not worth chasing", when the energy expended by the bird is not worth the energy gained by eating the prey. Micromoths and their microgrubs are not worth chasing for many birds. Thus they gain in having less rigorous predation from their main enemy. Much the same is true of microflies, which are also common. A similar argument explains that bats may go for larger, plumper flying adults where the energy gained is large compared to the energy spent catching them.


Jim Siedow

James Nash "Jim" Siedow (June 12, 1920 – November 20, 2003) was an American actor. He is best known for his role of Drayton "The Cook" Sawyer in "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2".

Forestville, New York

Forestville is a small community in Chautauqua County, New York, United States. The population was 704 at the 2020 census.

Macrolepidoptera

Macrolepidoptera is a group in the insect order Lepidoptera. Originally, it was a catch-all informal term like 'micromoth'. However, it is now reformed to make a good monophyletic group. 

In the reformed Macrolepidoptera, the following superfamilies are included:

The last three make up the Rhopalocera, or butterflies.

Fernandão

Fernando Lúcio da Costa (18 March 1978 – 7 June 2014), better known as Fernandão, was a Brazilian footballer. He played professionally as a striker from 1996 until 2011. He was born in Goiânia, Goiás.

Fernandão first played for Goiás, before moving to France to play for Olympique de Marseille. While playing for Marseille, he was loaned to Toulouse. He later returned to Brazil to play for Internacional from 2004 until 2008. He soon played in Qatar for Al-Gharafa. In 2009, he returned to Goiás for a season. He played his final season for São Paulo in 2010/11. He also played for the national team for one match in 2005. For four months in 2012, he coached Internacional with very little success.

Fernandão was one of five people killed in a helicopter crash on 7 June 2014 in Aruanã, Goiás. He was 36 and died less than a week before the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil. His wife, Fernanda Costa, and his two twin sons, Eloa and Enzo, outlived him.

As I Lay Dying

As I Lay Dying is a 2013 American drama movie. This movie is about losing a mother and the struggles through which a Mississippi family goes. James Franco directed, co-wrote and stars in this movie.

The movie was shot on several locations in Mississippi.

Chestnut, Louisiana

Chestnut is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Chopin, Louisiana

Chopin is an unincorporated communuity in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Flora, Louisiana

Flora is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Elm Grove, Louisiana

Elm Grove is an unincorporated community in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Forbing, Louisiana

Forbing is an unincorporated community in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States. The elevation of Forbing is 203 feet. Caddo Parish is in the Central Time Zone.

Frierson, Louisiana

Frierson is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana, United States. According to the 2020 census, the population was 132.

Piermont, Louisiana

Piermont is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lake End, Louisiana

Lake End is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Grand Bayou, Louisiana

Grand Bayou is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Marthaville, Louisiana

Marthaville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Duraisamy Simon Lourdusamy

Duraisamy Simon Lourdusamy (5 February 1924 – 2 June 2014) was an Indian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the Prefect emeritus of the Congregation for the Oriental Churches in the Roman Curia. He became cardinal in 1985. He was the 4th cardinal from India and the first curial cardinal of Asia outside of the Middle East.

Lourdusamy died in Rome on 2 June 2014, aged 90.

Don Davis (record producer)

Don Davis (October 25, 1938 – June 5, 2014) was a Grammy Award-winning writer and record producer. Davis combined a music career with that of banking. He is known for producing "Money (That's What I Want)", "Bye Bye Baby", "Who's Making Love", and "Disco Lady".

Davis was born in Detroit. He lived in West Bloomfield Township, north of Detroit. Davis died there after a short illness in June 2014, aged 75. He is survived by a wife and three children.

Ado Bayero

Alhaji Dr. Ado Abdullahi Bayero (CFR, LLD, JP) (25 July 1930 – 6 June 2014) was the Emir of Kano in Nigeria from 1963 to his death in 2014. Bayero was seen as one of Nigeria's most famous and revered Muslim leaders.

He was born in Kano, Nigeria. Bayero was targeted for an assassination attempt in late 2013. He survived the attack with minor injuries. He died in Kano, Nigeria from an illness, aged 83.

Tracy Morgan

Tracy Jamal Morgan (born November 10, 1968) is an American actor and comedian. He is best-known for being a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" (SNL) and for his role as Tracy Jordan on the TV series "30 Rock".

Morgan was born in the Bronx and grew up on a housing project in Bedford-Stuyvestant, Brooklyn. He was the second oldest child of Jimmy and Alicia Morgan. In 1987 he left high school before graduating. Already married, he began earning money performing comedy on the streets.

Morgan began finding work as a stand-up comedian. In 1992 he appeared as a guest on Martin Lawrence's TV show "Martin". In 1996 he became a cast member of "SNL". Morgan has appeared in many movies such as "Rio" and its sequel "Rio 2", "G-Force", "Death at a Funeral", "Superhero Movie", and in "Are We There Yet?".

Morgan married his girlfriend Sabrina in 1987. The couple had three sons, born in 1986, 1987 and 1991. They divorced in 2009. Morgan has been engaged since 2011. His fiancée, model Megan Wollover, gave birth to their daughter in 2013. His autobiography, "I Am the New Black" was released in 2009. He had a kidney transplant in 2010. Wollover and Morgan were married in 2015.

In June 2014, Morgan was involved in a six-vehicle accident in New Jersey. He was in critical condition at a New Brunswick hospital. After nine days he was upgraded to fair condition. A passenger in Morgan's vehicle, James McNair, was killed. Morgan was released from the hospital on June 20, 2014 and transferred to a rehabilitation center. He soon made a full recovery.


Get Blake!

Get Blake! (formerly Blake and the Aliens) is a French-American animated television series. It was created by Antonie Guilbaud. The series was made by Marathon Media and Nickelodeon Productions. The series was broadcast on both Gulli and Nickelodeon in France.

The series is about Blake Meyers, an adventurous boy who is destined to one day become a Space Ranger who protects humanity from alien squirrels called "Squaliens". The alien squirrels are sent back in time to prevent Blake from ever becoming the adult hero 

Snot (band)

Snot is an American hardcore punk band from Santa Barbara, California. 

Snot was formed in 1995 by lead singer Lynn Strait and guitarist Mike Doling. The band then signed with Geffen Records and worked on their debut album "Get Some" which was released on May 27, 1997. Snot performed on the Ozzfest 1998 tour. Lead singer Lynn Strait was arrested for indecent exposure in Mansfield, Massachusetts on July 9, 1998 after he was dared by singer Fred Durst to exit nude from the oversized toilet prop that was used by Limp Bizkit in their performances. Strait along with his boxer and band mascot Dobbs died in a six-car crash on December 11, 1998 after a pickup truck struck his car. 

The band would then disband after his death. The band would reunite and disband many times afterwards. Their latest reunion was on February 11, 2014 at the Whisky a Go Go in Hollywood.




Heydar Aliyev Foundation

The Heydar Aliyev Foundation () is a non-profit organization headed by Azerbaijan's First Lady Mehriban Aliyeva. The foundation is named in honor of Azerbaijan's former leader, President of Azerbaijan Heydar Aliyev (1923–2003), who was the father of Aliyeva's husband, the current President of Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev. The headquarters of the Heydar Aliyev Foundation is located in the Azerbaijani capital city Baku.

The foundation was created in 2004, to protect the president's legacy and support a number of educational and charitable projects. The foundation's aim is to develop education, health care, arts, culture, promote Azerbaijan abroad, protect Azerbaijani cultural heritage and improve the welfare of the people.

Carrie Snodgress

Caroline "Carrie" Snodgress (27 October 1945 – 1 April 2004) was an American actress. She played Tina Balser in "Diary of a Mad Housewife". In "The Attic" (1980) she played Louise Elmore.

Snodgress was born on 27 October, 1946 in Park Ridge, Illinois. She died from heart and liver failure in Los Angeles on 1 April 2004. She was age 58.

Across the Tracks

Across the Tracks is a 1991 American independent drama movie. This movie is about two brothers who have gone different ways in the past. They are learning to deal with each other again. Joe is played by Brad Pitt. Carrie Snodgress plays Rosemary Maloney.

Joe Maloney (Brad Pitt) is a straight A student vying for an athletic scholarship to Stanford. He lives with his mother (Carrie Snodgress) in a trailer park in Gardena, CA. His well laid plans for the future are thrown into turmoil when his troubled younger brother Billy (Rick Schroder) is released from Juvenile Detention following his arrest for stealing a car and comes to live with them back home.

Barton Fink

Barton Fink is a 1991 American drama movie. The movie is set in 1941 in Los Angeles. The title character is enjoying success of his first Broadway play. Barton Fink is played by John Turturro.

The movie got very positive reviews, but it did not make much money.

At Play in the Fields of the Lord

At Play in the Fields of the Lord is an epic drama movie of 1991. The movie was based on a 1965 novel. The movie is about a couple of Americans who get stuck in the Brazilian Amazon River. Daryl Hannah plays Andy Huben. Kathy Bates plays Hazel.

The movie got positive reviews from movie critics.

Billy Bathgate (movie)

Billy Bathgate is a 1991 American crime movie. It is based on the novel of the same name. Dustin Hoffman plays Billy Bathgate. Nicole Kidman plays Drew Preston. Steve Buscemi plays Irwin. Bruce Willis plays Bo. This movie is about gangsters in the 1930s in The Bronx.

The movie got mixed reviews by critics. It did not make much money. It was released in November 1991.

Bugsy

Bugsy is a 1991 American crime drama movie. Warren Beatty plays the title character. Annette Bening plays Virginia Hill. Harvey Keitel plays Mickey Cohen. The movie is about Bugsy Siegel, a gangster who works for the New York City mob, goes to California and then falls in love with Virginia Hill.

"Bugsy" received very positive reviews from the critics. It won Academy Awards for Best Costume Design and Best Art Direction-Set Decoration. It was nominated for other Academy Awards, including Best Picture, the Best Director and the Best Cinematography.

The movie was released in December of 1991.

Divergent (novel)

Divergent is the 2011 debut novel of author Veronica Roth. Roth started writing" Divergent" in college, and continued afterwards to write two sequels, "Insurgent" and "Allegiant". The book reached number six on the New York Times Best Sellers lists.

"Divergent" is a dystopian novel about a sixteen year old girl named Beatrice Prior. In this world, everyone is split into five factions: Dauntless the brave, Erudite the smart, Amity the peaceful, Abnegation the selfless, and Candor the honest. However, some people, such as Beatrice, are Divergent, meaning they belong in multiple categories.

The book was adapted into a movie in 2014.

Matched (book)

Matched is a 2010 dystopian novel by Ally Condie. The book was followed by two sequels, 'Crossed' and "Reached".

"Matched" tells the story of seventeen year old Cassia Reyes. She lives in a world where at age seventeen, everyone is matched with who they will marry. You marry at age 21 and have children at age 24. And you die at age 80. However, despite being matched, Cassia finds that she loves someone else.

Keystone species

A keystone species is a species which has a big effect on its environment relative to its numbers. The ecosystem depends on them, and would be much changed if they were not there, such as krill. This is because they affect many other organisms in the ecosystem. They affect the types and numbers of other species in the community. 

Some sea stars (e.g. "Pisaster ochraceus") prey on sea urchins, mussels, and other shellfish that have no other natural predators. If the sea star is removed from the ecosystem, the mussel population explodes uncontrollably. This drives out most other species. The urchin population grows likewise, and destroys coral reefs. Living coral reefs are the habitat for many hundreds of other species.

Some other examples of keystone species are the sea otter, horseshoe crab, and wolves. Sea otters and kelp depend on each other. Without the sea otter, sea urchins would destroy the kelp, and much else in the ecosystem. 

Nicole Eggert

Nicole Eggert (born January 13, 1972) is an American actress. She played Jamie Powell in the television series "Charles in Charge". She played Summer Quinn in "Baywatch".

Eggert was born in Glendale, California.

Judith Godrèche

Judith Godrèche (also Judith Goldreich; born March 23, 1972) is a French actress and author. She has acted in over thirty movies. In "The Art of Love", she played Amèlie. In "Stoker" (2013), she played Doctor Jacquin.

Godrèche was born in Paris, the daughter of two psychotherapists. Her paternal grandparents were Holocaust survivors from Poland, who changed their name from Goldreich. Godrèche left school at age 15, settling into a long-term relationship with older director Benoît Jacquot.


Fire of Manisa

The Fire of Manisa refers to the burning of the city of Manisa, Turkey, by the Greek Army during the Greco-Turkish War (1919-1922). The city was burned between 5 and 8 September 1922. More than 10,000 buildings were destroyed, about 90 percent of the town. Thousands of people died in the flames or were shot dead by the Greeks. Turkish sources claim 4,355 died, and 300 girls were raped.

The city of Manisa was part of the Ottoman Empire, and Turks and Greeks lived there together. The Greeks wanted Manisa to become part of Greece. In May 1919, the Greek Army occupied the town. War continued between Greece and Turkey for three years.

In the summer of 1922, Turkey defeated Greece. The Greeks fled across the Aegean Sea to Greece. During their retreat, the Greeks burned Turkish towns and villages. 

The local Turks fled to the mountains. Most of Manisa was destroyed although the city was later rebuilt. Some Turkish authors wrote about their experiences in Turkish literature.

Some Turkish authors wrote about their experiences in Turkish literature

The Turkish journalist Falih Rıfkı Atay wrote:

Jacques Herlin

Jacques Herlin (17 August 1927 – 7 June 2014) was a French character actor. He was active from 1956 until his death. His acting career stated off as appearing in comedy movies such as "Don Camillo in Moscow" (1965), "Sexy Susan Sins Again" (1968) and "Property Is No Longer a Theft" (1973). His later movies were "National Lampoon's European Vacation" (1985), "A Good Year" (2006), "Of Gods and Men" (2010) and "Farewell, My Queen" (2012).

Herlin was born in Le Vésinet, Yvelines as Jacques de Jouette. Aside from French, he could speak English, German and Italian.

Herlin died on 7 June 2014 at a hospital in Paris, aged 86.

Mel Patton

Melvin Emery "Mel" Patton (November 16, 1924 – May 9, 2014), nicknamed "World's Fastest Human" and "Pell Mell", was an American track and field athlete. He won two gold medals at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, England. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Patton died from cancer and diabetes issues on May 9, 2014 in Fallbrook, California, aged 89.


Jimmy Ellis

James Albert "Jimmy" Ellis (February 24, 1940 – May 6, 2014) was an American heavyweight boxer. He is considered to be among the best boxers of all time. He held the WBA World Heavyweight Championship from 1968 to 1970.

Ellis was born in Louisville, Kentucky to a Christian family. He and wife Mary had six children (two sons and four daughters).

Ellis died from problems caused by dementia on May 6, 2014 at a hospital in Louisville, aged 74.


Billy Bathgate

Billy Bathgate is a 1989 novel by author E. L. Doctorow that won the 1989 National Book Critics Circle award for fiction for 1990, the 1990 PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction, the 1990 William Dean Howells Medal, and was the runner up for the 1990 Pulitzer Prize and the 1989 National Book Award. The story is told in the first person by Billy "Bathgate" Behan, a fifteen-year-old boy who first becomes the gofer and then surrogate son of mobster Dutch Schultz.

Lady tasting tea

Lady tasting tea is the name of a famous randomized experiment designed by Ronald Fisher in 1935. The experiment is the original exposition of Fisher's notion of a null hypothesis. Fisher's description is less than ten pages long and is notable for its simplicity and completeness regarding terminology, calculations and design of the experiment. The example is loosely based on an event in Fisher's life. The lady in question was Muriel Bristol, and the test used was Fisher's exact test.

The lady in question claimed to be able to tell whether the tea or the milk was added first to a cup. Fisher proposed to give her eight cups, four of each variety, in random order. One could then ask what the probability was for her getting the number she got correct, but just by chance.


If and only if the Lady properly categorized all eight cups was Fisher willing to reject the null hypothesis – effectively acknowledging the Lady's ability at a 1.4% significance level (but without quantifying her ability). Fisher later discussed the benefits of more trials and repeated tests.

David Salsburg reports that a colleague of Fisher, H. Fairfield Smith, revealed that in the test, the woman got all eight cups correct. The chance of someone who just guesses getting all correct, assuming she guesses that four had the tea put in first and four the milk, would be only 1 in 70 (the combinations of 8 taken 4 at a time).

In popular science, Salsburg published a book entitled "The Lady Tasting Tea", which describes Fisher's experiment and ideas on randomization. Deb Basu wrote that "the famous case of the 'lady tasting tea'" was "one of the two supporting pillars . . . of the randomization analysis of experimental data".


Plant morphology

Plant morphology or phytomorphology is the study of the physical form and external structure of plants. This is usually considered distinct from plant anatomy, which is the study of the internal structure of plants, especially at the microscopic level. Plant morphology is useful in the visual identification of plants.

Born on the Fourth of July

Born on the Fourth of July is an American 1989 biographical movie. Ron Kovic is played by Tom Cruise. Kyra Sedgwick plays Donna. Holly Marie Combs plays Jenny. The movie is about the Vietnam War and veterans.

This movie was released on December 20, 1989. The movie got very positive reviews from movie critics. It made a lot of money.

The Fabulous Baker Boys

The Fabulous Baker Boys is a 1989 romantic comedy and drama movie. The movie is about jazz music singers who perform for a living. These singers go against a female jazz singer. The female singer makes the brothers look at their relationship and music careers. Michelle Pfeiffer plays Susie. Jeff and Beau Bridges play the singers.

The movie was released on October 13, 1989. The reviews were very positive. The movie was nominated for four Academy Awards. Michelle Pfeiffer won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress.

Death Becomes Her

Death Becomes Her is a 1992 American fantasy and dark comedy movie. This movie is about a couple of childish rivals drinking a magic potion which promises eternal youth. Goldie Hawn plays Helen Sharp. Meryl Streep plays Madeline. Bruce Willis and Isabella Rossellini also star in the movie.

The movie received mixed reviews. It made over $149 million.

The Hand That Rocks the Cradle

The Hand That Rocks the Cradle is a 1992 American thriller movie. It was directed by Curtis Hanson.

It is about a psychopathic nanny who wants to take over the family of another woman, who she blames for the suicide of her husband (after he was accused of sexual assault by the protagonist), the miscarriage of her unborn baby and the loss of her house and wealth. 


"The Hand That Rocks the Cradle" opened in January 1992. This movie got positive reviews. Its box office was also positive.

Movie locations were Issaquah, Washington; Seattle, Washington (Mott's residence at 2502 37th Ave W in Seattle); and the Bartels' residence at 808 N. Yakima Ave. Tacoma, Washington.


Charminar

The Charminar is a monument and mosque in Hyderabad, India. The structure was built in 1591 AD. It is the most famous building of Hyderabad and also one of the most famous buildings in India. It was built by Muhammad Quli Qutb Shahi to celebrate the end of a deadly plague. The Charminar lies near the bank of the river Musi. It is close to Laad Bazaar and Makkah Masjid. Charminar is taken from two words "Char" and "Minar" which translate as "Four Towers" in English.

Some people say that Charminar was the first structure to be constructed in the newly built city of Hyderabad. It is said that Quli Qutab Shah prayed for the end of the plague and vowed to build a mosque if it was eradicated. Mir Momin Astarabadi, the prime minister of Qutb Shah played an important role in the design and layout of Charminar and the city of Hyderabad. The structure is of Indo-Islamic architecture with some Persian elements.

Hoffa

Hoffa is a 1992 French-American biographical crime drama movie directed by Danny DeVito, written by David Mamet and starring Jack Nicholson as Jimmy Hoffa. It received mixed reviews.

Gram staining

Gram staining (or Gram's method) is a way of classifying bacteria into two large groups: gram-positive and gram-negative. The name comes from its inventor, Hans Christian Gram.

Gram's method stains bacteria according to the chemical and physical properties of their cell walls. First, a violet dye is put on the bacteria. This dye stains peptidoglycan, a thick layer that is only found in gram-positive bacteria. After the first stain, another stain (usually safranin or fuchsin) gives all gram-negative bacteria a red or pink colour.

The Gram stain is almost always the first step in the identification of a bacterial organism. However, not all bacteria can be classified by this technique. Bacteria for which the method does not work are called 'gram-variable' or 'gram-indeterminate'.

Gram developed the technique working with another scientist, Carl Friedländer in a hospital in Berlin. However, Gram first used the test to make bacteria in the lungs easier to see. He published his finished method in 1884.

Angie (movie)

Angie is a 1994 American romantic comedy-drama movie. The movie is about the title character, whom some people have troubles understanding. Geena Davis plays the title character. Aida Turturro plays Tina, and James Gandolfini plays Vinnie.

The movie received mixed reviews. It didn't make much money.

Blue Sky

Blue Sky is a 1994 drama movie. The movie is about problems involving mental illness and job issues. Jessica Lange plays Carly. Tommy Lee Jones plays Hank Marshall. 

This movie got mostly positive reviews. It was released on September 16, 1994.

Mary McDonnell

Mary Eileen McDonnell (born April 28, 1952) is an American movie, theatre and television actress. 

She got Academy Award nominations for her roles as Stands With A Fist in "Dances with Wolves" and May-Alice Culhane in "Passion Fish".

McDonnell is well known for her performances as President Laura Roslin in "Battlestar Galactica", First Lady Marilyn Whitmore in "Independence Day", and Rose in "Donnie Darko".

She featured as Captain Sharon Raydor during seasons 5–7 of the TNT series "The Closer" and starred as Commander Sharon Raydor in the spin-off series "Major Crimes" on the same network.

In 2023, she had a main role as Madeleine Usher in the horror limited series "The Fall of the House of Usher" by Netflix.

She was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.


Vincent Chalvon-Demersay

Vincent Chalvon-Demersay is a French producer and executive producer. He is the creator of the animated series "Team Galaxy", "Totally Spies", "Martin Mystery" and "The Amazing Spiez!" He recently resigned as president of Marathon Media. He however still works at Marathon Media.


Clarence Darrow

Clarence Darrow (April 18, 1857 – March 13, 1938) was an American lawyer and leading member of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU). He was the son of Eddy and Amirus Darrow, a furniture manufacturer and dealer Amirus Darrow had originally trained as a minister,but just before his ordination he experienced a crisis of faith that led him to question the existence of God and the notion of life after death. Darrow briefly attended Allegheny College in Meadville, Pennsylvania, then taught school for several years before enrolling at the University of Michigan Law School.

He is known for the famous trials he worked on like the Scopes trial about teaching evolution in schools, and the Leopold and Loeb murder trial. Sometimes he was called a "sophisticated country lawyer". His humor during trials, and his willingness to support civil rights, made him a famous lawyer.

Darrow spent the remaining years of his life in near seclusion. He died of heart disease at the age of eighty, respected by some and despised by others as a colorful rebel who was always willing to take on unpopular causes in the firm belief that they were the right ones to back-regardless of their impact on his career and his finances.

Lily Collins

Lily Jane Collins (born 18 March 1989) is an English actress and model. She played Collins Tuohy in "The Blind Side". She also played Rosie Dunne in "Love, Rosie" in 2014.

Collins was born in Surrey, England. She is the daughter of drummer Phil Collins.

Alexandra Krosney

Alexandra Benjamin Krosney (born January 28, 1988) is an American movie and television actress. She played Kristin Baxter in the ABC sitcom "Last Man Standing". She also played Cindy in "Barely Lethal".

Krosney was born in Los Angeles.

Leah Pipes

Leah Marie Pipes (born August 12, 1988) is an American actress. She played Sarah in the series "Cousin Sarah". She also played Katie Clarke in "Life is Wild".

Pipes was born in Los Angeles.

Sakari Momoi

Momoi worked as teacher of chemistry at secondary schools in Fukushima and Saitama, and served as rector of Hanawa Fukushima Prefectural Technical High School 1948 to 1951 and Saitama Prefectural Yono High School 1953 to 1959.

Momoi was recognized by Guinness World Records as the oldest living man on 20 August 2014, and said he wanted to live longer, at least two years more. He died of kidney failure on 5 July 2015 and was succeeded as the oldest living man by Yasutaro Koide, also a Japanese man.

Katrina Bowden

Katrina Bowden (born September 19, 1988) is an American actress. She played Cerie on the television show "30 Rock" (2006-2013). She played Mia in "American Reunion".

Bowden was born in Wyckoff, New Jersey.

Pierre Richard

Pierre Richard (born Pierre Richard Maurice Charles Léopold Defays (born 16 August 1934) is a popular French actor and comedian. He is known for playing a clumsy daydreamer in French comedy movies. He worked with many famous French directors such as Louis de Funès and Gérard Depardieu. He is also a singer and movie director.


Louis de Funès

Louis de Funès (31 July 1914 – 27 January 1983), born Louis Germain David de Funès de Galarza, was a popular French actor and comedian. He is known for working with Bourvil and Fernandel. He was also a movie director. He appeared in over 200 movies since his career began in 1945.

He died from a massive stroke in Nantes, Loire-Atlantique, France, aged 68.

Colleen Moore

Kathleen Harrison (aka Colleen Moore; August 19, 1899 – January 25, 1988) was an American movie actress. She had most of her success in the silent era. Moore played Ruth in "The Bad Boy". She also played Mary in "Her Bridal Nightmare". Her career lasted until 1934.

From 1928 to 1935, Moore worked with about 100 people to make a very small "Fairy Castle." It is now a regular exhibit at The Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago.

Moore was born in Port Huron, Michigan. She died of cancer in Paso Robles, California at 88.

Irene Rich

Irene Frances Luther (aka Irene Rich; October 13, 1891 – April 22, 1988) was an American movie actress who also worked in radio. She played Stephanie in "A Law Unto Herself". She also played Marga in "Her Purchase Price".

Rich was born in Buffalo, New York. She died in the Hope Ranch district of Santa Barbara, California of heart failure. Rich was 96.

Ella Raines

Ella Raines (August 6, 1920 – May 30, 1988) was an American movie and television actress. She played Carol Richman in the movie "Phantom Lady". She also played Arly in the movie "Tall in the Saddle". 

Raines was born in Snoqualmie Falls, Washington. She died in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, California from throat cancer, aged 67.

Leslie Thomas

Leslie Thomas, (22 March 1931 – 6 May 2014) was a Welsh journalist and author. His best known works where his comic novels "The Virgin Soldiers" (1966) and "Dangerous Davies, the Last Detective" (1976). "The Virgin Soldiers" was made into a movie in 1969 and a sequel in 1977, while "Dangerous Davies, the Last Detective" was made into an ITV television series starring Peter Davison. The series ran for 17 episodes from 2003 to 2007.

Thomas was born in Newport, Monmouthshire. He was became an orphan at the age of 12, when his mariner father was lost at sea and his mother died only a few months later from cancer.

Thomas after a long illness on 6 May 2014 near Salisbury, Wiltshire, aged 83. His wife, Diana, and their four children outlived him.

I'm Coming Out

"I'm Coming Out" is a song released in 1980. It was recorded by Diana Ross in 1979.

Dyatlov Pass incident

The Dyatlov Pass incident is an unsolved mystery to the deaths of nine ski hikers in the northern Ural mountains on the night of February 2, 1959. The incident happened on the east shoulder of the mountain Kholat Syakhl (Холат-Сяхыл, a Mansi name, meaning Dead Mountain). The mountain pass where the incident occurred has since been named "Dyatlov Pass" (Перевал Дятлова) after the group's leader, Igor Dyatlov (Игорь Дятлов). To this day, the incident has not been solved.

A group was formed for a ski trek across the northern Urals in Sverdlovsk Oblast. The group, led by Igor Dyatlov, consisted of eight men and two women. Most were students or graduates of "Ural Polytechnical Institute" ("Уральский Политехнический Институт", УПИ), now Ural Federal University:

It is not known what happened to the hikers. The most likely thing is that an avalanche hit them, and some of them struggled on until they died of cold and exposure. Only one hiker who left the group before the event happened survived. Six of the group members died of hypothermia and three of fatal injuries.

There are many conspiracy theories towards what killed the hikers. Many Russians believe that a local tribe called the Mansi people killed them for trespassing on their property. Others believe that the military had something to do with their death. High levels of radiation was found on their clothing so some believe that a missile misfired and crashed nearby the hikers.

Investigators at the time discovered that the hikers tore open their tent from inside, ran barefoot into heavy snow and a temperature of . Although the corpses showed no signs of struggle, two victims had fractured skulls, two had broken ribs, and one was missing parts of her face such as her tongue.



J. Stanley Marshall

J. Stanley Marshall (January 27, 1923 – June 8, 2014) was an American academic. He was president of Florida State University from 1969 to 1976. He also helped establish the James Madison Institute in 1987. 

Marshall was born in Cheswick, Pennsylvania. He was married to Shirley Slade of Longview, Texas for over fifty years.

Marshall died from heart failure on June 8, 2014 in Tallahassee, Florida, aged 91. He suffered a heart attack in May and died in hospice care.

Steven Bochco

Steven Ronald Bochco (born December 16, 1943) was an American television producer and writer. He created a number of popular television hits including "Hill Street Blues", "L.A. Law", "Doogie Howser, M.D.", and "NYPD Blue". He also had unsuccessful series including "Cop Rock". He won Emmy Awards for his writing in 1981 and 1987.

James Sikking

James Barrie Sikking (born March 5, 1934), credited as James B. Sikking, is an American actor known for his Emmy Award-nominated role as Lt. Howard Hunter on the 1980s NBC TV series "Hill Street Blues". He also starred on the ABC TV series "Doogie Howser, M.D." as Dr. David Howser.


Chi Chil Tah, New Mexico

Chi Chil Tah (also Cheechilgeetho, Gahyazhi, Jones Ranch, Tse Chil Tah) is an unincorporated community in McKinley County, New Mexico, United States.

Gambit (2012 movie)

Gambit is a 2012 British-American comedy movie directed by Michael Hoffman. It stars Colin Firth, Cameron Diaz, Alan Rickman and Stanley Tucci. It was released in November 21, 2012 in the United Kingdom and on April 25, 2014 in the United States.


Tom Courtenay

Sir Thomas Daniel "Tom" Courtenay (born 25 February 1937) is an English actor. His career began during the 1960s. He is known for his roles in "The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner" (1962), "Billy Liar" (1963), "Doctor Zhivago" (1965), "The Dresser" (1983), and in "Last Orders". 

He won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in 1983 and a BAFTA TV Award for Best Actor in 1999.


LL Cool J

James Todd Smith (born January 14, 1968) is an American rapper and actor. He is known professionally as LL Cool J (Ladies Love Cool James).

He currently stars on the CBS crime drama television series "" as Special Agent Sam Hanna. As a rapper, he has released thirteen studio albums. Some of his most well known songs are "Mama Said Knock You Out", "I'm Bad", "Rock the Bells", "I Can't Live Without My Radio", and "The Boomin' System". His last album "Authentic" was released on April 30, 2013.

Cool J is married to his wife Simone and is a Christian.





The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea

The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea is a 2000 American-Danish direct-to-video animated musical fantasy movie. It was produced by Leslie Hough and David Lovegren and was directed by Jim Kammerud and Brian Smith. It is the sequel to the 1989 movie "The Little Mermaid" and is the last movie in Disney's The Little Mermaid chronology. The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea was released on September 19, 2000 in the North America. The movie about Ariel and Eric's daughter Melody who wants to swim in the ocean but her parents will not allow her to. It takes place over a decade after the original movie. A prequel, "", was released in 2008.

The movie holds a 33% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


In addition, there's the additional voices cast:


Pooh's Heffalump Halloween Movie

Pooh's Heffalump Halloween Movie is a 2005 American direct-to-video animated movie. It was produced by John A. Smith and was directed by Elliot M. Bour and Saul Andrew Blinkoff. It is a sequel to "Pooh's Heffalump Movie" which was released in February 11, 2005.
Pooh's Heffalump Halloween Movie was released on September 13, 2005 in North America. The movie is about Lumpy the Heffalump's adventure with his friends during his first Halloween with them.

It is the first Winnie the Pooh movie since Paul Winchell's death and is the last movie to feature John Fiedler as the voice of Piglet, as Fielder died in 2005.


Additional voices were provided by Travis Oates and Tara Strong. Oates also provided additional dialogue for Piglet since John Fiedler died in 2005, right before the movie was released.


Salpicon

Salpicon is a something people can make for cooking. In a salpicon, ingredients that are diced, cut into small cube-like pieces, and cooked with a sauce or other liquid. Sometimes salpicon is used as stuffing. 

Salpicons can be made with meat, vegetables or fruits.

The word "salpicon" is used in different ways in French, Spanish, Central American and Latin American cuisine.

Taiwan Province

Taiwan Province () is one of the two provinces of the Republic of China. It makes up 73% of the land controlled by the Republic of China. 40% of the people in the Republic of China live in this province. The capital of the province is Chung Hsing New Village in Nantou County.

The province is made up of most of the island of Taiwan, and also the Penghu islands. Even though the special municipalities of Kaoshiung, Tainan, New Taipei, and Taipei are all on Taiwan island, they are not part of Taiwan Province. 

The province has a Provincial Council with 9 members, led by a Governor of Taiwan Province. 



Lin Junq-tzer

Lin Junq-tzer () is a politician in the Republic of China. He has been the Governor of Taiwan Province since 26 February 2010.


National Anthem of the Republic of China

The national anthem of the Republic of China, also unofficially known as Sān Mín Zhǔyì ('The Tridemism'), was originally created by a Sūn Yìxiān speech in 1924 and was set to music by Chéng Màoyún a few years later when the Guómíndǎng adopted new a new flag and emblem. The anthem was later adopted for the Republic of China in 1937, then officially in 1943. A bit later, when the Japanese surrendered, this song became official in the island of Taiwan. When the communists took control of the mainland in 1949, repelling the nationalists to Taiwan, this anthem became banned in the mainland but continues to be in use in Taiwan to this day alongside the national banner anthem.

.Your country to save,

Scopes trial

The Scopes trial is formally known as "The State of Tennessee v. John Thomas Scopes". It is also referred to as the Scopes monkey trial. 

It was a famous American legal case in 1925. A substitute high school teacher, John Scopes, was accused of violating Tennessee's Butler Act. This Act made it unlawful to teach human evolution in any state-funded school. The trial was deliberately staged in order to attract publicity to the small town of Dayton, Tennessee, where it was held. 

Scopes was unsure whether he had ever actually taught evolution but he purposely incriminated himself so that the case could have a defendant. 

Scopes was found guilty and fined $100, but the verdict was overturned on a technicality. The trial served its purpose of drawing intense national publicity. National reporters came to Dayton to cover the big-name lawyers who had agreed to represent each side. William Jennings Bryan, three-time presidential candidate, argued for the prosecution, while Clarence Darrow, the famed defense attorney, spoke for Scopes. 

The trial publicized the Fundamentalist–Modernist Controversy. This set "Modernists", who said evolution was not inconsistent with religion, against Fundamentalists, who said the word of God as revealed in the Bible took priority over all human knowledge. The case was thus seen as both a theological contest and a trial on whether modern evolutionary biology should be taught in schools.

The Tennessee law was not repealed until 1967.

Leopold and Loeb

Leopold and Loeb were Nathan Freudenthal Leopold, Jr. (November 19, 1904 – August 29, 1971) and Richard Albert Loeb (June 11, 1905 – January 28, 1936).

They were two wealthy University of Chicago law students who kidnapped and murdered 14-year-old Robert "Bobby" Franks in 1924 in Chicago.

The duo was motivated to murder Franks by their desire to commit a perfect crime.They committed the murder – characterized at the time as "the crime of the century". They wanted to show that they were very intelligent. They believed this allowed them to carry out a "perfect crime" without consequences.

Once arrested, Leopold and Loeb hired Clarence Darrow as counsel for the defense. Darrow’s summation in their trial criticized capital punishment as retribution, rather than rehabilitation. Leopold and Loeb were sentenced to life imprisonment. Loeb was killed by a fellow prisoner in 1936; Leopold was released on parole in 1958.

The Leopold and Loeb crime has been the inspiration for several works in film, theatre, and fiction, such as the 1929 play "Rope" by Patrick Hamilton, and Alfred Hitchcock's take on the play in the 1948 film of the same name. Later movies such as "Compulsion" and "Swoon" were more accurate portrayals of the Leopold and Loeb case.

Ch'eng Mao-yün

Cheng Maoyun (; 25 August 1900 – 31 July 1957) was a Chinese musician and a professor at National Central University and Hangzhou Societal University (杭州社會大學). He wrote the music of the "National Anthem of the Republic of China".

Chen was born in 1990 in Xinjian to a family of officials. He studied music in Jiangxi Provincial Higher Normal School. 

The official university song of the National Central University, now in Taiwan, was also composed by Cheng. 

Chang Jin-fu

Chang Jin-fu () is a politician in the Republic of China. He was the Governor of Taiwan Province from 2009 to 2010.

Chang was born in Taipei County in 1948. He received his bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from National Taiwan University (NTU) in 1970 and his doctoral degree in electrical engineering and computer science from the University of California, Berkeley in United States in 1977.


Anne Shirley

Dawn Evelyeen Paris (also: Anne Shirley; April 17, 1918 – July 4, 1993) was an American movie actress. She played Jeanne in "Chasing Yesterday". She also played Jenny Yates in "Chatterbox". 

Under the name Dawn O'Day, Shirley was a child actress.

Shirley was born in New York City. She died from lung cancer at age seventy-five.

Colleen Dewhurst

Colleen Dewhurst (June 3, 1924 – August 22, 1991) was an American and Canadian actress. She played Helen Benson in "Man on a String". She also played Monique in "The Last Run". She was also a stage actress.

Dewhurst was born in Montreal, Quebec. She died in South Salem, New York of cervical cancer at the age of 67.

Peg + Cat

Peg + Cat is an American-Canadian animated children's television series based on the children's book "The Chicken Problem", which was published in 2020. The series is created by Billy Aronson and Jennifer Oxley. The series focuses on a young girl named Peg and her talking pet cat, named Cat. The show teaches the viewer math. Peg and Cat's adventures often relate to math. Peg speaks directly to the viewers and encourages them to follow along with the episode's plot.

It started on most PBS Kids stations on November 18, 2013. It has a voice cast which includes Hayley Faith Negrin, Dwayne Hill, Annick Obonsawin and Thamela Mpumlwana.

2 seasons of 63 episodes
Paper plane

A paper plane is a toy airplane made from paper. The paper is folded in a certain way so that the folded paper actually glides. This is a form of origami; the Japanese art of paper folding. Paper planes were used originally for testing real airplanes. Today the making of paper planes is a hobby and a craft.

Takuo Toda holds the world record for the longest time in air (27.9 seconds). The distance record () was set by Joe Ayoob, with a plane constructed by John Collins, in February 2012. but was broken on the 14th of April 2022 by 3 South Korean men with a distance of 77 metres

Abbott Laboratories

The Abbott Laboratories are an American pharmaceuticals and health care company. They have 90,000+ employees in over 130 countries. The headquarters are in North Chicago, Illinois. This organization was established by Wallace Calvin Abbott in 1888. Abbott's product line includes pharmaceuticals, nutritional, diagnostics, and vascular products. 

The company has made drugs for rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes and other conditions. The company makes glucose monitoring devices for diabetics.

According to the Reuters report, Abbott acquired Alere for $4.48 billion, in April 2017.

In September 2017,  Abbott announced that it has received Food and Drug Administration clearance for a consumer version of its Freestyle Libre flash glucose monitor, which does not require people with diabetes to routinely prick their fingers to check the glucose levels.


Archie Bunker

Archibald "Archie" Bunker is a fictional New Yorker of the 1970s top rated situation comedy "All in the Family". Also its related TV show "Archie Bunker's Place". He was played by actor Carroll O'Connor. Bunker, the family patriarch, was a World War II veteran and blue-collar worker. He was a family man and a conservative. He was first seen when "All in the Family" premiered on January 12, 1971.

Carroll O'Connor

John Carroll O'Connor (or just Carroll O'Connor; August 2, 1924 – June 21, 2001) was an American actor. He played Archie Bunker in "All in the Family" and "Archie Bunker's Place". He also played Major General Colt in the movie "Kelly's Heroes". 

O'Connor was born in Manhattan, New York City. He died from complications of diabetes at 76.

Fluvial terrace

Fluvial terrace is an abandoned floodplain with a long, narrow stairs that were formed when the river flowed at a higher level than at present. Fluvial terraces consist of two parts; a tread, which is the flat surface at the upper side of fluvial terrace, and a scarp, which is the steep slope connecting the tread to the downside. 

Fluvial terraces are divided into Rock terraces or gravel terraces according to structure materials. They are classified as Tectonic terraces or Climate terraces depending on how they were formed.
Erosional terraces are terraces where the tread has been formed primarily by lateral erosion. During a low water level stage, fine sediment is deposited and coarse sediment is deposited at the end of a high water event. When the river reaches its highest level, it moves all the channel sediment and scours the underlying bedrock before coarse detritus is deposited again on the channel floor.

Depositional terraces are terraces where the tread represents the surface of a valley fill. Valley filling occurs when the amount of sediment produced in a basin is more than the river system can carry away. It is usually triggered by glacial outwash, climate change, or change in base level, slope, or load caused by rising water level. Depositional terraces are climatically controlled. Erosional terraces are tectonically controlled..

Iditarod

The Iditarod is the world’s most famous dog sled race. It is an annual race that starts on the first Saturday of March in Anchorage, Alaska and ends in Nome, Alaska. The race crosses the Alaska Range and Kuskokwim Mountains range. The contestants in the race go northwest from Anchorage. Then they turn north and go along the Bering Sea to Nome. On even years they take the route that goes more north and on odd years they take the route that goes more south. White Mountain is the last of three rest stops for teams in the race. 

Iditarod is an endurance sport for the sled driver and the dogs. All the paths are cold, icy, and snowy.

The current way the Iditarod is run today started in 1973. There were also shorter races that started in 1967. The first shorter race took place in the years from 1967 - 1973. The shorter races were held on the Iditarod trail which was an old mail route.

Deaths of sled dogs: 3 sled dogs died during the race in 2024.
Each team has to keep moving for 1,100 miles.

12 to 16 dogs are in the race.



Gracie Gold

Gracie Gold (born August 17, 1995) is an American figure skater.

Gracie Gold was born on August 17, 1995 in Newton, Massachusetts. When she was four years old her family moved to Springfield, Illinois. At a skating birthday party when she was eight years old, she began to try figure skating. After that party she signed up for lessons. She was a natural; she soon was landing double axels. 

After awhile her hard work wasn't paying off. She kept getting low scores! Around a year before the Sochi, Olympics Gracie's relationship with her coach, Alex Ouriashev had completely crumbled. A little while after that Gracie switched coaches. She switched to Frank Carroll and this switch took her mother and sister Carly Gold with her to Hermosa Beach, Los Angeles. Frank Carroll’s experience with coaching other Olympians like Evan Lysacek, Michelle Kwan, Tim Goebel, Linda Fratianne and Denis Ten helped and inspired Gracie. Going to the Olympics gave a lot of stress to her. She would stress about being an Olympian and would stress out about all of the mistakes she would make in practice. Sometimes to calm down Gracie would juggle. She had to learn how to relax while doing her triple axels and how to save a jump if she started off wrong. Gracie also had to learn how to make her performance still look good to the judges, even after a fall. Later, after all of this training Gracie was ready to compete in competitions like the Midwestern sectional, The U.S. Championships, and the U.S. International Classic. In almost all of her later competitions she did better than the firsts. This helped her earn her spot in the 2014 Sochi, Olympics. 

Gracie got a bronze medal from the Olympics, she got this from the team event. In the Ladies free skate, and short program she was placed fourth. Gracie is eager to return to Olympic Ice in the 2018 Winter Olympics. 


Mikaela Shiffrin

Mikaela Shiffrin (born March 13, 1995) is an American skier. Her first time at the Winter Olympic Games was during the 2014 Winter Olympics at Sochi, Russia. Before these Olympics, Mikaela had competed in other national and international competitions. 

Mikaela Shiffrin was born on March 13, 1995 in Vail, Colorado. Her father, Jeff, skied at Dartmouth College. Her mother, Eileen, came from a Massachusetts family who loved skiing. She has an older brother named Taylor who is also a skier at the University of Denver. When Mikaela was eight her family moved to New Hampshire. Her father got a job at the Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center.

Shiffrin competed in her first international competition at age fifteen. Later that year she joined another international competition and got a gold medal in slalom. By the end of the season she had won four World Cup competitions as well as a slalom title. This made her the youngest person to win a World Cup title. Mikaela Shiffrin was also the youngest ever to win an Olympic gold medal in the slalom. She won one of the five gold medals won by the American Alpine team. In addition to her gold medal, Shiffrin has one gold medal from the world championships and one bronze medal from the Junior World Ski Championships. She has had eight total wins at the World Championships. 

Gayageum

The gayageum or kayagum is a traditional Korean zither-like string instrument. It has 12 strings, though some more recent variants have 21 or other numbers of strings. It is probably the best known traditional Korean musical instrument. Its body is made of Paulownia wood.

According to Samguksagi ( the three kingdoms history book), the first gayageum was made for King Gasil in the 6th century. This was after he observed a Chinese musical instrument. He ordered a musician named Wu Ruk to compose music for this new instrument. The original name was "gayago". It was further improved by Wu Ruk.

There are two types. The "beobgeum gayageum" is 160cm long by 30cm wide by 10cm deep. Its body is made of a single piece of paulownia wood. The resonator chamber is hollowed out of the wood body. It is used in court music.

The "sanjo gayageum" is about 142cm long by 23cm wide by 10cm deep. The soundboard is made of paulownia, but the sides and back are of a harder wood such as chestnut or walnut. It is used in folk music.

The player usually sits cross-legged. The gayageum is played put on the player’s knee (usually the right knee). One hand plucks the strings to make a sound. The other hand decorates the sound by pressing, shaking, and vibrating the strings. 


Legal guardian

The goal of a legal guardian is to protect a person who cannot make decisions on their own. The legal guardian makes decisions for the person who needs protection. Usually, a legal guardian has to be appointed (chosen) by a court. Before a court appoints a guardian for a person, it first has to decide that the person is incompetent (unable to make decisions on their own).

A court may choose a legal guardian for a minor child (a child under a certain age) in many different situations:


A court may also choose a legal guardian for an adult. This happens when the court decides the adult is incompetent. The court appoints a legal guardian to help protect the incompetent person (who is called a ward). The legal guardian then has the right to make legal decisions for the ward.

Legal guardians get chosen in a few different ways.

Sometimes a parent will write a will, which explains their last wishes in case they die. In the will, they can say who they want to take care of their child if the parent dies. If the parent dies, a court still has to approve the person named in the will as the child's new guardian. The new guardian does not have to be a blood relative of the parent or child.

If someone (like a person's doctor, psychiatrist, or family member) thinks that a person is incompetent, they may ask a court to choose a legal guardian. In the United States, the court must hold a hearing to decide whether the person needs a guardian. The person must be given a lawyer, and the court must listen to arguments from both sides. If the court decides that the person needs a guardian, the court will choose one. That guardian may be a family member, a friend, or a stranger.

In the United States, when a court chooses a legal guardian, the court has to say specifically what decisions the guardian will be able to make for their ward. For example, a court might say the guardian can only make medical decisions for their ward. The ward will still have the right to make any other decisions that are not medical decisions.

Different states have different laws about types of guardianships and what decisions guardians can make. In Massachusetts, a court can appoint a Rogers Guardian, who can only make decisions about their ward's psychiatric (mental health) medicines. The ward still has the right to make any other decisions that are not about medications. In other states, like Pennsylvania, a court can appoint a plenary guardian, who has the right to make all decisions for the ward. The ward has no right to make any important decisions for himself or herself.

Kazu Kibuishi

Kazu Kibuishi is the writer and artist of "Copper", a comic strip. He also wrote Amulet which is a series of graphic novels which are like comic books. He was born 1978, in Tokyo, Japan. He moved to the United States in 1982. He lives in Alhambra, California. He has a degree in film studies from the University of California. He is married to who is a comic book artist and illustrator.

He is a writer, editor, illustrator, art director, comic book artist, graphic novelist, producer, and animator. He’s an animator at Shaded Box which is an animation, commercial, and video game studio. Animators make movies and cartoons. 

"Copper" follows the quests of an intelligent dog and his owner in a world of steampunk technology and fiction. The series continues to appear on the Internet and gains him quite a few fans.


Albert Pujols

José Alberto Pujols Alcántara (also known as Albert Pujols) is a star baseball player from the Dominican Republic. 

Pujols was born on January 16, 1980 in Santo Domingo, the capital of the Dominican Republic. When he was 16, Pujols's family moved to Missouri. He learned English at Fort Osage High School and later studied to be an American citizen. 

He went to Maple Woods Community College and posted a .461 on-base average (which means he got on base 461 times out of every 1,000 at-bats). 

At age 19, Pujols was drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals. He was a very low draft pick (402nd in the 13th round of the draft). He played his first season with one of the Cardinals' minor league teams, the Peoria Chiefs. 

After one full season with the Chiefs, Pujols got onto the Cardinals' roster after a teammate got injured. Later two of the Cardinals' best players also got injured, and Pujols became a regular player. In his first season with the Cardinals, he had 37 RBIs and 130 home runs, and posted a .329 on-base average. He won the Rookie of the Year Award, earning every vote. 

In 2002, Pujols was the runner-up for the Most Valuable Player Award, and the Cardinals reached the National League Championship Series.

In 2005, the Baseball Writers of America voted Pujols the National League's Most Valuable Player.

In 2006, the Cardinals won the World Series. Pujols was also named to the National League All-Star Team that year. 

Since 2006, Pujols has won many awards, like the Players' Choice Most Outstanding Player Award, the Players' Choice Player of the Year Award, and the National League Home Run Award.


Grandaddy

Grandaddy is an American indie rock band formed in California in 1992 by singer/guitarist/keyboardist Jason Lytle, bassist Kevin Garcia, and drummer Aaron Burtch.

Complex Party Come Theories is their first work. After that, they got new guitarist Jim Fairchild and keyboardist Tim Dryden. They released EP A Pretty Mess By This One Band in 1996, and their first full-length album Under The Western Freeway in 1997. “Summer Here Kids”, one of the songs in Under The Western Freeway, earned Single of the Week honors in NME. In 2000, in Sophftware Slump, they created vintage, electronic, drift-off music. In , Concrete Dunes was released, without the band's permission. In 2003, the group released another album, Sumday, and received good reviews. In 2006, Just Like the Fambly Cat was released. 

After the album, the band broke up in 2005. They did not do Just Like the Fambly Cat tour concert. The band was utterly content and happy about the decision to end Grandaddy. In the song 'Elevate Myself', he says "I don't wanna work all night and day. On writing songs that make the young girls cry." Other members all worked in their own field, but Jim Fairchild was still working with music. He joined a guitarist in Modest Mouse tour, and he released his first solo album, Ten Readings of a Warning. In 2012, the band reunited for Outside Lands Festival in San Francisco. In the same year, they played in End of the Road Festival. No album has been released since then. 

In an interview, Jason Lytle tell why the band name got their name Grandaddy; They realized that they are too ugly to seduce young women, so they try to appeal to old women, just like Morrissey. Birds frequently appear in their album cover, because birds are beautiful and colorful, and they can sing.

Grandaddy's music has features in the late 90s lo-fi indie rock. Their music has the catchy melodies that they are able to create with the synths and distorted guitars. Most of their musics are slow and emotional. Also, they used electronics. Their lyrics are mostly vague and abstract, but inventive. The album's most enduring image is a man sipping a beer and strumming an acoustic guitar in quiet, beautiful countryside. The Sophtware Slump is generally regarded as the band's masterpiece, but other albums like Under the Western Freeway are popular, too.

Executive Yuan

The Executive Yuan (EY; ) is the executive branch of the government of the Republic of China (ROC).

It is led by the Premier of the ROC. It has a Vice-Premier and eleven cabinet ministers. It also has from five to nine ministers without portfolio as its members. The vice premier, ministers, and chairpersons are chosen by the President of the ROC. This is on the recommendation of the premier.

It was started in 1948. The EY is one of the five branches of government of the ROC under their constitution.


Jean Fritz

Jean Guttery Fritz (16 November 1915 – 14 May 2017) was an American children's writer and historian. Her parents were Arthur Minton and Myrtle Guttery. They were missionaries. Missionaries are people who set out on a mission to teach others about their religion.

Fritz lived in China until she was 13 years old. She learned to speak Chinese before she learned English. In 1928 the family returned to the United States. As a child of missionaries she used her writing as a “private place.” She wrote her thoughts, feelings, and emotions. She also wrote down anything she thought about. Fritz wrote it all down. She wrote about many different things. Sometimes she copied some sections of poems and books that Fritz had read. She liked to read different poets and authors.

Later in life these things she had written about turned into the books that she later wrote. On 1 November 1942 Fritz married Michael Fritz The couple later had two children. They were named David and Andrea.

Fritz has a record for writing information flooded, true books about real things that happened in history. She had been amazed about what had happened during the time of the American Revolution. She learned a great deal of information on the topic. It was really interesting to her. She wrote a handful of children's books about key figures and events that happened during that time. Most books she wrote are non-fictional children's’ books. Fritz has written some novels. She wrote a novel called "Brady". She dived into her search for information. She looked at primary sources. In 1986 she won the Laura Ingalls Wilder Medal.

After her father's death she wrote the book "Homesick: My Own Story". It was about her own childhood experiences in China. After writing the book she visited China. After returning she wrote two more books about China and Mao Zedong.

She started writing her books in the 1950s. Fritz knows much about happenings around the world.



Youth in Action

Youth in Action is a European program that lasted from 2007 until 2013 labeled for young people in order to help make a shared European mindset where young people from different countries could enhance active citizenship as well as a shared cultural European history. It was made of 5 main actions under which several projects are done by local supporters who show their projects to their national agency.

Allowed participants were young people who are between 13 and 30 years old. Other people could be part of this too. Older youth workers who are part of European youth events and are citizens of a European Union country could be part of the program. Source

The program was given a budget of 885 million euros. Analysis of the program published in 2011 showed that in the years 2007-2009 more than 380,000 people took part in the different actions. Only 21,800 projects received a grant among 42,700 submissions.

http://ec.europa.eu/youth/tools/youth-in-action_en.htm
http://eacea.ec.europa.eu/youth/index_en.php 
http://www.britishcouncil.org/youth-in-action

Ruby Bridges

Ruby Nell Bridges Hall (born September 8, 1954) is an American activist. She is known for being the first black child to attend an all-white elementary school in the South. She went to William Frantz Elementary School, in Louisiana, USA.

Ruby Bridges was born in Tylertown, Mississippi to Abon and Lucille Bridges. When she was 4 years old, the family moved to New Orleans, Louisiana. In 1960, when she was 6 years old, her parents allowed her to participate in the integration of the New Orleans School system.

In a 1954 decision, Brown v. Board of Education, the U.S. Supreme Court made racial segregation illegal. Ruby was chosen to attend the all-white William Frantz Elementary School. The school board said black children could attend the first grade if they passed a test. Bridges passed a test. On her first day of school four U.S. Marshals had to go with her to school. She went straight to the principal's office.She sat in the principal's office all day. Angry crowds of parents shouted threats at her. For the next six months the marshals took her to and from her school. Ruby had to spend the entire first school year alone with one teacher, Barbara Henry. People tried to hurt her family. Her father lost his job and her grandparents were thrown off their farm in Georgia. Ruby never missed a day of school that year. The story of her going to a white school is the subject of a Norman Rockwell painting called "The Problem We All Live With."

She finished elementary school and graduated from high school. Bridges went on to become a travel agent for American Express. Mrs. Ruby Bridges got married to Malcolm Hall and had four sons. In 1993, her brother was shot and killed in New Orleans. Ruby's family went to New Orleans to take care of his daughters.

In 1999, she wrote a children's book, "Through My Eyes", telling her story and what she went through. The same year she started the Ruby Bridges Foundation. She travels and talks to children all over the country.

On 8 January 2001, President Bill Clinton awarded Ruby Bridges the Presidential Citizens Medal. She was one of 28 to receive the medal that day.


Aztec mythology

Aztec mythology is the mythology of the Aztec civilization in Mexico. It was the basis on which they made a working and advanced society. They took some ideas from the Toltec and Mayans to create their advanced culture. Their empire lasted from the 14th century until the Spanish took over. 

The Aztecs believed the universe went through four phases. They called them suns. They believed that they lived in the fifth sun. The gods ended each sun with a huge tragedy and then created a new world. In the first sun, the world was destroyed by jaguars. In the second, the world was destroyed by a storm. In the third sun, the earth was destroyed by a fire rain. At the end of the fourth, the world was destroyed by a huge flood. They believed that the fifth sun would end with a huge earthquake.

In their religion they worshipped many gods and goddesses. They even made human sacrifices. There were three parts of the body that they considered the most powerful: the head, the heart, and the liver. 

Some gods and goddesses in Aztec mythology are Huitzilopochtli, Tezcatlipoca, and Xochiquetzal.


Malagasy language

Malagasy is an Austronesian language that is spoken in Madagascar. It is related to languages such as Indonesian, Javanese and Maori. That means that Malagasy is related to languages spoken in Indonesia. This is probably because immigrants from Indonesia came to Madagascar until A.D. 1400. It is the only Austronesian language spoken in Africa.

Malagasy is written using the English alphabet, but without c, q, u, w and x. No accents or other diacritical marks are used. It was invented by David Jones as a replacement for Sorabe (a type of Arabic script). Most letters have their IPA values. However, y and i are both pronounced like /i/ and h is often silent. A few consonant digraphs (tr, dr, ts) are used.

Manoa ahoana - Hello

Veloma - Goodbye

Nenibe - Grandmother

Dadabe - Grandfather


Premier of the Republic of China

The President of the Executive Yuan (), commonly known as the Premier of the Republic of China (sometimes as "Prime Minister") (), is the head of the Executive Yuan. The Executive Yuan is the executive branch of the government of the Republic of China (ROC). It controls Taiwan, Penghu, Matsu, and Kinmen. The premier is appointed by the President of the Republic of China.

Zhongzheng District

Zhongzheng District is a local government area of Taipei City, in the Republic of China. 

Many national government buildings of the Republic of China are in this district. Some are the Presidential office building, the Executive Yuan building and other government agency buildings.

This district is named after the former President of the Republic of China, Chiang Kai-shek.

National Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall

The National Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall is a famous memorial in Taipei, Republic of China. It was built for the late President of the Republic of China Chiang Kai-shek. It is located in Taipei's Zhongzheng District. The monument is in a park.

There is a library and museum in the monument. It has books and artefacts about Chiang's life and the history of the Republic of China. 

National Palace Museum

The National Palace Museum () is a museum in Shilin, Taipei, Republic of China. It is one of the national museums of the Republic of China. It has nearly 700,000 pieces of ancient Chinese artifacts and artworks. It is one of the largest museums in the world. Most things in the collection are high quality pieces collected by China's ancient emperors.

Ride (band)

Ride were a British shoegazing band from Oxford. 

Ride was formed in 1988 by Mark Gardener, Andy Bell and Laurence Colbert. The named the band 'Ride' because of the evocation of travel and after the Ride cymbal. The band was a part of the "shoegazing" scene that happened in England during the early 1990s. They broke up in 1996 because of tension in the band. After their breakup, the former members decided to work on other projects. Andy Bell would become the bassist for Oasis. 

Their debut album "Nowhere" was ranked #74 on Pitchfork Media's list of "Top 100 Albums of the 1990s" and was also added to the book "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die". The single "Vapour Trail" was ranked #145 on Pitchfork Media's list of "Top 200 Tracks of the 90s".



Riau

Riau is a province of Indonesia. It is on the central eastern coast of Sumatra. Its capital city is Pekanbaru. Riau is rich in natural resources. It has petroleum, natural gas, rubber, and palm oil.

Pekanbaru

Pekanbaru (Jawi: ڤكنبارو) is the capital city of Riau province, Indonesia. It is the third largest city on the island of Sumatra. It has an area of . As of 2014 about 1,030,732 people live there. Pekanbaru has several industries. It exports palm oil, paper and crude oil. It is a very clean city. Ferry passengers from Singapore used it as a transfer point before low-cost air travel became more popular.

Nash the Slash

Jeff Plewman (March 26, 1948 – May 10, 2014), better known by his stage name Nash the Slash, was a Canadian singer-songwriter and musician. He was best known for being the founding member of the progressive rock band FM and performing with British musician Gary Numan. He was also a multi-instrumentalist who played mostly the electric violin and mandolin, as well as harmonica, keyboards, glockenspiel, and other instruments.

Nash's musical trademark was his face being covered in surgical bandages. He got the name "Nash the Slash" by using the name of the main antagonist of the Laurel and Hardy silent movie "Do Detectives Think?" (1927).

Nash was born in Toronto, Ontario. In 1998, he revealed that he was gay at Toronto's Pride Week. He retired in 2012.

Nash died on the weekend of May 10, 2014 at his home in Toronto, aged 66. The cause of his death was a suspected heart attack.


Shilin District

Shilin District is a district of Taipei, Republic of China. It is a residential district, and famous residents include the late Chiang Kai-shek, former President of the Republic of China. The district is divided into 51 villages (里), which are further divided up into 987 villages (鄰).

The culture of Taipei is said to be started in Shilin district.

Shilin has three universities: Ming Chuan University, Soochow University, and the Chinese Culture University. Some international schools, like the Taipei American School, Taipei Japanese School, and Taipei European School are in this district. The district is also has vocational colleges, four senior high schools, eight junior high schools, and twenty elementary schools.


Martha Hyer

Martha Hyer (August 10, 1924 – May 31, 2014) was an American movie actress. She was known for her roles in "The Best of Everything" (1959), "Ice Palace" (1960), "Desire in the Dust" (1960), "The Carpetbaggers" (1964), "First Men in the Moon" (1964), "Blood on the Arrow" (1964), "The Sons of Katie Elder" (1965), and "The Night of the Grizzly" (1966).

Hyer died in Santa Fe, New Mexico from natural causes, aged 89.


Mario Missiroli

Mario Missiroli (13 March 1934 – 19 May 2014) was an Italian stage, television and movie director. He was known for his works "La bella di Lodi" (1963), "Delitto e castigo" (1983) and "Family Portrait" (1962). He was nominated for a Silver Ribbon for his work in "Family Portrait" (1962).

Missiroli died in Turin, Italy from an illness, aged 80.


José Feliciano

José Montserrate Feliciano García (born September 10, 1945), better known simply as José Feliciano, is a Puerto Rican virtuoso guitarist, singer and composer. He is known for many international hits, including his remake of The Doors' "Light My Fire" and the best-selling Christmas single "Feliz Navidad".


West Coast Conference

The West Coast Conference (WCC) is a college sports conference (group of sports teams that play against each other) in the western United States. There are many sports in the conference. The conference does not have football, and only one of its current members has a football team.

The WCC began in 1952 when five schools in and around the San Francisco Bay Area formed the California Basketball Association. The league was then called the West Coast Athletic Conference from 1956 to 1989.

All nine of its current members were founded by churches. Seven of the colleges are Catholic schools. Only the University of the Pacific, which was started by Methodists, no longer gets money from a church.

The WCC has 9 members, all located in West Coast states.

The WCC has four "associate members", each of which plays one sport in the conference. All are full members of other Division I conferences. Two others will become associates in multiple sports in 2024.

The two schools left behind by the collapse of the Pac-12 Conference will house most of their sports in the WCC through the 2025–26 school year.

Rye, New York

Rye is a city in Westchester County, New York, United States. Rye was a town before it became a city in 1942. The population was 16,592 at the 2020 census.

Salustiano Sánchez

Salustiano Sánchez-Blazquez (8 June 1901 – 13 September 2013) was a Spanish-born American supercentenarian.

Born in El Tejado de Bejar, Spain, on 8 June 1901 (he claimed to be born in 1902), Sánchez emigrated to Cuba at age 17 and worked as a farmer, before emigrating in 1920 to the United States where he lived until his death and worked as a coal miner.

In 1934, he married Pearl Emilie Chiasera and had the son John and the daughter Irene, whom he lived with after his wife's death in 1988 to 2007 when he moved to a retirement home in Grand Island, New York, and lived there until his death at age 112 years, 97 days, and believed the secret to his long life to be one banana and one tablet of Anacin a day. At age 112, he had 7 grandchildren, 15 great-grandchildren and 5 great-great-grandchildren including Chase, Evan, and Hailey Spurback and Jacob and Ethan Macendrick.

Sanchez became the oldest living man in the United States after Shelby Harris' death on 25 July 2012 and was exactly one year later officially verified to be the oldest living man in the world since 116-year-old Japaneseman Jiroemon Kimura's death at 2:08 a.m. the night of 12 June 2013 (=1:08 p.m. the afternoon of 11 June 2013 New York Time), which, however, before the verification of Sánchez was believed to be Canadian-born Californian man James McCoubrey (who died of pneumonia on 5 July 2013) followed by Jokichi Ikarashi (who also died of pneumonia just 18 days after McCoubrey) and Italian Arturo Licata who, however, was believed to have become the oldest living man when Sánchez died of natural causes at age 112 years, 97 days on 13 September 2013 (coincidencially on the same day as McCoubrey would have turned 112) while Polish-born Alexander Imich was believed to be the oldest living U.S. man. However, Ernest Peronneau, who was believed to be born 6 March 1903, was later verified to be born 7 March 1902, and was the oldest living man until his death on 26 March 2014, which made Licata the oldest living man first after Peronneau's death.

Abington Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania

Abington Township is a township in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States, on the northern fringes of Philadelphia. The population was 58,502 as of the 2020 census.

Vigilante 8

Vigilante 8 is a vehicular combat video game published by Activision and developed by Luxoflux. It is a spinoff of the 1997 video game "Interstate '76". It was released for the PlayStation, Nintendo 64, and Game Boy Color. A sequel called "" was released in 1999.

It was released for the PlayStation on May 31, 1998 in North America, June 26, 1998 in Europe and on November 12, 1998 in Japan. It was also released for the Nintendo 64 on March 29, 1998 in North America and in March 1999 in Europe, as well as the Game Boy Color in December 1999 in North America.

IGN rated the game a 6.0 out of 10 for the Game Boy Color, 8.2 out of 10 for the Nintendo 64 and 8.0 for the PlayStation.

GameSpot gave the game a 7.5 out of 10 for the Game Boy Color, 7.9 out of 10 for the Nintendo 64 and 8.0 out of 10 for the PlayStation.

Kurtwood Smith

Kurtwood Larson Smith (born July 3, 1943) is an American television and movie actor. He is known for playing the main antagonist Clarence Boddicker in "RoboCop" and as Red Forman in "That '70s Show". He is also known for his appearances in the genre of science fiction ("Star Trek", "The X-Files"). He also starred in "24".


New Lisbon, Wisconsin

New Lisbon (Hoocąk: Wac'hožura ) is a city in Juneau County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 2,554 at the 2010 census.

Ajay Devgan

Ajay Devgan (born 2 April 1969) is an Indian actor and movie producer.

Vishal Veeru Devgan was born in Amritsar, India on April 2, 1969. He started his career in 1992 film "Phool Aur Kaante". He is a Punjabi and completed his graduation in Mumbai, India. He is married to Kajol and has two children. He is also professionally known as Ajay Devgn.

After debuting in "Phool Aur Kante", he went on to star in a martial arts film called "Jigar" (1992) and also played a blind man in "Vijaypath" (1994). His subsequent hits include "Suhaag" (1994), "Dilwale" (1994), "Naajayaz" (1995), "Diljale" (1996), "Jaan" (1996), "Ishq" (1997), "Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha" (1998), and "Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam" (1999). He garnered Filmfare Best Actor nominations for "Naajayaz" and "Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam". His performance in "Zakhm" (1998) secured Devgn his first National Film Award for Best Actor. In 2000, Devgn started Ajay Devgn FFilms and produced and headlined the commercially unsuccessful "Raju Chacha". He got a Filmfare Best Supporting Actor nomination for enacting a dacoit in the ensemble film "Lajja" (2001).

2002 proved to be a banner year for Devgn as he received universal acclaim for his performances in "Company", "The Legend of Bhagat Singh" and "Deewangee". He won his second National Award for portraying revolutionary Bhagat Singh in "The Legend of Bhagat Singh" and received the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actor for it and "Company". As the antagonist of "Deewangee", he earned a Filmfare Best Villain Award. His 2003 projects included "Bhoot", a sleeper hit, and "Gangaajal", in which he received another Filmfare Best Actor nomination for enacting a police officer. He next featured in "Yuva" (2004), "Kaal" (2005), and "Omkara" (2006). Rohit Shetty's "Golmaal" series established him in comic roles including "" (2006), "Golmaal Returns" (2008) and "Golmaal 3" (2010). Devgn was highly panned for "Aag" (2007), based on the 1975 cult classic "Sholay". "Aag" is considered one of the worst films. In 2008, he directed and produced "U Me Aur Hum". After featuring in "Sunday" (2008) and "" (2009), 2010 proved to be another milestone year for him as he delivered his first 100 Crore Club film with "Golmaal 3" and received positive feedback for his roles in the top-grossing films "Raajneeti" and "Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai". The latter fetched him a Filmfare Best Actor nomination, as like his next "Singham" (2011), the first part of Shetty's Cop Universe.

From the 2010s, Devgn shined to stardom with the successful comedies "Bol Bachchan" (2012), "Son of Sardaar" (2012), "Golmaal Again" (2017), "Total Dhamaal" (2019) and "De De Pyaar De" (2019) and the dramas "Drishyam" (2015) and "Raid" (2018). He reprised his role of Singham in Shetty's blockbuster films "Singham Returns" (2014), "Simmba" (2018) and "Sooryavanshi" (2021) and also directed, produced and starred in commercial failures like "Shivaay" (2016) and "Runway 34" (2022). He produced and starred as the eponymous warrior in "Tanhaji" (2020), winning his third National Best Actor Award. In 2022, he secured further critical and commercial success with the films "RRR", "Gangubai Kathiawadi" and "Drishyam 2". "Tanhaji", "RRR", "Drishyam 2" and "Golmaal Again" rank among the 200 Crore Club domestic net grossers.

Chaparral

Chaparral is a shrubland or heathland plant community. It is found mainly in the U.S. state of California. Also in the northern portion of the Baja California peninsula, Mexico. It is caused by a Mediterranean climate (mild, wet winters and hot dry summers) and wildfire. 

A chaparral has summer drought-tolerant plants. They have hard sclerophyllous evergreen leaves. Chaparral covers 5% of the state of California. Of the associated Mediterranean shrubland, it covers an additional 3.5%. The name comes from the Spanish word "chaparro", referring to scrub oaks.

There are four other chaparral regions in the world. 

Chaparral does not often have fires. These are usually at intervals from 10–15 years to over a hundred years. Mature chaparral often has dense thickets. They are highly flammable.

Margaret Dumont

Margaret Dumont (October 20, 1882 – March 6, 1965) was an American actress. Her earlier name was Daisy Juliette Baker. She acted in seven Marx Brothers’s movies and two of Wheeler and Woosley’s movies. She played Mrs. Foster in "What a Way to Go!" Dumont played Harriet in "Stop, You're Killing Me".

Dumont was born in Brooklyn, New York. She died of a heart attack, age eighty-two, in Hollywood, California.

Linda Darnell

Monetta Eloyse Darnall (also Linda Darnell; October 16, 1923 – April 10, 1965) was an American actress. She was a model as a child. She played Amber in the movie "Forever Amber". She also played Daphne in "Unfaithfully Yours".

Darnell was born in Dallas, Texas. She died from fire-related burns in Glenview, Illinois.

Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies

Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies was the first King of the united Kingdom of the Two Siclies. The Kingdom was created on 12 December 1816 having united the separate crown of Naples and Sicily. He was a member of the House of Bourbon. Before that he had been, since 1759, Ferdinando IV of the Kingdom of Naples and Ferdinando III of the Kingdom of Sicily. He was deposed twice from the throne of Naples. The first time by the French revolutionary armies in 1799 and again by Napoleon Bonaparte in 1806.


In 1768 he married Maria Carolina of Austria. They had the following children:

Judy Holliday

Judith Tuvim (later Judy Holliday; June 21, 1921 – June 7, 1965) was an American actress. She acted on the stage and in movies. In "Born Yesterday" (both stage and movie versions), she played Billie Dawn. She received an Academy Award for Best Actress and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress for this performance. She won a Tony Award for her performance in "Bells are Ringing".

Holliday was born in New York City. She also died there from throat cancer, age 43.

R/K selection theory

r/K selection theory describes the way a species controls its number of offspring. 

r-selection species produce many offspring. K-selected species focus on a few. Neither method is in itself superior, and they may occur in the same habitat; e.g., rodents (r-selection) and elephants (K-selection). 

The theory was popular in the 1970s and 1980s, but several studies criticized it. The study of life histories has replaced the r/K selection paradigm.

The terminology of r/K-selection was coined by the ecologists Robert MacArthur and E.O. Wilson, based on their work on island biogeography. Study of the evolution of life history strategies actually has a longer history.

Reuven Rivlin

Reuven Rivlin (born 9 September 1939) was the 10th President of Israel from 2014 until 2021.

Rivlin was born in Jerusalem when it was part of British Mandatory Palestine. Before entering politics he was a lawyer. He was elected to the Jerusalem City Council in 1978. Rivlin worked for El Al Airlines serving on the executive council from 1981 to 1986. He was a member of the Knesset, the parliament of Israel, for many years, elected first in 1988. He was also speaker of the Knesset and minister of Communications of Israel. On 10th of June 2014 he won elections for the post of President of Israel. 

Rivlin was married to Nechama Rivlin and has four children.

Marjane Satrapi

Marjane Satrapi is a writer and artist. She was born on November 22, 1969 in Rasht, Iran. She lives in Paris, France. Satrapi writes comics about her life. She draws the pictures herself. She also draws pictures for other children’s books.

She was the only child of Marxist parents.

Satrapi’s parents were educated, and taught Satrapi to think for herself. She went to high school at Lycee Francais in Tehran, Iran. When she was 14, Satrapi’s parents sent her to Vienna, Austria to learn in a freer country. When Satrapi was 19, she moved back to Iran to study decorative arts at the Tehran School of Fine Arts. The change from the western world to Iran was difficult for her. In 1994, Satrapi moved to Strasbourg, France to study art for 3 years. She now lives in Paris, France.

Satrapi thinks countries should not spend money on weapons. She thinks they should spend money for kids to go to school in different countries. She thinks that studying in different countries helps people understand each other better.

In RandomHouse.com, Satrapi said, "I believe there are ways to solve the world's problems. Instead of putting all this money to create arms, I think countries should invest in scholarships for kids to study abroad [other countries]. Perhaps they could become good and knowledgeable professors in their own countries. You need time for that kind of change, though."

Iran's Islamic Revolution against the Shah, the country’s dictator, started in 1979. Satrapi’s uncle was put in prison by the Shah, then murdered by people who supported the war.

Satrapi wrote a popular series of comics called "Persepolis". "Persepolis: The Story of a Childhood," tells about Satrapi's life, the discrimination she faced, and moving to Europe. She later wrote a sequel to "Persepolis" that talked about how she was treated badly for years when she went back to Iran.

Satrapi’s most famous book is called "Persepolis".

Persepolis is the old Persian capital. The comic book is about Satrapi’s childhood in Iran during the war. This time was when country wanted to end the Shah’s cruel rule. She has written three comic books relating to her life. The first and second are about her childhood. The third is about her study in different countries. She is planning to write a fourth book about her return to Iran.

- Prix Alph'art Coup de Coeur for beginning comic artist award for "Persepolis--" 2001

- Prix du Lion for "Persepolis--" 2001

- Prix France Info for best news comic strip for "Persepolis--" 2002

- Prix Alph'art for best script for "Persepolis Tome 2"—2002

- Fernando Buesa Blanco peace prize for "Persepolis"—2003

- Prix d'Angouleme for best book of the year for "Chicken and Plums"—2005 


Wilma Rudolph

Wilma Rudolph (June 23, 1940 – November 12, 1994) was an American athlete. She lived in Clarksville, Tennessee along with 11 siblings. She was the 5th. When she was 4 years old, she had polio. She survived it, but lost the use of her left leg. Her cousins and siblings helped her massage the leg. When she turned 11 she visited the doctor's office again and was able to walk.

In high school, Rudolph became the star basketball player for her team. She also did track for 4 years and never lost a race. When she was 16 years old, she signed up for the Summer Olympics in track. She won the bronze medal in the track events. She was one of the first black women to win anything major like that. She decided to not to compete in the 1964 Olympics. She retired and became a school teacher and an athletic coach. She was a mother of 4 kids and divorced two husbands. She died on November 12, 1994, at the age of 54


Grazing Goat Pictures

Grazing Goat Pictures is an Indian company that makes movies. It was started in 2012. The company was founded by actor Akshay Kumar, his wife Twinkle Khanna and Ashvini Yardi.

After creating Hari Om Entertainment, Kumar want to make a production company lead by Ashvini Yardi. The company is based in Juhu, Mumbai.
Kumar and Yardi produced their first movie "OMG - Oh My God!" with Paresh Rawal's Playtime Creationn. It did not do well when released. As people started talking about it, it did better and became very popular.

Twinkle Khanna and Yardi produced the first Marathi movie, 72 Miles.


Akshay Kumar

Akshay Kumar (born 9 September 1967) is an Indian film actor, producer and Martial artist. Kumar has appeared in over 100 films in Bollywood. He is based in Mumbai. Kumar is known for his hit movies. Kumar recently dubbed for the "Hindi version" of the movie "". Kumar was the voice actor for the role of Optimus Prime. This is one of the key characters in the film. He did the dubbing role as a gift for his son, Aarav. Optimus Prime was Aarav's favorite character so Kumar did it for free. Kumar was one of the highest paid actor in Bollywood in 2022. He has established himself as a leading contemporary actor in the Hindi cinema. He is also best known for his roles in the Housefull film series.

In 2009, Kumar started the Hari Om Entertainment production company. In 2012, Kumar launched his next production house Grazing Goat Pictures. Their first production, "OMG! (Oh My God!)", had a slow opening, but because of word of mouth it picked up and then was declared a super hit.



Shaolin Soccer

Shaolin Soccer is a 2001 Hong Kong comedy movie. It was co-written and directed by Stephen Chow. He also stars in the lead role. The movie is about a former Shaolin monk. He reunites his five brothers, years after their master's death. They apply their superhuman martial arts skills to play soccer and bring Shaolin kung fu to the masses.


Kung Fu Hustle

Kung Fu Hustle is a 2004 Hong Kong action comedy movie. It was directed, co-written and co-produced by Stephen Chow, who also stars in the lead role. The other producers were Chui Po-chu and Jeffrey Lau, and the screenplay was co-written with Huo Xin, Chan Man-keung, and Tsang Kan-cheung. Yuen Wah, Yuen Qiu, Danny Chan, Eva Huang and Bruce Leung co-starred in prominent roles.

A failed member of Axe Gang wants to make big in crime world but consequences force him to go on right path


Vigilante 8: 2nd Offense

Vigilante 8: 2nd Offense (also known as ヴィジランテ８〜セカンドバトル〜 (Vigilante 8 2nd Battle) in Japan) is a vehicular combat video game published by Activision and developed by Luxoflux. It is the sequel to the 1998 video game "Vigilante 8". It was released for the PlayStation, Dreamcast, and Nintendo 64. A game was planned for the Game Boy Advance but was cancelled.

It was released for the PlayStation on October 31, 1999 in North America, December 31, 1999 in Europe and on February 24, 2000 in Japan. It was also released for the Dreamcast on November 30, 1999 in North America, on February 18, 2000 in Europe and on March 23, 2000 in Japan, as well as the Nintendo 64 on February 2, 2000 in North America and on February 25, 2000 in Europe.

During the games development, there were pictures that were published which showed Molo's school bus as a ten-wheeler. It was redesigned because of the fallout from the Columbine massacre.

IGN rated the game a 8.0 out of 10 for the Nintendo 64 and a 8.2 out of 10 for the PlayStation.

GameSpot gave the game a 7.7 out of 10 for the Nintendo 64 and 7.5 out of 10 for the PlayStation.

Twisted Metal (video game)

Twisted Metal is a vehicular combat video game published by Sony Computer Entertainment with product development by Sony Interactive Studios America and regular development by SingleTrac. It is the first game in the "Twisted Metal" series. It was released for the PlayStation and on the PlayStation Network.

It was released on November 5, 1995 in North America, January 16, 1996 in Europe, and on November 15, 1996 in Japan. It was also released on February 23, 2011 on the PlayStation Network. In the game, there is a competition where opponents face each other with different kinds of modified vehicles. The object of the game is to destroy their vehicles and be the last one standing. The winner meets Calypso, a mysterious man who grants them a wish. 

IGN rated the game a 7 out of 10 and said ""The game's only downfall is that it's just too short. The game can be completed in just a couple of hours. However, the two-player split-screen combat mode more than makes up for the one-player mode's lack of length."" The game was successful and sold over 1.08 million copies in the United States alone.

Sharon Creech

Sharon Creech (born July 29, 1945) is an American writer of children's novels. She was born in South Euclid, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland. She was raised with a sister and three brothers.

As an adult, she was a teacher, and married, had two children: Rob and Karin. She divorced, and married again. Creech’s first two novels were for adults. After her father’s death she wrote "Absolutely Normal Chaos", her first book for kids. Her fourth book, Walk Two Moons, won the Newbery Medal. Chasing Redbird (1997) was shortlisted for the Whitbread award. A few years later, she won another Newbery award for her book, Love That Dog Still (1995). These are only a few of her accomplishments. Creech lives in Maine.

She attended Hiram College for undergraduates. She later attended George Mason University for her master's degree.

Sharon Creech's books are mostly about family relationships. Often, they have a teenage girl as the main character. She experiences growth or learns an important lesson. A lot of Creech’s book are based on actual experiences that happened in her life.

In the earlier years of her life she spent most of her time teaching and being with her family. Unfortunately in 1980, her father had a stroke, he was left paralyzed and mute. After her father’s death in 1986 Creech started her first novel. “When I finished it," she continued, "I wrote another,and another, and another. The words just rushed out."



Alfredo Stroessner

Alfredo Stroessner Matiauda (November 3, 1912 – August 16, 2006) was the President of Paraguay from 1954 until 1989. His time as president is seen by most as a dictatorship. Stroessner began is career in 1929 at the age of sixteen when he joined the Paraguayan army. In 1951, he was a commander-in-chief of the Paraguayan army. He led a revolt to overthrow president Federico Chavez. Since he was the only candidate, he was elected president. During his rule, Alfredo Stroessner helped with economy of the country, but anyone who criticized him was put in prison. He was a controversial leader. He has been accused of allowing murder or torture of opponents or criticizers of his government. Other crimes which he has been said to support include abduction, pedophilia and rape of children. He was in power until 1989 when he was overthrown. He died on August 16, 2006 in Brasilia while in exile.


The Ultimate Hits

The Ultimate Hits is the third compilation album by Garth Brooks. The album was released on November 6, 2007. 

Oppositional defiant disorder

Oppositional defiant disorder is a mental disorder. It causes irritable and angry behaviour for at least 6 months. This behavior is noticeable in communication with other people. Most people with ODD do not usually get aggressive towards other people or animals, steal, or cause destruction. This is different from people with conduct disorder. But people with ODD do argue, and they often deliberately cause trouble.

To be diagnosed with ODD, the person must have a behavior pattern for at least six months. At least four of these eight symptoms must be there in that time:


About 10.2% of people have or have had ODD (11.2% of males and 9.2% of females). In many cases this condition worsens into conduct disorder, which often worsens into antisocial personality disorder (ASPD). This is more likely in boys than girls, and more likely if the person also has ADHD. ODD typically begins in childhood. It is the most common mental disorder in children. It is unusual in adults, because the affected person usually either recovers or develops Antisocial personality disorder 

ODD is more common in family members of people who have ODD, CD or ASPD. It is more common in poor urban areas. 

Most people who have ODD also have other mental disorders, most often ADHD. Many children who have ODD have problems with alcohol and drugs in their adolescence and adulthood.

Chim Chim Cher-ee

"Chim Chim Cher-ee" is a song from "Mary Poppins", the 1964 musical movie. It was sung by Dick Van Dyke and Julie Andrews. It won the 1964 Academy Award for the Best Original Song.

The song was inspired by one of the drawings of a chimney sweep. It was covered and redone through other musicians.

CBS Building

The CBS Building is a skyscraper in New York City, New York. It is the headquarters of CBS. Inside the CBS Building, there are television networks, television companies, movie studios and television syndication.

Capital Cities/ABC

Capital Cities/ABC Inc was a media company that was founded in New York City. In 1985, Capital Cities merged with American Broadcasting Company to form Capital Cities/ABC. This name was used until 1996. The company was sold to The Walt Disney Company and changed its name to Disney–ABC Television Group. 

RCA

RCA Corporation, originally the Radio Corporation of America, was an American electronics company. It was in existence from 1919 to 1986. The RCA trademark is used by Sony Music Entertainment and Talisman Brands, which licenses the name to other companies, among them Voxx International, Alco Electronics, Curtis International and TCL Corporation.

After World War I began in August 1914, the western Allies cut the German transatlantic telegraph cables. This caused a tremendous increase in radio traffic across the Atlantic Ocean. The General Electric corporation made the acquisition of Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company of America in 1919. With this they formed the Radio Corporation of America (RCA). In 1926, RCA created the first nationwide broadcast network, the National Broadcasting Company (NBC). After the golden age of radio had passed, RCA began to decline. In 1982 they ended most of their public affairs programs. Finally, in 1986, General Electric bought back RCA, along with NBC, for $6.28 million. In 1988, General Electric sold the right to use its brand on consumer electronics, as well as various assets of RCA, excluding NBC, to Thomson.

Plitt Theatres

Plitt Theaters was a major movie theater chain in the United States. It was originally the theater division of Paramount Pictures. This included a number of theater circuits acquired by Paramount, notably Balaban and Katz. In the late 1930s the United States government filed an antitrust lawsuit against five Movie studios. As a result Paramount was required to split off their theater chain. 

On December 31, 1949, the theater business was spun off into an independent company called United Paramount Theaters (UPT). It was headed by Leonard Goldenson. In 1953 UPT purchased the American Broadcasting Company (ABC). This provided ABC's television network with a source of cash flow that allowed it to survive and eventually become competitive. The new company was named American Broadcasting-Paramount Theaters. In 1965 the corporation was renamed American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. The theater chain was renamed ABC Theaters. In 1974 ABC sold its movie theaters in the Midwest (a division called ABC Great States) to one of its executives, Henry Plitt, doing business as Plitt Theaters. Plitt subsequently bought the ABC Southern theater operations in 1978. In 1985, Plitt Theaters was sold to Cineplex Odeon Corporation.

NBC Blue Network

NBC Blue Network was a television network was launched in 1927 by Radio Corporation of America (RCA) and National Broadcasting Company (NBC). In 1945, NBC Blue Network changed its name to American Broadcasting Company (ABC).

ABC Entertainment

ABC Entertainment is a television production company that was made in New York City in 1999. It was made by merging Buena Vista Television Productions with the ABC Television Network to produce television shows. It is part of The Walt Disney Company. Its headquarters are in Burbank, California. It started as a radio network in 1943 but now only does television.

ABC has eight owned-and-operated and more than 230 affiliated television stations throughout the United States and its territories.

Tribune Media

The Tribune Media Company, also called Tribune Media, formerly called Tribune Company, is a media company headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Its broadcasting company is Tribune Broadcasting. Tribune Media Company is one of the largest television broadcasting companies in the world. It has 39 television stations across the United States. In August 2014, it spun off its publishing division into Tribune Publishing, but before that, Tribune Media Company was the nation's second-largest newspaper publisher (behind the Gannett Company). It owned newspapers, such as the "Chicago Tribune", "Los Angeles Times", and the "Orlando Sentinel". It also has media service companies, such as Tribune Media Services.


Westinghouse Electric Corporation

The Westinghouse Electric Corporation(just known as Westinghouse with it's W in it's logo) was an American manufacturing company. It was founded on January 8, 1886, as Westinghouse Electric Company. Later it was renamed the Westinghouse Electric Corporation. They helped to bring electricity to homes and businesses across the United States.

Westinghouse was a diversified company. It was involved in a wide variety of products and services. The company had a number of firsts. It produced the first jet engine in the United States and the first nuclear power plant. It also developed the first U.S. radar station (used at Pearl Harbor). In the late 1980s a number of bad business decisions caused the company to decline. After selling off most of its manufacturing divisions, Westinghouse Electric took the name of one of its subsidiaries, CBS, which it bought in 1995.

Carolyn Bessette-Kennedy

Carolyn Jeanne Bessette-Kennedy (January 7, 1966 – July 16, 1999) was an American socialite, model, publicist for Calvin Klein. Kennedy was married to John F. Kennedy Jr., the son of John F. Kennedy, the 35th president of the United States. Her relationship with her husband and her fashion influence drew comparisons to her mother-in-law Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. Kennedy, her husband and older sister, Lauren Bessette, died in a plane crash in Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts on July 16, 1999.

Kathleen Norris

Kathleen Norris (July 16, 1880 – January 18, 1966) was an American newspaper columnist and novelist. Her stories appeared in the "Atlantic", "Ladies' Home Journal" and some other publications. She used her fiction to promote marriage, motherhood and importance of service to others.

Many of her books were turned into movies.

Norris was born in San Francisco, California. She also died there.

Elizabeth Patterson

Elizabeth Patterson (November 22, 1874 – January 31, 1966) was an American actress. She gained popularity late during her career. She played Matilda Trumbull in "I Love Lucy". She also played Aunt Hester in the movie "A Bill of Divorcement". She later acted in stage and theater.

Patterson was born in Savannah, Tennessee. She died in Los Angeles at age 91 from pneumonia.

Twisted Metal 2

Twisted Metal 2 (also known as Twisted Metal 2: World Tour in Europe and Twisted Metal EX in Japan) is a vehicular combat video game published by Sony Computer Entertainment and developed by Sony Interactive Studios America and SingleTrac. It is the second and most successful game in the "Twisted Metal" series. It was released on the PlayStation, Microsoft Windows, and PlayStation Network.

It was released on October 31, 1996 in North America, in February 1997 in Europe, and on August 28, 1997 in Japan. It was also released on November 13, 1997 on Microsoft Windows as well as on July 26, 2007 in Japan and November 1, 2007 in North America on the PlayStation Network. 

IGN rated the game a 7.3 out of 10 GameSpot rated the PlayStation version 8.8 out of 10 stars and the PC version a 6.4 out of 10 stars.

Bob Welch (baseball)

Robert Lynn "Bob" Welch (November 3, 1956 – June 9, 2014) was an American professional baseball starting pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Los Angeles Dodgers from 1978 until 1987 and Oakland Athletics from 1988 until 1994. He was a two time MLB All-Star. In 1990, he won the American League Cy Young Award as the league's best pitcher.

Welch was born in Detroit, Michigan and raised in California.

Welch died after an accidental fall on June 9, 2014 in Seal Beach, California, aged 57.

Reinhard Höppner

Reinhard Höppner (2 December 1948 – 9 June 2014) was an (East) German politician, mathematician, and writer. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). He was Minister-President of Saxony-Anhalt from July 1994 until 16 May 2002. The role was taken by Wolfgang Böhmer after Höppner's term was over.

Höppner was born in Haldensleben, Saxony-Anhalt, East Germany. He performed several leading positions in the Evangelical Church in Germany.

Höppner died from cancer on 9 June 2014 in Magdeburg, Saxony-Anhalt, aged 65.

Twisted Metal III

Twisted Metal III (also known by its former name Twisted Metal 3) is a vehicular combat video game that was both published and developed by 989 Studios. It is the third game in the "Twisted Metal" series. It was only released on the PlayStation and was only released in North America. The game was released on October 31, 1998 in North America for PlayStation. It was rereleased in 1999 as part of the Sony Greatest Hits lineup.

IGN rated the game a 4 out of 10 and said that "with the exception of the four-player combat and Rob Zombie's hard-rock soundtrack -- the two great things about the game -- Twisted Metal 3 is a middle-of-the-road game that unfortunately doesn't do anything more than the first two games. In fact, it's just plain old hat."

GameSpot's Joe Fielder said that the game's soundtrack by Rob Zombie and Pitchshifter was "fitting" but he criticized the "lackluster" level design and "strange" physics engine. He advised readers to check out Activision's "Vigilante 8" or GT Interactive's "" instead.

Twisted Metal 4

Twisted Metal 4 is a vehicular combat video game that was both published by Sony Computer Entertainment and developed by 989 Studios. It is the fourth game in the "Twisted Metal" series. It was only released on the PlayStation and was only released in North America. The game was released on October 31, 1999 in North America for PlayStation. It was rereleased in 2000 as part of the Sony Greatest Hits lineup.

IGN's Marc Nix rated the game a 6 out of 10 and praised the "colorful" graphics and "well-done" interactive environments but criticized the "toy car" control, look and sound of the vehicles.

GameSpot's Joe Fielder said that the game was a "huge leap" ahead of "Twisted Metal III", commenting on the improved level design, control and physics, but he also said that the latter two "remain a little too touchy and unforgiving" and that the graphics, while they were "prettier" than those of Twisted Metal III, they "aren't nearly as sharp as the graphics in its current main competitor - Activision's """.

The Hunger Games trilogy

The Hunger Games is a series of three Young adult books by Suzanne Collins. The series tells the story of Katniss Everdeen. She is a girl who lives in a fictional dystopian society called Panem. Panem is made up of the remains of the United States after a nuclear crisis. This country holds an event called The Hunger Games. They have 24 adolescents of any age group competing for to stay alive. The objective is to kill all other players and prevent other players from doing the same. The last person alive (or in the 74th annual Hunger Games' case, the last two people from the same district alive) has successfully won the Hunger Games. 

The Hunger Games is set in North America. It is set about 250 years after a nuclear war destroys the United States. Survivors of the war formed a nation called Panem. It is made of 12 districts and a central Capitol. When the nation was young, it was similar to the democratic republic that the United States currently is. As the nation became older, it became more corrupt. It changed into a totalitarian police state. The population of the Capitol stopped working and controlled over the districts with fear. The 13th district was made of most of the New England states, It was in charge of the military, graphite mining, and nuclear weapons. They rebelled against the capitol. The rest of the districts joined. The war was lost and District 13 was destroyed by their own weapons. The Capitol forced the remaining Districts to send one young boy and girl to participate in the Hunger Games. It was a competition to the death. Each of the 24 district teens would fight for resources over 30 days. The objective is to kill others and survive. The real use of the games was entertainment for the rich Capitol citizens and eternal punishment for the "crimes" the districts committed against the Capitol. The series centers around Katniss Everdeen. Katniss is a girl from District 12 who gets selected for the Hunger Games. She spends the rest of the book trying to survive. 

The first book begins with Katniss making sacrifices to feed her family. She has to do this because District 12 is a very small, poor district. One day , the Capitol Peacekeepers, the police of Panem, come to District 12 and set up the raffle system for the Hunger Games. The adolescents of District 12 line up. Each gender forms it own line. The Head Peacekeeper pulls 2 names from the raffle. Peeta Mellark, a boy from the richer center of town, is the first chosen. The Head Peacekeeper reads out Katniss's sister Primrose's name. Katniss objects and volunteers to be in the games in her sisters place. 


WWE 2K15

WWE 2K15 is a professional wrestling video game. It was being developed by Yuke's and Visual Concepts. It was published by 2K Sports.

The game was released on April 29, 2014. The game will be available on the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, and Xbox One. It was the first game in the "WWE 2K" series to be released for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One consoles.

WWE 2K15 is the first attempt in the series at a next-generation game for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Justin Gabriel released a photo on his official Instagram of himself getting "scanned" for what appears to be the Eco-Motion engine that was used in "NBA 2K14"'s next generation game. Former "NXT" Chris Hero (Kassius Ohno) also did some motion-captioning for the game.

2K's community manager, Ronnie Singh described the Eco-Motion engine as "One example of the Eco-Motion Engine in action is the new fluid nature of player animations. Gone are the days of pre-canned animations that must play out exactly as they were mocapped. Now, players adjust their movements based on the environment around them."


Izmit massacre

The Izmit massacre occurred on 24 June 1921 in the town of Izmit, Turkey. It was a mass killing of some 300 Turkish civilians by the retreating Greek army. It happened during the Greek-Turkish war of 1919-1922. British journalist Arnold Toynbee landed at the town after the Greek retreat and saw the aftermath.

Izmit was a coastal Ottoman town with a mixed population of Turks, Greeks and others. In the last years of the Ottoman Empire it was occupied by the Greek army in 1920. The local Greeks wanted to join Greece. The Turkish nationalists were opposed to join Greece and fought against the Greek troops in the surrounding of the town. Then the Greek army decided to retreat in June 1921. The local Christians also fled with the Greek army and lost their non movable property. Before the Greeks left they looted the Turks, partly burned the town, burned some surrounding villages and desecrated the mosques of Izmit. On 24 June they killed more than 300 people in the cemetery. Thousands of Turks hid in the French college to find safety. Izmit was occupied by the Turkish army on 28 June 1921. Most of the Christians never returned back to the town.

Eric Hill

Eric Gordon Hill (7 September 1927 – 6 June 2014) was a British author and illustrator of children's picture books. He was best known for his character Spot the Dog.

Hill was born in Holloway, London. He was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2008 New Year Honours. He was married to Gillian and had two children, Christopher and Jane.

Hill died after a short illness on 6 June 2014 in California, United States, aged 86. He had lived in the U.S. since the 1980s.


Menemen massacre

The Menemen Massacre occurred on June 16–17, 1919 in the town of Menemen. It happened during the Greco Turkish war of 1919-1922. Victims were estimated to be between 100 and 1.000.

Menemen was an Ottoman town in which Greeks and Turks lived together. After the Ottomans lost World War I, Greek troops landed at the coastal town of Smyrna. One Greek detachement occpied Menemen. The Turkish nationalist movement began an armed resistance against the Greeks. There was a battle at the town of Bergama after which the Greek troops retreated. They passed along Menemen where a massacre took place against local Turkish civilians. The events were investigated by a Western delegation, they estimated that between 100 and 200 Turks had been killed and 200 wounded
, the Turks themselves claimed 1000 dead. The British reported that the presence of British officers restrained the Greeks in their excesses.

Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker

Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker is a puzzle platformer video game for the Wii U. It was developed by Nintendo EAD Tokyo. It was published by Nintendo. It is a spin-off of the "Super Mario" series. It is an expansion of the minigame that was featured in the 2013 game "Super Mario 3D World".

The game was released in Japan and North America in 2014 and in PAL regions in 2015. A version for the Nintendo Switch and Nintendo 3DS was released in 2018. This new version had levels based on "Super Mario Odyssey".

101st Airborne Division

The 101st Airborne Division is an infantry division in the United States Army. It was called an "airborne" division because, as a paratrooper unit, it used airplanes to go into battle. It is most famous its defense of Bastogne at the Battle of the Bulge. The division later fought in the Vietnam War, including the Battle of Hamburger Hill. It also fought in the Gulf War, War in Afghanistan, and War in Iraq.

The 101st Division was organized 2 November 1918 at Camp Shelby, Mississippi. World War I ended 9 days later. The unit was disbanded on 11 December 1918.

The unit was made active again on 10 September 1921, at Milwaukee, Wisconsin. They were assigned to the United States Army Reserve. At this time the "Screaming Eagle" nickname became associated with the division. They assumed several traditions as a successor to the volunteer regiments of the American Civil War. In order to reorganize the 101st as an airborne division in the (regular) U.S. Army, the reserve division was disbanded on 15 August 1942.

The 101st Airborne Division was activated in the U.S. Army on 16 August 1942. This was at Camp Claiborne, Louisiana. On 19 August 1942, its first commander, Major General William C. Lee, promised his new recruits that the 101st had "no history but had a rendezvous with destiny." On D-Day (6 June 1944) the 101st Airborne Division parachuted behind the enemy lines in back of Utah Beach. They cleared a path for the beach landings and captured several key objectives. The division took part in Operation Market Garden (17–25 September 1944). This was the largest airborne operation of all time. 

Eli Lilly and Company

Eli Lilly and Company is an American global medication company. Its headquarters are in Indianapolis, Indiana. The products of the company are sold in about 125 countries. The company was founded in 1876. It was named after Colonel Eli Lilly, a pharmaceutical chemist and American Civil War veteran.

Eli Lilly's most important products before World War II included diabetic insulin. One of the brand names they used for the insulin was Iletin. In 2002, Eli Lilly made more products for people with diabetes than any other company. 

Eli Lilly is the largest manufacturer and distributor of medications used for mental health issues. They make medications for bipolar disorder, clinical depression, generalized anxiety and others. One drug in this class is Amytal. It is used mainly to help with sleep and anxiety.

In 2023 it developed a new obesity drug, Zepbound, a rival to Wegovy produced by Novo Nordisk. The two drugs, which are given by weekly injections, are expected to generate $18.2bn in sales in 2024.


Postal codes in Taiwan

Postal codes () in Taiwan is a system of five digit codes used by Chunghwa Post for postal service in the Republic of China. There are 368 sets of three-digit codes for townships, county-controlled cities, districts (cities of Chiayi and Hsinchu have a single code covering all its districts) in Taiwan, and the uninhabited island groups of Dongsha (Pratas), Nansha (Spratly), and Diaoyutai (Senkaku) (currently controlled by Japan). There are also codes for Kinmen and Matsu, the parts of Fujian Province controlled by the Republic of China. 

The first digit is for a large postal zone, as follows:

Smothered, Covered &amp; Chunked

Smothered, Covered & Chunked is the thirteenth studio album by American hip-hop group Insane Clown Posse. The album was released on August 14, 2012.

Céret

Céret is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France. It was the capital of the historic Catalan comarque of Vallespir.

It is a subprefecture in the department and the capital of the Céret "arrondissement".

The name "Céret" comes from the Catalan name for the town: "Ceret".

Former known names of Céret are, in order of appearance, "vicus Sirisidum" in 814, "vico Cereto" in 866, "villa Cerseto" in 915, "vigo Ceresido" in 930, also "Cered" and "Ceriteto" in the 10th century, "Ceret", "Cericeto" in the XIth and XIIth centuries, "Cirset" around 1070, "Cersed" (one of the most common forms) in 1130 and "Cerset" in 1138, and from the XIIIth to the XVth centuries "Cereto", "Ceret", "Seret" and "Saret". "Ceret" becomes the most common form around the XVIth century.

Céret lies in the foothills of the Pyrénées mountains, in southern France. It is in the valley of the Tech river.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is . The lowest point () of the "commune" is on the Tech river and the highest is on the Roc de Frausa ().

The "commune" is at from Perpignan, from Montpellier and at from Toulouse. It is surrounded by the "communes" Vivès, Saint-Jean-Pla-de-Corts, Maureillas-las-Illas, Reynès, Oms.

The climate of Céret, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Céret are known, in French, as "cerétans" (women: "céretanes").

With a population in 2014 of 7,663, Céret has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Céret

Céret is a subprefecture of the Pyrénées-Orientales department since 1790. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Céret and the administrative centre () of the canton Vallespir-Albères with 13 "communes" and 29,894 inhabitants in 2014.

It is part of the intercommunality "Vallespir" ().

Céret is a twin town of:

The region around Céret is a major fruit producer, in particular famed for its cherries. The first of the season's pick are, by local tradition, sent to France's President. Céret has a cherry festival each year. The cherry season is during the end of April and May.

Céret is famous for its Musée d'Art Moderne (Museum of Modern Art), which has numerous Picasso paintings, sculptures and ceramics. The museum also features paintings by Chagall, Matisse, Herbin, Soutine, lots of Fauves and a few Impressionists.

The Museum of Musical Instruments opened in May 2013 and has a unique collection of instruments and musical scores.

The "Pont du Diable" (Devil's Bridge) is a single arch stone bridge built between 1321 and 1341.



Prades (Pyrénées-Orientales)

Prades ( or, simply, "Prada") is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France. It was the capital of the historic Catalan comarque of Conflent.

It is a subprefecture in the department and the capital of the Prades "arrondissement".

In Catalan, the name of the "commune" is "Prada", a word that comes from the Latin word "prata" ("prairie").

Prades is the main ciy of the Conflent, a natural region of the Pyrénées-Orientales; it is at the foothill of the Canigou mountain, to the west of Perpignan. The Têt river flows through the city.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" is at from Perpignan. It is surrounded by the "communes" Catllar, Eus, Los Masos, Clara, Taurinya, Codalet, Ria-Sirach.

The climate in Prades in the Köppen climate classification is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Prades city are known, in French, as "Pradéens" (women: "Pradéennes"); "Pradencs" and "Pradenques in Catalan".

With a population in 2014 of 5,927, Prades has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Prades

Prades is a subprefecture of the Pyrénées-Orientales department since 1790. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Prades and the administrative centre () of the canton Les Pyrénées catalanes with 62 "communes" and 26,765 inhabitants in 2014.

It is part of the intercommunality "Conflent Canigó" ().

Prades is twinned with:

Some places of interest in or around Prades are:


Prades was also the adopted home of cellist Pablo Casals and grammarian Pompeu Fabra during their exile from the Spanish Civil War. A small museum in Prades commemorates Casals.



Parliament of Great Britain

The Parliament of Great Britain was formed in 1707 and was the British legislature from 1707 until 1801. Members of parliament from all of Great Britain met in the House of Commons. Lords Temporal from Great Britain met in the House of Lords. During the 18th century, bishops from the Church of England (the state religion of England and Wales) also met in the House of Lords. (There are no bishops in the Church of Scotland.)

The parliament came into existence because the Parliament of England and the Parliament of Scotland ratified the Treaty of Union. Both parliaments made legislation (the Acts of Union 1707) to make a new unitary state with anew legislature. These acts of parliament created a new United Kingdom of Great Britain and dissolved (or ended) the separate English and Scottish parliaments. The British parliament met in the old home of the Parliament of England, in the old Palace of Westminster, in the City of Westminster near the City of London. This parliament lasted nearly a century, until the Act of Union 1800 merged the separate Parliament of Great Britain and the Irish Parliament into a single Parliament of the United Kingdom. It became effective 1 January 1801, the same date the kingdom of Ireland joined with Great Britain to form the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Alison Sound

Alison Sound is a sound in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada. It extends north and northwest from Belize Inlet. There is no connection to Allison Harbour, which is to the southwest.


Gerald Nicholas McAllister

The Right Reverend Gerald Nicholas McAllister (February 16, 1923 — June 10, 2014) was third bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Oklahoma (1977-1989). He married Helen Earle Black. He was ordained to the diaconate on September 30, 1953. He was ordained to the priesthood on September 24, 1954. He was known for performing the wedding of Lyndon B. Johnson's daughter, Lyndia Bird Johnson at the White House. He was born in San Antonio, Texas.

McAllister died in San Antonio, Texas, aged 91.

Grand Island, New York

Grand Island is a town and an island in Erie County, New York. As of the 2020 census, the town population is 21,389. The town was once nominated to be the headquarters for the United Nations, but lost to New York City. 

The town was founded in 1651 and became part of the British Colony of New York in 1764. It became a town in 1852.

Dorothy Thompson

Dorothy Thompson (July 9, 1893 – January 30, 1961) was an American journalist and radio broadcaster. She was the first female journalist to be sent out of Nazi Germany in 1934. She was one of few women presenters on the radio in the 1930s.

She worked for women's suffrage in the United States. After that, she worked for Berlin division of the "New York Post".

Thompson was born in Lancaster, New York. She died, aged 67, in Lisbon, Portugal.

Brother Rat and a Baby

Brother Rat and a Baby is a 1940 American comedy movie directed by Ray Enright. It stars Priscilla Lane, Wayne Morris, Jane Bryan, Eddie Albert, Jane Wyman, and Ronald Reagan. It is a sequel to "Brother Rat". 

Brother Rat

Brother Rat is a 1938 American comedy movie directed by William Keighley. It stars Priscilla Lane, Wayne Morris, Johnnie Davis, Jane Bryan, Eddie Albert, Jane Wyman, and Ronald Reagan. It was released on October 29, 1938. A sequel title "Brother Rat and a Baby" was released in 1940.

Jane Bryan

Jane Bryan (June 11, 1918 – April 8, 2009) was an American actress. Her career began in 1936. Bryan was known for She retired in 1940 because she married a drugstore manager. She was known for her role in "Brother Rat" and in "Brother Rat and a Baby".

Bryan and her husband helped make Ronald Reagan run for President of the United States in 1980.


Mipham Chokyi Lodro

Mipham Chokyi Lodro (27 October 1952 - 11 June 2014), also known as Kunzig Shamar Rinpoche, was the 14th Shamarpa of the Karma Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism.

While giving teachings, the 14th Shamarpa died in Renchen, Germany on 11 June 2014 due to a sudden heart attack, aged 61.

Liz Phair

Elizabeth Clark "Liz" Phair (born April 17, 1967) is an American singer-songwriter and a guitarist.

Her career began in the early 1990s. She began by self-releasing audio cassettes using the nickname of Girly Sound. Her 1993 debut studio album "Exile in Guyville" was released with critical acclaim. She has sold nearly three million records worldwide.

Phair was born in New Haven, Connecticut. She was adopted and grew up in Chicago suburb Winnetka, Illinois.

Hattiesburg, Mississippi

Hattiesburg is a city in Mississippi. The population was 48,730 in the 2020 census.

Columbus, Mississippi

Columbus is a city in Lowndes County Mississippi. It is also the county seat of Lowndes County. The population was 24,084 at the 2020 census. The explorer Hernando de Soto. spent the winter of 1540–41 with the Chickasaw tribe camped near what is now the city of Columbus.

Yazoo City, Mississippi

Yazoo City is a city in Mississippi. It is the county seat of Yazoo County, Mississippi. The population in 2020 was 10,316. Yazoo city was named after the Yazoo River, which was named by the French explorer Robert La Salle in 1682. He named it after the Yazoo tribe who lived nearby.

Sherri Shepherd

Sherri Shepherd (born April 22, 1967) is an American comedian and actress. She co-hosts "The View" on ABC Network. On the show "Suddenly Susan", she played Miranda Charles and Roni. She also played Angie Jordan on the sitcom "30 Rock". 

Shepherd was born in Chicago.

Interlanguage fossilization

Interlanguage fossilization is when people learning a second language takie rules from their native language and incorrectly apply them to the second language they are learning. This results in a language system that is different from both the person's native language and second language. In 1972, Selinker showed the concept of "interlanguage fossilization".

There are two reasons why the interlanguage fossilization happens:




Alice Lake

Alice Lake (September 12, 1895 – November 15, 1967) was an American movie actress. She was particularly popular in the silent era. She played A Fair Customer in the movie "The Waiters' Ball" in 1916. She also played Jean Oliver in "The Hole in the Wall".

Lake was born in Brooklyn, New York. She died of a heart attack in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California at age 71.

Wayne Morris (American actor)

Wayne Morris (February 17, 1914 – September 14, 1959), born Bert DeWayne Morris was an American actor. He was known for his roles in "Paths of Glory", "The Bushwackers", "Kid Galahad", "Brother Rat", and its sequel "Brother Rat and a Baby".

Morris died from a massive heart attack in Oakland, California, aged 45.


Eric Cantor

Eric Ivan Cantor (born June 6, 1963) is a former member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He served from 2001 to 2014. He was the House Majority Leader from 2011 to 2014. He is a member of the Republican Party.

On June 10, 2014, in his bid for re-election, Cantor lost the Republican primary to economics professor Dave Brat. Following his primary defeat, Cantor announced his resignation as House Majority Leader effective July 31. In an interview with the Richmond Times-Dispatch on July 31, 2014, Cantor revealed that he will resign from Congress effective August 18. He also said that he has asked Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe to call for a special election on November 4, 2014 that would coincide with the general election.


It's a Great Feeling

It's a Great Feeling is a 1949 American musical-comedy movie directed by David Butler. It was released on August 1, 1949. It was distributed by Warner Bros.. The movie was originally titled "Two Guys and a Gal".

The movie is a spoof about how real movies are made in Hollywood and directors show how they make them, like behind the scenes. They are in a movie studio where many other famous actors appear.


Many of the studio's most popular stars and directors make cameo appearances throughout the movie. Among them are:


The movie received many positive reviews because of its variety of actors.

The movie was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Song.


Edge and Christian

Edge and Christian (E&C) was a professional wrestling tag team. The team was made up of legit (real life) best friends Edge and Christian. Edge and Christian are best known for competing in World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWE). During their time as a tag team, they were able to win the WWF Tag Team Championship on seven different occasions. They were first portrayed as on-screen brothers during the mid-2000s but that was later fazed out and they were announced as childhood friends in 2010.

The team split up in 2001 and reunited for a short while in 2011 but it ended after Edge had to announce to his retirement due to a neck injury on the April 11 episode of "Monday Night Raw". They were also known for competing in TLC matches (TLC matches) where they competed in the very first one at SummerSlam and defeated The Hardy Boyz (Matt and Jeff) and The Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray and D-Von).




Rafael Lecuona

Rafael Argelio Lecuona (June 2, 1928 – June 7, 2014) was a Cuban-American gymnast and later political science professor. He was a competive gymnast from 1948 until 1956.

Lecuona represented Cuba three times at the Summer Olympics: 1948 in London, England, 1952 in Helsinki, Finland, and 1956 in Melbourne, Australia. He was also in the Pan American Games twice: in Buenos Aires Argentina (1951) and Mexico City, Mexico (1955). He was a member of the Florida State University men's gymnastics team from 1953 to 1956.

Later, he was a science professor at Texas A&M International University in Laredo, Texas from 1970 to 2002.

Lecuona was born in Havana, the nephew of Ernesto Lecuona, the Cuban composer and musician. He left Cuba for the United States after Fidel Castro rose to power. He was anti-communist and never returned to Cuba again. He was married twice in the U.S. and had two children with his first wife.

Lecuona died on June 7, 2014 in San Antonio, Texas, aged 86.


Susanville, California

Susanville (formerly, Rooptown) is the county seat of Lassen County, California, United States. Susanville is located on the Susan River in the southern part of the county. In 2020, the population was 16,728 people.

Nearly half of the adult population works at one of the nearby three prisons, Federal Correctional Institution, Herlong, California Correctional Center, and the High Desert State Prison.


Wilsonville, Oregon

Wilsonville is a city in Clackamas County, Oregon, United States. The community became Wilsonville in 1880. The city was incorporated in 1969 with a population of around 1,000. The population was 26,664 at the 2020 census.

Wilsonville, Alabama

Wilsonville is a town in southeastern Shelby County, Alabama, United States. It is northeast of Columbiana. At the 2020 census the population was 1,857.

Columbiana, Alabama

Columbiana is a city in Shelby County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 4,462. The city is the county seat of Shelby County.

Wilsonville, Nebraska

Wilsonville is a village in Furnas County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 75 at the 2020 census.

Thompson, Connecticut

Thompson is a rural town in Windham County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 9,189 at the 2020 census.

Kennebunkport

Kennebunkport is a town in York County, Maine, United States. The population was 3,629 people at the 2020 census.

Veronica Lazăr

Veronica Lazăr (16 October 1938 - 8 June 2014) was a Romanian-Italian actress. She was known for her roles in "Last Tango in Paris" (1973), "La Luna" (1979), "The Sheltering Sky" (1990), and "Besieged" (1998).

She married Italian actor Adolfo Celi in 1966. They had two children, director Leonardo Celi and actress Alessandra Celi. Her last role was in "Me and You" (2012).

Adolfo Celi

Adolfo Celi (27 July 1922 – 19 February 1986) was an Italian movie actor and director. He was known for his role as Emilio Largo in the 1965 James Bond movie "Thunderball". Celi would reprise his role in a spoof titled "OK Connery". He was married to actress Veronica Lazăr. 

Bridport, Vermont

Bridport is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States. The town was founded October 9, 1761. The population was 1,225 at the 2020 census.

Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure

Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure is a 2001 American direct-to-video animated movie. It was produced by Jeannine Roussel and David W. King and was directed by Darrell Rooney and Jeannine Roussel. It is the sequel to the 1955 movie "Lady and the Tramp". Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure was released on February 27, 2001 in the North America. The movie about Lady and Tramp's son, Scamp, wanting to be a "wild dog".

The movie holds a 45% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.


Additional voices

These last ones have provided the voice for these characters, but weren't mentioned in the credits at all.


Howrah

Howrah (or Haora) is the one of the largest cities in the Indian state of West Bengal and is a part of Kolkata metro area. The city is on the Hooghly River across from its twin city of Kolkata. Howrah is famous for Howrah Station, and the Howrah Bridge, which connects the two cities. As of 2011, people lived in Howrah.

Speed of Sound (song)

"Speed of Sound" is the first single off British alternative rock band Coldplay's third studio album "X&Y". The song was released on 23 May 2005. The song is build around a piano riff which later builds a synthesiser-heavy chorus. It was named Song of the Year by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (ASCAP). 

The song was nominated for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance By a Duo or Group With Vocals at the 2006 Grammy Awards.


Ernesto Lecuona

Ernesto Lecuona y Casado (August 6, 1895 – November 29, 1963) was a Cuban composer and pianist of worldwide fame. He composed over six hundred pieces, mostly in the Cuban vein, and was a pianist of exceptional skill.

As a child prodigy, he composed his first song at the age of 11. Lecuona graduated from the National Conservatory of Havana with a Gold Medal for interpretation when he was sixteen. He performed in New York in 1916.

He was a prolific composer of songs and music for stage and film. His works in Afro-Cuban and Cuban rhythms are still very famous. They include "Siboney" ("Canto Siboney"), "Comparsa", "Malagueña" and "The Breeze And I" ("Andalucía"). In 1942, his great hit, "Always in my heart" ("Siempre en mi Corazon") was nominated for an Oscar for Best Song. Lecuona wrote music for stage and screen. His own musical stage show, "María la O", premiered in Havana on March 1, 1930.

Lecuona gave concerts all through his adult life, in Europe and the Americas. They often featured his own compositions. He first travelled to Spain in 1924, and his successful piano recitals in 1928 at Paris coincided with a rise in interest in Cuban music.

Lecuona gave help and the use of his name to the popular touring group, the Lecuona Cuban Boys, but he did not play as a member of the band. He did sometimes play piano solos as the first item on the bill. The Lecuona Cuban Boys were highly successful in the 1930s, and toured Europe every year. They lasted until the Cuban revolution of 1959. Lecuona himself left Cuba and spent his last few years in the United States.

The Brothers of Destruction

The Brothers of Destruction was a professional wrestling tag team. The team was made up of The Undertaker and Kane. The Brothers of Destruction are best known for competing in World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/E). During their time as a tag team, they were able to win the WWF World Tag Team Championship on two different occasions. The team was managed by Paul Bearer



Brazilian three-banded armadillo

The Brazilian three-banded armadillo ("Tolypeutes tricinctus") is a species of armadillo endemic to Brazil. It is one of two species which can roll into a ball. The other is the Southern three-banded armadillo. It is the most rare species of armadillo: most live in the region called Caatinga, in north-east Brazil. Until the 1990s, the species was thought to be extinct, now it is classified as vulnerable.

Rajalakshmi Engineering College

Rajalakshmi Engineering College, commonly called R.E.C, is an engineering college in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. 

Misty May-Treanor

Misty Elizabeth May-Treanor (born July 30, 1977) is a retired American professional beach volleyball player. She is a three-time Olympic gold medalist. As of August 2012 she is the most successful female beach volleyball player. She has 112 individual championship wins in domestic and international competition. 

Misty May-Treanor was the college player of the year twice. In 1998 she was the NCAA championship co-Most Valuable Player. In the 2004 Summer Olympics Misty May-Treanor and Keri Walsh (her volleyball partner) were the first Americans to get a gold medal in beach volleyball. In 2007 Walsh and May-Treanor were the first to win three straight world titles since the Fédération Internationale de Volleyball (FIVB) began sponsoring the event in 1997.

Misty May-Treanor plays as an attacker and a defender in Volleyball. Her partner Kerri Walsh is a "master blocker". She had earned 1.6 million dollars by having 89 victories by the end of 2007.

In 2004 Misty May married Matt Treanor the catcher for the Florida Marlins. She has two kids. She attended California State University Long Beach, California.


Portmeirion

Portmeirion is a tourist village in Gwynedd, North Wales. The village is in the community of Penrhyndeudraeth. Its is next to the River Dwyryd. It was created and built by Clough Williams-Ellis. He created and built it between the years 1925 and 1975. He wanted it to look like an Italian village. A charity owns it. Many movies and television shows were filmed there, including "The Prisoner".

Portmeirion looks a lot like the Italian city of Portofino. But, Clough Williams-Ellis, who created Portmeirion, always said that it was "not" based on the city of Portofino. He said he did want it to look like it was a place near the Mediterranean, though. He designed and built the village between the years of 1925 and 1975. The mix of architecture in the village is believed to have influenced postmodernism architecture in the late 1900s.

An old estate used to be located on the property before Portmeirion was built. It was called "Aber Iâ" (). The hotel and three cottages, which are named "White Horses", "Mermaid", and "The Salutation", are part of the original estate. It was built in the 1850s. Before the estate, there was a foundry and a boatyard on site. There is also an old site which has a small group of remains from a mediaeval castle nearby.

In 1931, Williams-Ellis bought a Victorian mansion from his uncle Sir Osmund Williams, Bt. It was called Castell Deudraeth. Williams-Ellis planned on having the mansion be a part of the hotel. Lots of problems and the war did not allow that to happen. Williams-Ellis loved the building a lot and did anything he could to make it a part of the hotel. He received money from the Heritage Lottery Fund, the European Regional Development Fund, and Wales Tourist Board. This money allowed him to finally open Castell Deudraeth as a hotel with 11 bedrooms and a restaurant on August 20, 2001. Bryn Terfel performed at the opening.

There are a lot of rhododendrons at Portmeirion, which are part of gardens that go throughout the land. The gardens were started before Williams-Ellis lived there. They were started by George Henry Caton Haigh. An English charity owns Portmeirion, today. It is still a hotel. There is also a cafe, cottages for rent, shops, a tearoom, and a restaurant.

Lewis Mumford has written a lot about Portmeirion. He wrote a lot about it in his book, "The Highway and the City" in 1964.

A lot of people have found inspiration in Portmeirion. Noël Coward wrote the play "Blithe Spirit" while staying in a cottage at Portmeirion. Frank Lloyd Wright, Gregory Peck, Ingrid Bergman, and Paul McCartney have visited. Jools Holland visited it while he was making a TV show called "The Tube". He loved Portmeirion so much that he used its type of architecture in building his recording studio and house in Blackheath.

The village is used in many movies and television shows to look like the shows are taking place in an exotic place in Europe. Episodes of "Danger Man", "Doctor Who", and "The Prisoner" have been filmed at Portmeirion. Many bands and musicians have recorded videos, songs, and held concerts there to do with "The Prisoner", including Supergrass, Iron Maiden, XTC, Siouxsie and the Banshees, and a music festival called Festival N°6.


Sirius Passet

Sirius Passet is a special fossil site, a Cambrian lagerstätte in Greenland. It is from six places on the eastern shore of a fjord in the far north of Greenland. It was discovered in 1984. About 10,000 fossil specimens have been collected so far.

The fauna is just before that of the Burgess Shale, probably ten to fifteen million years older – 518 vs. 505 mya. There were no vertebrates at that time: all the animals were invertebrates.

The fauna includes some arthropods and sponges, and rare representatives of other groups. A polychaete annelid from the Sirius Passet was described in 2008. Polychaete annelids are a significant part of the Burgess Shale fauna, but are otherwise unknown from the other early Cambrian lagerstätten. This single species from a single place improves our knowledge of this group. 

Nicktoons Basketball

Nicktoons Basketball is a video game for the PC, released in 2004. It is based on a bunch Nickelodeon and Nick Jr. shows. It is the third Nicktoon game to be released by ImaginEngine, and also the first by Digital Eclipse.

The player plays basketball with SpongeBob SquarePants, Timmy Turner, , Danny Phantom, Tommy Pickles, Dora the Explorer,and more. The player can choose how they would like to control the game as well.

Oscar the Grouch

Oscar the Grouch is a green Muppet character on "Sesame Street". He was portrayed by Caroll Spinney.

John Wojtowicz

John Stanley Wojtowicz (March 9, 1945 - January 2, 2006) was an American bank robber. He was born in New York City to Polish immigrants. Dog Day Afternoon is based on a robbery he did in New York City in 1972.. Three documentaries have been made about him. Wojtowicz died of cancer on January 2, 2006 at his mother's home in New York City.

Menai Suspension Bridge

The Menai Suspension Bridge () is a suspension bridge in Wales. It runs from the island of Anglesey to Holyhead. It was designed by Thomas Telford. They started building it in 1819 and it was finished in 1826.

Before the bridge was built, the only way people could get to Anglesey island was by a ferry from Holyhead. The water of the Menai Strait is very rough and dangerous, so it was hard for people to use their own boats or swim to the island. The people who lived on Anglesey sold cattle that they raised. The cattle were forced to swim through the dangerous water, with many of them often dying. If the cows survived the trip, they were sent to London and other places to be sold. 

An engineer named Thomas Telford was working near Holyhead when he thought it would be a good idea to build a suspension bridge to Anglesey. A suspension bridge was big enough that tall ships could go underneath them. He asked the British Parliament if he could build the bridge and they said yes.

Telford designed the bridge. They started building it in 1819. The first thing to be built were the towers that are on both sides at Holyhead and Anglesey. The towers were made out of limestone from Penmon. They were hollow inside. After the towers were built, 16 chains were installed. They were made out of 935 bars of iron. They were long enough to support the long bridge. Iron can rust. So, the people who made the chains soaked them in linseed oil and the painted. The chains were long and weighed 121 tons. The bridge opened on January 30, 1826.

The road that went over the bridge was not very safe because of the strong winds. Workers made the bridge stronger in 1840. The bridge road was made of wood, and in 1893 it was replaced with steel. The bridge only allowed cars and trucks that weighted up to 4.5 tons to go over the bridge. This made it hard for big trucks to bring goods to the island. In 1938 they installed wrought iron chains to make the bridge strong. In 1999, the bridge closed for one month. The road was fixed and the bridge was made stronger. When it was closed, people had to drive over the Britannia Bridge to get to the island. 

One part of the bridge was closed for six months starting on February 28, 2005. The bridge was painted for the first time in 65 years. It was reopened on December 11.

The Anglesey Coastal Path goes under the bridge. There is a memorial to the Aberfan disaster victims at the bridge on Anglesey.

The closest town to the bridge is called Menai Bridge. British one pound coins have drawings of the bridge. The coins were made in 2005. The bridge is mentioned in "Through the Looking-Glass" by Lewis Carroll. 

Virginia Field

Virginia Field (4 November 1917 – 2 January 1992) was a British actress. She played Ianthe in the movie "The Primrose Path". She played Helena in the movie "Ladies in Love" (1936).

Field was born in London, England. She died in California of cancer of unknown primary origin.

D (programming language)

The D programming language is an object-oriented, imperative, multi-paradigm system programming language. D language originated as a re-engineering of C++, and D's design goals try combining the performance of compiled languages with the safety and expressive power of modern dynamic languages. Native D code is commonly as fast as equivalent C++ code, while being shorter and memory-safe.

This example program prints its command line arguments. The codice_1 function is the entry point of a D program, and codice_2 is an array of strings representing the command line arguments. A codice_3 in D is an array of characters, represented by codice_4 in D1, or codice_5 in D2.
import std.stdio: writefln;

void main(string[] args)

The codice_6 statement can iterate over any collection. In this case, it is producing a sequence of indexes (codice_7) and values (codice_8) from the array codice_2. The index codice_7 and the value codice_8 have their types inferred from the type of the array codice_2.

The following shows several D capabilities and D design trade-offs in a very short program. It iterates the lines of a text file named codice_13 that contains a different word on each line, and prints all the words that are anagrams of other words.

import std.stdio, std.algorithm, std.range, std.string;

void main()




Amy Fuller

Amy Vandy Fuller was a singer from Australia. She lived during the Victorian and Edwardian eras. Her sisters were Florence Fuller and Christie Fuller. She died suddenly on August 18, 1944. 

Fuller performed in Perth, Western Australia during the 1900s. She sang with a group called the Belle Crome Company. In 1905, she sang a leading role in the oratorio "Messiah" in His Majesty's Theatre in Perth. She used to sing in concert with her sister, Christie. They sang together once in Sydney in 1898 and in Perth in 1910.

Fuller started making art in the 1920s. She had her work on exhibit in Perth. Deborah Vernon Hackett attended the exhibit. She made art out of timber with flower designs.

Christie Fuller

Christie Fuller (died 15 August 1933) was a contralto singer from Australia. She was alive during the Victorian era. 

Christie Fuller was born Louisa Christie Fuller. She was the middle daughter of three girls. Her father's name was John Hobson Fuller. Her sisters were Amy Fuller and Florence Fuller. She moved to England to go to school in 1886. She returned to Australia in 1887. She moved to Melbourne. In August, 1890, she married a man named Charles Carty Lance. They were married in Melbourne. After they married they moved to Sydney. They had one child, a daughter named Silvia. She married and changed her name to Sylvia Lance Harper. She became a famous tennis player. Fuller died in the town of Strathfield in August 1933.

After moving to Melbourne in 1887, Fuller started singing for a living. Sometimes she performed by herself. Sometimes she performed with other people, including her sister Amy Fuller. They sang together in Sydney in 1898 and in Perth in 1910. Fuller traveled the world singing. She went to London and South Africa. She also toured across Australia.

Division of McPherson

The Division of McPherson is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It was set up in 1948 and is named after the McPherson Range. McPherson is in south east Queensland, and is based on the southern portion of the Gold Coast City.


Jiang Yi-huah

Jiang Yi-huah (; born 18 November 1960) is a Republic of China politician. He was the Premier of the Republic of China from 2013 to 2014.

Before he was Premier, Jiang was the Vice Premier of the Republic of China from 2012 to 2013. He was the Minister of the Interior from 2009 to 2012. He was the Minister of Research, Development and Evaluation Commission from 2008 to 2009.

Jiang was born 18 November 1960 in Keelung.

He earned his bachelor's and master's degree in political science from National Taiwan University (NTU). He earned a doctoral degree in political science from Yale University. Upon graduation, he returned to Taiwan to become a professor at NTU.

In 2008 he was appointed as the Minister of Research, Development and Evaluation Commission of the Executive Yuan. On 10 September 2009, Jiang was appointed as ROC Minister of the Interior (MOI). He was the youngest person to ever hold the office. Jiang was appointed Vice Premier on 6 February 2012. With this, he had to resign from his professorship at NTU. He became the Premier of the Republic of China on 18 February 2013. In five years he rose from a minister to premiere setting a record for advancement in the Taiwanese government. He is also the youngest premier in the last 50 years.

Frank Schirrmacher

Frank Schirrmacher (September 5, 1959 – June 12, 2014) was a German journalist, literature expert and essayist, writer. Since 1994, he was co-publisher of the national German newspaper "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung".

Schirrmacher died from a heart attack in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, aged 54.

Morton Grove, Illinois

Morton Grove is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 25,297.

Jim Wright

James Claude Wright, Jr. (December 22, 1922 – May 6, 2015) was an American politician from Texas. He served for 34 years in the U.S. House of Representatives and was the Speaker of the House from 1987 to 1989. Wright resigned from the House in 1989 because of a scandal.


Nebraska (movie)

Nebraska is a 2013 American black and white movie set in Montana, Nebraska and South Dakota. It was directed by Alexander Payne, and starring Bruce Dern, Will Forte, June Squibb, Stacy Keach and Bob Odenkirk. It was nominated for six Academy Awards.

Bob Odenkirk

Robert John "Bob" Odenkirk (born October 22, 1962) is an American actor, comedian, writer, director and producer. He is best known for being the co-creator and co-star of the HBO sketch comedy series "Mr. Show with Bob and David" and for his role as Saul Goodman on AMC's "Breaking Bad" and its spin-off series "Better Call Saul". He also starred in "The Post". In 2018, he starred as Winston Deavor in the Disney-Pixar movie "Incredibles 2".

On July 27, 2021, Odenkirk was taken to a hospital after collapsing while filming "Better Call Saul" in New Mexico from a heart-related medical emergency.


The Rock 'n' Sock Connection

The Rock 'N' Sock Connection was a professional wrestling tag team. The team was made up of The Rock and Mankind. The Rock 'N' Sock Connection are best known for competing in World Wrestling Federation (WWF). During their time as a tag team, they were able to win the WWF Tag Team Championship on three different occasions.



Cody, Wyoming

Cody is a city in Park County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 10,028 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Park County.

Cody, Florida

Cody is an unincorporated community in western Jefferson County, Florida, United States. It is west of Wacissa near the Leon County/Jefferson County line.

Wacissa, Florida

Wacissa is a small unincorporated community in Jefferson County, Florida, United States of America. It is in size. The population was 362 in 2020.

Cody, Nebraska

Cody is a village in Cherry County, Nebraska, United States. As of the 2020 census, the village had a total population of 168. The village has a total area of , all of it land.

Mills, Wyoming

Mills is a town in Natrona County, Wyoming, United States. It is part of the Casper, Wyoming Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 3,461 at the 2010 census.

Trego (CDP), Wisconsin

Trego (also Mills, Superior Junction) is an unincorporated census-designated place in the town of Trego, Wisconsin. It is in Washburn County, in the United States.

Trego, Wisconsin

Trego is a town in Washburn County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 885 at the 2000 census. The census-designated place of Trego is located in the town.

Transatlantic telegraph cable

A transatlantic telegraph cable is a cable running under the Atlantic Ocean. It was used for telegraph communications. The first was laid across the bottom of the Atlantic from Ireland to Newfoundland. The first message was sent on August 16, 1858. It was from Queen Victoria to President James Buchanan. The cables reduced the communication time between North America and Europe from ten days (by ship) to a matter of minutes. The first cable lasted only three weeks. Transatlantic telegraph cables have been replaced by transatlantic telecommunications cables.

<br>

Tribune of the plebs

Tribunes of the plebs were important officials in Ancient Rome. The plebeians (plebs) were the free Roman people who were not patricians.

The tribunes provided a balance between the power of the Senate and the needs of the people. There were ten tribunes at any time, and they could act separately or together. 

These tribunes had the power to use the People's Assembly (the Concilium Plebis) to support the common people. They could summon the Senate, propose legislation and intervene on the behalf of plebeians in legal matters. Most important of all was the power to veto the actions of the Consuls and other magistrates, to protect the interests of the plebeians. An assault on any plebian tribune was against the law.

Tribunes of the plebs were elected by the People's Assembly alone. They could be commoners, unlike all the other officials of the Roman Republic. Their role lasted for about 800 years, but under the Roman Empire they did not have real powers. They were in origin and style, a working part of the Roman Republic. 

Although a tribune could veto any action of the magistrates, Senate, or other assemblies, he had to be physically present in order to do so. Once the tribune was no longer present, the action could be completed as if the veto had not occurred. This meant that the tribunes' powers were limited to Rome itself, not the Republic in general.

Tom Werner

Thomas Charles Werner (born April 12, 1950) is an American television producer and businessman. Because of his investment in Fenway Sports Group, he is the chairman of both Liverpool Football Club and the Boston Red Sox.

Werner became a part owner of the San Diego Padres in 1990. Later, he was part of a group that purchased the Boston Red Sox. He became the chairman of the Red Sox on February 27, 2002. Werner became chairman of Liverpool Football Club in 2010. 

As a television producer, Werner created The Carsey-Werner Companyr with Marcy Carsey. The company has produced many series including "The Cosby Show", "Roseanne", "3rd Rock from the Sun" and "That '70s Show." 

Allison Mack

Allison Mack (born July 29, 1982) is an American actress. She played Chloe Sullivan in the television series "Smallville". She played Kate Jacobs in the television series "Opposite Sex".

Mack was born in Preetz, West Germany to American parents.

Mack was arrested by the FBI in Brooklyn on April 20, 2018, on charges of sex trafficking, sex trafficking conspiracy and forced labor conspiracy. On June 30, 2021, she was sentenced to three years in prison. On July 3, 2023, she was released.

Elizabeth Goudge

Elizabeth de Beauchamp Goudge (24 April 1900 – 1 April 1984) was an English author of novels, short stories and children's books. She wrote under the name Elizabeth Goudge. She received a Carnegie Medal for children's books in 1946 for "The Little White Horse".

She became a best selling author, both in the United Kingdom and United States.

She was born in Wells, Somerset, England. She died at the age of 83.

Elon Musk

Elon Reeve Musk (born June 28, 1971) is a South African-born American businessman. He moved to Canada and later became a U.S. citizen. 

Musk is the current CEO & Chief Product Architect of Tesla, Inc., a company that makes electric vehicles. He is also the CEO of Solar City, a company that makes solar panels, and the CEO & CTO of SpaceX, an aerospace company. 

In 2022, he became the owner of the social media site Twitter after buying it for USD $44 billion.

Musk is the second-wealthiest person in the world, according to both the "Bloomberg Billionaires Index" and "Forbes" real-time billionaires list. In 2021, he was Time Person of the Year. 

Elon Musk was born to a Canadian mother and a South African-born British father in Pretoria, South Africa on June 28, 1971. His parents divorced in 1981 and he mainly lived with his father in different places in South Africa. He went to Waterkloof House Preparatory School and graduated from Pretoria Boys High School. He then moved to Canada in 1988 when he was 17 after obtaining Canadian citizenship through his mother. He got it before his South African military service was to begin. He felt that it would be easier to immigrate to the United States from Canada than from South Africa. Musk and his brother started Zip2, a software company, in 1995. In 1999 he sold it and became a millionaire. He then started X.com, which merged with the company to make PayPal. X.com was then renamed to PayPal, and he focused on the growing part of the company. He then started SpaceX and became the CEO of Tesla.

He spent two years at the Queen's School of Business in Kingston, Ontario. He moved to the University of Pennsylvania where he earned a bachelor's degree in economics from the Wharton School. He stayed a year to finish his second bachelor's degree in physics. Then he moved to California to attempt to get a PhD in applied physics at Stanford but he left the program after only two days because he wanted to pursue his entrepreneurial aspirations. These were to start businesses in the internet, renewable energy and outer space. He became an American citizen in 2002.

At the end of 2017, Musk founded The Boring Company which focuses on tunneling and infrastructure. He mentioned Los Angeles traffic as the reason for starting this company. In March 2017 Elon Musk announced he had started another company that aimed to merge human brains with computers called Neuralink.

At April 2018 he was worth over $10 billion, making him the 37th most wealthy American. Musk is also known for helping design and create the Falcon Heavy rocket, which successfully launched on February 6, 2019.

In 2022, Musk bought Twitter after complaining about Internet censorship and criticizing Twitter for suspending the Babylon Bee. During his first few weeks as CEO, he has attracted criticism from some people. Many of them criticize him for laying off many employees at once, as well as appearing to have no interest in moderating hate speech.




Dorothy Tree

Dorothy Tree (born Dorothy Estelle Triebitz, May 21, 1906 – February 13, 1992) was an American actress and author. She appeared in many character roles in movies between 1927 and 1951. She played May Emmerich in "The Asphalt Jungle". She also played Frances in "Having Wonderful Time".

Tree was born in Brooklyn, New York. She died of heart failure at age eighty-five in Englewood, New Jersey.

Martha Scott

Martha Ellen Scott (September 22, 1912 – May 28, 2003) was an American movie and television actress. She played Janie Prescott in "Hi Diddle Diddle". She also played Catherine in the movie "In Old Oklahoma". 

Scott was born in Jamesport, Missouri. She died at the age of 90.

 

Carol Shields

Carol Ann Shields (June 2, 1935 – July 16, 2003) was an American and Canadian author. She was best known for her 1993 novel "The Stone Diaries". The book won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. She wrote many other books and short stories. She worked at the University of Manitoba. 

Shields was born in Oak Park, Illinois. She died of breast cancer in Victoria, British Columbia at 68.

List of municipalities in Louisiana

Louisiana is a state located in the Southern United States. The 2020 United States census says that 4,657,757 people live in Louisiana. It is in size. In the United States it is number 25 in population and number 33 in land area.

Louisiana has 64 parishes (counties). It has 304 municipalities (cities, towns, or villages). Four of the municipalities in Louisiana are "consolidated city-parishes". This means that these cities and the counties around them have one government. 7.8% of the state has municipalities on it. 46.4% of people in Louisiana live in municipalities.

Groups of people living in an area can become municipalities if enough people live there. Municipalities can be cities, towns or villages. In Louisiana, a city has at least five thousand people living in it. A town has more than one thousand people living in it, but fewer than five thousand people living in it. A village has one thousand or fewer people living in it. The governor of a municipality can change whether it is a town, city, or village. This happens if the board of aldermen ask for it and if a different number of people live there now.

The biggest municipality in Louisiana is New Orleans. It has the most people (383,997 people live there) and also has the biggest area (). The municipality with the fewest people is Mound, which has twelve people living in it. The municipality with the smallest area is Napoleonville, which is in size. Natchitoches has been a municipality the longest. It has been a municipality since 1712. Central is the newest municipality. It has been a municipality since 2005. 


Glucose meter

A glucose meter is a medical tool that measures glucose in human blood. It is an important part of blood glucose checking for people with diabetes mellitus or hypoglycemia. A drop of blood is placed on a test strip. The meter reads the strip and displays the blood sugar levels.

The tests are used for type 1 diabetes, latent autoimmune diabetes of adults and type 2 diabetes. Home tests for type 2 diabetes came more slowly than for type 1.

Bogalusa, Louisiana

Bogalusa is a city in Louisiana.

Baker, Louisiana

Baker is a small city in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States, and a part of the Baton Rouge Area. It is the third-largest city in East Baton Rouge Parish. The population was 12,455 at the 2020 census, an decrease of 1,440 persons from the 13,895 people counted in the 2010 census. 

Zachary, Louisiana

Zachary is a city in Louisiana.

Khagen Mahanta

Khagen Mahanta () (17 August 1941 – 12 June 2014) was folk and traditional musician. Mahanta was known as the "King of Bihu". His Bihu songs, Borgeet and other folk songs helped shaped the form of his society. The artist along with his wife Archana Mahanta and son Angaraag Mahanta represent one of the most influential families in Assamese music. 

He died on 12 June 2014 from heart disease, aged 72.

Hiren Bhattacharyya

Hiren Bhattacharyya () (28 July 1932 – 4 July 2012) was one of the best known Indian poets working in the Assamese language. He had many works published in Assamese and achieved many prizes and honors for his poetry. He is known as Hiruda () among his fans. Prem aru Rodalir Kobi ("Poet of Love and Sunshine") () is his other name in the Assamese literature.

Jimmy Scott

James Victor "Jimmy" Scott (July 17, 1925 – June 12, 2014), also known as "Little" Jimmy Scott, was an American jazz singer. He was known for his unusually high contralto voice. This is because he had Kallmann's syndrome, a very rare genetic condition. The condition prevented him from reaching puberty, leaving him with a high, undeveloped voice.

Scott died in Las Vegas, Nevada from cardiac arrest, aged 88.

Robert Peters

Robert Louis Peters (October 20, 1924 - June 13, 2014) was an American poet, critic, scholar, playwright, editor, and actor. His poetry career began in 1967 when he wanted to write a poem about the death of his son. The poem was called "Songs for a Son". 

After Peters divorced, he began dating Paul Trachtenberg. Their relationship lasted for 36 years.

Peters died on June 13, 2014 from natural causes at the age of 89. 



Gyula Grosics

Gyula Grosics (4 February 1926 – 13 June 2014) was a Hungarian football goalkeeper. He played 86 times for the Hungarian national football team and was part of the legendary Golden Team of the 1950s. He was nicknamed the Black Panther ().

Grosics died on 13 June 2014, aged 88.

Dorog

Dorog () is a small town in Komárom-Esztergom, Hungary. It is northwest of the center of Budapest.

Gilles Ségal

Gilles Ségal (13 January 1929 – 11 June 2014) was a French actor and playwright. He starred in more than sixty movies beginning in 1954. He was born in Fălticeni, Romania. He is known for his role as a heist participant in Jules Dassin's "Topkapi".

Ségal died in France, aged 82.

Australian Federation of Women Voters

The Australian Federation of Women Voters (AFWV) was an organization from Australia. It lobbied for women's suffrage. AFWV was started in 1921.

The idea for the organization started at a meeting of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union in Perth in 1918. By the time the Union met again in 1921, the AFWV was founded. Bessie Rischbieth was the first president of the organization.They had a magazine called "The Dawn". They helped get the first woman from Australia to represent them at the Legion of Nations in 1922. After she went, they had a woman attend for them to the Legion of Nations three more times: 1928, 1935, and 1936. They wrote a memorandum about sex discrimination in Australia called the "Status of Women," in 1937. Ten years later, in 1947, they wrote another. 

In 1972, the organization ended. It became a part of the Women's Electoral Lobby.


Jim Keays

James "Jim" Keays (9 September 1946 – 13 June 2014) was a Scottish-born Australian singer-songwriter and musician. He was best known for fronting the hard rock band The Masters Apprentices from 1965 until 1972. He performed also as a bass guitarist. Until his death, he had been active since 1964. He was later a solo musician and a member of the band Cotton Keays & Morris with Darryl Cotton and Russell Morris from 2000 until 2012.
Keays was born in Glasgow, Scotland. He was adopted when he was six months old. When he was four, his family moved to Adelaide, South Australia.

Keays died from pneumonia caused by multiple myeloma on 13 June 2014 in Melbourne, Victoria, aged 67. He had been diagnosed with cancer in July 2007.


Dorothy Morrison

Dorothy Morrison (January 3, 1919 - October 18, 2017), was an American actress. She appeared in a few Our Gang movies during the silent era. Her older brother was Ernie Morrison, another member of the movie series. Some of her movies include "The Champeen", "Seein' Things", "The Love Bug", "Isn't Life Terrible?" and "Hearts in Dixie". Her last movie was a short called "Sleepless Hollow" in 1936.


Wilson, North Carolina

Wilson is a city and county seat of Wilson County, North Carolina. It is 40 miles east of Raleigh, North Carolina. The population was 47,851 at the 2020 census.

Meju

Meju is a brick of fermented soybeans in Korean cuisine. It is used in Korean cuisine to make essential condiments such as soy sauce (kanjang), soybean paste (doenjang) and red chilli pepper paste (gochujang). Meju is produced by drying a brick of soybeans. The brick of soybeans is naturally fermented while it dries. There are several ways to make a brick of soybeans. Traditionally, boiled soybeans were crushed in a mortar and made into a brick shape to be tied up with straw.

"Meju" was commonly made in any Korean home in the past. Condiments made with mejus all tasted different because the production of meju was not standardized. As many Koreans now buy Korean traditional condiments instead of making them, it is difficult to find the wide variety of unique tasting condiments made from homemade meju.

The meaning of the word ‘meju’ originally included all condiments and seasonings made with meju. However, as another word ‘jang’ was used more frequently to refer to condiments made with meju, the meaning of the word ‘meju’ shifted to refer only to the stage before it is used in condiments. Scholars believe the Japanese word ‘miso’ which is similar to Korean doenjang came from the word ‘meju’.

WC and the Maad Circle

WC and the Maad Circle is an American hip hop group formed in 1990.


Alexander McQueen

Lee Alexander McQueen (17 March 1969 – 11 February 2010) was a British fashion designer and couturier. His creative and experimental design received a lot of attention in the world of fashion.

McQueen was born on 17 March 1969 at University Hospital Lewisham in Lewisham, London. He started drawing at age three. He wanted to be a designer since he was in primary school. McQueen left school at age 16 and started to serve an apprenticeship with Savile Row tailors in 'Anderson & Sheppard'. Afterwards, he also worked for 'Gieves & Hawkes', which made stage costumes for famous shows in London. The skills he learned as an apprentice on Savile Row helped him to get a reputation in the fashion world. At the age of 21, McQueen was hired by Romeo Gigli as assistant designer in Italy.
In 1994, McQueen returned to London and got a master's degree from Central Saint Martins College. It was the turning point that led him to be a designer. McQueen worked at Givenchy as a head designer from 1996 to 2001. After he separated with Givenchy, he focused on his own label. Then, in 2001, he made a debut with "The Dance of the Twisted Bull" collection in Paris which provoked some scandals.
In 2001 "Gucci" Group got 51% shares of Alexander McQueen brand, which was named after McQueen, and became his new partner. As time passed, McQueen launched "McQ" as second brand, and "My Queen" as perfume brand. McQueen also conducted various brand and design collaboration with Puma, Samsonite and Chivas Regal. By the end of 2006, Alexander McQueen brand has entered 25 cities including London, Paris, New York City, Boston, Milan, Moscow, Tokyo and Seoul.

In 1996, he was nominated as the youngest British Fashion Designer of the Year, and again in 1997, 2001 and 2003. Moreover, in 2003 he was nominated as by Council of Fashion Designers of America(CFDA) and received 'Commander of the Order of the British Empire' from Queen. From mid 1990s to 2000s, he had success in his career.

McQueen was openly gay. He suffered from depression since the suicide of his close friend Isabella Blow. He hanged himself at his London home nine days after from the death of his mother. Depression was presumed to be the cause of his suicide. After his death, Sarah Burton is now the chief designer of the Alexander McQueen business.

 

Virginia Hamilton

Virginia Esther Hamilton (March 12, 1934 – February 19, 2002) was an African-American author of children's books. She was born and raised in Yellow Springs, Ohio.

Virginia Hamilton’s mother was Etta Bella Perry Hamilton and her father was Kenneth James Hamilton. She attended Antioch College, Ohio State University, and New School for Social Research. On March 19, 1960 Hamilton married Arnold Adoff. They had two children together, Leigh Hamilton Adoff and Jamie Levi Adoff.

Virginia Hamilton wrote mainly about African American folktales and heritage.  Hamilton wrote her stories first thinking about characterization, settings, and themes, then touching on racial topics.  She also wrote about social issues, sibling rivalry, and peer pressure.

She received many awards for her writing. For "M. C. Higgins, the Great", a tale of a black boy growing up poor in the South, she won the U.S. National Book Award and the Newbery Medal in 1975. For lifetime achievement, she won the international Hans Christian Andersen Award for writing children's literature in 1992 and a Laura Ingalls Wilder Medal in 1995. Because of the racial discrimination against African Americans during her lifetime, her achievements are especially important.

She died in Dayton, Ohio of breast cancer.


Ruth Handler

Ruth Marianna Handler (née Mosko; November 4, 1916 – April 27, 2002) was an American businesswoman and inventor. She helped invent the Barbie doll. She was also the co-founder of toy company Mattel with her husband Elliot. She was the company's first president from 1945 to 1975.

The Handlers were forced to resign from Mattel in 1975 after the Securities and Exchange Commission investigated the company for faking financial documents and for committing tax evasion.

Handler was born in Denver, Colorado. She died from complications of colon cancer surgery at age 85 in Los Angeles.

Handler was played by Rhea Perlman in the 2023 movie "Barbie". 

Dee Dee Ramone

Dee Dee Ramone (born Douglas Glenn Colvin; September 18, 1951 – June 5, 2002) was a German-American singer, songwriter and musician. He was best known for being a founding member of the Ramones.

He was mostly a punk rock singer, but he also made some hip hop music.

Ramone was born in Fort Lee, Virginia. He died from a heroin overdose, aged 50.

Carmen Silvera

Carmen Silvera (3 June 1922 – 3 August 2002) was a Canadian-born British comic actress. She played Camilla Hope in the soap opera "Compact". She also played Mrs. Van Schuyler in Lillie in 1978.

Silvera was born in Toronto, Canada. She died from lung cancer at age 80 in England.

Mahdi Elmandjra

Mahdi Elmandjra (Arabic: مهدي المنجرة) (13 March 1933 – 13 June 2014) was a Moroccan futurist, economist, writer and sociologist. He was best known for his leadership roles with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO). 

Elmandjra was born in Rabat. He was educated in Morocco, the United States and the United Kingdom.

Elmandjra died after a long illness on 13 June 2014 in Rabat, aged 81.

2014 FIFA World Cup Group G

Group G of the 2014 FIFA World Cup has the teams Germany, Portugal, Ghana and the United States. The first game begins of June 16, and the last game ends on June 26. Germany and the United States both moved on to the next round, while Germany won the group.

The two teams have met in 17 previous games, with the most recent game being won by Germany 1–0 in the UEFA Euro 2012.

Germany took the lead after Thomas Müller scored a penalty that was awarded to them after the foul by João Pereira. Mats Hummels doubled their advantage after he scored from a corner that was taken by Toni Kroos. Shortly before half time, Pepe got a red card and Thomas Müller scored again. Thomas Müller scored the final goal at the 78th minute, which finished the game at 4–0.

Previously, the two teams have met 2 times, both in World Cup matches. In the 2006 FIFA World Cup, Ghana defeated the United States 2–1 in the group stage, and in the 2010 FIFA World Cup, Ghana defeated the United States again 2–1 in the Round of 16.

Clint Dempsey scored one of the earliest goals in World Cup history, 30 seconds after the kickoff. The Americans were in the lead until André Ayew equalized the score at the 82nd minute. However, the Americans scored again just four minutes later from John Brooks header.

The teams met twice in history, including a match in the 2010 FIFA World Cup where Germany won 1–0. The two teams have brothers that will face each other, including Kevin-Prince Boateng of Ghana and Jérôme Boateng of Germany.

The Germans took the lead at the 51st minute after Thomas Müller's cross helped Mario Götze score. Ghana equalized three minutes later when André Ayew headed in Harrison Afful's corner. Ghana then took the lead when Philipp Lahm's pass was intercepted and given to Asamoah Gyan to score at the 63rd minute. Luckily for the Germans, Miroslav Klose equalized the score after a corner was taken by Toni Kroos. The goal became Klose's 15th world cup goal, equalizing Ronaldo's same record. He also joined players Pelé and Uwe Seeler as the only players to have scored in four FIFA World Cup's.

The teams have met in 5 games, including a match in the 2002 FIFA World Cup group stage which was won by the United States 3–2.

The game started perfectly for the Portuguese, as Nani scored at the 5th minute when Geoff Cameron's clearance landed at the feet of Nani. The game went on without goals until Jermaine Jones's goal equalized the game from a corner. The Americans took the lead after Clint Dempsey scored from Graham Zusi's cross. Luckily for the Portuguese, Varela scored at the last minute from a cross from Cristiano Ronaldo. Varela's goal was one of the latest goals in FIFA World Cup history.

The two teams have met 5 times, including a group stage match in the 1998 FIFA World Cup which was won by Germany 2–0, and a guarter-finals match in the 2002 FIFA World Cup which was also won by Germany 1–0. Current United States coach Jürgen Klinsmann played for Germany and also managed Germany in 2006.

The match was goaless until Thomas Müller scored his ninth World Cup goal at the 55th minute. The goal was the winning goal of the match, and Germany was victorious 1–0.

On this match, the two teams met for the first time.


Virat Kohli

Virat Kohli is an Indian cricketer who plays for India national cricket team. He was born in Delhi, India on November 5, 1988. Virat is the first player in ICC cricket history to win all 3 ICC awards in a single year- ICC , ODI player of the year, ICC Test player of the year and ICC Player of the year award in 2018. He is rated as one of the best batsmen in the world.

Kohli's playing style is widely regarded as aggressive, a trait that extends to his leadership on the field. Kohli is known as a skilled batsman who plays with determination and energy. In one-day cricket, he usually bats at number three and stands with his chest slightly open and holds the bottom of his bat firmly. He's praised for his quick footwork, wide range of shots, and his talent for leading innings, especially in high-pressure situations. Instead of trying to hit big shots, Kohli prefers to play safe shots close to the ground. People admire his ability to make wrist shots and consistently perform well in the mid-wicket and cover areas. Kohli is known for his composed batting technique and versatility in his play. He scores runs between long-off and long-on with an aligned bat, while also possessing the ability to display a destructive streak. His combination of bat-speed and supple wrist movements enable him to craft innovative angles that disrupt traditional field positioning.
His playing style is similar to the Greatest Sachin Tendulkar, that is why he is often compared to Sachin Tendulkar.
However, Kohli has a known vulnerability to deliveries that are wide of the off-stump. Bowlers often make use of this weakness by targeting him with such deliveries, especially in Test and ODl matches. This weakness has resulted in Kohli's dismissal on many occasions. Cricket experts such as VVS Laxman and former Indian cricketer Sanjay Manjrekar have acknowledged this weakness, and former New Zealand cricketer Richard Hadlee has also noted that Kohli is particularly exposed to out-swinging deliveries.

Virat Kohli first came into the limelight in 2008, when he led the Indian U-19 cricket team to victory in 2008 U-19 Cricket World Cup. He soon made his debut for the Indian team in August 2008, during a ODI match against Sri Lanka. In 2013, Kohli reached the number one spot in the ICC rankings for ODI batsmen for the first time. Virat also became one of the valuable Indian captain in Test cricket with 40 test wins, 16 of which came overseas and gained highest winning percentage as captain in both Tests and ODIs. Kohli was ranked eighth in ESPN's list of world's most famous sportspeople in 2016. Virat is the only current player to have a stand named after him in Delhi's Firoz Shah Kotla stadium to Honour his contributions to Indian cricket. Kohli won ICC Test Player of the Year and ICC ODI Player of the Year awards in 2018, becoming the first player to win both awards in the same year.

Kohli is rated as one of India's best cricket captains in terms of wins and winning percentages. He is ranked the 4th best captain for India of all time. He is the highest run scorer in T20 cricket for all time, the 5th best in ODI cricket and 23th best in Test's for all time as of 2023. 

In 2013, Kohli established the "Virat Kohli Foundation" with a philanthropic objective to support underprivileged children. Kohli is committed to helping kids have a better future by using sports programs. He also uses his connections and partnerships to help people who are left out or don't have much in society.

He started dating Bollywood actress Anushka Sharma in 2013. They got married on 11 December 2017 in Florence, Italy. The couple had their first child, a daughter named Vamika born on 11 January 2021.


2008 London mayoral election

The London mayoral election, 2008 was on 1 May 2008. It was the third London mayoral election, the first election was held in May 2000 and the second election in June 2004. It was won by the Conservative Party candidate Boris Johnson. Boris Johnson became the second Mayor of London.

2012 London mayoral election

The London mayoral election of 2012 was on Thursday 3 May 2012. It was the fourth London mayoral election. It was won by Conservative Party candidate and the incumbent mayor Boris Johnson who has been mayor since the 2008 election.

2016 London mayoral election

The 2016 London mayoral election was held on 5 May 2016 to elect the next Mayor of London. It was the fifth London mayoral election. The sitting mayor of London Boris Johnson did not stand for re-election. The Conservative Party candidate was Zac Goldsmith and the Labour Party candidate was Sadiq Khan. In the election, Khan was elected mayor.


The election election used the supplementary vote system, which is where the voters choose a first and a second choice of candidates. After two rounds Khan was elected as Mayor.

Jimmy Boyd

Jimmy Boyd (January 9, 1939 – March 7, 2009) was an American musician and actor. He became known for his performance and recording of "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus".

He was born James Boyd in McComb, Mississippi. He died from cancer, age seventy, in Santa Monica, California.

West Point, Mississippi

West Point is a city in Clay County, Mississippi. It is in the eastern part of the state near the Alabama border. There were 10,105 people living in West Point at the 2020 U.S. census.

Tupelo, Mississippi

Tupelo is a city in northeastern Mississippi. It is close to the Alabama state line. At the 2020 U.S. census, 37,923 people lived in Tupelo. The city is famous because Elvis Presley was born there. In 1936, a strong tornado struck the area.

Seal of Mississippi

The Mississippi State Seal was adopted in 1798, back when Mississippi was a U.S. territory, the Mississippi territory. When it became a state in 1817, it was declared the state seal.

The central part of the seal has an eagle centered inside it. The wings of the eagle are spread out, and its head held high. Stars and stripes adorn its chest. The outer circle of this seal carries the words "The Great Seal of the State of Mississippi".

This seal was adopted on 19 January 1818. In July 2014, the seal was slightly changed when the state government added the words "In God We Trust" to the bottom. The state government said that it did this to protect "religious freedom".

Rod Liddle

Rod Liddle is an English journalist. 

Liddle was born in Abbey Wood, London to a train driver. He was brought up in Nunthorpe from the age of eight. At 16 he was a member of the Socialist Workers Party. He stayed a member for about a year. 

Liddle met Rachel Royce at the BBC in 1993. In January 2004 Liddle married her in Malaysia.

Jean Rhys

Jean Rhys, CBE (24 August 1890 – 14 May 1979), born Ella Gwendolyn Rees Williams, was a novelist from Dominica. She is best known for her novel "Wide Sargasso Sea".

Rhys was born to a Welsh father and a white Creole mother. In 1907 Rhys left her Caribbean island home to live in England with her aunt. In 1919 Rhys married. In 1927 her first collection of short stories "The Left Bank and Other Stories" was published by Jonathan Cape (London). Her first novel was published in 1928. That year she moved to London. She married her agent in 1934.

Rhys died alone in a nursing home in Devon in 1979, just before her 87th birthday.

Limit of a sequence

In mathematics, a sequence is an ordered set of mathematical objects (most notably a list of numbers). In some cases, the sequence tends towards a limit, in which case the limit is denoted using the symbol formula_1 (as in formula_2), and the sequence is said to be convergent, otherwise it is divergent.

In a convergent sequence, the absolute difference between the value of the current term and the limit, formula_3, will decrease towards 0, as the sequence progresses. 

We call formula_4 the limit of the sequence formula_5 if the following condition holds:

In other words, for every measure of distance formula_10, we can find an infinite number of terms of the sequence that are closer than formula_10 to the limit. We say that the sequence formula_5 converges to or tends to the limit formula_4, which we write as formula_14 or formula_15. The limit can be also shown to be unique.

If a sequence converges to a limit, then it is convergent; otherwise it is divergent.

The Greek philosopher Zeno of Elea is famous for formulating paradoxes that involve limiting processes.

Leucippus, Democritus, Antiphon, Eudoxus and Archimedes developed the method of exhaustion, which uses an infinite sequence of approximations to determine an area or a volume. Archimedes succeeded in summing what is now called a geometric series.

Newton dealt with series in his works on "Analysis with infinite series" (written in 1669, circulated in manuscript, published in 1711), "Method of fluxions and infinite series" (written in 1671, published in English translation in 1736, Latin original published much later) and "Tractatus de Quadratura Curvarum" (written in 1693, published in 1704 as an Appendix to his "Optiks"). In the latter work, Newton considers the binomial expansion of ("x"+"o"), which he then linearizes by "taking the limits" as "o" tends to 0.

In the 18th century, mathematicians like Euler succeeded in summing some "divergent" series by stopping at the right moment; they did not much care whether a limit existed, as long as it could be calculated. At the end of the century, Lagrange in his "Théorie des fonctions analytiques" (1797) opined that the lack of rigour precluded further development in calculus. Gauss in his etude of hypergeometric series (1813) for the first time rigorously investigated under which conditions a series converged to a limit.

The modern definition of a limit (for any ε there exists an index "N" so that ...) was given by Bernhard Bolzano ("Der binomische Lehrsatz", Prague 1816, little noticed at the time), and by Karl Weierstraß in the 1870s.


Acholi people

Acholi (also Acoli) is a Luo Nilotic ethnic group from Northern Uganda. About 1.2 million Acholi people live in Uganda. Acholi people speak Acholi.


Wendy Barrie

Marguerite Wendy Jenkins (also Wendy Barrie; 18 April 1912 – 2 February 1978) was a British-born American actress who worked in British and American movies. She played Pamela Starr in "Women in War" (1940). She also played Ann Patterson in "Submarine Alert".

Barrie was born in Hong Kong. She died following a stroke in Englewood, New Jersey.

David Michel

David Michel (born 2 December 1975) is a French producer and head of Marathon Media. He created many famous television series. These include "Totally Spies!", "Martin Mystery" and "The Amazing Spiez!."

Since 1999, Michel has produced several long-running animated series with Vincent Chalvon-Demersay (CEO of Marathon). In 2009, David produces an animated movie, "Totally Spies, The Movie". It was based on the TV series "Totally Spies". The series was shown in over 130 countries. It was the most shown French TV series internationally.

The movie had a €5.8 Million budget. It was produces by Marathon Media, Studio 37 (owned by European cell phone company Orange) and Mikado. The movie was distributed around the world. The French theatrical release was scheduled for July 22 2009. In 2013 David Michel stepped down as CEO but still worked a Marathon Media.

He is currently president of Cottonwood Media. It is a children's animation production company he created in 2014.

Sam Kelly

Samuel Kelly (born Roger Michael Kelly) (19 December 1943 – 14 June 2014) was an English actor. He appeared in movies, television, radio and theatre. He was best known for his roles as Captain Hans Geering in "'Allo 'Allo" and as Ted Liversidge in "Barbara".

Kelly had Cancer of unknown primary origin. He was admitted to a hospice on 13 June 2014. He died early the next morning, aged 70.

Grace Metalious

Grace Metalious (September 8, 1924 – February 25, 1964) was an American author. She was best known for her controversial novel "Peyton Place", which was made into a soap opera in the 1960s. She also wrote several other novels.

Metalious was born in Manchester, New Hampshire. She died from cirrhosis of the liver, age 39, in Boston, Massachusetts.

Frankie Valli

Frankie Valli (born Francesco Stephen Castelluccio; May 3, 1934) is an American popular singer. He is most famous as frontman of The Four Seasons beginning in 1960. He is well known for his unusually powerful falsetto voice. He is known for his song "My Eyes Adore You" and "Grease" (1978).

Frankie's younger brother Bobby Valli is also a popular singer and entertainer who has performed with bands such as The Duprees, Joey Dee and the Starliters and Classics IV.


Mona Barrie

Mona Barrie (18 December 1909 – 27 June 1964) was an English actress in American movies and theater. She played Helen Anders in "I Met Him in Paris". She also played Stephanie in "Something to Sing About".

Barrie was born in London, England. She died, age 54, in Los Angeles.

Kyle O'Reilly

Kyle Greenwood (born March 1, 1987) is a Canadian professional wrestler. He is better known under his ring name Kyle O'Reilly. He is currently working for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He also wrestles for many different independent promotions which include Ring of Honor (ROH), Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), and Elite Canadian Championship Wrestling (ECCW). During his career, he has won PWG's 2013 Battle of Los Angeles, the PWG World Championship (where he is the current champion), and the ROH World Tag Team Championship three times with Bobby Fish.

He has type 1 diabetes. He notes Bret Hart, Toshiaki Kawada, Royce Gracie, and Muhammad Ali as his role models. He lives with fellow wrestlers Davey Richards and Tony Kozina.



Philippe Gilbert

Philippe Gilbert (born 5 July 1982) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer. He won the 2012 UCI Road World Championships. Gilbert is one of the two cyclist in the history, along with Davide Rebellin, to have won the three Ardennes classics: the Amstel Gold Race, La Flèche Wallonne and Liège–Bastogne–Liège. Gilbert is a member of the 

Random walk hypothesis

The random walk hypothesis is a financial theory. It says that stock market prices change according to a random walk, Price changes are random and cannot be predicted.

The concept can be traced to French broker Jules Regnault who published a book in 1863. It can also be traced to French mathematician Louis Bachelier. His Ph.D. dissertation, "The Theory of Speculation" (1900), had comments on the subject. The same ideas were later worked on by MIT Sloan School of Management professor Paul Cootner in his 1964 book "The Random Character of Stock Market Prices". The term was was made popular by the 1973 book, "A Random Walk Down Wall Street", by Burton Malkiel. It was used earlier in Eugene Fama's 1965 article "Random Walks In Stock Market Prices", which was a less technical version of his Ph.D. thesis. The theory that stock prices move randomly was earlier said by Maurice Kendall in his 1953 paper, "The Analysis of Economic Time Series, Part 1: Prices".

Consumption, by Robert E. Hall

Stan Smith (American Dad!)

Stan Smith (born July 1, 1967) is the main character of animated television series "American Dad!". He is voiced by Seth MacFarlane. Smith works for the CIA in Langley Falls, Virginia. 

He is a Republican and his hero is Ronald Reagan. He is often makes bad decisions or lies, but at the end learns his lesson. MacFarlane says that Smith is based on Archie Bunker in "All in the Family".

When Stan was young, his father left his mother because he was on the run from the police. His father, Jack, is a burglar.

Francine Smith

Francine Smith (née Ling; formerly Dawson) (born September 26, 1967) is a fictional character on the animated television series "American Dad!". She is the wife of the title character Stan Smith and the mother of Hayley and Steve.

Francine is voiced by Wendy Schaal. She was adopted by Asian parents when her wealthy parents abandon her at an airport because she was too young to travel in first-class.

Hayley Smith (American Dad!)

Hayley Dreamsmasher Smith (born August 8, 1987) is a character from the animated television series "American Dad!". She is voiced by Rachael MacFarlane, the younger sister of one of the series co-creators, Seth MacFarlane.

Hayley, along with her father Stan, was one of the first two characters that were thought of and created for the series. 

During the series, Hayley's storylines is usually about her liberal opinions clashing with her father's staunch conservative beliefs, and her on-again-off-again relationship with boyfriend Jeff Fischer, whom she later marries in the show's sixth season.

Klaus Heissler

Klaus Heissler is a fictional goldfish of the animated series "American Dad!". He was created by Seth MacFarlane. He is voiced by Dee Bradley Baker in a German accent. 

Klaus was once an East German Olympic ski-jumper until his mind was transferred into the body of a goldfish during the 1986 Winter Olympics by the CIA to prevent him from winning the gold medal, leaving him trapped in the goldfish's body. Ironically, Klaus started out on the series as a bully for his harsh criticism, but now he is the one being bullied by the family.

Steve Smith (American Dad!)

Steven Anita "Steve" Smith (born July 13, 1991) is a fictional character in the animated television series "American Dad!". He is voiced by Scott Grimes. He is Stan and Francine Smith's only son and Hayley's younger brother as well as the youngest of the series' six main characters.

Steve's original design was much geekier and gawky and he was voiced by Ricky Blitt. Halfway through production, Grimes replaced the design of the character used by Blitt. Steve was made to be more attractive, so he would be less comparable to Neil Goldman from "Family Guy".

Roger (American Dad!)

Roger David Smith is a fictional character in the animated sitcom "American Dad!". He is voiced by Seth MacFarlane. The character was created and designed by MacFarlane. Roger is hundreds of years old. He is a grey space alien living with the Smith family. Roger's design is inspired by E. T. the alien in Steven Spielberg's "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial".

Having lived on Earth since 1947, Roger came to live with the Smiths after rescuing main character Stan Smith at Area 51 four years before to the beginning of the series. Roger is known for dressing-up in many personas, so that his identity as an alien cant be known. He sometimes dresses-up as famous people. 

Ravenna, Ohio

Ravenna is a city in Portage County, Ohio, United States. The population was 11,323 at the 2020 Census, down from 11,724 at the 2010 Census. It is the county seat of Portage County. It is named for the city of Ravenna, Italy.

Ossie Davis

Ossie Davis (born Raiford Chatman Davis; 18 December 1917 – 4 February 2005) was an American movie, television and Broadway actor, director, poet, playwright, author, and social activist. He was known for his role as Yar in the 2000 animated movie "Dinosaur". He was married to actress Ruby Dee.

Davis died in Miami, Florida from heart disease, aged 87.




Clinch County, Georgia

Clinch County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. It was created on February 14, 1850. It was named in honor of Duncan Lamont Clinch. As of the 2020 census, the population was 6,749. The county seat is Homerville.

Homerville, Georgia

Homerville is a city in Clinch County, Georgia, United States. Its population was 2,344 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Clinch County, Georgia.

Homerville, Ohio

Homerville is an unincorporated community in central Homer Township, Medina County, Ohio, United States. Its zip code is 44235.

Petey Williams

Peter "Petey" Williams III (born August 26, 1982) is a Canadian professional wrestler. He is best known for his time working with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). During his time there, he was the captain of Team Canada and was a two time TNA X Division Champion. Williams is known by the nickname "The Canadian Destroyer" because of his front flip piledriver finishing move of the same name.

Williams is a member of the band The High Crusade. He plays the guitar and harmonica with fellow wrestlers Alex Shelley and Chris Sabin as well as their friends Adam Tatro and Chris Plumb. They released their debut album, It's Not What You Think, on September 7, 2010.



Ernie Kovacs

Ernie Kovacs (January 23, 1919 – January 13, 1962) was an American author, comedian and actor. He played Captain Locke in the movie "Operation Mad Ball". He also played Harry Foster Malone in "It Happened to Jane".

Kovacs was born in Trenton, New Jersey. He was married to actress Edie Adams from 1954 until his death. He died from injuries from in a car accident in Los Angeles.

Lucile Watson

Lucile Watson (May 27, 1879 – June 24, 1962) was a Canadian actress. She played the Lady Margaret Cronin in "Waterloo Bridge" (1940). She also played Fanny Farrelly in the movie "Watch on the Rhine"

The actress was born in Quebec City. She died after a heart attack in New York City.

Cauchy sequence

In mathematics, a Cauchy sequence is a sequence where the distance between any two elements of the sequence decreases as the sequence progresses. Cauchy sequences are named after Augustin-Louis Cauchy.

Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant

Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), or Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), or Islamic State, (IS) is a Wahhabi jihadist militant group. In Arabic it is often called "Daesh". It operates in Libya, Nigeria, Syria and a small part of northern Iraq. It is influenced by the Wahhabi Sect of Islam. It claims the status of independent state for the territories under its control in Iraq, Libya, Nigeria, and Syria. It is opposed to Shiism and has been described as "Shiaphobic".

The group was started in the early years of the Iraq War and associated itself with Al-Qaeda in 2004. ISIL was composed of different insurgent groups. Its aim was to establish a caliphate in the Sunni majority regions of Iraq, later expanding this to include Syria. In February 2014, after an eight-month power struggle, Al-Qaeda cut all ties with ISIL.

ISIL is millenarianist, meaning it believes that society is going to change a lot, and everything we know will end soon. The group recruits new members by promising them sex slaves or cheap marriages.

At the height of the Iraq War, ISIL was in the Iraqi provinces of Al Anbar, Ninawa, Kirkuk, most of Salah ad Din, parts of Babil, Diyala and Baghdad. It claimed Baqubah as its capital. In the ongoing Syrian Civil War, the group has a large presence in the Syrian governorates of Ar-Raqqa, Idlib and Aleppo.

The group has attacked government and military targets. It has claimed responsibility for attacks that killed thousands of Iraqi civilians. During the time coalition forces were present in Iraq, the group suffered some setbacks. By 2012, it was thought to have regained most of its strength and more than doubled the number of its members to about 2,500.

In 2013, a letter and an audio recording of Ayman al-Zawahiri, the leader of al-Qaeda, was leaked to Al Jazeera. In it, al-Zawahiri disbanded the Syrian faction of ISIL. The group's leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, opposed this ruling on the basis of Islamic law. The group has since continued to operate in Syria. Starting in April 2013, it made rapid military gains in large parts of Northern Syria, where the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights described them as "the strongest group". They have sought publicity by releasing videos of the decapitation (beheading) of journalists and other prisoners of war mainly done by member Jihadi John. He was killed in November 2015.

In June 2014, it announced a worldwide caliphate. In 2014, ISIL successfully fought in a large-scale offensive in Iraq. After this offensive, ISIL is reported to have seized control of most of Mosul, the second biggest city in Iraq, its surrounding Nineveh province, and the city of Fallujah. In the spring of 2015 ISIL fought for control of Tikrit, the administrative center of the Salah ad Din Governorate.

In spring of 2016 the Army of Iraq took back Fallujah. At the end of 2016 the army took back Ramadi in Al Anbar Province, and in early 2017 Iraqi government forces retook Mosul. In October, Raqqa, the former headquarters, fell.

The 2014 film "The Blue Man", which is related to The New York Times article titled "Uncovering Iraq's Horrors in Desert Graves" written by John F. Burns, also mentions mass killings of Shia Muslims by the Islamic State between 2003 to 2006.

Orpheum (Vancouver)

The Orpheum is a theatre and music venue. It is located on 884 Granville Street in Vancouver, British Columbia. The Orpheum is a part of the Vancouver Civic Theatres group of live performance venues along with the Queen Elizabeth Theatre and Vancouver Playhouse. It was opened on November 7, 1927 as a vaudeville house although they had their first show the day before. When it opened in 1927, The Orpheum was the biggest theatre in Canada, had three thousand seats and cost $1.25 million to build. When vaudeville was slowing down from its popularity, the Orpheum found new owners in Famous Players and became mainly a movie house but hosted live events every now and then.

In 1973, Famous Players wanted to turn the place into a multiplex because of economic reasons. There was a "Save the Orpheum" public protest that was launched, which Jack Benny flew in to help with. The Orpheum was then saved.

It is the home of the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra. The Orpheum was designated a National Historic Site of Canada on November 15, 1979.


Multiroom

Multiroom is a type of business found South Korea. People rent multirooms as a place were they can do many things. They sing, watch movies, play Nintendo Wii games and similar activities using the electronics in these rooms. Multirooms usually cost between 10,000-15,000 won per hour to rent. Each room has food and drinks. The food often include pretzels, toast, ice cream and cereal. The drinks include coffee, soda and tea. People can bring their own food. Multirooms are popular with teenagers in Korea. This is because of the low prices and range of activities. Multirooms are used by teenagers and adults.

Louise Beavers

Louise Beavers (March 8, 1900 – October 26, 1962) was an African-American actress. She acted in movies and television. She appeared in dozens of movies between the 1920s and 1960. She played Delilah in "Imitation of Life" (1934). She also played Stella in "Shadow of the Thin Man".

Beavers was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. She died following a heart attack in Los Angeles, aged 60.

Toussaint L'ouverture

Toussaint L'Ouverture (c. 1743–1803) was the leader of the Haitian Revolution. Toussaint L’Ouverture started his military career as a leader of the 1791 slave rebellion in Saint-Domingue, which was a French colony. When he did this he was a free black man (not a slave). Toussaint built and led a large army. His army gradually took control over the whole island (also the Spanish part called Santo Domingo). When he had power for years, he tried to improve the security and economy on Saint-Domingue. He also restored the plantation system, by using paid workers. 

Little is known for sure about Toussaint L’Ouverture’s early life, because sources disagree. The first records of his life were from his son, Isaac L’Ouverture. Most histories say Toussaint’s father was Gaou Guinou, who was a son of King Arrada. King Arrada, also called Great Arrada, was the king of what is now Benin. His mother was Gaou Guinou’s second wife.

Most sources tell us that Toussaint L’Ouverture was born on the plantation of Bréda at Haute de Cap in Saint Domingue. His birthdate is unknown. All Saints' Day is likely, because his name "Toussaint" means "all saints'" in French. When the Haitian Revolution started he was probably about 50 years old. Different sources give birth dates from 1739 until 1746. When he was a child he was small and weak. But as an adult he was known by his great stamina and horse-riding skills.

Most sources tell us that Toussaint was well-educated by his godfather, Pierre Baptiste. By age 20 he could speak three languages, French, Creole and some Latin. He also had a knowledge of medicinal plants.

Toussaint married Suzanne Simone Baptiste in 1782. Suzanne was probably his cousin. People think that he had 16 children, and that 11 of them had already died before he did himself. His oldest son was adopted. The two sons born out of his marriage with Suzanne were Isaac and Saint-Jean.

Toussaint was known for being a slave until the start of the Revolution. He was free at the age of 33.
When he was free, he became wealthier and began to have more property. He made a good amount of money in the Revolution and he was the owner of several properties.

During his life Toussaint L’Ouverture was considered to be a Roman Catholic. The Vodou spirituality was also often used on the Bréda plantation. It was combined with Catholicism. It is not known if Toussaint had anything to do with these religions and spiritualties. When he was the ruler of Saint-Domingue, he said he did not.

L'ouverture was a Freemason. The historians thought this, because he used a Masonic symbol in his signature.

Saint-Domingue (later Haiti) was the world's biggest sugar producer and provided sugar for many countries. It had more than 800 sugar plantations. With a few rich families and 500,000 African slaves on Haiti, the slaves totally outnumbered everyone else. To stop the slaves from revolting and taking the power, the French people used terrible methods to keep the slaves powerless.

The Haitian Revolution began when the French people who owned the plantations wanted independence. But the slaves wanted something else; they wanted freedom. In 1791, about 100,00 slaves revolted. They burned all the sugarcane in the fields and killed hundreds of slave owners. In this early stage, Toussaint L’Ouverture did not join yet. But after some weeks, he took his family to the Spanish colony of Santo Domingo to keep them safe and helped the supervisors of the plantation of Bréda to leave the island, if we believe surviving documents.

Toussaint L’Ouverture was one of the leaders of the rebellion. He took part in talks about strategy. He had contact with the Spanish people who supported the rebellion, because they provided food to the slaves who were in revolt. In 1801 he moved to Santo Domingo and took control of the territory. He freed the slaves and wrote a constitution for Santo Domingo.

When Napoleon Bonaparte took power in France, he took back the rich sugar plantations on Saint-Domingue. In January of the year 1802, French soldiers landed in Saint-Domingue in order to get rid of Toussaint L’Ouverture. When Napoleon Bonaparte told Toussaint that he wanted Saint-Domingue back, Toussaint said that he would get it back if he would end slavery on Saint-Domingue forever. Napoleon agreed and took Toussaint with him to Paris to discuss the deal further.

Despite the deal, the French people later accused L'Ouverture of planning another revolt against the plantation owners. He was sent to jail in the French Alps. The jail was called Fort-de-Joux. Ten months after he was sent to jail, on the 7th of April 1803, Toussaint died.

After his death, slavery in Haiti was started again, but was never to be the same. Toussaint had left an impression about slavery, and the slaves continued to fight the rich French plantation owners in a brutal way. This resulted in another revolution. Toussaint’s General, Jean-Jacques Dessalines, took up Toussaint's job in the revolution after he died. Dessalines became the first Emperor of Haiti. Later in the revolt he was attacked and he died.

But before Dessalines died, yellow fever killed thousands of French people trying to calm the revolt in Haiti. On January 1, 1804, Saint-Domingue was renamed Haiti and was declared independent by Dessalines. In this way, Haiti became the first black republic in the world.

Diana Barrymore

Diana Barrymore (March 3, 1921 – January 25, 1960) was an American stage and movie actress. She was the stepdaughter of Dolores Costello. She was the aunt of the actress Drew Barrymore. She played Leslie Stafford in the movie "Nightmare" (1942). She played Anne Partridge in "Eagle Squadron".

Diana Barrymore was born in New York City. She died there from an overdose of sleeping pills and alcohol.

Walter and Tandoori

Walter and Tandoori (also known as Walter or Walter's World) is a Canadian animated children’s series created by Sylvain Viau and by Image Entertainment Corporation. The show has 104 episodes running from 2009-2010

The series centres on Walter, an inventor and fix-it specialist, and his friend Tandoori, a hyperactive chicken, who live together in the village of Trois-Montagnes (in the French version) or Hart's Landing (in the English version), and embark on various adventures designed to teach children about the environment and ecology 
"Main Article": Walter & Tandoori's Christmas

A 2011 Christmas themed Thriectal Production running of 85 Minutes in November 2011 The Movie is Image Entertainment Corporation Inc. First Film and Thriectal Film. The Film is distributed by Alivance Film. 
The film also received a limited theatrical release outside of Canada, including a screening at the Festival International du Film Francophone de Namur in September 2012 and a brief run in Los Angeles in December of that year in an unsuccessful attempt to garner an Academy Award nomination for Best Animated Feature. 
"Main Article": List of Walter & Tandoori Episodes

Walter & Tandoori series produced a number of 104 episodes that were each 13 minutes long produced by Image Entertainmet Corporation Inc..

The series has since aired on a number of other broadcast networks, including Ici Radio-Canada Télé, Télé-Québec, Vrak.TV and Cartoon Network Latin America. 
The Series won a Prix Gémeaux for Best Animated Program or Series in 2011.

Cass Elliot

Cass Elliot (born Ellen Naomi Cohen; September 19, 1941 – July 29, 1974), also called Mama Cass, was an American singer. She was a member of the musical group The Mamas & the Papas. She released five solo albums after the group split.

Elliot was born in Baltimore, Maryland. She died in London, England from a heart attack.

Francis Matthews (actor)

Francis Matthews (2 September 1927 – 14 June 2014) was a British movie and television actor. He was best known for playing Paul Temple in the BBC series Paul Temple and for voicing Captain Scarlet in "Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons".

He died on 14 June 2014 at the age of 86.

Gig Harbor, Washington

Gig Harbor is the name of both a bay on Puget Sound and a city on its shore in Pierce County, Washington, United States. The population was 7,126 at the 2010 census.

Torn

"Torn" is a song covered by Australian singer-songwriter Natalie Imbruglia from her debut album "Left of the Middle".
Imbruglia get for track a Grammy nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance, losing to Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On".
The music video, directed by Alison Maclean shows Natalie Imbruglia singing along with the song are interspersed with footage of her and Jeremy Sheffield engaging in a romantically conversation. These couple of scenes turn out to be B-roll footage. During the last chorus, the apartment walls start wobbling and the crew comes to dismantle it. Natalie Imbruglia begins to dance during the finishing guitar solo as her "world" crumbles around her.

The video of the song was rated the second best video of all time by MTV Italy.
The physical single of Imbruglia's version of the song has sold more than 4 million copies worldwide, including more than 1 million copies in the UK alone. In the UK, it is the 85th biggest selling single of all time. The track peaked at #2 for three weeks, being held off the top spot by Aqua's "Barbie Girl" and then dropped to #4. As a result, the song is the second biggest-selling single in history not to have topped the UK Singles Chart. On 24 September 2007, Natalie Imbruglia's version of the song re-entered the UK Singles Chart at #70, on the strength of digital sales after her greatest hits album was released. In the Flanders region of Belgium, the single peaked at a number one for 7 weeks and charted for 22 weeks.

As of 2011, "Torn" holds the record for most played song on Australian radio since 1990, played more than 300,500 times since its 1998 release.

In the United States, the song peaked at #1 on the Hot 100 Airplay chart for 11 consecutive weeks.

In 2003, "Torn" was declared the No. 1 Best Pop Song on a top 10 list, part of a larger collection of songs by Q magazine in their special edition 1001 Best Songs Ever. Billboard ranked "Torn" the No. 26 Best Pop Song based only on pop radio charts compiled between 1992–2012.

Maureen Connolly

Maureen Connolly (September 17, 1934 – June 21, 1969) was an American tennis player. She won nine Grand Slam singles titles in the 1950s. In 1953, she became the first woman to win all four Grand Slam titles in the same year.

Connolly was born in San Diego, California. She had to retire from tennis at age 19 because she was injured in a horseback riding accident. She was married to Norman Brinker from 1955 until her death. The couple had two daughters. She was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 1966. It spread to her stomach. She died in of the disease in Dallas aged thirty-four.

Irish McCalla

Nellie Elizabeth McCalla (also Irish McCalla; December 25, 1928 – February 1, 2002) was an American actress and artist. She was best known for playing the title character in "Sheena, Queen of the Jungle". She also played Marie Baron in "The Beat Generation".

She was born in Pawnee City, Nebraska. She died from a stroke and brain tumors, age 73.

Barbara Stuart

Barbara Ann Stuart (née McNeese; January 3, 1930 – May 15, 2011) was an American actress. She played Marianne Danzig in "Our Family Honor". She also played Alice in "Pete and Gladys"

Stuart was born Barbara Ann McNeese in Paris, Illinois, which is the seat of Edgar County in eastern Illinois.

On May 15, 2011, Stuart died in St. George, Utah, at the age of 81. She was survived by a brother and three stepchildren.

Silvana Mangano

Silvana Mangano (21 April 1930 – 16 December 1989) was an Italian actress. She was born in Rome to an English mother and an Italian father. She played Silvana in "Bitter Rice". She also played the title character in "Anna" (1951).

Mangano was born in Rome. She was married to Dino De Laurentiis from 1949 until they divorced in 1988. She died from lung cancer in Madrid, age fifty-nine.

TeenNick

TeenNick is an American pay television channel. The channel broadcast programs for teenagers. It is named after the "TEENick" block on Nickelodeon. TEENick started in 2001. TeenNick replaced Nick GaS and The N programming block on Noggin.

The TEENick block first broadcast on March 4, 2001. It lasted until February 1, 2009. The block aired on Sunday nights from 6 to 9 p.m. ET/PT. In 2005, it was rebroadcast on Saturday from 8 to 10 p.m. ET/PT. It replaced the SNICK block that started in 1992. Saturday night editions were broadcast as "TEENick Saturday Night" until 2007. At that time, the name was changed to "TEENick" for both broadcasts. The first host was Nick Cannon. The next host was Jason Everhart, also known as "J. Boogie".
A block also aired on January 16, 2007 until May 12, 2007. It returned on March 1, 2008. The block included shows such as " All That", "The Amanda Show", "Drake & Josh", "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide", "Unfabulous", "Mr. Meaty", "Zoey 101", and "".

Mary Sheldon Barnes

Mary Downing Sheldon Barnes (September 15, 1850 – August 27, 1898) was a historian and teacher from the United States. She taught her students how to use primary sources and problem-solving to do their research in college. Anna Strunsky was inspired by Sheldon's work.

Mary Downing Sheldon was born in Oswego, New York. She had four siblings. She was the oldest of them all. Her mother was named Frances Stiles. Her father was Edward Austin Sheldon. Her father founded Oswego State Normal and Training School. Sheldon would go to school there. She graduated in 1869. She worked there as a teacher for two years. She then went to school at the University of Michigan. She graduated in 1876 with a degree in classics. She went back to Oswego State Normal and Training School where she taught for two years. She taught history, Latin, botany, and Greek. She stopped work at Oswego and started working at Wellesley College in 1876. She worked there for two and a half years. She used case methods in her teaching. She quit working there in 1879 because she was sick and also had problems with the people who worked there. After she quit, she relaxed so she would feel better, and then traveled for fun. In 1882, she went back to work at Oswego. She wrote a book while she was there, called "Studies in General History". It was published in 1885.

On August 6, 1885, Sheldon got married. She married a man named Earl Barnes. She met him when he was a student of hers, and he was 11 years younger than her. He became the head of the education department at Stanford University in 1981. Sheldon moved with him and also worked at Stanford. She researched and taught classes about the History of Europe and the Pacific Slope areas. Sheldon and Barnes wrote a book together in 1891. It was called "Studies in American History." They also wrote another book in 1896, together. She wrote another book of her own, too. It was called "Studies of Historical Method," and taught readers about historical method. In 1897, Sheldon and Barnes quit working at Stanford. They traveled to Europe and wrote while they were there.

On August 27, 1898, Sheldon died of heart disease in London. The teaching and writing that she did about research and historical method is considered ahead of its time. The work that she did helped improve history textbooks that are used today. In 1985 and 1986, papers, writings and other materials owned by Sheldon and Barnes were donated to the Sophia Smith Collection at Smith College by Betty Barnes, the daughter-in-law of Earl Barnes, and his second wife, Anna Koehler Barnes.


Jessie Street National Women's Library

The Jessie Street National Women's Library is a library which has books, music, photographs, and more about women's history in Australia. It is located in the city of Ultimo in New South Wales. It was founded in 1989 so that it would be easier to find books and sources about women, as sources about women's history are harder to find than other types of history. It is named after Jessie Street, an Australian suffragette. People who donated money to start the library, called patrons, are Laurence Street, who is Jessie Street's son, Elizabeth Evatt, Judith Wright, and Oodgeroo Noonuccal. The library has a collection of books, papers, writings, recordings, and more, related to women's organizations, famous Australian women, and more. 

Vehicle fire

A vehicle fire (or car fire) is an uncontrolled burning of an automobile. It is one of the most common causes of property damage by fire.

Motor vehicles have quite a few flammable parts and liquids, including gasoline and oil. They also have parts that can start fires, including air bag detonators and hot exhaust systems.

Some car fires are arson. 

Ray Fox

Raymond Lee Fox, Sr. (May 28, 1916 – June 15, 2014) was an American engine builder, NASCAR car owner and NASCAR engine inspector. His cars won fourteen NASCAR Grand National (now Sprint Cup) events and sixteen pole positions.

He was inducted in many halls of fame, including the International Motorsports Hall of Fame.

Fox died died on June 15, 2014 of pneumonia at Daytona Beach, Florida, aged 98.


Ningali Cullen

Ningali Cullen (1942-2012) was an Aboriginal activist. She was also the co-chair of the National Sorry Day Committee. 

She was born in Ooldea, South Australia in 1942. When she was four years old, she was taken away from her family, with her brother and a sister. Cullen and her brother were taken to the Koonibba Lutheran Mission Home near Ceduna, South Australia. She went to school at Concordia College. She was the first female Aboriginal student who had ever gone there.

After she graduated college from Concordia, she became a nurse. She worked at Royal Adelaide Hospital, Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia, and other places. She moved to Port Augusta in 1964. She saw a lot of discrimination against Aboriginal people when she worked in hospitals. It made her very angry. She married Lawrie Kinnear while she was a nurse. She had three children with Kinnear.

It had been a very long time since she had seen her mother, May Cobby. She found out where her mother was living and she visited her. In 1965, Cobby disappeared. She was taken while waiting at a restaurant with her daughter Mabel, who was the only child out of the four who was not taken from her when they were little. The police were called by the staff who worked at the restaurant. The police were asked to ask May and Mabel to leave the area. Mabel was arrested and May was left at the restaurant. Cullen asked for information on her mother's arrest and the police refused to give her any information. No one could find May.

Cullen became an activist after her mother disappeared. She worked to get more healthcare for Aboriginal people. She also helped people to stop using drugs and alcohol. She worked for the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Commission (ATSIC) in 1990. In 1992, she moved to Canberra, where she worked in healthcare for ATSIC.

She did a lot of work with organizations helping to locate people who were missing from the Aboriginal communities. She helped found National Sorry Day and was a member of the Stolen Generation. She worked with families and people involved in that group.

In 2003, Cullen married for a second time. She married a man named Derick Cullen. She died on May 10, 2012.

Robert Lebeck

Robert Lebeck (21 March 1929 – 14 June 2014) was an award-winning German photojournalist. Lebeck was born in Berlin. He became well known in 1960 after his report on the independence of the Congo "Afrika im Jahre Null" ("Africa in Year Zero"). This included a photo of an African boy standing next to the steel scabbard of Belgian King Baudouin. That picture remains his "calling card".

Lebeck died in Berlin, Germany, aged 85.

Isabel Martínez de Perón

María Estela Martínez Cartas de Perón (; born 4 February 1931), better known as Isabel Martínez de Perón or Isabel Perón, is a former President of Argentina. She was the third wife of the former President, Juan Perón. 

During her husband's third term as president from 1973 to 1974, Isabel served as both vice president and First Lady. Following her husband's death in office in 1974, Isabel served as president from 1 July 1974 to 24 March 1976.

She was arrested near her home in Spain on 12 January 2007 over the forced disappearance of an activist in February 1976.


Roberto Eduardo Viola

Roberto Eduardo Viola (October 13, 1924 – September 30, 1994) was an Argentine military officer. He briefly served as president of Argentina from March 29 to December 11, 1981 as a military dictatorship. Viola found his maneuvering space greatly reduced, and was ousted by a military coup in December 1981.

Carlos Alberto Lacoste

Carlos Alberto Lacoste (February 2, 1929 – June 24, 2004) was an Argentine navy vice-admiral and politician. He briefly served as interim President of Argentina for ten days from December 11 to December 21 1981.

Knott's Berry Farm

Knott's Berry Farm is a theme park in Buena Park, California that is owned by . Since Cedar Fair bought it the number of people who visited the park has increased. According to the 2013 Global Attractions Attendance Report, it is the 13th most visited theme park in North America. The park has 40 rides, including roller coasters, family rides, children's rides, water rides, and historical rides, and there are plans to make the park bigger in the future.

The theme park sits on what used to be a berry farm that was built by Walter Knott, Cordelia Knott, and their family. Starting around 1920, the family started selling berries, berry preserves, and pies from a roadside stand. In 1934, they started selling fried chicken dinners inside a tea room that is on the farm. They later built shops and other attractions to entertain visitors. In 1940, Walter Knott built a ghost town on the farm, and added other attractions over many years. In 1968, Knott's Berry Farm started to charge people to visit the park. In 1983, the park added Camp Snoopy.

In the 1990s, the Knott children sold the family business after Walter and Cordelia Knott died. The theme park was sold to and the food business was sold to ConAgra Foods, which was later sold to The J.M. Smucker Company.

Cedar Fair continued to make the park bigger in 1999 by adding Knott's Soak City. They also added more rides to Knott's Berry Farm.

In the 1950s Walter Knott opened a "summer-long county fair". In 1968, for the first time people had to pay get into the park - 25 cents. The Calico log ride was added in 1969. On April 12, 1974, Cordelia Knott died, and Walter turned his attention toward political causes.

Sky Tower was built to support two attractions, the Parachute Sky Jump (now closed) and the Sky Cabin. Parachute Sky Jump had one or two standing riders looking forward to the thrill of the drop into baskets beneath a parachute canopy. From the top, eight arms supported the vertical cable tracks of wire rope which lifted the baskets. The Sky Cabin ringed the support pole with a single floor of seats. The Sky Cabin ring revolves slowly as it rises to the top and back offering a pleasantly changing view. Sky Cabin is very sensitive to weather and passenger motion, such as walking, which is not allowed during the trip. During winds 25 mph+ or rain it is closed. When built, Sky Tower was the tallest structure in Orange County (a distinction now held by nearby WindSeeker.) The illuminated "K" in logo script at the top of the Sky Tower was designated a landmark which prevented Knott's plan of changing the foundation to support WindSeeker.

Corkscrew debuted in 1975 as the first modern-day roller coaster to perform a 360-degree inverting element twice. It was designed by Arrow Development. Corkscrew is still operating to this day, but was sold and moved in 1989 to Silverwood in Athol, Idaho. Montezooma's Revenge was later opened in 1978 and remains in operation at Knott's Berry Farm.

Leopoldo Galtieri

Leopoldo Fortunato Galtieri Castelli (15 July 1926 12 January 2003) was an Argentine general and politician. He served as President of Argentina from 22 December 1981 to 18 June 1982. This was during the last military dictatorship (known officially as the National Reorganization Process). He was removed from power soon after the British retook the Falkland Islands, whose invasion he had ordered.

Galtieri was born in the Buenos Aires area. He entered the Argentine Army, and studied engineering. He was a skilled engineer, and he rose quickly through the ranks of the Argentine military. In 1975, he became the head of the Engineering Corps of the army. 

When Jorge Rafael Videla took power a year later, Galtieri supported him. Videla was a brutal dictator, and thousands of people were murdered under his rule. 

In 1981, Videla stepped down. Galtieri took power late that year after removing Roberto Viola in a coup d'état. Although not as brutal as Videla, he continued the "Dirty War."

The United States supported Galtieri. He was a strong anti-communist. Because of this, the United States saw Argentina as an ally against the Soviet Union in the Cold War.

Soon after Galtieri took power, the Argentine economy was about to fall apart. Inflation, the rate at which new money is put into the economy, was as high as 130%. Unemployment was very high, and the state oil company lost six billion dollars in a matter of months. This is the worst loss of money any corporation has had in all of history. 

Galtieri allowed people to disagree with him more than the leaders who came before him. Protests against his dictatorship became common.

By 1982, Galtieri's popularity was low. He wanted more people to support him. He also wanted to increase Argentine patriotism. For many years, Argentina had said the Falkland Islands (a British territory) was actually theirs. The British did not see Argentina as a war threat, and didn't heavily defend the islands. 

With Jorge Anaya, one of the other members of the junta, Galtieri thought of a plan to take over the islands. Galtieri ordered the Argentine military to invade the islands. After bombarding the capital city, Port Stanley, Argentina forced the British Governor of the islands, Rex Hunt, to surrender.

Galtieri became very popular after the invasion, and huge celebrations were held in Buenos Aires. His regime seemed to be very strong. But Galtieri had badly misread what British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher would do. He also believed he would have the support of the United States. However, the United States (and most of the world) supported Britain. 

The British sent their armed forces to the islands. After heavy fighting, the British defeated Argentina in June. Within days, the Argentine army turned on Galtieri, and he was removed from power.

Afterwards, Galtieri was put on trial for crimes against humanity. Although one report wanted him to be executed, he was sentenced to twelve years in prison. In 1989, he was pardoned. 

After leaving prison, Galtieri lived in a suburb of Buenos Aires. Never a rich man, he lived modestly for the rest of his life. Galtieri died from a heart attack caused by surgery to remove a cancerous tumor in his pancreas. He was 76 years old. 

Today, Galtieri is commonly viewed as a very incompetent dictator. He is often blamed for Argentina losing the Falklands War.

Raúl Alfonsín

Raúl Ricardo Alfonsín (12 March 1927 – 31 March 2009) was an Argentine lawyer, politician and statesman. He served as the President of Argentina from December 10, 1983, to July 8, 1989.

Alfonsín was the first democratically elected president of Argentina following the military government known as the National Reorganization Process. He was awarded the Prince of Asturias Award for International Cooperation in 1985, among numerous other such recognitions.

Alfonsín died from lung cancer in Buenos Aires, aged 82.

Alfredo Oscar Saint Jean

Alfredo Oscar Saint-Jean (11 November 1926 – 2 September 1987) was an Argentine Army major general and politician. He served as President of Argentina in 1982. 

Having been appointed Interior Minister in 1981 by Leopoldo Galtieri, he briefly served as President of Argentina from 18 June 1982 to 1 July 1982, during a period of military rule. 

Saint-Jean's brief period as President in June and July 1982 ended when he was succeeded by General Reynaldo Bignone.

Ted Levine

Frank Theodore "Ted" Levine (born May 29, 1957) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Buffalo Bill in "The Silence of the Lambs" and as Captain Leland Stottlemeyer in the television series "Monk". In 2018, he starred as Ken Wheatley in "". He is the voice of Monstar Bang in "".


Bellaire, Ohio

Bellaire is a village in Belmont County, Ohio, United States. The population was 3,870 at the 2020 census.

Norridge, Illinois

Norridge is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 15,251 at the 2020 census. It is notable for being the location of the Harlem Irving Plaza.

Norridgewock, Maine

Norridgewock is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States. The population was 3,278 at the 2020 census.

Buffalo Bill

William Frederick "Buffalo Bill" Cody (February 26, 1846 – January 10, 1917) was an American soldier, bison hunter and showman.

He was born in the Iowa Territory (now the U.S. state of Iowa), in Le Claire but he grew up for several years in his father's hometown in Canada before his family moved to the Kansas Territory.

Buffalo Bill started working at the age of eleven after his father's death. He became a writer for the Pony Express at age 14. During the American Civil War, he served from 1863 to the end of the war in 1865. Later he served as a civilian scout to the US Army during the Indian Wars, receiving the Medal of Honor in 1872.

One of the most colorful figures of the American Old West, Buffalo Bill became famous for the Wild West shows he organized with cowboy themes, which he toured in Great Britain and Europe as well as the United States.

Cody died of kidney failure on January 10, 1917, surrounded by family and friends at his sister's house in Denver. Cody was baptized into the Catholic Church the day before his death by Father Christopher Walsh of the Denver Cathedral.


Anna-Teresa Tymieniecka

Anna-Teresa Tymieniecka (February 28, 1923 – June 7, 2014) was a Polish-American philosopher and writer. She was one of the most important and most active contemporary phenomenologists. She was a founder and president of the World Phenomenology Institute. She had also been the editor of the book series "Analecta Husserliana" since the late 1960s.
Tymieniecka was born in Marianowo, Poland to a Polish-French family. She was married to Dutch-American economist Hendrik Houthakker for 52 years until his death in 2008. They had three children; Louis, Jan and Isabelle.

Tymieniecka died on June 7, 2014 in Pomfret, Vermont, aged 91.


World's Columbian Exposition

The World's Columbian Exposition (the official shortened name for the World's Fair: Columbian Exposition, also known as The Chicago World's Fair) was a World's Fair held in Chicago in 1893 to celebrate the 400th anniversary of Christopher Columbus' arrival in the New World in 1492.

Chicago won the honor of hosting the fair and defeated New York City; Washington, D.C.; and St. Louis of hosting the fair.

The fair was an influential social and cultural event. At the fair many inventors such as Thomas Edison, Milton S. Hershey, Nikola Tesla, George Ferris, and Marshall Field were there. Many other famous people were there too such as President Grover Cleveland, Mark Twain, Buffalo Bill, Sitting Bull, Scott Joplin, Mayor Carter Harrison, Sr., and Daniel Burnham.

The exposition was where many famous inventions were first presented and many modern items such as the Ferris wheel, Quaker Oats, Hershey's, the Frontier thesis was presented, and the United States Mint, in the United States of America, offered its first commemorative coins.

George Washington Gale Ferris Jr.

George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr. (January 15, 1869 – November 22, 1896) was an American engineer. He is most known for creating the original Ferris wheel for the 1893 Chicago World's Columbian Exposition.


George Ferris

George Ferris may refer to:


Hendrik Houthakker

Hendrik Samuel "Henk" Houthakker (December 31, 1924 – April 15, 2008) was a Dutch-American academic, economist and academic. He taught at Stanford University from 1954 to 1960. He then completed the rest of his career at Harvard University. He also served on President Richard Nixon's Council of Economic Advisers from 1969 to 1971.

Houthakker was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands to a Jewish family. During World War II, he and his family were sheltered by Roman Catholics. After the war, he graduated from the University of Amsterdam in 1949. He was married to Polish-American philosopher Anna-Teresa Tymieniecka, the founder of the World Phenomenology Institute, for 52 years until Houthakker's death. They had three children; Louis, Jan and Isabelle.

Houthakker died from problems caused by myasthenia gravis on April 15, 2008 in Lebanon, New Hampshire, aged 83.

Dahlonega, Georgia

Dahlonega is a city in and the county seat of Lumpkin County in northern Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 7,537. This city is known for its rich wineries and its annual Gold Rush Festival.

Dahlonega (disambiguation)

Dahlonega may refer to:


Mortal Kombat X

Mortal Kombat X is a fighting video game. It was developed by NetherRealm Studios and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. It is the tenth main game in the "Mortal Kombat" series.

The game was released on April 3, 2015 for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows. On April 7, 2015, an iOS version was released.

"Mortal Kombat X" became the fastest-selling game in the "Mortal Kombat" franchise. Creator Ed Boon said it was "the biggest launch in Mortal Kombat history".

Like the last game, The energy meter returns to allow the player to use techniques like the brutal X-Ray moves, with some refinements made to their system. Players can also now interact with the environment, like bouncing off areas to reposition themselves or being able to use parts of the environment as weapons. Fighters have three different types of fighting variations. The makers are planing on having a fully-connected online functionality.

There have been four new fighters that have been announced for the game so far: D'Vorah, a woman who controls insects; Ferra/Torr, a pairing consisting of a small girl and a giant masked brute; Cassie Cage, the daughter of Johnny Cage and Sonya Blade; and Kotal Kahn, a character that have not been described yet. According to series creator Ed Boon, the game's main villain will be a "surprise returning character."


Game Informer rated the game a 9.25 out of 10. Brian Shea of "Game Informer" said that the game was "more than the continuation of NetherRealm’s successful vision for the franchise; it’s one of the best fighting games in years".

The Escapist rated the game 4.5 out of 5 stars. Joshua Vanderwall of "The Escapist" said that he liked the gameplay and the roster. He called the options "exquisite fighting-game experiences". Vanderwall also said that the story mode was "the best story mode I've ever personally seen in a fighting game".


Don Jon

Don Jon is a 2013 American romantic comedy-drama movie written and directed by Joseph Gordon-Levitt. It stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Scarlett Johansson, Julianne Moore, and Tony Danza. It was released to positive reviews on September 27, 2013.

Jon Martello is a young Italian-American and modern-day Don Juan living in New Jersey. He enjoys his independent life, which consists of working out, caring for his apartment, driving his 1972 Chevrolet Chevelle SS, going to church with his family, and engaging in a casual sex life. Though he enjoys sex, he is more satisfied by masturbating to hardcore pornography.


Transvision Vamp

Transvision Vamp were a British rock band. They were formed in Putney, London in 1986 and split up in 1991. Its members were Wendy James, Nick Christian Sayer, Dave Parsons, Anthony Doughty, Pol Burton, James Piper and Martin Hallett.

They released three albums: Pop Art, Velveteen (which reached number 1 on the UK albums chart, and Little Magnets Versus the Bubble of Babble. They released 11 singles: their most successful, Baby I Don't Care, reached number 3 in the UK singles chart.

Thrashing (computer science)

Thrashing is when the OS (Operating System) of a computer spends most of its time switching pages between memory and the disk. This seriously hurts the computer's performance. It prevents the computer from performing any useful work. Thrashing can also happen when the hard disk is attempting to retrieve files scattered all over the disk.

Districts of Wales

In 1974, Wales was re-divided for local government purposes into thirty-seven districts. Districts were the second tier of local government introduced by the Local Government Act 1972. They were subdivisions of the eight counties introduced at the same time. This system of two-tier local government was abolished in 1996 and replaced with the current system of unitary principal areas.

Each district was administered by an elected district council. The council was entitled to petition for a charter granting borough status, whereupon the district became a "borough" and the district council a "borough council" headed by a mayor. In addition, a district could be granted Letters Patent granting city status.

Gendarmerie Nationale

In France, the National Gendarmerie is one of the divisions of the French Armed Forces, the military police. They are responsible for the public safety. They act like police for the citizens of France. It also contains a military police force and a special forces component, the GIGN. In 2011 more than 98,155 people were working for the National Gendarmerie in France.

The Gendarmerie works together with the other national law enforcement agency, the Police Nationale. And since 2009, even though this force is a part of the armed forces establishment, it belonged to the Ministry of the Interior as its military component and it is part of its operations and the budget. They fulfill national security duties and duties in support of their ministry. 

They are also responsible for road patrols. The police can stop drivers. When they do so, it is called a contrôle. They can ask for a driver's identification papers and car papers at any time. 

Their weapon quote is Gendarmerie, une force humaine. This literally means "Gendarmerie, a human armed force."

The name "Gendarmerie" comes from "gens d’arme," which means "armed people." This military corp has an exploding grenade as its logo. Instead of metal medals, Gendarmes wear ribbons. These are called bâtons. They get ribbons, inter alia, for service abroad. 

Since a few years ago, the Gendarmes' flat hat, called a képi, has only been used for special occasions. 

The French did not have a uniform until the late 17th century, though some companies had recognizable coat colors. Light grey was common, but red and blue were also worn. It was said that the French in the 17th century had an addiction to bows, ribbons, and plumes, which was suitable to the future leaders of European fashion. Guard Gendarmes probably had red coats. Many guard troops wore the royal badge on their back and their breast. In the 16th century, national signs were that they wore a white cross on their back and on their breast. In the 17th century this became a white sash. 

Nowadays the Gendarmerie uses bulletproof and tactical vests and body armour. A anti-riot shield is used during a heavier riot. They also make use of the spectra helmet. This spectra helmet is fitted with a visor for extra protection of the face. If a tear gas is used, the operators use a special gas mask, which protects them from the dangerous gasses. They also have apparatus for throwing tear gas canisters and FAMAS riffles. This is a sort of weapon. This equipment helps protect Gendarmes while they are doing their jobs.

This is the territorial police branch of the Gendarmerie. It is the branch that is most similar to France’s common police. It has regular contact with France’s population and does jobs similar to the Police of France. The Departmental Gendarmerie is divided into Brigades consisting of 6 to 40 operators. A brigade performs observation and may give assistance to citizens in regulated periods, during both daytime and nighttime.

The Mobile Gendarmerie has several tasks, which include riot control, security of significant places (like embassies), conducting OPEX (External Operations), and providing support to the Departmental Gendarmerie. It is divided into 25 legions, including one advanced armoured anti-riot police group. The Mobile Gendarmerie has control over the GIGN, the counter-terrorism part of the Gendarmerie Nationale.

The GIGN members are well trained to conduct special operations such as hostage rescue. They are also trained in maritime anti-terrorism operations. They are trained to conduct operations with no risk to the public and the hostages. 
A ceremonial unit that takes part in parades and secures important locations in a formal way.

Supervised by the Gendarmerie and the French Navy, the Maritime Gendarmerie conducts maritime surveillance, assistance and rescue at sea; police security at naval bases; and police at sea. They do these jobs not only in France, but also in other countries like French Guiana, Guadeloupe, and others.

The air transport gendarmerie is similar to the Gendarmerie de L’air. The Gendarmerie de L’air conducts safety operations in air force bases and goes to accidents involving military aircraft. Its missions include securing civilian airports, surveillance of technical things in the airport (like control towers), traffic control on the roads near airports, and making sure that important visitors are safe and well protected at airports.

-Subaru Impreza WRX STI (In use until 2011)
-Renault Megane RS (In use since 2011 and on)
-BMW R1100RT Motorcycle
-IVECO Daily van
-Renault Trafic van
-Many other cars, like the Ford Focus and Transit.

-VXB VBRG Armored Personnel Carrier
-VBC-90 Armoured Combat Vehicle

-Eurocopter EC145 Helicopter

-1 Trident class Patrol boat
-2 Géranium class Patrol Boats
-2 Jonquille class Patrol Boats
-24 Vedette class Small Patrol boats
-2 Pétulante class Small Patrol Crafts
-8 Pavois Class Small Patrol Craft

-Height Adjustible Rescue Assault System (HARAS): Based on a Chevrolet Suburban.
"The GIGN makes use of the helicopters belonging to the French Air Force."
- 5 Aérospatiale AS532 Cougar Helicopter
- 2 Sud-Aviation SA330 Puma Helicopter
- 9 Eurocopter EC725 Caracal
- 1 Eurocopter EC665 Tigre

-Horses

-SIG Sauer P226 Pistol 
-FAMAS Bullpup Assault Rifle
-Sig-Sauer P226
-Tear gas launcher
-T-Style Baton

"Pistols:"
-Manurhin MR 73 
-Glock 19
-S&W 686
-Sig-Sauer P228
-FN Five-Seven
-Giat PAMAS G1
-Sig-Sauer Pro SP 2022
-X26 Taser

"Shotguns:"
-Remington 870
-Benelli M3 Super 90
-Franchi SPAS 12

"Sub-machine Guns: "
-HK MP5
-FN P90

"Assault Rifles:"
-HK G3 TGS
-SIG-550
-SIG-551
-HK33
-FAMAS F1
-HK G36
-HK 416

"Marksman weapons:"
-MR-73
-AW .338
-PGM Hecate II

-FAMAS F1
-Swords

Fishing reel

A fishing reel is a device attached to a fishing rod used in winding and unwinding fishing line. 

Modern fishing reels are designed to help in casting for distance and accuracy. Reels also retrieve line, usually with a handle. Fishing reels are traditionally used in the recreational sport of angling. They are also used in the sport of competitive casting. Reels are usually attached to a fishing rod by some means. However specialized reels are made to be mounted directly to the boat gunwales or transoms. 

The first writing describing a fishing reel is from about 1100 years ago in China. Fishing reels first appeared in England around 1650 AD. By the 1760s, London tackle shops were advertising gear-retrieved reels. An American watchmaker and inventor, George W. Snyder, invented the first gear multiplying reel abut 1810.

Pamiers

Pamiers () is a "commune" in the Ariège department in the Occitanie region in southwestern France. It is a subprefecture of the department. Although Pamiers is the largest city in Ariège, the capital is Foix, a smaller city.

In 1111, the city was officially founded by the Count Roger II of Foix and the abbot of the of Saint Antonin of Pamiers; they built a castle (now demolished) and named it "Castrum Appamiae", after a Syrian city, Apamea, that was visited by Roger II during the First Crusade. A church was built at the foot of the castle (Our Lady of Mercadal) where is now the cathedral.

The city of Pamiers is along the Ariège river in the plain formed by this river in the northern part of the Ariège department, in southern France.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Pamiers is at to the south of Toulouse, to the north of Foix and to the west of Saint-Girons.

The "commune" of Pamiers is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Pamiers, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Pamiers are known, in French, as "Appaméens" (women: "Appaméennes").

With a population of 15,518, Pamiers is the city in the department with more people living in it; its population density is of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Pamiers

Pamiers forms, with other 6 "communes", the urban area of Pamiers with a population of 26,727 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Pamiers, formed by 29 "communes" with a population of 35,054 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Pamiers is a subprefecture of the Ariège department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Pamiers and the administrative centre () of two cantons:

It is part of the intercommunality "Les Portes d'Ariège - Pyrénées" ().

Pamiers is twinned with:




Saint-Girons, Ariège

Saint-Girons (Gascon: "Sent Gironç") is a commune in the Ariège department in the Occitanie region, southwestern France. It is the capital of the former French province of "Couserans" that forms the western part of Ariège.

Unlike its close neighbour Saint-Lizier, Saint-Girons is not an ancient city; there was however a "lucus" (a "sacred forest") on its present territory.

The city is named after Saint Girons, a saint from fifth-century Landes who evangelized in southwestern France. In the ninth century some of his relics were supposedly buried in Saint Girons' Church, around which the city later developed.

Saint-Girons is in the center of a basin at the foot of the Pyrenees and at the confluence of the Salat with the Lez and Baup rivers, in the Ariège department, southern France. The "commune" is part of the Regional Natural Park Pyrenees Ariégeoises.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Saint-Girons is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Saint-Girons, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Saint-Girons are known, in French, as "Saint-Gironnais" or "Gironnais" (women: "Saint-Gironnaises" or "Gironnaises").

Saint-Girons has a population of 6,284 (2014), and population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Saint-Girons

Saint-Girons forms, with other 3 "communes", the urban area of Saint-Girons with a population of 9,652 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Saint-Girons, formed by 39 "communes" with a population of 18,222 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Saint-Girons is a subprefecture of the Ariège department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Saint-Girons and the administrative centre () of the canton Couserans Ouest, with 10,686 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Couserans - Pyrénées" ().

Saint-Girons is twinned with:

Some important buildings are:



Joanna Moore

Dorothy Joanne Cook (later Joanna Moore; November 10, 1934 – November 22, 1997) was an American movie and television actress. She appeared in more than eighty roles. She played Penny in "Appointment with a Shadow". She also acted in the 1959 TV series "The Untouchables".

Moore was born in Parrott, Georgia. She died because of lung cancer in Indian Wells, California.

Gloria Talbott

Gloria Talbott (February 7, 1931 – September 19, 2000) was an American actress who acted in movies and television. She acted in the 1959 TV series "The Untouchables". She also played Kay Scott in "All That Heaven Allows".

Talbott was born in Glendale, California. She died there from kidney failure.

Jessie Ralph

Jessie Ralph (November 5, 1864 – May 30, 1944) was an American stage and movie actress. Her roles were mostly dumpy old ladies. She played Greta Garbo's maid in the movie "Camille". In "The Affairs of Cellini", she played Beatrice.

Ralph was born in Gloucester, Massachusetts. She also died there, at age seventy-nine.

Gloucester, Massachusetts

Gloucester is a city in northeast Massachusetts. It is on Cape Ann. At the 2020 U.S. census, 29,729 people lived there.

Isabelle Collin Dufresne

Isabelle Collin Dufresne (stage name, Ultra Violet; 6 September 1935 – 14 June 2014) was a French-American artist, author, and former colleague and superstar of Andy Warhol. Earlier in her career, she worked for and studied with surrealist artist Salvador Dalí. She lived and worked in New York City, and also had a studio in Nice, France.

Dufresne died on 14 June 2014 in New York City from cancer, aged 78.


Mohammad Baqer Shirazi

Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Mohammad Baqir Shirazi (; 26 November 1931 – 13 May 2014) was an Iranian Twelver Shi'a Marja. 

Shirazi died in Iran from a long illness, aged 82.


Ray Stevenson

George Raymond Stevenson (25 May 1964 – 21 May 2023) was a Northern-Irish actor. He played Dagonet in the movie "King Arthur" (2004) and Titus Pullo in the BBC/HBO television series "Rome" (2005–2007). He has played two Marvel Comics characters. He was the Frank Castle / The Punisher in "" (2008) and "The Super Hero Squad Show" and Volstagg in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (2011–2017). His other movies include "Kill the Irishman" (2011), "The Three Musketeers" (2011); and "RRR" (2022). His television roles include Ukrainian mobster Isaak Sirko in the seventh season of "Dexter", Blackbeard in the third and fourth seasons of "Black Sails", voicing Gar Saxon in "Star Wars Rebels" and "," and Baylan Skoll in "Ahsoka."

Stevenson was married to English actress Ruth Gemmell for eight years. He had 3 sons with Italian anthropologist Elisabetta Caraccia. Stevenson died on 21 May 2023. No cause of death has been revealed.

Kill the Irishman

Kill the Irishman is a 2011 crime-drama movie. It is about Irish-American mobster Danny Greene. Fionnula Flanagan plays Grace O'Keefe. Ray Stevenson plays Danny. 

This movie was released in March 2011.

Connie and Carla

Connie and Carla is a 2004 American comedy movie. The movie is about two women who witness a murder by the Mafia in Chicago. They then go to Los Angeles and pretend to be drag queens in order to stop the Mafia finding them. Nia Vardalos plays Connie. Toni Collette plays Carla.

This movie was released on April 16, 2004.

Triangular gimbap

Triangular gimbap ( is a kind of gimbap. It is made from steamed white rice (bap) and various other ingredients. It is wrapped by gim (sheets of dried laver seaweed) in a triangle shape. The plastic wrapping is folded between the gim and rice. People can make it by themselves but usually they purchase it at a convenience store. They tend to eat it to replace their meals. A refrigerator shelf life is within 1 day. Convenience stores have various kinds of triangular gimbap. The price range is from 700 won to 900 won.

Triangular gimbap was first made in Japan. At first, the name was Onigiri. It was ball-shaped and made to serve quick meals during war. Triangular gimbap was introduced to Korea during the 1990s. In 1991, 7-Eleven began to sell it. Family Mart and GS25 followed it. Nowadays, there are various flavors and types of triangular gimbap: tuna with mayonnaise, Jeonju bibimbap, bulgogi, spicy tuna, cheese spicy chicken, and so on. 

Triangular gimbap is very convenient. It is easy to replace meals with it. However, it has a few side effects that are harmful to people's health. The amount of sodium and fat it contains is near the Daily Reference Value. The nutrients it contains are 20~30% of the amount a person needs to take a day. Also, synthetic preservative was found. It was revealed that several food additives are added to it because the main resource, rice, is at least 2-3 years old and manufacturers added artificial flavor enhancer to remove rice smell and bleach to make the rice whiter.

Casting (fishing)

In fishing, casting is the act of throwing bait or a lure using a fishing rod, reel, and line. Several types of rod and reels are designed just for casting. The method of casting can vary but in each case the object of casting is to get the bait or lure to where the fish are.

The most accurate type of cast is the 'overhead cast'. The angler raises the rod (and reel) back behind the head, then quickly flicks the rod forward, releasing the line as the cast is completed. The 'side cast' is less forceful but easier to learn. The rod is swung back in a horizontal motion then quickly moved forward releasing the line. Both basic methods have variations. But both are popular when using spinning and casting rods. Fly fishing uses similar movements, but the line release is different. All types of rods and reels need to match the weight rating of the rod, reel, line and lure for best performance.

Anyone can learn to cast a lure with a spinning rod and reel in just a few minutes. Two types of spinning reels, open faced and close faced. They work differently. With a closed face reel a push-button is held down and released at the end of the cast. Open face reels require the angler to first open the bail, then hold and release the line with your forefinger as you cast. Open faced reels have a disadvantage when casting short distances. Short casts causes the line to twist. This in turn causes line tangles on the spool. Spinning rods and reels work best using light line and light lures. Spinning reels have an advantage over casting reels when casting into the wind.

Bait casting (also called "baitcasting") reels come in different sizes and capacities. Depending on use, they also can have different features. The common feature is a horizontal spool that the line winds onto. Casting reels usually have better control of the line and lure. They have better accuracy than other types. Bait casting reels are better at handling heavier line and lures. But there is a to become skilled with a bait casting rod and reel. To cast a bait casting reel, a push-button is pressed and held until you want to release the line. Bait casting reels have a tendency to 'snarl' or 'backlash'. This is because during the cast the line is coming off the reel at a high rate of speed. When the lure hits the water the line stops. But the spool on the reel keeps turning, causing the line to snarl up. This is even more so when casting into the wind. Practice with bait casting reels minimizes this problem. To control snarling, bait casting reels usually have a brake. This automatically stops the spool when the line stops. Reels have either a magnetic brake control or a centrifugal brake control. Some have both. These must be adjusted to balance between good distance in casting and preventing backlash. Many anglers set the brake lightly to allow more distance. Then they control the braking with their thumb on the spool. Low-profile bait casting reels are designed especially for using the thumb.

Saltwater baitcasting might seem intimidating, but this dynamic duo of rod and reel can unlock a world of precision angling in the salty realm. Ditch the spinning reel's passive approach – baitcasters offer direct line control, letting you cast with laser accuracy, skip lures across the surface, and maneuver them around structure with finesse, crucial for targeting saltwater veterans like redfish and snook. Their rugged construction stands up to the harshness of the ocean, boasting corrosion-resistant bodies, powerful drags, and sealed bearings to handle aggressive fish and relentless waves. Forget the dreaded backlash – modern baitcasting reels feature advanced braking systems that adapt to your casting style, making them surprisingly beginner-friendly.

So, where do you start? Here are some rod and reel combos to consider for your saltwater baitcasting journey:



Remember, choosing the right rod and reel is personal. Consider your target species, fishing style, and budget when making your decision. Don't be afraid to ask experienced anglers or visit local tackle shops for advice. With the right gear and practice, saltwater baitcasting can open a world of exciting possibilities, transforming you from a passive angler to a master of the tide.

Among the specialized types of casts with a bait casting rod are two made popular by tournament fishermen:

Fly fishermen use artificial flies as a lure. Most flies have almost no weight and by themselves could not be cast with other types of rods and reels. The fly rod works because it uses a much heavier line than the other types. It is the line that is being cast. The fly simply goes where the line goes. Fly casting looks more difficult than it is. In less than a couple of hours most beginners can learn the basic cast. Fly casting is more involved than other types of casting. There are fly fishing schools that teach fly casting.

To cast a fly rod, the angler pulls several feet of line off the reel. The rod tip is moved back then in a fluid motion and accelerating, it is moved forward as the line is released. In fishing streams and rivers, trees and shrubs on the bank may prevent an overhead cast. Another type of cast is the 'roll cast'. Using the rod tip the fisherman forces the rod tip down to roll the line forward. Most fly lines are rated by a weight system. A 1wt (one weight) is very light while a 13wt is very heavy. It would be suitable for large salt water fish. Rods (and reels) are rated by the weight of the line they are designed for. Unfortunately there is no one size for all kinds of fish and fishing situations.

The term may also be used for casting a net. The net is cast (thrown) by hand so that it spreads out on the water and sinks. Fish are caught in the net and it is hauled back in. Net casting is often used to catch fish for bait. Modern cast nets have a radius of from 4 to 12 feet (1.2 to 3.6 metres). A larger net full of fish may take more than one person to pull it in. Cast nets also sometimes use a 'net thrower' device. This helps spin the net as its thrown, keeping it open. Cast nets work best in shallow water.

Casting (known as Casting Sport) is also a sport. The sport is supervised by the International Casting Sport Federation (ICSF). As of April 2014 are in 31 countries.

Casting competitions were active in England and the United States in the later 1800s. In 1881 the first tournament was held just outside of London. In 1955, 14 different national associations started the ICF (now ICSF). The ICSF sets all international standards for the sport. It sponsors tournaments. It also recognizes world records for accuracy and distance. This sport uses plastic weights or hookless flies. Competitions can be held on water or on athletic fields. There are competitive divisions for almost all types of fly, fixed spool and revolving spool tackle, and competitor classes. Competitive casting is part of the World Games.

World Championship in 2014 are to be held in Szamotuly (Poland), from 3 to 7 September.


Fishing line

A fishing line is a thin flexible string or line intended for angling. It can be made from any of a number of materials. Monofilament is the most common. It is made from a single fiber of plastic. Fishing line is rated for its breaking strength, castability, and knot strength. resistance is another good quality of a fishing line. 

Gregg Popovich

Gregg Charles Popovich (born January 28, 1949 in East Chicago, Indiana) is an American basketball coach. He is the head coach of the National Basketball Association's San Antonio Spurs. Taking over as coach of the Spurs in 1996, Popovich is the longest serving active coach in both the NBA and all Big Four sports leagues. He is often called "Coach Pop" or simply "Pop". Popovich has coached the San Antonio Spurs to five NBA championships and an NBA record 18 consecutive seasons with 50 or more wins (despite a 66-game regular season in 2011-12). He is considered one of the greatest NBA coaches of all time and a strong future candidate for the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.

Jerry Reinsdorf

Jerry M. Reinsdorf (born February 25, 1936) is an American lawyer and an owner of the NBA's Chicago Bulls and the MLB's Chicago White Sox. He started his professional life as a tax attorney with the Internal Revenue Service. He has been the head of the White Sox and Bulls for over 25 years.

Poway, California

Poway is a city in San Diego County, California. As of the 2020 census the city had a population of 48,841. The ZIP code is 92064.

Springfield, Vermont

Springfield is a town in Windsor County, Vermont, United States. The population was 9,062 at the 2020 census.

Joe Pittman

Joseph Wayne Pittman (January 1, 1953 – June 13, 2014), nicknamed "Shoe" or "Shoes", was an American baseball player. He was backup infielder and outfielder. He played in Major League Baseball for the Houston Astros, San Diego Padres and San Francisco Giants in between the seasons of 1981 and 1984.

Pittman was born in Houston, Texas. He was African American.

Pittman died after collapsing at a construction job on June 12, 2014 in Freeport, Texas. He was 61.

Thai solar calendar

The Thai solar calendar is a solar calendar that is used by Thailand. King Chulalongkorn adopted the calendar in AD 1888 to be the Siamese version of the Gregorian calendar. The years are now counted in the Buddhist Era rather than the Christian Era.

On 6 September 1940, Prime Minister Phibunsongkhram stated that 1 January 1941 would be the start of the year 2484 BE, so that year 2483 BE had only nine months. To convert dates from 1 January to 31 March before that year, the number to add or subtract is 542; otherwise, it would be 543.

Anna Lee

Joan Boniface Winnifrith (known as Anna Lee; 2 January 1913 – 14 May 2004) was an English actress. She acted in movies and television. She played Sister Margaretta in "The Sound of Music". She also played Lila in the soap "General Hospital".

Lee was born in the Ightham section of Kent, England. She died from pneumonia at age 91 in Beverly Hills, California.

Helen Levitt

Helen Levitt (August 31, 1913 – March 29, 2009) was an American photographer. She was well known for street photography around New York City.

She was born in Brooklyn, New York City. She died in New York City, age 95.

World Phenomenology Institute

The World Phenomenology Institute (WPI) is an academic organization that recommends scholarship in the area of phenomenology. The organization was founded by Polish-American philosopher Anna-Teresa Tymieniecka (1923–2014) in 1976. It was first called the World Institute for Advanced Phenomenological Research and Learning.


Eden Hazard

Eden Hazard (Born 7 January 1991) is a former Belgian footballer. Over a 16-year career he played for Lille, Chelsea and Real Madrid, as well as for the Belgium national team. He made 126 appearances for Belgium, scoring 33 goals.

Hazard is regarded as one of the best players of his generation.

Alain Mabanckou

Alain Mabanckou (born 24 February 1966) is a writer. He is a French citizen born in the Republic of the Congo.

His first novel was published in 1998. Mabanckou's work has been published in fifteen languages. His non-fiction books talk about Africa and the African diaspora in France.

Mabanckou is a Professor of Literature at UCLA.

Alain Mabanckou was born in Congo-Brazzaville in 1966 . He spent his childhood in the coastal city of Pointe-Noire .He received a scholarship at The Marien Ngouabi University in Brazzaville to go to France at the age of 22 . After receiving a post-graduate Diploma in Law from the Université Paris-Dauphine, he worked for about ten years for the group Suez-Lyonnaise des Eaux.


Highlights

Highlights is a dansband from Sweden.

The band was established in 2004 by Andreas Wistrand, who'd participated at Fame Factory, together with Henrik Sethsson. 

The band released its debut album in 2005, receiving five "plus" when reviewed by Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet. The band also won the Guldklaven award in 2006, in the category "Newcomer of the year".

In 2007 the band charted at Sverigetoppen for 24 weeks with the single "Varje liten droppe regn". The same year, bandmember Andreas Wistrand recorded the Christmas single "Du är det enda jag vill ha", written by , Henrik Sethsson and Ulf Georgsson, together with Swedish singer Sandra Oxenryd.

The band participated at Dansbandskampen in 2008 and 2009, and in 2010, the band participated at Melodifestivalen together with MiSt, performing the song "Come and Get Me Now", which was written by Mia Terngård and Stefan Lebert. However, the song was knocked out of contest.





Rangeley, Maine

Rangeley is a town in Franklin County, Maine in the United States. The population was 1,222 in the 2020 census. The town is on the east side of Rangeley Lake, in the Western Maine mountains. It is a popular summer resort. The winters are very cold with a snow cover. A sign in town says that Rangeley is halfway between the Equator and the North Pole.

Rangeley is named after an English settler, Squire James Rangeley. He had a 31,000 acre piece of land that was bought in 1796 by his father. He came in 1825 to build the town. He built a sawmill, a gristmill, a mansion, and a ten-mile road to get to other towns.

The Phillips and Rangeley railroad opened in 1891 and tourists from Boston; Hartford; New York; and Philadelphia started to come. In the early 1900s, Rangeley became a summer resort area with camps, cabins, summer homes, and hotels. The cool mountain climate and plenty of sport fishing make this a likeable town.

Some local people became fishing guides for visitors. Among the fishermen was President Herbert Hoover. The big hotels went away during World War II. The Rangeley Lake House was torn down in 1958. New hotels have taken their place, so Rangeley remains popular.

One of many famous people who lives in Rangeley is Kurt Russell, the movie star. He quietly owns a home in the mountains here. He is locally called by the name "Snake Plisskin". His father, the actor Bing Russell, was a native of Rangeley.
Wilhelm Reich, a well-known Austrian-American psychiatrist and psychoanalyst made his home in Rangeley during his later years. He took over a large estate () and named it Orgonon. It became his home, laboratory and research center. Reich is buried here on the grounds. It is now open to the public as the Wilhelm Reich Museum, with rental cottages available.


Insurgent (novel)

Insurgent is a 2012 dystopian novel by Veronica Roth. The book is a sequel to the novel "Divergent" and is followed by the final book in the trilogy, "Allegiant". It was number four on the New York Times Best Seller List for Young Adult fiction. "Insurgent" is set after "Divergent", and continues the story of Beatrice Prior.

Allegiant (novel)

Allegiant is the final book in the dystopian trilogy by Veronica Roth. It follows the first two books, "Divergent" and "Insurgent". "Allegiant" takes place a few weeks after "Insurgent". It is double narrated by Tris Prior and Tobias Eaton, her boyfriend

Jorge Romo

Jorge Romo Fuentes (20 April 1923 – 17 June 2014) was a Mexican football midfielder. He played for Mexico in the 1954 and 1958 FIFA World Cups. He also played for Club Deportivo Marte and Deportivo Toluca.

Romo died in Mexico City from natural causes, aged 90.


IPod Touch (5th generation)

The fifth generation iPod Touch (sold as iPod touch, sometimes called the iPod Touch 5 or iPod Touch 5G) is a pocket computer that is designed and sold by Apple Inc. It replaces the fourth generation iPod Touch. Like the iPhone 5, it is a thinner and lighter that introduces a 4-inch screen. Other new features include 1080p video recording, panoramic pictures, an LED flash, an Apple A5 processor, and Siri.

The fifth generation iPod Touch also comes in several different colors: space grey, silver, pink, yellow, blue, and Product Red. The fifth generation iPod Touch was announced along with the iPhone 5 on September 12, 2012, and it was released on October 11, 2012.

At first, the device was only sold in 32 and 64 GB models. The first 16 GB model was introduced on May 30, 2013. It was only available in one color, it didn't have a back camera, and it didn't have the iPod Touch loop that the 32 and 64 GB models have. A new version of the 16 GB model was released on June 26, 2014, and it has the back camera as well as more color options. The prices for all iPod Touch models have also dropped on that same day.

The fifth generation iPod Touch runs Apple's iOS mobile operating system. It shipped with iOS 6, which was released on September 19, 2012. It can play music, movies, television shows, eBooks, audiobooks, and podcasts.

The fifth generation iPod Touch is the first iPod Touch to have Siri, which was also on the iPhone 4S and other iPhone models that came after it. The software was made better in iOS 6 to have the ability to open apps, see movie reviews, sports scores, make Facebook or Twitter updates, and more. It also supports iMessage, an instant messaging service that allows users to send unlimited messages to devices that run iOS 5 or later. Some apps and features that came with iOS 6 included Apple Maps, Passbook, and screen mirroring, meaning that you can be able to put the iPod Touch's screen on a television. The new Apple Maps application, which replaced Google Maps, doesn't have many features that other maps apps have. It can also sometimes give wrong directions which are still not fixed, even after the iOS 7 updates. The Passbook app can get boarding passes, tickets, coupons, and other cards. A device with the Passbook app can be scanned under a barcode reader to buy things. A feature called AirPlay was available, meaning that you can put the iPod Touch's screen on an Apple TV or other device. It was the first generation of iPod Touch to support it.

The fifth generation iPod touch currently runs iOS 7, which was released on September 18, 2013. It is the only iPod Touch that supports iOS 7. Apple announced on June 2, 2014 that the fifth generation iPod Touch would support iOS 8 in the fall.

The fifth generation iPod Touch has an aluminum body that is made from the same aluminum that is used in a MacBook. Along with an iSight camera and an LED flash, the fifth generation iPod Touch has a new feature called the "iPod touch loop." There is a button on the bottom left side on the back of the iPod Touch. You press down on the button and you are able to put a loop around the button.

WrestleMania 13

WrestleMania 13 was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event made by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on March 23, 1997 at the Rosemont Horizon in Rosemont, Illinois. It was the thirteenth WrestleMania event held by the WWF.

Daniel Keyes

Daniel Keyes (August 9, 1927 - June 15, 2014) was an American author. He was well known for his Hugo award-winning short story and Nebula award-winning novel "Flowers for Algernon". Keyes was given the Author Emeritus honor by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America in 2000.

Keyes died of pneumonia in Boca Raton, Florida, aged 86.

Juverțelul River

The Juverțelul River is a tributary in Romania. It is a part of the Juvertul River in Romania.

I Spit on Your Grave

I Spit on Your Grave is a 1978 American rape and revenge horror thriller movie. It was widely released in 1980.

This movie was very controversial. Most critics did not like it. Roger Ebert gave the movie thumbs down. It became a cult classic in later years.

It was remade in 2010.

I Spit on Your Grave 2

I Spit on Your Grave 2 is a 2013 American crime horror movie. It is a sequel to "I Spit on Your Grave"

The movie is about a student named Katie who gets kidnapped from New York City. She is taken to Bulgaria for her abductors to rape her. She later gets revenge by tormenting her kidnappers.

Most critics didn't like "I Spit on Your Grave 2". In 2015, a sequel, "", was released.

Texarkana, Texas

Texarkana is a city in Texas, United States. It had a population of 36,193 in 2020, and is the most populated city in Bowie County. It is the twin city of Texarkana, Arkansas.

George Hickenlooper

George Loening Hickenlooper III (May 25, 1963 – October 29, 2010) was an American documentary filmmaker and narrator. He made several documentary movies.

Hickenlooper was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He died from an accidental painkiller overdose. Sleep apnea was also a factor. He died in Denver, Colorado.

The Nameless

"The Nameless" is the only single off American metal band Slipknot's first live album "". The song was also included on their third studio album "". It was released on November 1, 2005. 

The song was featured on the album ""Promo only: Modern Rock Radio"" in 2005. The song was the eighth song on the album ""Mainstream & Rock series"" in December 2005. When The Scorched Earth Orchestra performed Slipknot songs, they added The Nameless to the album ""The Scorched Earth Orchestra Performs Slipknot"". The tribute album was released through Vitamin Records and has covers of songs from Slipknot's first three studio albums. The label's website said that The Scorched Earth Orchestra "expand on Slipknot's marching-band-from-hell framework" with "booming percussion, in-your-face horns [and] string sections that rip at your flesh."


Beaumont, Texas

Beaumont ( ) is a city in Jefferson County, Texas, United States. It is also the county seat of Jefferson County. The city's population was 115,282 at the 2020 census.

Victoria, Texas

Victoria is a City in Texas. It is the county seat of Victoria County. The population was 65,534 as of the 2020 census.

Fort Davis, Texas

Fort Davis is the County seat of Jeff Davis County, Texas, United States.

Danny Thomas

Danny Thomas (January 6, 1912 – February 6, 1991) was an American comedian, actor and producer. He starred in the sitcom "Make Room for Daddy" (aka "The Danny Thomas Show"). He was the father of Marlo Thomas and two other children.

Thomas also had a career in network radio. He also founded the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in 1962.

He was born in Deerfield, Michigan. He died in Los Angeles at age seventy-nine of heart failure.

Kathleen Ferrier

Kathleen Ferrier (22 April 1912 – 8 October 1953) was an English contralto singer. She got an international reputation for being a concert, stage and recording artist. 

Ferrier was born in Higher Walton, Lancashire. Ferrier was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1951. She died aged 41 at University College Hospital, London.

Edward C. Hayes

Edward Cary Hayes (February 10, 1868 – 1928) was a pioneer in American sociology. He was a founder and president of the American Sociological Association. He was born in Lewiston, Maine.

Hayes died in Urbana, Illinois, aged 60.


Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa

Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa is a 2013 American comedy movie directed by Jeff Tremaine. It is the fourth movie of the movie series for "Jackass". The movie is about an eccentric 86-year-old man Irving. His wife dies, his daughter is sent to jail and he takes his 8-year-old grandson to the child's father. It stars Johnny Knoxville, Jackson Nicoll, and Spike Jonze. It was released on October 25, 2013.

Spitting Image

Spitting Image is a British satire comedy puppet show. It was created by Peter Fluck, Roger Law and Martin Lambie-Nairn. The show often makes fun of politicians such as Ronald Reagan, Margaret Thatcher, Mikhail Gorbachev, Queen Elizabeth, George H. W. Bush, and Konstantin Chernenko. It ran from 1984 to 1996 on ITV. Since 2020, it continues on BritBox.

Raisa Gorbachova

Raisa Maximovna Gorbacheva ( "Raisa Maksimovna Gorbachyova", née Titarenko, Титаре́нко; 5 January 1932 – 20 September 1999) was a Soviet activist and philanthropist. She was the wife of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev. Gorbacheva was the First Lady of the Soviet Union from October 1988 to December 1991.

Gorbacheva suffered from a stroke in October 1993. She was diagnosed with leukemia and died on 20 September 1999 at Münster University Hospital in Germany, aged 67.


Vanderhoof, British Columbia

Vanderhoof is a district municipality in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Vanderhoof is found near the geographical centre in the Interior Plateau region. The population of Vanderhoof was 4,480 in 2011. The mayor of Vanderhoof is Gerry Thiessen.

Vanderhoof is known for their bird sanctuary which is found along the Nechako River. During their yearly migration, the river is passed through by Canada geese, swan, as well as other birds.


Tino Insana

Silvio Peter "Tino" Insana (February 15, 1948 – May 31, 2017) was an American actor, producer, writer, singer, voice artist, and comedian, best known for his roles in "Barnyard", "Back at the Barnyard", "Bubble Guppies", "Bobby's World", and "".

On May 31, 2017, Insana died of cancer in Los Angeles, California at the age of 69.

Insana was born Silvio Peter Insana in Chicago, Illinois on February 15, 1948.

On May 31, 2017, Insana died of cancer in Los Angeles, California at the age of 69.

Oceanville, New Jersey

Oceanville is an unincorporated community in Galloway Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. Oceanville is located on U.S. Route 9 north-northeast of Absecon. Oceanville has a post office with ZIP code 08231.

Barry Gordon

Barry Gordon (born December 21, 1948) is an American movie, television and voice actor and political talk show host and producer. He was the longest-serving president of the Screen Actors Guild, having served from 1988 to 1995 (one year longer than either Charlton Heston or Ronald Reagan).


Gary Owens

Gary Owens (May 10, 1934 – February 12, 2015) was an American disc jockey and voice actor. He is known for his roles in "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In", "The Gong Show", "Dynomutt, Dog Wonder", "Midnight Cowboy", and in "Roger Ramjet".

Owens was born in Mitchell, South Dakota. Owens died February 12, 2015, from complications due to type 1 diabetes, a condition he had experienced since childhood.


Tofino

Tofino is a district in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Tofino is found on the West Coast of Vancouver Island. It is at the western terminus of Highway 4, it is on the tip of the Esowista Peninsula, and is at the southern edge of Clayoquot Sound. The population of Tofino was 1,876 in 2011. The mayor of Tofino is Josie Osborne.

Tofino is a popular spot for surfers, campers, fishermen, nature lovers, and whale watchers during the Summer. Tofino is named in association with the Tofino Inlet. In 1792, the Tofino Inlet was named by the Spanish commanders Galiano and Valdés to honour Admiral Vicente Tofiño de San Miguel y Wanderiales.


Wells, British Columbia

Wells is a small mining and tourist town in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Wells is in the Cariboo District. It is on Highway 26, is 74 km away from Quesnel and is 8 km before the highway's terminus at Barkerville. The town gets most of its income and jobs from tourists that travel through the town on their way to the Bowron Lake Provincial Park and Barkerville.

During its highest point in popularity in the 1940s, the town had 4500 people. The town was first run as a company town and was managed by Cariboo Gold Quartz Mine. The town was featured on the historical documentary television series "Gold Trails and Ghost Towns" during the 13th episode of the 3rd season.


Surya

Surya Dev is an important deity in Hinduism, who is regarded as the God of the Sun and daylight and the former King of the Devas.

Yama

Yama is the god of death in Hinduism and Buddhism.

In Japan he is called "Enma" and "Great King Enma".

Vayu

Vayu is the wind god in Hinduism.

Sag DEG

Sag DEG is a small loop-shaped satellite galaxy of the Milky Way. It is known by other names, such as the Sagittarius dwarf elliptical galaxy or the Sagittarius dwarf spheroidal galaxy.

It consists of four globular clusters. The main cluster having been discovered in 1994. Sag DEG is about 10,000 light-years in diameter, and is about 70,000 light-years from Earth. 

It moves in a polar orbit (i.e. an orbit passing through the galactic plane) at a distance of about 50,000 light-years from the core of the Milky Way (about 1/3 the distance of the Large Magellanic Cloud). In its looping, spiralling path, it has passed through the plane of the Milky Way several times in the past.

Sag DEG should not be confused with the Sagittarius dwarf irregular galaxy, or the Sag DIG, a small galaxy 3.4 million light-years distant.

Messier 54

Messier 54 (or M54 or NGC 6715) is a globular cluster in the constellation Sagittarius. It was discovered by Charles Messier in 1778. Later, he included it in his catalog of comet-like objects.

M54 was thought to belong to our Milky Way galaxy, but in 1994 it was discovered that M54 belongs to the Sagittarius dwarf elliptical galaxy ('Sag DEG'). 

M54 is some 87,000 light-years from us, and has a radius of 150 light-years across. It is one of the most dense globulars. It shines with the luminosity of roughly 850,000 times that of the Sun and has an absolute magnitude of −10.0.

M54 is easily found in the sky, being close to the star ζ Sagittarii. Individual stars cannot be seen with amateur telescopes.

It is on or near SagDEG's center. Some authors think it actually may be its core; but others do not.

In July 2009, a team of astronomers found evidence of a medium-sized black hole in the core of M54.

Paramount

Paramount can refer to:

Crossed

Crossed is a 2011 dystopian novel by Ally Condie. The book is the second in a trilogy. The first book in the trilogy is "Matched". The third book is "Reached". "Crossed" continues the story of Cassia Reyes. This book is in a dual part narration between Cassia and her boyfriend, Ky Markham.

Reached

Reached is the last book in a dystopian trilogy by Ally Condie. It was published in 2012. It takes place a few weeks after the first two books, "Matched" and "Crossed".

"Reached" finishes the story of Cassia Reyes in a five-part triple narrative split between Cassia, her boyfriend Ky Markham, and her best friend/match Xander Carrow.

Veronica Roth

Veronica Roth (born August 19, 1988) is an American writer. She was born in New York City. She is the youngest of three kids. All of her siblings live in Chicago with her. She attended Barrington High School and then Carleton College. Later, she decided to move to Northwestern University. She was part of the creative writing program and graduated in 2010 with a bachelor's degree in arts. She lives with her husband, Nelson Fitch, in Chicago. She wrote the books for the Divergent trilogy ("Divergent", "Insurgent", and "Allegiant"). She also wrote two companion books to "Divergent": "The Divergent World: The Path to Allegiant" and "Four: A Divergent Story Collection, "which came out September 3, 2014. The novel was adapted into a movie in 2014.


Ally Condie

Ally Condie (born November 2, 1978) is an American writer. She is best known for the "Matched" trilogy ("Matched, Crossed" and "Reached"). She also wrote the "Yearbook" Trilogy ("Yearbook, First Day" and "Reunion"). She also wrote "Freshman for President", "Being Sixteen" and "Atlantia".

Condie lives with her husband and three children in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Line segment

In geometry, a line segment is a line between two different endpoints. It is represented by a line above the symbols of the two endpoints (such as formula_1). Unlike a line, a line segment does not extend beyond the endpoints.

An example of a line segment is a side of a triangle. If the endpoints are on a curve, like a circle, then the line segment is called a chord.


Point Alison, Alberta

Point Alison is a summer village in Alberta, Canada. It is on the northern side of Wabamun Lake.

Wabamun Lake

Wabamum Lake is a lake in Alberta, Canada. It is 65 kilometres (40 miles) west of Edmonton, Alberta. It is 19.2 kilometres (11.9 miles) long and 6.6 kilometres (4.1 miles) wide. It covers 82 square kilometres (32 square miles). It is 11 metres (36 feet) deep at its deepest.

The name of the lake comes from the Cree language word for mirror.

Edmonton Elks

The Edmonton Elks, formerly known as the Edmonton Eskimos and briefly as Edmonton Football Team, are a professional Canadian football team. They are based in Edmonton, Alberta. The team plays home games at Commonwealth Stadium. It is part of the West Division of the Canadian Football League (CFL). It was started in 1949. The team has won the league's Grey Cup thirteen times. Only one team has won the cup more often.

In the 21st century, the team nickname caused major controversy because the term "Eskimo" is now considered a slur by the Inuit, the indigenous people of Arctic Canada. The team dropped the "Eskimos" name on July 21, 2020, using "Edmonton Football Team" as a placeholder name while a new nickname was chosen. The new name of Elks was announced on June 1, 2021.

Elizabeth Catlett

Elizabeth Catlett (April 15, 1915 – April 2, 2012) was an American-born printmaker and sculptor. She is best known for black sculptures and prints she made during the 1960s and 1970s. Those prints had political themes.

Catlett was born in Washington, D.C.. In 1946 she moved to Mexico, where she lived until her death at age 96. She became a Mexican citizen in 1962.


Pierre D'Archambeau

Pierre D'Archambeau (April 3, 1927 – June 16, 2014) was a Belgian-born American violin virtuoso and pedagogue. He worked with many noted musicians, including Arturo Toscanini, Pablo Casals, Jacques Thibaud, Nadia Boulanger and Fritz Kreisler. 

D'Archambeau died on June 16, 2014, in his home in Massachusetts, aged 87.

Vladimir Popovkin

Vladimir Aleksandrovich Popovkin (; 25 September 1957 – 18 June 2014) was a Russian military personnel. He was the General Director of the Russian Federal Space Agency and former First Deputy Defense Minister of Russia. 

He was a General of the Army and former commander of the Russian Space Forces.

Popovkin died of cancer on 18 June 2014 in a hospital in Petah Tikva, Israel, aged 56.

Leon Ames

Leon Ames (born Harry L. Wycoff; January 20, 1902 – October 12, 1993) was an American movie and television actor. He was known for his roles in "Meet Me in St. Louis" (1944), "The Postman Always Rings Twice" (1946), "Little Women" (1949), "On Moonlight Bay" (1951) and "By the Light of the Silvery Moon" (1953).


Kathleen Nolan

Kathleen Nolan (born September 27, 1933) is an American actress. She was known for her role as Kate McCoy, a housewife in the Walter Brennan series "The Real McCoys".

Nolan was born Jocelyn Schrum in St. Louis, Missouri. Nolan became the first female President of the Screen Actors Guild (1975–1979, two terms). She is a life member of the Actors Studio.


Dana Andrews

Dana Andrews (January 1, 1909 – December 17, 1992) was an American movie actor. He was one of the most famous Hollywood actors during the 1940s. He was known for his role in "The Best Years of Our Lives" (1946).

Andrews died from pneumonia and heart failure caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 83.


Richard Masur

Richard Masur (born November 20, 1948) is an American movie actor. He has appeared in more than 80 movies during his career. From 1995 to 1999, he served two terms as president of the Screen Actors Guild (SAG). Masur sits on the Corporate Board of the Motion Picture & Television Fund.

Masur was born in New York City, New York.


Alan Rosenberg

Alan Rosenberg (born October 4, 1950) is an American actor. From 2005 to 2009, he was president of the Screen Actors Guild. Rosenberg is known for voicing Boba Fett in "".

Rosenberg was born in Passaic, New Jersey to a Jewish family.

Robin Morgan

Robin Morgan (born January 29, 1941) is an American activist, poet, and actress. She is most well known for her work as a key member of the feminist movement. She is most well known for organizing the 1968 Miss America Protest in Atlantic City, New Jersey.

She attended The Wetter School in Mount Vernon, and graduated in the year 1956. Although, after finishing her high school degree, her mother did not let her attend a formal university. Instead, she had a private tutor teach her college level courses and took some classes from Columbia University as a part-time student there.

Her career started very young as a child model and actress. In 1945, she had her own radio show called "The Little Robin Morgan Show""." At that same time, she appeared multiple times as a consistent guest star on "Juvenile Jury". Her best known work as an actress was on "Mama," where she was one of the main characters for 7 years. 

Then, at age 14 she decided to switch her focus to her writing. Starting in the 1950s, she published her poems and other writing pieces. In the 1960s, she also worked as a literary agent and freelance editor in New York City.

In 1968, she helped to organize the Miss America Protest in Atlantic City, New Jersey. This protest fought to end the Miss America annual beauty pageants because they enforced sexist beauty standards. This work spurred her on to join more committees and have a larger voice in the feminist movement as well as other activist movements. From 1989 to 1994 she was the editor-in-chief of Ms. Magazine, the first national liberal feminist news magazine. 

She did most of her activism work during the late 1900’s and early 2000’s. She has protested both nationally and globally. Her other work nationally includes protesting against pornography in the media, unequal pay, sexual harassment and assault, and many more feminist issues. Globally she traveled all around the world (especially in the late 1980’s) to fight for women's rights, racial equality, and more. Her career started as a child actress and model, before she ultimately decided to focus on her writing. 

She is now an award-winning author who has published poetry, nonfiction books, and fictional novels. She has also founded and/or been an important member of the National Battered Women's Refuge Network, the Student Nonviolence Coordinating Committee (SNCC), Women's Media Center, the National Network of Rape Crisis Centers, the Feminist Writers' Guild, the Women's Foreign Policy Council, the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), the National Museum of Women in the Arts, the Sisterhood Is Global Institute, the Anti-Vietnam War movement, GlobalSister.org, New York Radical Women, W.I.T.C.H., and Greenstone Women's Radio Network. Now, she also works as a lecturer across the globe in universities and workplace settings. She also still is publishing her writing work.

In order of date published:

In order of date released:


Ken Howard

Kenneth Joseph "Ken" Howard, Jr. (March 28, 1944 – March 23, 2016) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles as Thomas Jefferson in "1776" and as basketball coach and former Chicago Bulls player Ken Reeves in the television show "The White Shadow". He was elected president of the Screen Actors Guild in September 2009 and elected to a second term in September 2011.

Howard died in Santa Clarita, California on March 23, 2016 of pneumonia complicated by shingles and prostate cancer five days before his 72nd birthday.


Passaic, New Jersey

Passaic is a city in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the city had a total population of 70,537.

Passaic County, New Jersey

Passaic County is a county in New Jersey, United States. It had a population of 524,118 in 2020. Its county seat is Paterson. Passaic County was created on February 7, 1837. It is near New York City. A city, Passaic, is named after the county.

Wimbledon, North Dakota

Wimbledon is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 178 at the 2020 census. Wimbledon was founded in 1892.

Bemidji, Minnesota

Bemidji is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota. It has a population of 14,574 residents as of 2020. The television series "Fargo" is set in Bemidji. Bemidji was founded in 1874.

Keith Carradine

Keith Ian Carradine (born August 8, 1949) is an American movie and television actor and singer. He is known for his roles as Tom Frank in Robert Altman's "Nashville", Wild Bill Hickok in the HBO series "Deadwood" and FBI agent Frank Lundy in "Dexter".

In 1976, Carradine won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "I'm Easy". That song was in the movie "Nashville".


Horace Silver

Horace Silver (born Horace Ward Martin Tavares Silva, September 2, 1928 – June 18, 2014) was an American jazz pianist and composer.

Silver is known for his humorous and funky playing style and his hard bop music. He was influenced by a wide range of musical styles, notably gospel music, African music, and Latin American music and sometimes the soul jazz genre.


Horace, North Dakota

Horace is a city in Cass County, North Dakota. As of 2020, the population was 3,085. Horace was founded in 1882.

College Station, Texas

College Station is a city in Brazos County, Texas. As of the 2020 census, College Station had a population of 120,511.

College Station is home to the main campus of Texas A&M University. Oftentimes it is called "CS" by students.

Tyler, Texas

Tyler is a City in Texas and a county seat in Smith County, Texas. As of 2020, over 105,995 people live there, making it the 38th most popular lived city in Texas (as well as the largest in Northeast Texas) and 289th in the United States. 

San Angelo, Texas

San Angelo is a city in Texas. It is the county seat of Tom Green County, Texas. At the 2020 United States Census, 99,893 people lived there.

Nacogdoches, Texas

Nacogdoches is a city in Texas.

Tornado outbreak of June 16–18, 2014

The June 16-18, 2014 tornado outbreak was an incident in which several strong tornadoes cut through Nebraska. Other tornadoes also affected Wisconsin, Montana, Ontario and South Dakota. A preliminary rating of the strongest tornadoes was EF4 (winds between 166 and just under 200 mph). There were two deaths from the tornado incident, both in Nebraska. 16 people were critically injured in the storms.

Marguerite Duras

Marguerite Germaine Marie Donnadieu (, 4 April 1914 – 3 March 1996), known as Marguerite Duras (), was a French writer and movie director. She first used the surname "Duras" on her 1943 novel "Les Impudents". She wrote "The Lover", which was later made into a 1992 movie. Duras was born in Saigon, Vietnam. She died in Paris from throat cancer, age 81.

Beatrice Straight

Beatrice Straight (August 2, 1914 – April 7, 2001) was an American actress. She played Dr. Lesh in the 1982 movie "Poltergeist". She also played Louise in the 1976 movie "Network". She also acted on television and on stage.

Straight was born in Old Westbury, New York. She died from Alzheimer's disease in Los Angeles. 

Julie Bishop (actress)

Jacqueline Wells (later Julie Bishop (August 30, 1914 – August 30, 2001) was an American actress. She appeared in over 80 movies between 1923 and 1957. She also acted on television. She began her career as a child actress. She played Myrtle Reed in the movie "Lady Gangster". She played a stewardess in "Princess O'Rourke".

Bishop also acted on stage.

The actress was born in Denver, Colorado. She died in Mendocino, California on her 87th birthday from pneumonia.

Muskellunge

The muskellunge ("Esox masquinongy") is a freshwater game fish. It is the largest member of the Esox (Pike) family. The muskellunge is also called the muskie or maskinonge (Canada). It is native to northern and eastern North America. Muskies have been introduced into other U.S. states.. Muskies are carnivorous and eat other fish. They are ambush feeders who will attack anything that moves in or on the water.

Currently there are three recognized subspecies of Muskellunge.

There is also a hybrid called the Tiger muskellunge (or Tiger Muskie). It is a cross between the Muskellunge and the Northern pike ("Esox lucius"). They are smaller than true muskies but can grow up to 1.5 times faster in the first year. They are almost always sterile and cannot reproduce.

True muskies have light colored bodies. They can be silver, light green, or light brown. They usually have dark bars on their sides. This is the opposite of the Northern pike which Muskies are sometimes confused with. Northern pike (northerns) have dark bodies with light colored bars on the sides. Muskies also have scales only on the upper half of the cheek. The best way to tell the two apart is the pores under the jaw. Northerns have five or less; muskies have six or more. Males are always smaller than females.

Tiger muskies look like both muskies and northerns. Their "tiger" stripes are more distinctive than the true musky. Where both species live in the same waters, tiger muskies occur naturally. But they are never in large numbers. Once biologists realized that tiger muskies were a hybrid, they began raising them in hatcheries. There are no size differences between male and female tiger muskies.

The muskie is a very efficient predator. It lays in wait near the shoreline often in shallow water. It hides in weeds, near or under logs and rocks. In the summer as the water warms up, Muskies move to the cooler waters at lower depths. But will remain close to shallow water using drop-offs for cover. Muskies can stand water up to 90 degrees F.

Muskies forage (feed) mainly on other fish such as suckers and perch. They are ambush feeders who will feed on nearly anything. They have been known to eat Loons, ducks and small mammals like Muskrats.

When the water temperature reaches 60 °F, muskies feed heavily. At 80° the feeding slows down. They have a preference for larger fish over small fish. Muskies strike quickly. They often take their prey to a secluded area before eating it. They remain in the same area of a lake, sometimes for their entire lifetime.

Muskies are one of the largest freshwater fish in North America. The largest on record was 69 pounds, 15 ounces. Average muskies are usually less than 40 inches long and might weigh from 7 to 15 pounds. Muskies can live up to 30 years.

Just after the ice melts on northern lakes (called ice-out) and the water temperature is between 49° and 59°F, muskies begin to spawn. In lakes where both northern pike and muskies live, muskies spawn after the northerns. A female lays between 60,000 and 100,000 eggs. In lakes with northern pike and muskies, the muskie seems to have fewer numbers of surviving fry. Two reasons are suggested. Since northerns hatch about two weeks earlier than muskies, the young northerns feed on the smaller muskie fry. Another reason is that the young muskie fry swim just below the surface of the water. They are easily seen by fish below or birds flying over the water.

Muskies are an elusive fish but highly prized by anglers. Many fishermen specialize in muskie fishing and will fish for no other species. They are called "the fish of 10,000 casts". This gives some idea of how difficult they are to catch. According to many guides, muskies do not fear anything, including fisherman. They routinely follow lures back to the boat without striking. Sometimes they will flick a lure or fly back at the fisherman. Hooking a muskie is hard. Landing one is even harder. They will fight hard for short periods and should be landed quickly to avoid stressing them. Prolonged fighting of muskie on insufficient tackle could kill them even after they swim away. Skill and luck are needed to land one.

Muskies require very careful handling by anglers. A trophy size musky is an old fish. A 30-pound female may be 17 years old. If taken as a trophy they are not easily replaced. For that reason catch and release is strongly recommended. A musky may still fight being handled. They are large powerful fish with very sharp teeth. The mortality rate can be very high for fish that are handled carelessly.


Maudie Prickett

Maudie Prickett (October 25, 1914 – April 14, 1976) was an American actress. She was on ABC's "Bewitched" in various roles. She also played on "The Jack Benny Program" on CBS.

Prickett was born in Portland, Oregon. She died from renal failure in Pasadena, California, aged 61.

Dorothy Lamour

Dorothy Lamour (born Mary Leta Dorothy Slaton; December 10, 1914 – September 22, 1996) was an American actress and singer. She played Anita Alvarez in "Swing High, Swing Low". She also played Norma Malone in the movie "St. Louis Blues".

Lamour was born in New Orleans. She died in Los Angeles at age 81 after a heart attack.

The Mega Powers

The Mega Powers was a professional wrestling tag team. The team was made up of Randy Savage and Hulk Hogan. They were managed by Miss Elizabeth (who was Savage's real life wife but was portrayed as his on-screen girlfriend). The Mega Powers competed in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and in World Championship Wrestling (WCW). As of today, the only living member of the team is Hulk Hogan. Elizabeth died in 2003 and Savage died in 2011.



DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince

DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince is an American hip hop music group formed in 1985.


Galaxy group

A galaxy group is a group of galaxies made up of less than 50 or so members and bound by gravity. Collections of galaxies larger than groups are called galaxy clusters or superclusters. Our own galaxy, the Milky Way, is in the Local Group of more than 40 galaxies.

Galaxy groups are the smallest groups of galaxies. They usually have no more than 50 galaxies. The group in a diameter of 1 to 2 megaparsecs (about 4 to 8 million light-years). Their mass is about 10 solar masses. This is just a guide, because larger and more massive galaxy systems are sometimes called galaxy groups.

Supercluster

Superclusters are large collections of smaller galaxy groups and galaxy clusters. They are one of the largest known structures in the cosmos.

Superclusters show that the galaxies in the universe are not evenly distributed. Most, perhaps all, are in groups and clusters. Groups have some dozens of galaxies, and clusters up to several thousand galaxies. Those groups and clusters plus more isolated galaxies form even larger collections called superclusters.

Superclusters themselves form even larger structures, called "filaments", "complexes", "walls" or "sheets", like the Great Wall. These may span between several hundred million light-years to 10 billion light-years, and cover more than 5% of the observable universe. Superclusters suggest something about the initial condition of the universe when these superclusters were formed. The directions of the rotational axes of galaxies within superclusters may also tell us about the formation of galaxies early in the history of the Universe.
Inside superclusters are large voids of space in which few galaxies exist. Superclusters are often subdivided into groups of clusters called "galaxy clouds".

Ronnie Corbett

Ronald Balfour Corbett CBE (4 December 1930 – 31 March 2016) was a Scottish comedian, writer, actor, and broadcaster. He was a member of the Corbett family and was best known for his long association with Ronnie Barker in the BBC television comedy sketch show "The Two Ronnies".

Ronald Balfour Corbett was born at Edinburgh Royal Maternity Hospital and Simpson Memorial Maternity Pavilion in Edinburgh, Scotland on 4 December 1930. He was the son of William Balfour Corbett (1898–1974), a master baker, and his London-born wife Annie Elizabeth Corbett (née Main; 1900–1991). He had a brother, Allan, and a sister, Margaret.

Corbett married the actress and dancer Anne Hart at Brixton registry office on 30 May 1966. The couple had two daughters, Emma and Sophie. Their first child, Andrew, had a heart defect and died when he was six weeks old, at St Thomas' Hospital, in London. He had four grandchildren, including Dylan Corbett-Bader. Corbett and Hart first met during the late 1950s, while he was an up-and-coming comedian and she was working as a dancer at Winston's, Hanover Square, a club owned by Danny La Rue. The couple were married for 49 years until his death on 31 March 2016.

Corbett and Hart lived in a seven bedroom property named Fairways located in Addington, London from 1970 to 2003. The couple also owned a Scottish home named Muirfield Wood located in Gullane, East Lothian.

Corbett died at Shirley Oaks Hospital in Shirley, London, England on 31 March 2016, surrounded by his family. He was 85. He had been diagnosed with motor neurone disease in 2015.

Corbett's funeral was conducted by Canon Arthur Quinn at St. John the Evangelist near his home in Shirley on 18 April 2016. Mourners included Sir Michael Parkinson, David Walliams, Jimmy Tarbuck, Barry Cryer, and Rob Brydon. His body was cremated following a private service at Croydon Crematorium. His memorial service was held in Westminster Abbey on 7 June 2017. Mourners included Dame Joanna Lumley, Maureen Lipman, Dame Barbara Windsor, and Dame June Whitfield. His widow, Anne Hart, died at Muirfield Wood on 5 November 2023, at the age of 90.

Bernard Cribbins

Bernard Cribbins, OBE (29 December 1928 – 27 July 2022) was an English actor, voice-over artist and musical comedian. His career spanned over seventy years. Cribbins was known for his role as Wilfred Mott in "Doctor Who". He was also known for being the narrator of "The Wombles".

Cribbins died on 27 July 2022, aged 93. 


Politics of the United States

The United States is a federal constitutional republic, in which the President of the United States (the head of state and head of government), Congress, and judiciary share powers reserved to the national government, and the federal government shares sovereignty with the state governments.

The Constitution of the United States provides for a separation of powers among three branches. The executive branch is mostly about the President and is independent of the legislature. Legislative power is in the two chambers of Congress, the Senate and the House of Representatives.

The judicial branch (or judiciary), made of the Supreme Court and lower federal courts, focuses on the judicial power (or judiciary). The judiciary's main focus is to interpret the meaning of the United States Constitution and federal laws and rules. This includes solving problems between the executive and legislative branches.

Two political parties, the Democratic Party and the Republican Party have been the main participants in American politics since the American Civil War. There are also smaller parties like the Libertarian Party, the Green Party, and the Constitution Party. The Whig Party, the Federalist Party, and the Democratic-Republican Party were important many years ago. 

There are major differences between the political system of the United States and that of most other developed democracies. These include greater power in the upper house of the legislature, a wider scope of power held by the Supreme Court, the separation of powers between the legislature and the executive, and the dominance of only two main parties. Third parties have less political influence in the United States than in other developed country democracies.

The federal object created by the U.S. Constitution is the main feature of the American governmental system. However, most people are also subject to a state government, and all are subject to various units of local government. The latter include counties, municipalities, and special districts.

The federal government was created by the states, which as colonies were established separately and governed themselves independently of the others. Units of local government were created by the colonies to carry out various state functions. As the country expanded, it admitted new states modeled on the existing ones.

The USA is a federal union of fifty states. They have governors and legislatures to govern and make their laws. Each state also has two senators who represent their state in the United States Senate. There are also representatives who represent their local district in the United States House of Representatives.

The President of the United States is the head of state of the United States. They are elected by the American citizens every four years in democratic elections. They also appoint people who will work in different departments that focuses on special areas for the country. 


Foxborough, Massachusetts

Foxborough is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 18,618 at the 2020 census.

Least common multiple

The least common multiple of two integers is the smallest positive integer between all the multiples of both. It is usually written as LCM("a", "b"). Likewise, the LCM of more than two integers is the smallest positive integer that is divisible by each of them.

In elementary arithmetic, the LCM is also the "lowest common denominator" (LCD) that must be calculated, before fractions can be added, subtracted or compared.

A multiple of a number is the product of that number and an integer. For example, 10 is a multiple of 5 because 5 × 2 = 10, so 10 is divisible by 5 and 2. Because 10 is the smallest positive integer that is divisible by both 5 and 2, it is the least common multiple of 5 and 2. By the same principle, 10 is the least common multiple of 5 and 2 as well.

It is known that:

where formula_2 is the greatest common divisor of "a" and "b", This formula is often used to compute the LCD, by first finding the GCD of "a" and "b".


Leonor, Princess of Asturias

Leonor, Princess of Asturias (born 31 October 2005), is an Infanta of Spain. She is the present heiress to the Spanish throne.

Leonor was born at Ruber International Hospital in Madrid, She is the elder daughter of King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain. She became heiress on her father's accession to the throne, 19 June 2014. Her younger sister, Infanta Sofía, follows her in the line of succession.

On 22 September 2023, the Royal Household said that the princess would be sworn in the Constitution on 31 October 2023, on her 18th birthday. Three weeks earlier, on 7 October 2023, the Princess swore allegiance to the Spanish flag at the Military Academy.

If Leonor ascends to the throne, she will be Spain's first queen regnant since her 4th great-grandmother Isabella II, who reigned from 1833 to 1868.



Russ Blinco

Russell Percival Blinco (March 12, 1906 – June 28, 1982) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He played a total of 6 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Chicago Blackhawks and the Montreal Maroons. During his time with the Maroons, he won the Stanley Cup in 1935.

Before playing in the NHL, Blinco played two seasons with the Windsor Bulldogs of the IHL and one season with the Springfield Indians of the Can-Am League. After the Indians folded, the New York Rangers traded Blinco to the Montreal Maroons on December 18, 1932. During his first season with the Maroons, he was able to win the Calder Memorial Trophy after scoring 23 points in 34 games. Blinco and the Maroons were able to reach the 1935 Stanley Cup Finals where they went on to defeat the Toronto Maple Leafs in a 3 – 0 sweep to win the Stanley Cup. On September 15, 1932 ( bong wrong 15 sep 38). Blinco was traded along with Baldy Northcott and Earl Robinson by the Maroons to the Black Hawks for $30,000 cash. He is the first NHL player to wear glasses with playing. Blinco died on June 28, 1982.


Cordelia Fine

Cordelia Fine (born 1975) is a Canadian-born British academic psychologist and writer. She is a professor of gender studies, moral psychology and neuroethics at Melbourne Business School, Australia. Her first book, "Delusions of Gender", was published in 2010.

Fine was born to the children's writer Anne Fine and professor Kit Fine in Toronto.

Christ the Redeemer (statue)

Christ the Redeemer (), is a statue of Jesus Christ in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It was built between 1922 and 1931 and stands tall. It sits on a pedestal on the peak of the 

The first electric railway in Brazil was built in the late 1800s. At that time people would go to the top of the Corcovado Mountain to enjoy the panoramic view of the city below. Construction started in 1926 and took five years. During that time workers balanced themselves on scaffolds with no safety equipment. It was risky work but during the entire construction period, no workers were killed. Many regarded that as a miracle. The statue was finished in 1931. It was built to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of Brazil's independence from Portugal. The statue was built in France by the sculptor Paul Landowski. He never came to Rio to see the sculpture in place.

The statue underwent a $4 million renovation in 2010. Since then it has been damaged by lightning at least two times. Repairs in 2014 added more lightning rods to prevent future damage from lightning. 

The statue is maintained by the Archdiocese of Rio de Janeiro. 


<br>

Camille Paglia

Camille Anna Paglia (/ˈpɑːliə/; born April 2, 1947) is an American academic. Her dissertation "Sexual Personae" was published by Yale University Press in 1990. Paglia is a libertarian.

Paglia was born in Endicott, New York to Italian immigrants. In 1957 her family moved to Syracuse, New York.

"Sexual Personae" was rejected by 7 publishers before Yale University Press published it in 1990. In 1992 Paglia's second book was published. In 2012 Paglia's most recent book "Glittering Images" was published.

Esox

Esox is a genus of fresh water fish. It is the only living genus in the family Esocidae. The oldest known example of an "Esox" is "Esox tiemani". It dates to about 62 million years ago and was found in Alberta, Canada. They are commonly called pike and pickerel. They are found in the northern parts of North America, Europe and Asia. One species, "Esox lucius", the Northern pike, is found in both Europe and North America. Esox are large predatory fish with a long cylindrical body. They have a green color (various shades) with yellow eyes. Pike and pickerel share a forked tail fin and a large pointed head. Their dorsal and anal fins are located far back on their bodies. All species have very sharp teeth.

Currently there are five species in the "Esox" genus. The study of this family is not complete. There are several known hybrids between species which occur naturally. The five species are:

There is an extinct species called "Esox tiemani". 

All species of Esox are predatory feeders. They eat other fish, small mammals and birds. Pike will eat almost anything that doesn't eat them first.


Kate Millett

Katherine Murray "Kate" Millett (September 14, 1934 – September 6, 2017) was an American feminist writer. Her first book "Sexual Politics" was published 1970.

Millett was born to Catholic parents in St. Paul, Minnesota. In 1961 she moved to Japan. In 1965 she married sculptor Fumio Yoshimura. She was bisexual.

Millett died on September 6, 2017 in Paris, France of cardiac arrest at the age of 82.


Gerry Goffin

Gerald "Gerry" Goffin (February 11, 1939 – June 19, 2014) was an American lyricist. He was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990 with former songwriting partner and first wife, Carole King. 

Goffin died in Los Angeles, California, aged 75.


Dawn of the Planet of the Apes

Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is an American science-fiction movie directed by Matt Reeves. It stars Andy Serkis, Gary Oldman, Jason Clarke, and Keri Russell. It is the sequel to the 2011 movie "Rise of the Planet of the Apes". It was released on July 11, 2014. A sequel to the movie "War for the Planet of the Apes" was released on July 14, 2017.

Computational biology

Computational biology is a field of active research that studies problems in biology that need algorithms or statistics. 

Many people who work in computational biology are trained in biology, engineering, physics, statistics, or chemistry.

Planetary system

Planetary system is the general term for a star with planets and other objects in orbit around it. The Solar System is one of these. It is now clear that many other stars have planetary systems.

The 21st century has become a golden era of planetary system discovery. 4,801 such exoplanets in 3552 planetary systems have been discovered, including 789 multiplanet systems. Hundreds more systems are unconfirmed. 

The closest confirmed system is Gliese 832 at 14.8 light years (ly) with one confirmed planet.The closest unconfirmed system is Alpha Centauri at 4.37 ly with a planet of Earth mass. The closest multi-planet system is Gliese 876 at 15.3 ly with four confirmed planets.

Of particular interest to astrobiology is the habitable zone of planetary systems. This is thought to be the region with the most potential to develop extraterrestrial life.

Multiplanetary systems are stars with at least two confirmed planets, beyond our Solar System.

From the total of 1116 stars known to have exoplanets (as of June 2014, there are a total of 461 known multiplanetary systems. About 280 of these have only two confirmed exoplanets, but some have more. The star with the most confirmed planets is our Sun with 8 confirmed planets, while the stars with the most confirmed exoplanets are Kepler-90 and HD 10180 with 7 confirmed planets each; in 2012, two more exoplanet candidates have been suggested for HD 10180, which would bring the total to 9 exoplanets in that system.

Gliese 876, with 4 confirmed exoplanets, is the closest multiplanetary system at 15 light years from our Solar System. A total of 12 systems are known that are closer than 50 light years away, but most are much farther away. The farthest confirmed multiplanetary system is OGLE-2012-BLG-0026L, at 13300 ly away.

The two most important stellar properties are mass and metallicity because it determines how these planetary systems form. The higher mass and metallicity tend to have more planets and more massive planets.

Johnny Mann

Johnny Mann (August 30, 1928 – June 18, 2014) was an American musical entertainer. He was an arranger, composer, conductor, and recording artist. He was the bandleader of The Johnny Mann Singers. He later worked with musicians such as Johnny Burnette, The Crickets and Eddie Cochran. He also worked a lot with Joey Bishop, such as working on his show. He a singer for Alvin and the Chipmunks. He was also a musical director for "The Alvin Show", and voiced Theodore.

Mann was nominated for five Grammy Awards, winning two. He was signed with records such as Apex Records and Liberty Records.

Mann was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He was married to actress Lori Nelson from 1960 to 1973. He was finally married to Betty Mann from 1983 until his death.

Mann died on June 18, 2014 in Anderson, South Carolina, aged 85.

Rhyme scheme

A rhyme scheme is the pattern of rhyme between lines of a poem or song. People usually use letters to show which lines rhyme with which other lines. For example, in a poem that is ABAB, the first and third lines rhyme with each other and the second and fourth lines rhyme with each other. The most basic rhyme schemes are AA, AAA, AABB, ABAB and ABBA. There are also more complicated schemes, such as ABABBCC (rhyme royal), ABABABCC (ottava rima) or ABABBBCBCC (Spenserian stanza). Sonnets may have very different rhyme schemes, Italian (ABBA ABBA CDC DCD, ABBA ABBA CDE CDE, ABBA ABBA CDE EDC), French (ABBA ABBA CDCD EE), Spenserian (ABAB BCBC CDCD EE) or Shakesperian (ABAB CDCD EFEF GG).

Sometimes there are also internal rhymes. In the following strophe from Samuel Taylor Coleridge's "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner" there are rhymes and alliteration:

Some schemes are common, the other are used very rarely. The scheme AABBCC is simple and can be found everywhere, but the scheme ABCCBA, used by Robert Browning in the "Meeting at Night", was never popular:

There are many possibilities for rhyme scheme. Five-line stanzas can have any of ten schemes with two different rhymes: AAABB, AABAB, AABBA, ABBAA, ABABA, ABAAB, AABBB, ABABB, ABBAB, ABBBA. Another possibility is of course AAAAA.
Notice that two or three rhymes can be linked to each other by repeating the same vowel. The rhyme scheme of Giambattista Marino's poem "Adone" is ABABABCC (ottava rima), but in this strophe all rhymes are based on the vowel [i]. This feature shows up in Italian text but not in other languages:

A a poet, period of time, or type of poetry can have a preferred rhyme scheme. For example, the Scottish poet Robert Burns preferred the scheme AAABAB. Rhyme royal, ABABBCC, was common in medieval English poetry. Ottava rima was typical of epic poems. Many great epic poems were written in Italian, Spanish or Portuguese with ABABABCC scheme.

Carole Cook

Mildred Frances "Carole" Cook (January 14, 1924 – January 11, 2023) was an American actress. She acted in stage and screen. She played Grandma Helen in the movie "Sixteen Candles". She was also on "The Lucy Show".

Carole Cook was born in Abilene, Texas.

She was married to actor and writer Tom Troupe from 1964 until her death.

Cook died from heart failure in Beverly Hills, California, on January 11, 2023. She was 98, three days before her 99th birthday.

Sixteen Candles

Sixteen Candles is a 1984 comedy movie. It was written and directed by John Hughes. It is about a high school girl who is turning sixteen. Molly Ringwald plays Samantha Baker.
This movie was released on May 4, 1984.

 

Nina Foch

Nina Foch (April 20, 1924 – December 5, 2008) was a Dutch-American actress. She was the leading lady in many movies in the 1940s and 1950s. She played Marie Antoinette in "Scaramouche" (1952). She also played Erica Martin in the movie "Executive Suite".

Foch was born in Leiden, Netherlands to an American mother and Dutch father. She died of kidney disease in Los Angeles.

 

Mario Mandžukić

Mario Mandžukić (born 21 May 1986) is a Croatian football player that plays for AC Milan and the Croatian national team. He was the UEFA Euro 2012 co-top scorer, and he was named the Croatian Footballer of the Year in 2012 and 2013. 

He was born in Slavonski Brod, in Yugoslavia. His family moved to Germany as refugees because of the Croatian War of Independence.

He helped Croatia reach the 2018 FIFA World Cup final after scoring a late goal against England. In the final, Mandžukić scored an own goal at the 19th minute. This was the first time any player has scored an own goal in a World Cup final. Croatia would later lose to France 2–4.


Mats Hummels

Mats Julian Hummels (born in Bergisch Gladbach, West Germany on 16 December 1988)


Joan Blondell

Joan Rosebud Blondell (August 30, 1906 – December 25, 1979) was an American actress. She performed in movies and television for nearly fifty years. She played Rosie Sturges in "Kansas City Princess". She also played Gloria Fay in the movie "Miss Pacific Fleet". 

Blondell was born in New York City on August 30, 1906. Her sister Gloria Blondell was also an actress. She died on December 25, 1979 in Santa Monica, California from leukemia.

Ari Ne'eman

Ari Ne'eman (pronounced "neh"-uh-"MAHN"; born December 10, 1987) is an American autism rights activist. He was born in East Brunswick, New Jersey. After he graduated from high school he started the Autistic Self Advocacy Network. Ne'eman was nominated by President Obama to the National Council on Disability in 2009.

Executive Suite

Executive Suite is a 1954 MGM drama movie. The movie is about a struggle for control of a major furniture company due to the death of the company's CEO. Barbara Stanwyck plays Julia.

This movie was released on May 6, 1954.

Allie Grant

Allie Grant (b. February 14, 1994) is an American actress. In "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody", she played Agnes. She also played Lisa in "Suburgatory".

Grant was born in Tupelo, Mississippi.

John Stoltenberg

John Stoltenberg (born 1945) is an American radical feminist activist, scholar, and magazine editor. He married radical feminist activist Andrea Dworkin in 1998. He was Dworkin's husband until she died in 2005.

Diane Neal

Diane Neal (born November 17, 1976) is an American actress. In "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit", Neal played Casey Novak. She also played Abigail in "NCIS".

Neal was born in Alexandria, Virginia.

Ellen Muth

Ellen Muth (born March 6, 1981) is an American actress. She played young Selena St. George in the movie "Dolores Claiborne". She also played Katie Trumbull in "Margarine Wars".

Muth was born in Milford, Connecticut.

Saint-Gaudens, Haute-Garonne

Saint-Gaudens (Gascon: "Sent Gaudenç") is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France. It is the capital of the "arrondissement" of Saint-Gaudens and of the canton of Saint-Gaudens.

In antiquity, the present place of the city was near a Roman road between Toulouse and Dax, where there was a rural area called "Mansus"; "Mansus" was named later as "Mas Saint-Pierre" after the Christianization of the region.

In 475, a young Christian boy, Gaudens, was killed by the Visigoths and he was buried in this place. The town took its current name in the ninth century, because may people came here to worship the martyr; the relics of Gaudens were deposited in the church of Mas-Saint-Pierre.

As an important regional market place, Saint-Gaudens became the economic capital of the Comminges (a natural region and an old French region on the hills at the base of the Pyrenees).

The city of Saint-Gaudens is in the Comminges, at the foot of the Pyrenees. It is about to the southwest of Toulouse and at about from Tarbes (Hautes-Pyrénées).

It is found on the left side of the Garonne river.

The "commune" has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The climate of Saint-Gaudens, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Saint-Gaudens are known, in French, as "Saint-Gaudinois" (women: "Saint-Gaudinoises").

Saint-Gaudens has a population, in 2014, of 11,255, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Saint-Gaudens

Saint-Gaudens is a subprefecture of the Haute-Garonne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Saint-Gaudens and the administrative centre () of the canton of Saint-Gaudens.

It is part of the intercommunality "Cœur et Coteaux de Comminges" ().

Saint-Gaudens is twinned with:

Some important buildings are:



Enner Valencia

Enner Valencia (born April 11, 1989) is an Ecuadorian football striker. He plays for C.F. Pachuca and the Ecuador national football team.

Ibrahim Touré

Ibrahim Oyala Touré (27 September 1985 – 19 June 2014) was an Ivorian footballer. He played as a striker for Al-Safa' SC, Telephonat Beni Suef SC, Misr El-Makasa SC, Al-Ittihad SC Aleppo, O.G.C. Nice, Metalurh Donetsk and ASEC Mimosas.

Touré was born in Bouaké. He was the younger brother of defender Kolo Touré (born 1981) and midfielder Yaya Touré (born 1983).

Touré died of cancer on 19 June 2014 in Manchester, England. He was 28. At the time of his death, his older brothers, Kolo and Yaya, were playing for their country at the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil.


Double Live (Garth Brooks Album)

Double Live is the third compilation and live album by Garth Brooks. The album was released on November 17, 1998.

Margaret Price

Margaret Price (13 April 1941 – 28 January 2011) was a Welsh opera singer. She was famous for singing parts from Mozart operas. She sang in the opera "Aida". She also sang in other operas.

Price was born in Blackwood, Wales. She died from heart failure at age 69.

Pierre Patry

Pierre Patry (2 November 1933 – 7 June 2014) was a Canadian movie director, producer and screenwriter. He mainly worked during the 1950s and 1960s, but stayed active until the early 1980s. He produced the movie "Entre la mer et l'eau douce" (1967).

Patry was born in the Hull sector of Gatineau, Quebec. He spoke French. He was of French ancestry.

Patry died on 7 June 2014 in Quebec, aged 80.

Rhonda Smiley

Rhonda Smiley is a French writer and producer. She has written and/or produced television series and movies including "Little Bear", "Race", "Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation" and "Totally Spies!" She is a member at Marathon Media. She was at Cartoon Network U.S.

Alexander Shilov

Alexander Evgenievich Shilov (; 1 January 1930 – 6 June 2014) was a Russian chemist. He was known for his high toles at the Institute of Problems of Chemical Physics, Russian Academy of Sciences in Chernogolovka. In 1969, he discovered the Shilov system. He also wrote books about chemistry.

Shilov was born in Ivanovo, RSFSR, Soviet Union. He was the son of Soviet chemist Eugene Shilov. He studied in places such as Kiev, Ukraine (then Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic) and London, England.

Shilov died on 6 June 2014 in Moscow, aged 84.


Threesome

A threesome, in human sexuality, is sexual activity between three people. It can also be called troilism or a ménage à trois.

The Theory of Communicative Action

The Theory of Communicative Action () is a book by Jürgen Habermas.

It continues his project set out in "On the Logic of the Social Sciences" of finding a way to "ground the social sciences in a theory of language".

Human female sexuality

Human female sexuality includes female sexual identity, sexual behavior and sexual activity.

Human females may find having orgasms difficult and complicated. 

Some things related to human female sexuality are controversial. Overall, men are more commonly allosexual while women are more commonly demisexual.

Fat feminism

Fat feminism is a version of feminism mixed with fat activism. Fat-positive feminists promote the acceptance of women of all sizes. Fat feminism began in second-wave feminism. The field is growing within third-wave feminism.

According to one survey, 56 percent of overweight women are disrespected by their doctors. Forty-six percent say doctors are uncomfortable with the women's weight. This is probably because there is a well-known connection between excessive weight and length of life. 

Fat feminists oppose the concept of fixed body images imposed from society. These feminists condemn fat jokes on sitcoms. They also condemn the promotions of skinny figures in Hollywood, on television and on catwalks.

Fat feminists contest the belief one cannot be overweight and fit at the same time.

The movement began in the late 1960s. It has become more popular over the years.

Survivor Series (1987)

Survivor Series (1987) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 26, 1987 at the Richfield Coliseum in Richfield Township, Ohio. It was the first Survivor Series event that was held by the WWF.


Bill Withers

William Harrison "Bill" Withers, Jr. (July 4, 1938 – March 30, 2020) was an American singer-songwriter and musician. He performed and recorded from 1970 until 1985. He recorded major hits including "Lean on Me", "Ain't No Sunshine", "Use Me", "Just the Two of Us", "Lovely Day", and "Grandma's Hands". He won three Grammy Awards and was nominated for four more during his career.

He was born in Slab Fork, West Virginia. Withers died of heart disease in Los Angeles on March 30, 2020 at the age of 81.


Slab Fork, West Virginia

Slab Fork is an unincorporated community in Raleigh County, West Virginia, United States. It has a population of 202 as of 2010. Slab Fork's zip code is 25920.

Gliese 876

Gliese 876 is a red dwarf about 15 light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Aquarius. It is the closest star known to be a multiplanetary system. As of 2011, four extrasolar planets have been found orbiting the star.

It is the third closest known star to the Sun which has a planetary system, after Epsilon Eridani (10.5 ly) and Gliese 674 (14.8 ly). 

Two of the middle planets are in the system's habitable zone. However, they are giant planets thought to be like Jupiter.

Samantha Harris

Samantha Harris (born Samantha Harris Shapiro, November 27, 1973) is an American television hostess. She was the co-host of seasons two through nine of "Dancing with the Stars" with Tom Bergeron. From 2010–12, she was a correspondent at "Entertainment Tonight".

In April 2014, Harris announced that she was diagnosed with breast cancer and would undergo a double mastectomy.


Hopkins, Minnesota

Hopkins is a suburban city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States. It is located west of Minneapolis. The population was 19,079 at the 2020 census.

Presence (album)

Presence is the seventh studio album by English rock band, Led Zeppelin. "Presence" was released on 31 March 1976 through Swan Song Records. Even though the album received mixed reviews from critics and sold slower than the their other studio album, guitarist Jimmy Page called "Presence" the band's "most important" album and proved that they would continue despite their turmoil. The band wrote and recorded the album during troubling times in their history, as lead singer Robert Plant was still recovering from serious injuries that he had suffered in a car accident.

Ken Dodd

Sir Kenneth Arthur "Ken" Dodd, OBE (8 November 1927 – 11 March 2018) was an English comedian, singer-songwriter and actor. He was known by his trademark of frizzy hair and his teeth, his red, white and blue "tickling stick" and his upbeat greeting of "How tickled I am!", as well as his send-off "Lots and lots of happiness!".

Dodd married his partner of 40 years, Anne Jones, on 9 March 2018 at their home in Knotty Ash just two days before his death.

Dodd died on 11 March 2018 at his Knotty Ash home in Liverpool of complications from bronchitis at the age of 90.

Grass Valley, California

Grass Valley is a small city in Nevada County, California, United States. As of 2020, the population is 14,016.

Epsilon Eridani

Epsilon Eridani (ε Eri, ε Eridani) is a star in the southern constellation Eridanus, just south of the celestial equator. It can be seen from most of Earth's surface. 

It is 10.5 light years (ly) away, and has an apparent magnitude of 3.73. It is the third closest individual star or star system visible to the unaided eye.

Epsilon Eridani was the closest star known to host a planet until the unconfirmed discovery of Alpha Centauri Bb. Its age is less than a billion years. Because of its youth, Epsilon Eridani has a more active magnetic field than the present-day Sun. Its stellar wind is 30 times as strong. Its rotation period is 11.2 days at the equator. The star is smaller and less massive than the Sun, and has a lower level of metal elements. It is a main-sequence star of spectral class K2, which means that energy generated at the core through nuclear fusion of hydrogen is emitted from the surface at a temperature of about 5,000 K, giving it an orange hue.

Its planet, Epsilon Eridani b, was announced in 2000. The planet orbits in about 7 years. It is about 3.4 astronomical units (AU) away from its star. 

The system includes two belts of rocky asteroids: one at about 3 AU and a second at about 20 AU, whose structure may be maintained by a hypothetical second planet, Epsilon Eridani c. Epsilon Eridani has an extensive outer debris disk of remnant planetesimals left over from the system's formation.

Epsilon Eridani may be a member of the Ursa Major Moving Group of stars that share a similar motion through the Milky Way. This suggests they share a common origin in an open star cluster. Its nearest neighbor, the binary star system Luyten 726-8, will have a close encounter with Epsilon Eridani in about 31,500 years when they will be separated by about 0.93 ly. 

Epsilon Eridani has been the target of SETI searches. Epsilon Eridani appears in science fiction stories and has been suggested as a destination for interstellar travel.

Star system

A star system or stellar system is a small number of stars which orbit each other, bound by gravitational attraction. 

A large number of stars bound by gravitation is generally called a "star cluster" but, broadly speaking, they are also star systems. Star systems are not to be confused with planetary systems, which include planets and similar bodies.

A stellar system of two stars is known as a "binary star", "binary star system" or "physical double star". If there are no tidal effects, no disturbance from other forces, and no transfer of mass from one star to the other, such a system is stable. Both stars will orbit around the center of mass of the system indefinitely. Examples of binary systems are Sirius, Procyon and Cygnus X-1, the last of which probably consists of a star and a black hole.

It is possible to have star systems with more than two members. Their stars are gravitationally bound to each other, and may or may not be close to each other.

A recently discovered quintuple star system (five stars) is known as 1SWASP J093010.78+533859.5. The system has two sets of binary stars, one of them with a small third star. The two sets are a long way apart, further than the orbit of Pluto is to the Sun. The binary stars are close to each other and one binary has touching stars, with their outer ionised gases mixing. That situation is called a contact binary. From the data collected, the authors are fairly sure that both binaries (and probably all five stars) are gravitationally bound in a single system. The angles of inclination (the angle between the two orbital planes) of the two binaries (88.2(3) and 86(4) degrees). This suggests they originally formed by break-up (~9-10 billion years ago ago) from a single protostellar disk. Afterwards, they stayed in the same orbital plane.

Most multiple star systems are "triple stars". Systems with four or more components are less likely to occur.

Multiple star systems are smaller than open star clusters, which have more complex dynamics and typically have from 100 to 1,000 stars. Most multiple star systems known are triple. For example, in the 1999 revision of
Tokovinin's catalog of physical multiple stars,
551 out of the 728 systems described are triple.

Multiple-star systems can be divided into two main types: systems which are stable, or systems with chaotic behavior. Chaotic ones are usually of young stars in systems not yet disrupted by the chaos.

Kentaro Sato

Kentaro Sato (佐藤 賢太郎 Satō Kentarō, born 12 May 1981), aka Ken-P, is a composer and conductor of media music and concert music.

Sato was born in Hamamatsu, Shizuoka, Japan. He holds a Master of Music in Conducting and a Bachelor of Music in Media and Commercial Writing from California State University, Northridge (CSUN). In addition to his degree in music, he also holds a degree in cinema from Santa Monica College. He is famous for his works for chorus and orchestra, and video game music.


Open star cluster

An open star cluster, also known as galactic cluster, is a group of a few hundred or thousand stars. They have roughly the same age, and were formed from the same giant molecular cloud.

More than 1,100 open clusters have been discovered within the Milky Way Galaxy, and many more are thought to exist. They are loosely bound together by mutual gravitational attraction, but they get disrupted by close encounters with other clusters and clouds of gas. Open clusters generally survive for a few hundred million years, with the most massive ones surviving for a few billion years.

In contrast, the more massive globular clusters of stars exert a stronger gravitational attraction on their members. So, they can survive for longer. Open clusters have been found only in spiral and irregular galaxies, in which active star formation is occurring.

Young open clusters may still be in the molecular cloud from which they formed. They light it up and create an H II region. Over time, radiation pressure from the cluster will disperse the molecular cloud. Typically, about 10% of the mass of a gas cloud will form stars before radiation pressure drives the rest of the gas away.

Open clusters are key objects in the study of stellar evolution. The cluster members are of similar age and chemical composition, so their properties (such as distance, age and chemical composition) are more easily studied than for isolated stars. A number of open clusters, such as the Pleiades, Hyades or the Alpha Persei Cluster are visible with the naked eye.

Survivor Series (1988)

Survivor Series (1988) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 24, 1988 at the Richfield Coliseum in Richfield Township, Ohio. It was the second Survivor Series event that was held by the WWF.


Survivor Series (1989)

Survivor Series (1989) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by World Wrestling Federation (WWF). It was held on November 23, 1989 at the Rosemont Horizon in Rosemont, Illinois. It was the third Survivor Series event that was held by the WWF.


Stockholm Marathon

The Stockholm Marathon is an annual marathon event in Stockholm, Sweden. Held since 
1979, it also serves as the Swedish national marathon championship.

The 2020 edition was cancelled because of the coronavirus pandemic. The 2021 comeptition was also postponed and held held on Saturday 9 October.

Key:


Saltsjöbaden

Saltsjöbaden is a locality in Nacka Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden. In 2010, 9,491 people lived there. It is located on the Baltic Sea coast.

Speak Now

Speak Now is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released on October 25, 2010 by Big Machine Records. The album was written by Swift herself (other writers helped write her previous albums).

"Speak Now" is in a country-pop style similar to Swift's other work. A deluxe edition was sold in Target stores. That version has three new songs (including the single "Ours") and two acoustic versions of songs on the original. Throughout 2011, Swift promoted the album on the Speak Now World Tour.

Saltsjöbaden Agreement

The Saltsjöbaden Agreement () is a Swedish labor market treaty signed between the Swedish Trade Union Confederation (sv. "Landsorganisationen, LO") and the Swedish Employers Association (sv. "Svenska Arbetsgivareföreningen, SAF") on December 20, 1938. It became a model for other agreements. The rules on industrial action has become regarded almost as general legal principles of conflicts between the labor market forces.

Lidingöloppet

Lidingöloppet is an annual cross-country running competition held in Lidingö in Sweden. It was held for first time in 1965.


Göteborgsvarvet

Göteborgsvarvet is an annual half marathon running event in Gothenburg, Sweden. First held in 1980, it is often referred to as the Göteborg Half Marathon in English). 

The 2020 and 2021 editions were both cancelled because of the Coronavirus pandemic.

Key:


Antares

Antares (α Scorpii, Alpha Scorpii) is a red supergiant star in the Milky Way galaxy and the sixteenth brightest star in the nighttime sky. It is listed as 15th or 16th brightest, depending on how the two brighter components of the Capella quadruple star system are counted.

Antares is the brightest and most massive star in the Scorpius-Centaurus Association. The Scorpius-Centaurus Association contains thousands of stars with a mean age of 11 million years.

Antares has a secondary, or companion star, Antares B. The orbit of the companion star and its properties are not properly known, with an estimated period of 1,200 to 2,562 years.

Antares has a radius of about 600 to 800 times that of the Sun. This gives Antares a diameter between 835 million to 1.114 billion kilometers in size. If Antares was placed in the center of our solar system, its outer surface would lie between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter, in the asteroid belt. Antares is about 550 light-years (or 170 parsecs) from the Earth. Its visual luminosity is about 10,000 times that of the Sun. Because the star radiates much of its energy in the infrared part of the spectrum, the bolometric luminosity is about 65,000 times that of the Sun. The mass of the star is in the range of 15 to 18 solar masses.

Antares is one of the first red supergiants to be directly imaged.


Vätternrundan

Vätternrundan is a bicycle race held in Sweden over two weekend days in mid-June every year. It was first held in 1966. The race circles the lake of Vättern. It starts and finishes in the town of Motala.

The 2020 edition was cancelled because of the Coronavirus pandemic. The 2021 edition was moved from mid June until early September because of the same pandemic.


Superga

The Superga is a hill on the south bank of the Po River. It is east of Torino in the northwestern parts of Italy. It is 672 metres above sea level.

Vansbrosimningen

Vansbrosimningen or Vansbrosimmet is an annual open water swimming competition held in Vansbro, Sweden. It was held for first time in 1950, and is part of 'En svensk klassiker", which also includes crosscountry skiing (Vasaloppet), biking (Vätternrundan) and running (Lidingöloppet).

Tjejmilen

Tjejmilen is a girls-women only, cross-country running event in Stockholm, Sweden. The competition is hosted by Hässelby SK and Spårvägen FK. It is ran across a 10 kilometers long course on Djurgården.

The competition is annual. The first event was held on 19 August 1984. If often gathers thousnds of participants.




Tjejvasan

Tjejvasan is an annual girls-women only cross-country skiing event in Sweden. It runs from Oxberg to Mora. The first event was first held in 1988.

Winners throughout the years.




Maternal health

Maternal health is the health of a woman during pregnancy, childbirth and her postpartum periods. It includes family planning, preconception, prenatal and postnatal caring. 

The risk of maternal death is higher in some areas, such as Sub-Saharan Africa, than in others. Poverty is a problem in some countries, in particular, the developing countries. In addition to sub-Saharan Africa, Black women in the US and the UK have higher maternal death rates. High rates of poverty, untreated illnesses, and a lack of access to health care, according to maternal health specialists, are to blame for higher maternal mortality rates. Other societal causes of maternal deaths include the absence of professionals, inadequate resources, early marriages, poverty in remote rural areas, and a lack of facilities and access. Pregnancy problems during and after delivery are caused by the high prevalence of cardiovascular disorders in pregnant black women. These ladies may experience potentially fatal complications depending on the severity of the condition (Howell,2018)

Prenatal care is very vital when it comes to maternal health . According to the CDC Prenatal care can support both the mother and the unborn child's health. Infants born to mothers who receive prenatal care are five times less likely to die and three times more likely to have low birth weights than babies delivered to mothers who do not. There are a lot of reasons why females choose to not engage in proper prenatal care. Around 71% of low income women, according to a US study, had difficulty having access to prenatal care. Income is highly associated with prenatal health care. 

Despite major advancements in prenatal care, the maternal mortality rate in the USA has is very high.   Rates have risen in the twenty-first century, and efforts to halt this have made little to no headway. In the US, there are different variations in maternal death rates .   


Women's studies

Women's studies (also called feminist studies) are an academic field that explores politics, society, media and history according to women's views. 

The first accredited Women's Studies course was in 1969 at Cornell University. Women's studies are available at many colleges and universities.

Marcus Garvey

Marcus Mosiah Garvey Sr., ONH (17 August 1887 – 10 June 1940), was a Jamaican political activist leader. He started the Universal Negro Improvement Association and African Communities League. He inspired Rastafarians and the Nation of Islam. Garvey was a black nationalist and Pan-Africanist. His ideas came to be known as Garveyism.

Garvey was born in Jamaica. He left Jamaica in 1910. He lived in Costa Rica for a few months. In 1912 he moved back to Jamaica. The Marcus Garvey Award is given each year to a Jamaican by JAM. He was an important activist during the Back-to-Africa movement.

Garvey was controversial because he supported the separation of black and white people and even supported the Ku Klux Klan. He thanked white people for Jim Crow laws as well.

Garvey had a stroke in January 1940 and this caused many to believe he had died. In fact, many early obituaries of Garvey were released, some of which Garvey read himself. He died in London on June 10, 1940 shortly after reading another early obituary of him, aged 52.

Property damage

Property damage is destruction to private or public property caused either by person(s) or natural phenomena, such as severe weather or tropical cyclones. One form of property damage is called vandalism. The term "vandalism", however, is often used to mean superficial or mild damage to property.

Alison, New South Wales

Alison is a partly rural suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia. It on the north bank of the Wyong River. It is named for the Alison Homestead in Cape Road.

Wyong River

The Wyong River is a perennial river in the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia. The river starts near the Watagan Mountains west of Martinsville. It flows generally south and southeast. It ends at Tuggerah Lake, near Tacoma. The Pacific Motorway crosses the river west of Wyong. During periods of heavy rainfall, the Wyong is prone to flooding.

Oberdan Cattani

Oberdan Cattani (June 12, 1919 – June 20, 2014) was a Brazilian football player at the position of Goalkeeper. He played for Palmeiras from 1940 to 1954. Of tall stature, big hands and elasticity, his defenses made him one of the most famous Brazilian goalkeepers of the 40s, a period in which the Second World War prevented the holding of the World Cups. Oberdan was described by opponents as an agile goalkeeper with great physical strength. A hallmark of Oberdan was that he could hold the ball with just one hand. Considered as one of the finest goalkeepers of his generation.

Oberdan Cattani was the son of Italian immigrants from the Tuscany region. He was a truck driver when he took his first test, on a day off from work. Introduced before by his brother, he was hired in 1940, remaining at the club until 1954, having played 351 matches with Palmeiras.

His name is among the biggest idols of Palmeiras. In his curriculum for the club, there are four titles of Campeonato Paulista (1942, 1944, 1947 and 1950), the Tournament Rio-São Paulo of 1951 and the Copa Rio Internacional of 1951. The tournament, which was created with the aim of being a Club World Cup. In the conquest, Oberdan was in the reserve of the goalkeeper Fábio Crippa.

On April 24, 1955, Oberdan was honored in São Carlos by the "Association of Sports Chroniclers of São Carlos", with a cup.

He made his debut for the Brazilian team in 1944 with whom he won the Roca Cup in 1945, and he finished as runners-up during 1945 Copa América.

Cattani was born in Sorocaba, São Paulo. He died in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, aged 95 in 2014.




Fiona Hale

Fiona Hale (born February 7, 1926) is an American actress. Her career began in 1949 in the movie "Harriet Craig". She is known for her roles in "Minority Report" (2002), in "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" (2008), and in "Seven Pounds" (2008).

Hale was born in New York.


Yozo Ishikawa

He died on June 21, 2014 from acute respiratory failure after being hospitalized with pneumonia, aged 88.

Petaluma, California

Petaluma is a city in Sonoma County, California, United States. As of 2020, the population was 59,776. The city was founded in by the Spanish people in 1776. It was made a city in April 1858.

Patsy Byrne

Patricia "Patsy" Byrne (13 July 1933 – 17 June 2014) was an English actress. She was best known on television for her role as Nursie in the BBC sitcoms "Blackadder" and "Blackadder II". Her best known movie roles were in "Les Misérables" (1998) and "Blackadder Back & Forth" (1999).

Byrne was born in Ashford, Kent. She was married to Patrick John Seccombe from 1967 until his death in 2000.

Byrne died on 17 June 2014 at Denville Hall, a retirement home for performers in Northwood, London. She was 80.

David Bradley (actor)

David John Bradley (born 17 April 1942) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Argus Filch in the "Harry Potter" movie series and Walder Frey in the HBO series "Game of Thrones".


Six Flags

Six Flags Entertainment Corporation is a company that operates 19 amusement parks in Mexico, the United States and Canada. The parks include theme parks, thrill parks, water parks and family entertainment centers. In 2011, 24.3 million people visited the parks.
The name Six Flags, comes from the flags of the six different nations that have governed Texas: Spain, France, Mexico, the Republic of Texas, the United States of America, and the Confederate States of America. The original Six Flags park was (and still is) split into separate regions, such as the "Spain and Mexico" section which has Spanish-themed rides, attractions, and buildings.

In a move to focus on its core entertainment assets, Time Warner--along with investment partner Boston Ventures--has agreed to a $1.9-billion deal to sell its stake in the Six Flags theme park chain to Oklahoma City-based Premier Parks Inc.

The purchase would make Premier the world’s largest regional theme park company, with more than two dozen parks across the United States. Time Warner retains joint ownership, with various regional partners, of the international Warner Bros. Movie World theme parks. Those are located in Australia and Germany, with a third under construction in England.

Premier currently operates three Northern California parks, including Water World USA parks in Sacramento and Concord. Six Flags’ only California location is Magic Mountain in Valencia. In December, Premier announced a deal to acquire six European parks.

Premier would acquire 100% of Six Flags for $965 million, including $765 million in cash and $200 million in convertible preferred Premier stock. Under a long-term licensing arrangement, Premier also gains exclusive domestic in the theme park rights to Warner Bros. cartoon characters from “Looney Tunes” (including Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck), Scooby-Doo, Tom and Jerry, Cartoon Network and DC Comics (Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman, among others).

“Today’s transaction advances our stated commitment to strengthen our balance sheet through the sale of non-core assets,” Time Warner Chairman Gerald Levin said in a statement. He stressed that the licensing agreement means that Warner Bros.’ characters would reach approximately 40 million people annually at Premier’s parks.

Time Warner bought the Six Flags parks in 1992. In 1995, the company sold 51% to Boston Ventures. The Premier transaction is expected to close in the second quarter.


David Bradley

David Bradley may refer to:



Eddie Marsan

Edward Maurice Charles "Eddie" Marsan (born 9 June 1968) is an English actor. He is best known for his roles in the movies "Gangster No. 1" (2000), "" (2006), "Sixty Six" (2006), "V for Vendetta" (2006), "Hancock" (2008), "Happy-Go-Lucky" (2008), "Sherlock Holmes" (2009), "War Horse" (2011), "" (2011), "The Best of Men" (2012), and "The World's End" (2013).


Ron Glass

Ronald E. "Ron" Glass (July 10, 1945 – November 25, 2016) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles as Det. Ron Harris in the television sitcom "Barney Miller" (1975–82) and as Shepherd Derrial Book in the short-lived 2002 science fiction series "Firefly" and its sequel movie "Serenity". Glass was born in Evansville, Indiana, the son of Lethia and Crump Glass.

Glass died of respiratory failure in Los Angeles, California on November 25, 2016 at the age of 71.

Minguo calendar

The Republic of China calendar () is a method of numbering years. It is used by Taiwan as well as other territories which are under control of the Republic of China. The Minguo calendar was also used by Mainland China from 1912 until the People's Republic of China was founded in 1949. There have been legislative proposals by pro-Taiwan Independence parties, like the Democratic Progressive Party to get rid of the Republican calendar and replace it with the Gregorian calendar.

François Cluzet

François Cluzet (born 21 September 1955) is a French actor.

Cluzet grew up in Paris, he made his debut in 1976.

Cluzet's biggest hit is "Intouchable", the movie is known as "The Intouchables" in English regions.

Cluzet has a son named Paul, whose mother was actress Marie Trintignant. Cluzet has 3 other children: Blanche, Joseph and Marguerite.

Henri Coandă

Henri Marie Coandă (7 June 1886 – 25 November 1972) was an inventor, aerodynamics pioneer and builder of an experimental aircraft from Romania. The Coandă-1910, made by Coanda is sometimes considered to be first jet. This information has also created controversies. He invented a number of devices, he also designed "flying saucer" and discovered the Coandă effect of fluid dynamics. During World War 2, he lived in occupied France.

In 1969, he got back to Romania, he served as director of the Institute for Scientific and Technical Creation (INCREST), in 1971 he recorganized with professor Elie Carafoli, "the Department of Aeronautical Engineering of the Polytechnic University of Bucharest".

Coandă died in Bucharest on 25 November 1972. He was 86 years old, he is buried at Bellu cemetery.

Bengali calendar

The Bengali Calendar ( "Banggabda" or "Bāṃlā San") also known as the Bangla Calendar, is the official and national calendar of Bangladesh. On the calendar, Pahelā Baishākh is the New Year and it starts on 14 April or 15 April on the Western calendar if it is either before Pahelā Baishākh, or 593 less if after Pahelā Baishākh.

The Bengali calendar has 6 seasons and each of them make up two months. Starting at Pahelā Baishākh, the seasons are Grišma (গ্রীষ্ম) or Summer; Barṣā (বর্ষা) or Rainy/Monsoon season; Šarat (শরৎ) or Autumn; Hemanta (হেমন্ত) or the Dry season; Šīt (শীত) or Winter; and Basanta (বসন্ত) or Spring.

Dark nebula

Dark nebulae are astronomical objects. They do not emit or reflect light. They are seen when they hide stars and galaxies behind them. 

The astronomer Edward Emerson Barnard compiled a list of dark nebulae known as the "Barnard Catalogue of Dark Markings in the Sky", or the Barnard Catalogue for short. The nebulae listed by Barnard have become known as Barnard objects.

These are the best-known dark nebulae:

Coalsack nebula

The Coalsack dark nebula (or simply the Coalsack) is the most prominent dark nebula in the skies. It can easily be seen with the naked eye as a dark patch silhouetted against the southern Milky Way. 

It was known pre-historically in the Southern Hemisphere and was observed by Vicente Yáñez Pinzón in 1499. The Coalsack is about 600 light years away from Earth, in the constellation Crux.

Matriarchy

Matriarchy is a social organization where the mother or oldest female heads a family or social group. Descent and relationships are decided through the female line.

Girl power

Girl power is a term used to say that girls are important. It became popular because of the Spice Girls' use of the term. It was also used by the band, Bikini Kill. The phrase is sometimes spelled ""grrrl power"". This is because of the Riot grrrl punk rock bands.

"Girl power" was also used by other bands in the early 1990s. One was a Welsh indie rock band Helen Love. Another was a south-east London punk rock band, Shampoo. They released an album and a single titled "Girl Power" in 1995.

Sex-positive feminism

Sex-positive feminism (or pro-sex feminism) is a movement. It began in the early 1980s. Many people in the movement think sexual freedom is an important part of women's freedom. Sex-positive feminism is often difficult to define.

Many authors, including Gayle Rubin, see the roots of sex-positive feminism in the work of sex workers and sex reformers.

Raasiku Parish

Raasiku is a rural municipality of the Estonian county of Harjumaa.

Aruküla, Raasiku

Härma, Igavere, Järsi, Kalesi, Kiviloo, Kulli, Kurgla, Mallavere, Peningi, Perila, Pikavere, Rätla, Tõhelgi.

Aruküla

Aruküla is a small borough in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Raasiku

Raasiku is a small borough in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Härma, Harju County

Härma is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Igavere, Harju County

Igavere is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Järsi

Järsi is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Kalesi

Kalesi is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Kiviloo

Kiviloo is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Kulli, Harju County

Kulli is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Kurgla

Kurgla is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Mallavere

Mallavere is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Peningi

Peningi is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Perila

Perila is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Pikavere, Harju County

Pikavere is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Rätla

Rätla is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Tõhelgi

Tõhelgi is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in north Estonia.

Chain pickerel

The chain pickerel ("Esox niger") is a species of fish that has a number of nicknames such as the grass pickerel, jack, pickerel, common pickerel, and eastern pickerel. It is a freshwater game fish and the smallest member of the Esocidae family. They are native to Atlantic and Gulf Coast tributaries. 

Chain pickerel have been introduced into the Lakes Ontario and Erie drainages as well as other places. 

They are found in shallow pools of lakes, streams, and tidal and non-tidal rivers. They are ambush feeders that will strike at anything that swims near them. They feed mainly during daylight hours.

Chain pickerel has the same torpedo-like shape of the Muskellunge and Northern pike. They have different markings than either of their family members. They have a chain-like pattern of dark markings on a yellowish to greenish body. This pattern is what they were named for. Like other pike they have a forked tail fin and a long pointed head. Chain pickerel have a dark bar underneath each eye. The eye color is yellow or yellowish. They can live up to 10 years.

In waters not shared with Northern pike or Muskies, Chain pickerel can be abundant. They prefer shallow weedy pools and submerged trees, limbs or man-made structures. These can be dock pilings, or riprap. Pickerel ambush their prey. They eat other fish, frogs, crayfish and small mammals. Young pickerel eat aquatic insects and small Crustacea. During the winter months the adult fish move to deeper water.

Spawning begins when water temperatures approach 50°F. Unlike others in the pike family, Chain pickerel eggs are sticky and ribbons of eggs stick to underwater weeds. Females lay up to 50,000 eggs. Unlike other fish, Chain pickerel do not remain to guard their young fry.

Chain pickerel are not as popular as other game fish. A good number are caught by accident while fishing for other fish. But they are popular with ice fishermen in the winter. Chain pickerel are a very good fighting fish. Anyone hooking one is in for an exciting fight. They will attack a live minnow or any lure that resembles one. In Canada, Walleyes are called 'pickerel' which sometimes confuses identification. But a walleye and a pike are very different in appearance.

The world record for a chain pickerel is 9 pounds 6 ounces. It was caught in Georgia in 1961. Chain pickerel rarely grow longer than 36 inches.

Lego Star Wars: The Yoda Chronicles

Lego Star Wars: The Yoda Chronicles is an animated television series produced by Lucasfilm Ltd. and Wil Film ApS for the Lego Group. The series had two seasons as the first season aired in Cartoon Network and the second season aired in Disney XD. The second season was called Lego Star Wars: The New Yoda Chronicles so Cartoon Network could not claim it as their property.

Lego Star Wars returns in epic style with The Yoda Chronicles, a thrilling, funny and action-packed new Lego Star Wars story told in three animated TV specials! Set in the “Prequel” Star Wars timeline, The Yoda Chronicles stars the one and only Yoda—the Jedi Master who has seen it all, done it all, and taught generations of Jedi Knights—in an all-new adventure. With the help of a fresh class of Padawans, Yoda leads the Jedi in a desperate fight to stop Darth Sidious and his minions from creating a new super-weapon that could crush the Republic and win the war for the forces of Evil.

Lucasfilm Ltd. allowed the Lego group free rein with developing the storyline. The team worked to make sure everything looked consistent if it would have been made with Lego bricks, as well as adding humor to the story. The story of season one was set during the Clone Wars and season two was set during the Galactic Empire of from "" to "".

The episodes respectively aired on May 29, 2013, September 4, 2013 and November 27, 2013 on Cartoon Network in the U.S. The first of the 3-part animated series aired on Cartoon Network in India on December 1, 2013 at 4:30 pm and the rest aired on December 8, 2013 and December 15, 2013 at the same time. 

On May 3, 2014, Disney released the latest episode on Disney Channel and Disney XD. Since Cartoon Network owned the broadcast rights to "Lego Star Wars: The Yoda Chronicles", the name of the series was altered so it could not claim it as their property. The altered title for season two drops "Lego" and adds "New" to the title - "Star Wars: The New Yoda Chronicles". "Escape from the Jedi Temple" has the Younglings' last appearance.


The first three episodes aired on May 29, 2013 on Cartoon Network. The second season had aired a year later on May 4, 2014, but as Disney purchased Lucasfilm, the second season came on Disney XD.

Lucasfilm Ltd. released the two first movies "The Phantom Clone" and "Menace of the Sith" on DVD with bonus of several mini movies.

The Mini Movies were released on Lego.com.


 

Jimmy C. Newman

Jimmy Yves Newman (August 29, 1927 – June 21, 2014), better known as Jimmy C. Newman (the C stands for Cajun), was an American singer and a long time star of the Grand Ole Opry. He was known for his songs "Cry Cry Darling" and "A Fallen Star".

Newman died of cancer in Nashville on June 21, 2014, aged 86.

Walter Kieber

Walter Kieber (20 February 1931 – 21 June 2014) was a Liechtenstein politician. He was born in Feldkirch, Austria.

Kieber was the Prime Minister of Liechtenstein from 1974 to 1978. He was a member of the Progressive Citizens' Party.

He died on 21 June 2014 from prostate cancer in Vaduz, Liechtenstein, aged 83.

Markus Büchel

Markus Büchel (14 May 1959 – 9 July 2013) was a Liechtenstein politician.

He was in office from May to December 1993. He won the elections in 1993 as a candidate for the conservative FBP (Fortschrittliche Bürgerpartei) (Progressive Citizens' Party).

In 2002, he became Honorary Consul of Russia in Liechtenstein.

He died in 2013, aged 54 from a heart attack. He was survived by his wife, Elena and son David.

Adrian Hasler

Adrian Hasler (born February 11, 1964) is a Liechtenstein politician. He was elected Prime Minister of Liechtenstein in 2013. He became the Prime Minister of Liechtenstein on March 27, 2013. He left office in March 2021.


Slugterra: Ghoul From Beyond

Slugterra: Ghoul From Beyond is a 2014 Canadian animated television movie, by the Canadian animation studio Nerd Corps Entertainment Inc. and Disney XD Canada. The movie is based on "Slugterra". It was released on March 30, 2014 on Disney XD in Canada, In June 10 2014 the movie made available only in United States on DVD by Shout! Factory as it was permiered in August 2014 in United States on Television on Disney XD.

There is a new threat in the 99 caverns of Slugterra. Eli and his friends come to the rescue. But they find something they have never seen before; a new kind of ghoul.


The movie had originally first premiered on Disney XD in Canada and then internationally Disney XD Worldwide.

On June 10, 2014, the movie became purchasable on DVD on Amazon the DVD comes including a short one minute episode called "Burpy and Friends take a Dive".

The movie received an okay review that it is okay for the family.

List of heads of government of Liechtenstein

The office of Prime Minister of Liechtenstein is the highest and head of the government of Liechtenstein. They are elected every four years. The first Prime Minister of Liechtenstein was Josef Ospelt. The current Prime Minister is Daniel Risch.

The () was the title of the head of government from 1861 to 1921.

The () is the current title for the head of government.

Samina (river)

The Samina also: "Saminabach" is a rapid river located in Liechtenstein and formed the Samina Valley in the course of time. It has a length of 17 km (Liechtenstein: 12 km, Austria: 5 km) and is the 2nd longest river of the principality. In the community area of Frastranz the river merges with the Ill. 

Eschen

Eschen is a municipality in the north of Liechtenstein. As of 2005 it has a population of 4,150, and covers an area of . It is the fourth largest city in Liechtenstein.


Gamprin

Gamprin is a city in Liechtenstein. It has a population of 1,524 people as of 2008.

Balzers

Balzers is a village and community in southern Liechtenstein. As of the 2005 census, it has a total population of 4,420. The main part of the village is along the east bank of the Rhine River.

Mauren

Mauren is a city of Liechtenstein. It has a population of 3,700 as of 2008.

It was first called "Muron" in 1178. It has a memorial to the Liechtenstein educator and historian Peter Kaiser (1793 – 1864).


Planken

Planken is a village in Liechtenstein. It has a population of 366 residents. It is the smallest and least populated village or area in the country.


Ruggell

Ruggell is a village in Liechtenstein. As of 2008, the population was 1,932 residents. The geography of the village is mostly mountainous. It is near the international borders of Switzerland and Austria.

Schaan

Schaan () is the largest city of Liechtenstein by population and area. It is located to the north of Vaduz, the capital, in the central part of the country. As of 2005 it has a population of 5,806. This makes it the largest district in Liechtenstein, and covers an area of 26.8 km², including mountains and forest.

Schellenberg

Schellenberg is a city in the lowland area of Liechtenstein. It is on the banks of the Rhine River. As of 2005, it has a population of 952. It covers an area of 3.5 km2 (1.4 sq mi).

Triesen

Triesen is the third largest of Liechtenstein's cities. It has several historic churches dating from the fifteenth century. It also has a weaving mill from 1863 that is thought to be a historical monument. The population is around 4,950.

Triesenberg

Triesenberg is a city in Liechtenstein. It has a population of 2,564. Its area of 30 square kilometers makes it the one of the largest cities in Liechtenstein.

Franz Joseph II, Prince of Liechtenstein

Franz Joseph II, Prince of Liechtenstein ("Franz Josef Maria Aloys Alfred Karl Johannes Heinrich Michael Georg Ignaz Benediktus Gerhardus Majella"; 16 August 1906 – 13 November 1989) was the Prince of Liechtenstein from 1938 until his death.

Franz Joseph was the son of Prince Aloys of Liechtenstein and Archduchess Elisabeth Amalie of Austria. He succeeded his great-uncle, Prince Franz I, after his father renounced his right of succession in his favour in 1921.

Franz Joseph was the first ruling prince to live full-time in the principality. He also oversaw the economic development of Liechtenstein from a poor agricultural backwater into one of the richest countries (per capita) in the world.

Franz I, Prince of Liechtenstein

Franz I, Prince of Liechtenstein, born "Franz de Paula Maria Karl August" (28 August 1853 – 25 July 1938), was the Prince of Liechtenstein between 1929 and 1938. 

He was the son of Aloys II of Liechtenstein and his wife Countess Franziska Kinsky. Franz succeeded his older brother Johann II, as Prince of Liechtenstein on August 11, 1929. 

Franz I died on 25 July 1938, and was formally succeeded by his grandnephew, Franz Joseph II.

Liechtenstein national ice hockey team

The Liechtenstein national ice hockey team is the national ice hockey team of Liechtenstein. It is a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation.

Hans-Adam II, Prince of Liechtenstein

Hans-Adam II (Johannes (Hans) Adam Ferdinand Alois Josef Maria Marko d'Aviano Pius Fürst von und zu Liechtenstein; born 14 February 1945), is the reigning Prince ("Fürst") of Liechtenstein. He has been prince since 1989 and served as regent from 1984 to 1989. 

Hans-Adam was born on 14 February 1945 in Zürich, Switzerland. He is the son of Franz Joseph II, Prince ("Fürst") of Liechtenstein and his wife Countess Georgina von Wilczek. His godfather was Pope Pius XII. 

In 1967, Hans-Adam married Countess Marie. The following year, the couple had their first child, Alois of Liechtenstein. They have three other children as well.

In 1984, Prince Franz Joseph II, while legally remaining head of state, formally handed his powers and duties to Hans-Adam. Hans-Adam formally succeeded as Sovereign Prince of Liechtenstein upon the death of his father on 13 November 1989.

Similarly to what his father did, as of 2004, Hans-Adam decided to hand most of his powers and duties to his son.

As of 2003, the princely family had a family fortune of US$7.6 billion and a personal fortune of about US$4 billion. Hans-Adam's net worth is estimated to be around US$6.20 billion, making him one of the richest heads of state in the world.


The official title of the Prince is "Fürst von und zu Liechtenstein, Herzog von Troppau und Jägerndorf, Graf zu Rietberg, Regierer des Hauses von und zu Liechtenstein." ("Prince of and at Liechtenstein, Duke of Troppau and Jägerndorf, Count at Rietberg, Sovereign of the House of and at Liechtenstein"). There is a distinction between the German titles of a reigning "Fürst" and non-reigning descendants of a "Fürst" who are titled "Prinz".





Alois, Hereditary Prince of Liechtenstein

Alois Philipp Maria, Hereditary Prince of Liechtenstein and Regent of Liechtenstein, Count Rietberg (born 11 June 1968), is the first in line to the throne of Liechtenstein.

He is the eldest son of Hans Adam II, Prince of Liechtenstein, and Countess Marie Aglaë Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau.

Alois has been regent of Liechtenstein ("") since 15 August 2004. As such, he has undertaken many royal duties on behalf of his father.

He is married to Duchess Sophie of Bavaria.


Peter Kaiser

Peter Kaiser (1 October 1793 – 23 February 1864) was a Liechtenstein historian and politician. He was known for being a great educator and for helping educate the poor of Liechtenstein. He statue of him is in Mauren. He was born in Mauren.

Kaiser died in Chur, Switzerland, aged 70.

Flag of Liechtenstein

The flag of Liechtenstein () shows two equal horizontal bands of blue (top) and red with a gold crown on the left side of the blue band. The colors are likely to have been added to represent the Principality's royal household in the eighteenth century.

Mamou, Louisiana

Mamou is a town in Evangeline Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 2,936 at the 2020 census.

Stanford, California

Stanford is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Clara County, California, United States and is the home of Stanford University. The population was 21,150 at the 2020 census, with a daily population of 35,000.

Portsmouth, New Hampshire

Portsmouth is a city in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, in the United States. It is the only city in the county, but only the fourth-largest community. It has a population of 21,956 at the 2020 census.

Alan Moller

Alan Roger Moller (February 1, 1950 – June 19, 2014) was an American meteorologist, storm chaser, nature and landscape photographer. He was known for advancing spotter training and bridging operational meteorology (particularly severe storms forecasting) with research.

Moller died in Fort Worth, Texas from Alzheimer's disease, aged 64.

Elsie Quarterman

Elsie Quarterman (November 28, 1910 – June 9, 2014) was an American plant ecologist. She was a Professor Emerita at Vanderbilt University. She is known for her work on the ecology of Tennessee cedar glades.

Quarterman was born on November 28, 1910 in Valdosta, Georgia. She earned a B.A. from Georgia State Women's College (now Valdosta State University) in 1932 and earned an M.A. in botany from Duke University in 1943.

She died on June 9, 2014, at the age of 103.


Valdosta, Georgia

Valdosta is the county seat of Lowndes County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 Census, Valdosta has a total population of 55,378, and is the 17th largest city in Georgia.

Joan Plowright

Dame Joan Ann Plowright, Baroness Olivier (born 28 October 1929), is an English actress. Her career has spanned over sixty years. She has won two Golden Globe Awards and a Tony Award and has been nominated for an Academy Award, an Emmy and two BAFTA Awards. She was married to the actor Laurence Olivier from 1961 until his death in 1989.

Curious George (movie)

Curious George is a 2006 American animated adventure movie based on the book "Curious George". It is directed by Matthew O'Callaghan. It stars Will Ferrell, Drew Barrymore, Dick Van Dyke, David Cross, Eugene Levy, Joan Plowright, Michael Sorich, Michael Chinyamurindi, Clint Howard, Ed O'Ross, and Frank Welker. It was released on February 10, 2006.


Curious George

Curious George is the main character of a series of popular children's books by the same name. It was written by Hans Augusto Rey and Margret Rey. The books feature a curious brown monkey named George, who is brought from his home in Africa by "The Man with The Yellow Hat" to live with him in a big city.

H. A. Rey

Hans Augusto Rey (September 16, 1898 – August 26, 1977) was an American illustrator and a writer. He was best known for the "Curious George" series of children's picture books that he and his wife Margret Rey created from 1939 to 1966.

Margret Rey

Margret Elizabeth Rey (May 16, 1906 – December 21, 1996) was a German-American writer and illustrator of Jewish descent. 

She was known best for the "Curious George" series of children's picture books that she and her husband H. A. Rey created from 1939 to 1966. She met her husband Hans Augusto Rey in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil while attempting to escape Nazism.

Curious George (book)

Curious George is a children's book written and illustrated by Margret Rey and H. A. Rey, and published by Houghton Mifflin in 1941. It is the first book in the Curious George series and tells the story of a monkey called George and his adventures with the Man with the Yellow Hat.

