Passenger pigeon

The passenger pigeon ("Ectopistes migratorius") or wild pigeon was a species of pigeon that was once the most common bird in North America.

The passenger pigeon, or, wild pigeon was a species of bird, "Ectopistes migratorius", that was once common in North America. It lived in enormous migratory flocks — sometimes containing more than two billion birds — that could stretch one mile (1.6 km) wide and 300 miles (500 km) long across the sky, sometimes taking several hours to pass.

Some estimate that there were three billion to five billion passenger pigeons in the United States when Europeans arrived in North America. Others argue that the species had not been common in the Pre-Columbian period, but their numbers grew when devastation of the American Indian population by European diseases led to reduced competition for food.

The species went from being one of the most usual birds in the world during the 19th century to extinction early in the 20th century. At the time, passenger pigeons had one of the largest groups or flocks of any animal, second only to the Rocky Mountain locust.

Some reduction in numbers happened because of habitat loss when the Europeans started settling further inland. The primary factor emerged when pigeon meat was commercialized as a cheap food for slaves and the poor in the 19th century, resulting in hunting on a massive scale. There was a slow decline in their numbers between about 1800 and 1870, followed by a catastrophic decline between 1870 and 1890. Martha, thought to be the world's last passenger pigeon, died on September 1, 1914, in Cincinnati, Ohio.

In the 18th century, the passenger pigeon in Europe was known to the French as tourtre; but, in New France, the North American bird was called tourte. In modern French, the bird is known as the pigeon migrateur.

In Algonquian languages, it was called "amimi" by the Lenape and omiimii by the Ojibwe. The term passenger pigeon in English derives from the French word "passager", meaning to pass by.

Sergei Eisenstein

Sergei Mikhailovich Eisenstein (; January 23, 1898 – February 11, 1948) was a Soviet Russian movie director and movie theorist. He was known mostly for his silent movies "Strike", "The Battleship Potemkin" and "". He was also known for his historical epics "Alexander Nevsky" and "Ivan the Terrible". His work had a major impact on early movie directors because of his creative use of and writings about montage.

Eisenstein was born in Riga, Latvia but his family moved a lot in his early years. Eisenstein continued to move often during his life. Eisenstein's father Mikhail Osipovich Eisenstein was of German-Jewish and Swedish descent and his mother, Julia Ivanovna Konetskaya, was from a Russian Orthodox family. He was born into a middle-class family. His father was an architect and his mother was the daughter of a wealthy merchant. Julia left Riga the year of the 1905 Revolution. She brought Sergei with her to St. Petersburg. Sergei would return at times to see his father. His father would later move to join them around 1910. His mother soon divorced his father and moved to France away from the family.

At the Petrograd Institute of Civil Engineering, Sergei studied architecture and engineering, the job of his father. At school with his fellow students however, Sergei would join the military to serve the revolution. His father did not support his joining the army. In 1918 Sergei joined the Red Army with his father, Mikhail, supporting the opposite side. This brought his father to Germany after defeat, and Sergei to Petrograd, Vologda, and Dvinsk. In 1920, Sergei was transferred to a command position in Minsk, after success providing propaganda for the October Revolution. At this time, Sergei studied Japanese. He learned some three hundred kanji characters which he cited as an influence on his pictorial development. This also allowed him to see Kabuki theatre. Because of his studies, he traveled to Japan.

In 1920 Eisenstein moved to Moscow, and began his career in theatre working for Proletkult. His productions there were named "Gas Masks," "Listen Moscow," and "Wiseman". Eisenstein would then work as a designer for Vsevolod Meyerhold. In 1923 Eisenstein began his career as a theorist, by writing "The Montage of Attractions" for LEF. Eisenstein's first movie, "Glumov's Diary", was also made in that same year. Dziga Vertov hired at first as an "instructor" for the film The movie formed part of his theatre production "Wiseman".

"Strike" (1925) was Eisenstein's first full-length movie. "The Battleship Potemkin" (1925) was well liked by critics throughout the world. Because he was known throughout the world, Eisenstein was able to direct "" (also known as "Ten Days That Shook The World"). The movie was part of the tenth anniversary celebration of the October Revolution of 1917. He then directed "The General Line" (also known as "Old and New"). People in the outside world praised the movies. However, in the Soviet Union, Eisenstein's focus on structural issues such as camera angles, crowd movements and montage, was not liked by the much of the Soviet movie community.

In the autumn of 1928, Eisenstein left the Soviet Union for a tour of Europe. He was joined by Grigori Aleksandrov and cinematographer Eduard Tisse. The trip was supposed to allow Eisenstein and others to learn about sound motion pictures. It would also show the famous Soviet artists to the capitalist West. For Eisenstein, however, it was also an opportunity to see landscapes and cultures outside those found within the Soviet Union. He spent the next two years touring and lecturing in Berlin, Zurich, London, and Paris. In 1929, in Switzerland, Eisenstein supervised an educational documentary about abortion directed by Edouard Tissé entitled "Frauennot - Frauenglück".

In late April 1930, Jesse L. Lasky, working for Paramount Pictures, offered Eisenstein the chance to make a movie in the United States. He accepted a short-term contract for $100,000 and arrived in Hollywood in May 1930. However, this agreement failed. Eisenstein's approach to filmmaking did not work with the style and way movies were made in American movie studios.

Eisenstein proposed a biography of munitions invester Sir Basil Zaharoff and a movie version of "Arms and the Man" by George Bernard Shaw. He also made plans for a movie of "Sutter's Gold" by Jack London. But the studio's producers did not like the plan. Paramount then proposed a movie version of Theodore Dreiser's "An American Tragedy". This excited Eisenstein, who had read and liked the work, and had met Dreiser at one time in Moscow. Eisenstein completed a script by the start of October 1930. Paramount disliked it completely. They also found themselves intimidated by Major Frank Pease, president of the "Hollywood Technical Director's Institute". Pease, an anti-communist, started a public campaign against Eisenstein. On October 23, 1930, Paramount and Eisenstein declared their contract canceled. Eisenstein and his movie partners were given return tickets to Moscow, at Paramount's expense.

Eisenstein was faced with returning home as a failure. The Soviet movie industry was solving the sound-movie issue without him and his movies. His methods and ideas were becoming increasingly attacked as 'ideological failures'. They were called examples of formalism. Many of his theoretical articles from this period, such as "Eisenstein on Disney", have been found decades later as important scholarly texts. These are used in movie schools around the world.

Eisenstein spent a large amount of time with Charlie Chaplin. Chaplin recommended that Eisenstein meet American socialist author Upton Sinclair who Chaplin thought might help Eisenstein. Sinclair's works had been accepted by and were widely read in the Soviet Union, and were known to Eisenstein. The two liked each other's work. Between the end of October 1930, and Thanksgiving of that year, Sinclair had gotten an extension of Eisenstein's leave from the Soviet Union. He also received permission for Eisenstein to travel to Mexico to make a movie to be produced by Sinclair and his wife, Mary Craig Kimbrough Sinclair. They joined with three other investors to make the Mexican Film Trust.

On November 24, Eisenstein signed a contract with the Trust. The deal was "upon the basis of Eisenstein's desire to be free to direct the making of a picture according to his own ideas of what a Mexican picture should be, and in full faith in Eisenstein's artistic integrity." The contract also said that the movie would be "non-political." The money first came from Mrs. Sinclair and would be "not less than Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars." The schedule for making the movie would be "a period of from three to four months,". The contract also said that "Eisenstein...agrees that all pictures made or directed by him in Mexico, all negative film and positive prints, and all story and ideas embodied in said Mexican picture, will be the property of Mrs. Sinclair..." An addition to the contract, dated December 1, allowed that the "Soviet Government may have the [finished] movie free for showing inside the U.S.S.R." Reportedly, it was verbally decided that the movie was expected to be an hour long.

By December 4, 1930, Eisenstein was on his way to Mexico by train. He was joined by Alexandrov and Tisse. Later he came up with a short summary of the six-part movie which would come. This would be the final plan Eisenstein would settle on for his project. The title for the project, "¡Que viva México!", was decided on some time later. While in Mexico, Eisenstein mixed socially with Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera. Eisenstein liked these artists and Mexican culture in general. They inspired Eisenstein to call his movies, "moving frescoes."

After a long time away from the Soviet Union, Stalin sent a telegram saying he was worried that Eisenstein had become a deserter. Eisenstein blamed Mary Sinclair's younger brother, Hunter Kimbrough, for the film's problems. Kimbrough had been sent along to act as a line producer on the movie. Eisenstein hoped to pressure the Sinclairs to stop Stalin, so Eisenstein could finish the movie in his own way.

The upset Sinclair shut down production. He ordered Kimbrough to return to the United States with the remaining movie footage. The three Soviets came as well to see what they could do with the movie already shot. For the unfinished filming of the "novel" of Soldadera, Eisenstein had gotten 500 soldiers, 10,000 guns, and 50 cannons from the Mexican Army. This was lost due to Sinclair's canceling of production.

When Eisenstein arrived at the American border, a customs search of his trunk revealed sketches and drawings of Jesus along with other material of a pornographic nature. Eisenstein's re-entry visa had expired, and Sinclair's contacts in Washington were unable to secure him an additional extension. Eisenstein, Alexandrov and Tisse were, after a month's stay at the U.S.-Mexico border outside Laredo, Texas, allowed a 30-day "pass" to get from Texas to New York. From there, they would be allowed to leave for Moscow. Kimbrough returned to Los Angeles with the remaining movie.

Eisenstein toured the American South, on his way to New York. In mid-1932, the Sinclairs were able to get the services of Sol Lesser. Lesser had just opened his own distribution office in New York, Principal Distributing Corp.. Lesser agreed to supervise post-production work on the miles of negative — at the Sinclairs' expense — and distribute any finished product. Two short movies and a short subject — "Thunder Over Mexico" based on the "Maguey" footage, "Eisenstein in Mexico", and "Death Day" respectively — were completed and released in the United States between the autumn of 1933 and early 1934.

Eisenstein never saw any of the Sinclair-Lesser movies, nor a later effort by his first biographer, Marie Seton, called "Time In The Sun." He would publicly say that he had lost all interest in the project.

Eisenstein's trip to the west made the Soviet movie business look at him with a suspicion that would never completely go away. He apparently spent some time in a mental hospital in Kislovodsk in July 1933. This was possibly a result of depression because he realized that he would never be allowed to edit the Mexican footage which was turned over by Sinclair to Hollywood editors.

He was then given a teaching job with the movie school GIK (now Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography) where he had taught before. In 1933 and 1934 he was in charge of writing the education plan. Eisenstein married filmmaker and writer Pera Atasheva (1900–65) in 1934. They remained married until his death in 1948. There is some question about his sexuality.

In 1935, he began another project, "Bezhin Meadow". It appears the movie had many of the same problems as "Que Viva Mexico". Eisenstein decided to movie two versions of the plot. One was for adult viewers and one was for children. He failed to set a clear shooting schedule. He also used a lot of film which meant a lot of costs and missed deadlines. The movie ran into problems because it was not fully supported by its American financers.

The thing that may have saved Eisenstein's career at this point was that Stalin ended up saying that the "Bezhin Meadow" problems, along with several other problems facing the business, had less to do with Eisenstein's approach to filmmaking as with the executives who were supposed to have been watching him. In the end, this made Boris Shumyatsky, "executive producer" of Soviet movies since 1932 to blame. In early 1938, he was denounced, arrested, tried and convicted as a traitor, and shot. (The production executive at movie studio Mosfilm, where Meadow was being made, was also replaced, but without more executions).

Eisenstein was then able to impress Stalin again for "one more chance", and he chose, from two offerings, the job of a movie of "Alexander Nevsky," with music composed by Sergei Prokofiev. This time, however, he was also given a co-writer, Pyotr Pavlenko, to bring in a completed script. He had professional actors to play the roles. He also had an assistant director, Dmitri Vasilyev, to make the filming faster.

The result was a movie critically received by both the Soviets and in the West. He won the Order of Lenin and the Stalin Prize. It was an obvious allegory and hard warning against the growing forces of Nazi Germany. This was started, completed, and put in theatres all within 1938. It was Eisenstein's first movie in nearly a decade. It also his first movie with sound.

But, within months of its release, Stalin entered into his agreement with Hitler. "Nevsky" was quickly pulled from distribution. Eisenstein returned to teaching. He was assigned to direct Richard Wagner's "Die Walküre" at the Bolshoi Theatre. Eisenstein had to wait until Hitler's sent German troops across the Soviet border in a fatal first strike, to see "Nevsky" receive wide distribution and real international success.

With the war coming to Moscow, Eisenstein was one of many filmmakers evacuated to Alma-Ata. There is where he first considered the idea of making a movie about Czar Ivan IV. Eisenstein wrote letters to Prokofiev from Alma-Ata. Prokofiev joined him there in 1942. Prokofiev composed the score for Eisenstein's movie. Eisenstein designed sets for an opera version of "War and Peace" that Prokofiev was creating.

Eisenstein's movie, "Ivan The Terrible, Part I", showing Ivan IV of Russia as a national hero, was liked by Joseph Stalin (and it won a Stalin Prize). The sequel, "Ivan The Terrible, Part II", was not approved of by the government. All the film from the not-finished "" was taken away, and most of it was destroyed (though several filmed scenes still exist today).

Eisenstein's health was also failing. He had a heart attack during the making of this movie. He died soon after of another heart attack at the age of 50. He is buried at Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow.

Eisenstein was one of the first to use montage, a specific form of movie editing. He and Lev Kuleshov, two of the first movie theorists, said that montage was the basis of movies. His articles and books — especially "Film Form" and "The Film Sense" — explain the need for montage in detail.

His writings and movies have continued to have a major impact on later filmmakers. Eisenstein believed that editing could be used for more than just explaining a scene or moment through a "linkage" of related images. Eisenstein felt the "collision" of shots could be used to control the feelings of the audience and create movie metaphors. He believed that an idea should be concluded from comparing two different shots. This is what made a collage or montage within movie. He developed what he called "methods of montage":


Eisenstein taught movie making during his career at GIK. He also wrote the lessons for the directors' course there. His classroom illustrations are reproduced in Vladimir Nizhniĭ's "Lessons with Eisenstein." Exercises and examples for students were based on literature such as Honoré de Balzac's "Le Père Goriot." Another situation students had to produce was the staging of the Haitian struggle for independence as depicted in Anatolii Vinogradov's "The Black Consul,". Eisenstein also taught the specifics of directing, photography, and editing. He encouraged his students' development of individuality, expressiveness, and creativity. Eisenstein's teaching, like his movies, were politically charged and contained quotes from Vladimir Lenin.

In his first movies, Eisenstein did not use professional actors. His narratives did not focus on individual characters. Instead, they addressed broad social issues, especially class conflict. He used basic characters, and the roles were filled with untrained people from the matching classes. He avoided using stars. Eisenstein's vision of communism brought him into conflict with officials in the ruling system of Joseph Stalin. Like many Bolshevik artists, Eisenstein pictured a new society which would pay for artists totally. This would free them from bosses and budgets. It would leave them free to create. But budgets and producers were as important to the Soviet movie business as the rest of the world. The isolated, post-revolution, new nation did not have the resources to nationalize its movie business at first. When it did, limited resources — both monetary and equipment — required production controls as big as in the capitalist world.







Yass, New South Wales

Yass is a town in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia. It is in the Yass Valley Shire. The name probably comes from an Aboriginal word, "Yarrh" (or "Yharr"), which means 'running water'.

Yass is about 280 km southwest of Sydney and is 56 km north of Canberra. It is on the Hume Highway which is the main road between Melbourne and Sydney. The new Hume Freeway goes around the town. The Yass River flows past the town. It later flows into the Murrumbidgee River.

Yass has an impressive and historic main street. It includes many 19th century hotels with large verandahs. It is popular with tourists, some from Canberra and others taking a break from the Hume Highway.

The Pride of Erin Festival and Yass Show are held in March. The Yass Arts-and-Crafts Festival is held in November.

The Yass area has long been inhabited by Aboriginal tribes called the Wiradjuri and Ngunnawal. They called it "yarrh", meaning “running water.”

In 1821 the area was visited by the European explorer Hamilton Hume. In 1830 a small village began. It started where the road crossed the Yass River. The road became the main road to Melbourne.

Yass became a District Council in 1842. By 1848 there were 248 people living in Yass. On 13 March, 1873, the Municipal District of Yass was begun. James Cottrell was elected as the first Mayor of Yass.

One of Australia's best known poets, A.B. 'Banjo' Paterson came to the area with his family in 1871. He was only 7 and spent his childhood in the district, near Binalong. He later bought a property at Wee Jasper, near Yass, so that his children could enjoy a country life. Poet and priest Patrick Hartigan was born near Yass in 1878. He studied at the local convent school as a youth. He wrote using the name John O'Brien.

Sir Walter Merriman started a farm called 'Merryville'. It became one of Australia's most famous sheep farms. It produced some of the best fine wool in 1903. Yass is an important area for raising sheep which have very fine wool. This is because of the soil and climate in the Yass area.

Yass was one of the sites suggested for the Australian Federal Capital after 1901.

Because of the steep hills the New South Wales Government Railways built the railway a few kilometres from the town. The people in Yass wanted the railway to pass closer or even through the town. In 1892, a light railway or tram was built to connect Yass Junction on the main railway line and Yass Town.

Yass Junction was the nearest railway station on the Sydney Melbourne railway to serve the national capital at Canberra. The uniform gauge (distance between the rails) railway line between Melbourne and Sydney was opened in 1961. The special train had to stop at Yass Junction to pick up William Charles Wentworth. He was a member of parliament who had worked hard to get the railway built. He could not get on the train at Sydney because he was needed in the parliament at Canberra.

St Augustine's Parish Yass began in 1838 with the laying of the foundation stone of the church now called the chapel.

An unusual modern style new building (the 'big' church) was begun in 1954. The bishop in charge was Bishop Young who later became the Archbishop of Hobart. The design for the church was by the architects Fowell Mansfield and Maclurcan of Sydney. The builder was James Wallace of 123 Sussex St Sydney.

There are important works of art by famous Australian sculptor Tom Bass in the Church:

The foundation stone of the new church was laid on 11 April 1954 by Archbishop Eris O'Brien and the church was opened on 29 April 1956, by Archbishop Guilford Young. Fifty year celebrations were organised on 29 April 2006 by Father Laurie Bent.



Community of Christ

The Community of Christ is a Mormon movement. From 1872 to 2001, it was known as Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (RLDS). It was founded in the 1860s. It did not recognise Brigham Young as a Prophet, but instead followed Joseph Smith III, the son of the founder of Mormonism, Joseph Smith. Unlike the followers of Young who went to Utah they remained were they were, in the Midwestern United States, mainly in Missouri. A number of court cases established this Church as the follower of law of the church established by Smith. for this reason it has the most manuscripts and the oldest Temple. 

In general, their beliefs are closer to mainline Protestant Christianity. Unlike other Latter-day Saints movements, they have a classic view of the Trinity. Their baptism is therefore recognised as a valid Christian one.

Didelphis

The six species in the genus Didelphis, commonly known as large American opossums, are members of the Didelphimorphia order.

Species:




Pakistanis

The word Pakistani or Pakistanis () means from or about the country of the modern Islamic Republic of Pakistan partly consisting of the Indus Valley. It refers to a person or people from Pakistan.
Every citizen of Pakistan is called a Pakistani (singular) or Pakistanis (plural).


Imran Khan

Imran Ahmad Khan Niazi () (born 5 October 1952) is a Pakistani politician. He was the 22nd Prime Minister of Pakistan from 2018 to 2022. Before entering politics Khan was a cricketer and played for international cricket for two decades in the late 20th century.

Khan started his career as a first-class cricketer in Lahore in 1968. During his studies at the University of Oxford, he also played for their Blue's Cricket team.
In 1971, he played his first international test match for Pakistan against England. In 1974, he played his first One-day international against England.

Khan also became the second fastest all-rounder to reach the mark of 3000 runs and 300 wickets. He also has the second best batting average in test cricket at position 6.

Khan became the captain of Pakistan side in 1982, becoming one of the most successful captains with 91 wins in tests and ODIs.

Khan became a politician in the mid-1990s by founding his political party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) in 1996. He made a cancer hospital, Shaukat Khanum, in memory of his mother who also died of cancer. He supported president Pervez Musharraf from 1999. In 2007, he changed his view and then opposed Musharraf.

On July 26, 2018, Khan was elected Prime Minister despite many people accusing Khan's campaign of rigging the election. Khan took oath as Prime Minister of Pakistan on 18 August 2018.

On April 3, 2022, he told President Arif Alvi to dissolve the National Assembly after a no-confidence motion against him failed. However, four days later on April 7, the Supreme Court later said what Khan did was illegal. A motion of no confidence was soon passed against Khan on April 10, 2022 becoming the first prime minister in Pakistan to be removed from office by a vote of no confidence.

On November 3, 2022, in Wazirabad, Punjab, Khan was shot while giving a speech, but he survived the assassination attempt.

On May 9, 2023 Khan was arrested for corruption at the High Court in Islamabad. On January 30, 2024, he was sentenced to 10 years in prison for revealing state secrets.

Thule

Thule is the name of the island which Pytheas, the ancient Greek explorer, discovered in the fourth century B.C. Pytheas reported that this island was located in the north of Britain. So it is believed that Thule is probably Iceland or the Shetland Islands or the Faroe Islands or the coasts of Norway. Today, a village in the north of Greenland is called Thule which is also called Qaanaaq.


2008 Mumbai attacks

The 2008 Mumbai attacks were carried out at seven places across Mumbai, India, on 26 November 2008. 175 people were killed and 291 were injured in these attacks.

Waging war against India.
Mumbai City (mainly south Mumbai area) came under heavy terrorist attacks on 26 November 2008, from 2120 hrs. The attack started when two heavily-armed terrorists opened fire and threw grenades on the public and police inside the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus Railway Station. After that they threw grenades at BMC Office and moved to Cama Hospital. Terrorists tried to take some hostages in the hospital. They came out on the main road where they shot dead the ATS chief, HemantKarkare and other police officials, who were coming in a Toyota Qualis vehicle. Two terrorists tried to escape but faced cross fire from police. The police injured and captured one terrorist. The other died near Metro Cinema.

Another group of terrorists opened fire on occupants of Leopold Cafe, Colaba (at a distance of 2.5 km from CST). They took some hostages including a Jewish couple. Later, the group holed itself up inside Nariman House after taking hostages while another group forced themselves inside the lobby of Hotel Taj (at 0.5 km from Nariman House). They threw grenades and fired on the people inside the hotel lobby. Later, they moved onto the third floor and took some hostages including foreigners. They tried to blast the dome of the hotel and set the hotel on fire through grenade blast. Yet another group of terrorists entered into the lobby of Hotel Trident Oberai (at 1.5 km from CST) and started indiscriminate firing at different locations such as pool side/upper floors and took hostages. Two taxis carrying explosives exploded and killed the drivers and inmates in WadiBunder and Vile Parle area.

In a major operation, the National Security Guards neutralized all the terrorists holed up in Taj Hotel, Oberoi-Trident and Nariman House, Mumbai. They completed the sanitization of Nariman House and Oberoi-Trident Hotel on November 29, 2008, Hotel Taj on early morning of November 30. 

In the attack, 175 persons were killed (Police-18, Public-122, Foreigners-26 and terrorists-9) and 291 were injured (Police-25,Public-243 Foreigners-22 and terrorist-1).

The multiple terrorist attacks in Mumbai were launched from Karachi from where a group of 10 Laskhar-e-Taiba (LeT) fidayeens (all Pakistanis) equipped with arms/ammunition had sailed off on November 23,2008. 

A new militant outfit called Deccan Mujahideen claimed responsibility for the attack. Investigations have revealed that the sender of the email was connected to Zarrar Shah Communication, Coordinator of LeT based in Pakistan. One of the perpetrators namely Ajmal belonging to district Okara of Pakistan, who was captured, revealed in his interrogation his LeT connections and other details about the attack. According to him, the operation was planned by Zaki-ur-Rehman of LeT.

Nine terrorists killed in the operations by the security forces in Mumbai were identified by Ajmal as his fidayeen associates from LeT.

The Special Court, Mumbai convicted Mohd Amir Mohd Ajmal Kasab (case no. 175/2009) and awarded him a death sentence on May 6, 2010. Bombay High Court and the Supreme Court of India upheld the death penalty. The President of India rejected the mercy petition of Ajmal Kasab. Ajmal Kasab was hanged on November 21,2012 at 7:30 am at Yerwada jail, Pune. 

In the same case, the trial court acquitted two Indian accused viz. Fahim Ansari and Sabahuddin with benefit of the doubt on May 3, 2010. Prosecution challenged the acquittal of both co-accused, before the Supreme Court.


Deccan Mujahideen

The Deccan Mujahiddeen is believed to be a terrorist group. They do attacks inside India. They came to the attention of the public after they said they were responsible for the attacks on Mumbai on 26 November 2008. It is possible that the organization could be related to the Indian Mujahideen.

Indian authorities said that the Mumbai attacks were directed by Lashkar-e-Taiba militants inside Pakistan. The surviving gunman was a Pakistani. Pakistan initially contested this attribution, but agreed this was the case on 7 January 2009.

Deccan refers to the Deccan Plateau in southern India. The states of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu lie on this plateau. The name is an anglicised from the Prakrit word "dakkhin". That word comes from the Sanskrit word "dakṣiṇa-" (), meaning 'South' or 'The South'.

Mujahideen (also spelt Mujahedin) in Arabic is a "struggler". So the name Deccan Muhahideen may literally mean "Strugglers of the South", "The South Strugglers" or "South Strugglers".



Case (grammar)

In grammar, case changes what a noun, adjective or pronoun does in a sentence. It is a set of forms which depend on the syntax (how the words go together). Case is an example of inflection, which is often an affix, a part of a word that is added to other words, that signals a grammatical relationship. Long ago, Old English used several cases, but Modern English does not use cases except for in pronouns. 

In Latin, nouns pack several ideas into one word:

In many languages like Latin, German, Russian, Korean and Japanese, a noun's case changes the end of a word depending on the noun's role in the sentence. Nouns change their endings to show that they are doing something, that something is done to them, that they just happen to be there during the action, or that they own something.

Therefore, word order in those languages is less important than in English, which often has word order change a sentence's meaning.

In English, case is not used much. Instead, word order and auxiliary verbs (helpers) are more important.

English has these cases for nouns and pronouns: "common case" and "genitive" (possessive). Each may take a plural:

English adjectives unchanged: "red hat", "red hats".

Axon

The axon is the part of a neuron that sends the signal to the synapse. Axons are long, thin and tendril-like.

Axons are much like a highly developed dendrite.

The axon carries an electrical signal from the cell body (soma) to the synapse. There the signal passes to other neurons or to muscle fibers. An axon can be over a meter long in humans. Or even longer in longer animals like elephants and whales.

The electrical signal of an axon is made by ions that flow in and out of the cell producing an electric impulse called an action potential. The speed at which the signal travels depends on how thick the axon is, and how much insulation it has. Insulation is provided by specialized cells called myelin that wrap around the axon. This insulation is called the myelin sheath. 

The axon was discovered by Otto Deiters.

What is an axon?

Axons are the primary signaling lines of the nervous system and they bundle together to form nerves. Axons have variable lengths and diameters. The numbers of axonal  telodendria can vary depending on the type of nerve fiber. Axons in the central nervous system (CNS) tend to have more ends which allows for simultaneous transmission of messages to a large number of target neurons within a single region of the brain.

The role of axons is to transmit information around the body between neurons, muscles, and the glands. Axons are one of two extensions of a neuron, the other one is the dendrites and axons are covered by a membrane called the axolemma and the cytoplasm of the cell is the axoplasm. Most messages are sent across neurons in the form of neurotransmitters which travel across synapses (connection between two neurons) and axons branch off into telodendria. Impulses are sent down the axons in the form of action potentials which activate the neurotransmitter release when it hits the axon terminal. 

Anatomy

There are two types of axons: myelinated and unmyelinated axons. The myelin sheath serves as insulation material for the axon. The white matter in the brain is made of myelinated axons while gray matter is made of unmyelinated cells. 

Axons send impulses down their body. Impulses jump between exposed areas on the axon not covered by the myelin sheath called the nodes of Ranvier. The myelin sheath is made by glial cells. Axons are covered in spots in myelin sheath made by oligodendrocytes in the central nervous system (CNS), or Schwann cells in peripheral nervous system (PNS). Neurons are made up of two regions: the cell body and dendrites as one region and axonal body as another. The axonal region of neurons consists of the axon hillock which receives an action potential from the neuron which generates an action potential from the initial segment. The axonal initial segment (AIS) separates the main part of the axon from the rest of the neuron and also initiates action potentials. The AIS is unmyelinated and has a certain plasticity to it which allows for adaptability and the fast conduction of nerve impulses, which is achieved by a large concentration of voltage gated sodium channels in the initial segment where the action potential is initiated. 

Axons can divide into many ends called telodendria. At the end of the telodendria is an axon terminal which has an axon synaptic vessel that stores neurotransmitters for release at the synapse. This makes multiple synaptic connections with other neurons possible. Sometimes the axon of a neuron may synapse into dendrites of the same neuron, called autapse. 

Action potential

Most axons carry messages in the form of action potentials which start in the cell body of a neuron and travel down the axon. Axon potentials are terminated at the point where axons make contact with . The axon's body has a negative charge because of charged potassium ions and a positive charge outside (sodium ions). The difference is called the resting membrane potential about 70 millivolts in your body. When a neuron has a negative membrane potential it is said to be polarized. A protein in the nerve cell membrane adds to this difference in charge, since it pumps out three sodium ions for every two potassium ions it brings in. The difference in charge is called an , which the neuron wants to even  out. The cell membrane is also riddled with ion channels (examples are voltage gated channels, ligand gated channels, mechanically gated channels). When these gates open, the ions move down them to even out the differences in charges across the membrane; these actions are the key to all electrical events in neurons. If only a few channels open and only a few sodium ions pass through this is called a graded potential and only causes a small change in membrane potential in a localized part of the cell. Action potentials trigger release of voltage gated ion channels. Process: something stimulates you and causes the sodium channels to open causing the inner charge to increase. The stimuli has to be strong enough to trigger the action potential. At this level many voltage sodiums open causing a lot of sodium ions to enter the cell causing the cell to be massively depolarized, up to 40 mv. This causes a biological chain reaction causing the charges inside and outside the cell to swap. Repolarization is when voltage gated potassium ion channels cause the pot ions to go outside trying to rebalance the charges. This causes hyperpolarization which is when the membrane potential drops to -75mv before sodium potassium ;pumps take over and return everything to its resting level. Refractory period process during which the axon is not responsive to any other stimuli. The strength of an action potential is always the same, what changes is the frequency of the stimuli. The speed of conduction also varies, myelinated axons are faster than unmyelinated ones because impulses can jump from node to node in saltatory conduction.

Synapses

Some are chemical, others are electrical. Electrical synapses send an ion current flowing directly from the cytoplasm of one nerve cell to another through small windows called gap junctions which causes all nearby synapses and neurons to be activated all together which is useful in places like your heart. Chemical synapses use neurotransmitters to communicate by diffusion through a synaptic gap. Presynaptic neuron sends signals through presynaptic terminals filled with synaptic vesicles filled with the neurotransmitters. Postsynaptic neurons make the neurotransmitters in the receptor region on the dendrite or cell body. 

Development and growth of axons

In early embryonic development the neural tube differentiates into immature neurons which migrate to a final location and an axon grows from each immature neuron in response to chemical stimuli. During the development of the CNS, axons grow from their tip via a growth cone which has a broad sheet-like extension called a . This enables axons to navigate through their environment so they can meet with other axonal synapses and form connections which will become the entire circuitry of the nervous system.

Clinical significance 

The dysfunction of axons in the nervous system is one of the leading causes of neurological disorders that affect central and peripheral neurons. Crushing an axon can lead to its death which can also take place in many neurodegenerative diseases especially when axonal transport is impaired. Demyelination of neurons (when axons lose their protective sheath)  causes many disorders, as does dysmyelination (abnormal formation of myelin sheath).

Haast's eagle

Haast's eagle ("Harpagornis moorei") was the largest known eagle. It is the only eagle in the world known to have been the top predator in its ecosystem. It lived on the South Island of New Zealand, where there were no other large predators.

Fossil evidence shows that the areas where the Haast’s eagle lived were covered in forest and shrublands, as well as in the grasslands on river floodplains. 

The arrival of people in New Zealand had unfortunate consequences for the eagle. By 1400 AD, most of the forest habitat it used had been cleared by fire, and most of the large flightless moas that it ate had been hunted to extinction. Not surprisingly, Haarst's eagle also became extinct.

Benjamin W. Lee

Benjamin Whiso Lee (Korean: 이휘소, Lee Whi-so) (January 1, 1935 – June 16, 1977) or Ben Lee, was a Korean-American theoretical physicist. His work in theorical particle physics was very important to the development of the standard model in the late 20th century. His work mainly affected the renormalization and the charm quark.

Benjamin W. Lee was born in Seoul, Korea. Before finishing high school, he entered the department of Chemical Engineering at Seoul National University. He was one of the best students. During his time in college, he transferred to the United States. He graduated from Miami University. Lee received a master degree from the University of Pittsburgh, and his Ph.D. from the University of Pennsylvania at the age of 25. Lee worked at Institute for Advanced Study. He was a professor of physics at University of Pennsylvania, SUNY at Stony Brook, University of Chicago, and head of the theoretical physics department at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory. On June 16, 1977, he was killed in a car accident near Kewanee, Illinois. Lee studied symmetry principles and weak interactions.

Alessandro Volta

Count Alessandro Giuseppe Antonio Anastasio Volta (18 February 1745 – 5 March 1827) was a Lombard physicist known especially for the development of the first electrical cell in 1800. He was born in Como in Lombardy, Italy.

Volta worked on the electrophorus that makes a static electric charge in 1775. Volta also studied what we now call capacitance, developing separate means to study both electrical potential V and charge Q, and discovering that for a given object they are proportional. This may be called Volta's Law of Capacitance, and likely for this work the unit of electrical potential has been named the volt. Around 1791 he began to study "animal electricity". In this way he discovered Volta's Law of the electrochemical series, and the law that the electromotive force (emf formula_1) of a galvanic cell. In 1800, he invented the "voltaic pile", an early electric battery, which made a steady electric current. It is credited as the first electrochemical cell.
In honor of his work in the field of electricity, Napoleon Bonaparte made him a count in 1810. A museum in Como, the Voltian Temple, has been built in his honor and exhibits some of the original equipment he used to conduct experiments. In 1881, an important electrical unit, the volt(V), was named in his honor. There have also been innovations and discoveries named after Alessandro Volta including the Chevy Volt, and the Volta Crater on the Moon.

Volta married the daughter of Count Ludovico Peregrini, Teresa. They raised three sons. In 1779 he became professor of experimental physics at the University of Pavia. He had the job for almost 25 years. Volta is buried in the city of Como. At the Tempio Voltiano near Lake Como there is a museum about him and his work.

Friedrich August Kekulé von Stradonitz

Friedrich August Kekule von Stradonitz (also August Kekulé) (7 September 1829 – 13 July 1896) was a German organic chemist. Kekulé was born in Darmstadt, the son of a civil servant. After graduating from secondary school, in 1847 he entered the University of Giessen, with the intention of studying architecture. After hearing the lectures of Justus von Liebig he decided to study chemistry. Following his education in Giessen, he took further doctorate fellowships in Paris (1851-52), in Chur, Switzerland (1852-53), and in London (1853-55), where he was decisively influenced by Alexander Williamson. 

In 1858, he was hired as a full professor at the University of Ghent. In 1867, he was asked to work at the University of Bonn. There he studied carbon organic compounds and benzene. He suggested a benzene ring structure. 

Kekulé's most famous work was on the structure of benzene. In 1865 Kekulé published a paper in French suggesting that the structure contained a six-membered ring of carbon atoms with alternating single and double bonds. The next year he published a much longer paper in German on the same subject. The empirical formula for benzene had been long known, but its highly unsaturated structure was challenging to determine. Archibald Scott Couper in 1858 and Joseph Loschmidt in 1861 suggested possible structures that contained multiple double bonds or multiple rings, but the study of aromatic compounds was in its earliest years, and too little evidence was then available to help chemists decide on any particular structure.

Ultra high frequency

Ultra High Frequency (UHF) is a electromagnetic radiation. Especially its frequency is between 300 MHz and 3 GHz (3,000 MHz). Because of short wavelength, UHF has strong directivity and it has small area. UHF is commonly used for television signals. It is strong enough to be protected from other signal, but because of its strong directivity, receiving error by an obstacle occurs more. Hence it needs sensitive sensors.
UHF frequencies have higher attenuation from atmospheric moisture and benefit less from 'bounce', or the reflection of signals off the ionosphere back to earth, when compared to VHF frequencies. The frequencies of 300–3000 MHz are always at least an order of magnitude above the MUF (Maximum Usable Frequency). The MUF for most of the earth is generally between 25–35 MHz. Higher frequencies also benefit less from ground mode transmission. However, the short wavelengths of UHF frequencies allow compact receiving antennas with narrow elements; many people consider them less ugly than VHF-receiving models

On December 29, 1949 KC2XAK of Bridgeport, Connecticut became the first UHF television station to operate on a regular daily schedule. 
In the United States, UHF stations (broadcast channels above 13) originally gained a reputation for being more locally owned, less polished, less professional, less popular, and for having a weaker signal than their VHF counterparts (channels 2–13). The movie UHF, starring Weird Al Yankovic, parodied this phenomenon.

However, with the emergence of additional broadcast television networks ( Fox, UPN, WB, and PaxThe PAX Network PAX TV PaxNet or simply PAX is a cable television network formed in 1998. PAX, which is owned by Paxson Communications, shows family-oriented programming. Its programming contains little or no sex, violence or strong language. Unlike most), the concentration of media ownershipConcentration of media ownership is a commonly used terms among media critics, policy makers, and others to characterize ownership structure of media industries. Media ownership is said to be concentrated usually in one or more of the following ways., and the proliferation of cable televisionCable television or Community Antenna Television CATV (and often shortened to 'cable') is a system of providing television, FM radio programming and other services to consumers through fixed coaxial cables, rather than by the older and more widespread rad, digital televisionDigital television DTV uses digital modulation and compression to broadcast video, audio and data signals to television sets.

Introduction A major use of DTV can be to carry more channels on the same amount of bandwidth. Another can be high-definition pro, and DSSDigital Satellite System (DSS) or Direct Broadcast Satellite (DBS is a technology to deliver a television or audio signal digitally, directly from an orbiting satellite to a consumer's one- to three-foot-diameter dish at the consumer's home or business. in the 1990sCenturies: 19th century 20th century 21st century Decades: 1940s 1950s 1960s 1970s 1980s 1990s 2000s 2010s 2020s 2030s 2040s Years: Events and trends Computers, technology Explosive growth of the Internet; decrease in the cost of computers and other techn, the distinction between UHF and VHF stations has virtually disappeared in the United States. Most HDTV stations (those using the ATSC television standard) broadcast their over-the-air signal in the UHF band.

In Britain, UHF television began with the launch of BBC2 in 1964, using a 625-line system (which had higher resolution, and therefore required greater bandwidth, than the existing 405-line system). BBC1 and ITV soon added their own 625-line services on UHF (British channels 21 to 69), and PAL colour was introduced on UHF only in 1967– 1969. VHF was phased out by 1986. Today all British terrestrial television channels (analog and digital) are on UHF. A drawback to this is the very large number of small relay transmitters needed to fill in gaps in the main transmitters' coverage, which would not have been necessary with a VHF system due to its different propagation characteristics.


LC circuit

An LC circuit is an electronic circuit made up of an inductor and a capacitor.

LC circuit's resonant frequency is equal to: formula_1 

The angular frequency ω has units of radians per second.

LC circuits are used for creating signals at a particular frequency, or picking out a signal at a particular frequency from a more complex signal. An ideal LC circuit does not have resistance.

At LC circuit energy saves in the capacitor's electric field.

formula_2 

U is energy and q is electric charge.
At LC circuit energy also save in the inductor's magnetic field.

formula_3 

U is energy and i is electric current that flows in inductor.

Let's analyze an LC circuit's vibration. Vibrating LC circuit's total energy is U.

formula_4

Because circuit's resistance is 0, there is no energy that transmits to heat energy, and U is maintained regularity.
formula_5 

So LC circuit's vibration is shown like that
formula_6

First consider the Electrical impedance of the series LC circuit. The total impedance is given by the sum of the inductive and capacitive impedances

formula_7

By writing the inductive impedance as formula_8 and capacitive impedance as formula_9 

Resultingly the series connected circuit, when connected to a circuit in series, will act as a band-pass filter having zero impedance at the resonant frequency of the LC circuits.

The same analysis may be applied to the parallel LC circuit. The total impedance is then given by

formula_11

and after substitution of formula_12 and formula_13 we have

formula_14

which simplifies to

formula_15 .

Resultingly the parallel connected circuit will act as band-stop filter having infinite impedance at the resonant frequency of the LC circuit.


Application-specific integrated circuit

ASIC or Application-specific integrated circuit is a kind of integrated circuit. It is built for a particular use instead of for general-purpose use. Digital circuits are a common form of ASIC, but analog ASICs were manufactured beginning in the latter half of the 1990s.

ASIC has advantages compared to programmable logic controller or standard logic gate IC. 

There are also disadvantages of ASIC. 

Design of ASIC is gate array design, cell base design, embedded array design, standard cell design, and structured ASIC design.
Gate array design has elementary gate circuit at first base, (we) manufacture the products with putting ordered proper wire-layers.
Manufacturing is quick because a finished product needs only production of wire-layers and it is cheap because of mass production of its foundation.
However, because (we) form a circuit with formation of standard gate, it has worse contact rate and efficiency.

Cell base design uses wire-layer between block that was designed and arranged and logical circuit. and product is manufactured .
Performance is better than gate array, but time of making cell base is longer than time of making gate array, and cost of making cell base is more expensive than cost of making gate array.

Embedded array design Use finished functional block were located. It was rest of theory for wired to use part of gate array. It was called that gate array and basis of cell were compromising.

Standard cell design is a general term for gate array, cell base, embedded array. if standard cell is cell base IC, direction is different each company.

Structured ASIC design uses customization of standard subsystems to speed design and production.
Designers of ASIC use a hardware description language (HDL) such as Verilog or VHDL to describe the functionality of the design. 


Photoelectric effect

The photoelectric effect is a phenomenon in physics. The effect is based on the idea that electromagnetic radiation is made of a series of particles called photons. When a photon hits an electron on a metal surface, the electron can be emitted. The emitted electrons are called photoelectrons. The effect is also called the Hertz Effect, because it was discovered by Heinrich Rudolf Hertz, but this name is not used often.
The photoelectric effect has helped physicists understand the quantum nature of light and electrons. The concept of wave–particle duality was developed because of the photoelectric effect. Albert Einstein proposed the Laws of Photoelectric Effect and won the Nobel Prize For Physics 1921.

Not every electromagnetic wave will cause the photoelectric effect, only radiation of a certain frequency or higher will cause the effect. The minimum frequency needed is called the "cutoff frequency" or "threshold frequency'. The cutoff frequency is used to find the work function, formula_1, which is the amount of energy holding the electron to the metal surface. The work function is a property of the metal and is not affected by the incoming radiation. If a frequency of light strikes the metal surface that is greater than the cutoff frequency, then the emitted electron will have some kinetic energy.

The energy of a photon causing the photoelectric effect is found through formula_2, where formula_3 is Planck's constant, J·s, formula_4 is the frequency of the electromagnetic wave, formula_5 is the kinetic energy of the photoelectron and formula_1 is the work function for the metal. If the photon has a lot of energy, Compton scattering (~ thousands of eV) or pair production (~ millions of eV) may take place.

The intensity of the light alone does not cause ejection of electrons. Only light of the cut off frequency or higher can do that. However, increasing the intensity of light will increase the number of electrons being emitted, as long as the frequency is above the cut off frequency.

Heinrich Hertz made the first observation of the photoelectric effect in 1887. He reported that a spark jumped more readily between two charged spheres if light was shining on them. Further studies were done to learn about the effect observed by Hertz. In 1902, Philipp Lenard showed that the kinetic energy of a photoelectron does not depend on the light intensity. However, it was not until 1905 that Einstein proposed a theory that explained the effect fully. The theory says that electromagnetic radiation is a series of particles, called photons. The photons collide with the electrons on the surface and emit them. This theory ran against the belief that electromagnetic radiation was a wave. Thus, at first it was not recognised as correct. In 1916, Robert Millikan published the results of experiments using a vacuum photo-tube. His work showed that Einstein's photoelectric equation explained the behaviour very accurately. However, Millikan and other scientists were slower to accept Einstein's theory of light quanta. Maxwell's wave theory of electromagnetic radiation cannot explain the photoelectric effect and blackbody radiation. These are explained by quantum mechanics.

Image processing

In electrical engineering and computer science, Image processing is any form of processing for which the input is an image or a series of images or videos, such as photographs or frames of video. The output of image processing can be either an image or a set of characteristics or parameters related to the image. It also means "Analyzing and manipulating images with a computer". 

Image processing is performed in three steps:

First, import images with an optical devices like a scanner or a camera, or make them by computer-generated imagery.

Second, manipulate or analyze the images in some way. This step can include image improvement and data summary, or the images are analyzed to find rules that aren't seen by the human eyes. For example, meteorologists use this processing to analyze satellite photographs.

Last, output the result of image processing. The result might be the image changed by some way or it might be a report based on analysis or result of the images.

In the 21st century image processing is usually "digital", but optical and analog image methods are still used.

Ogg

Ogg is a free, open standard format for music, video and other multimedia. It is run by the Xiph.Org Foundation. The Ogg format is unrestricted by software patents and is designed to provide for efficient Internet streaming and for editing of high quality digital multimedia.

The project was based on the popular AVI and Ogg formats, which at the time only supported audio. Some time ago, the OGG Vorbis format was created to change the mp3 format. To store the vorbis audio stream, the OGG Bitstream standard was developed, which was later used to store video.

Recently a big library on the internet, the Internet Archive, announced that they are going to convert many videos and other multimedia to the Ogg format as well as other formats like the proprietary Adobe Flash flv format.

Georgetown, Kentucky

Georgetown is a city and the county seat of Scott County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 37,086 at the 2020 census. There is a Toyota automobile plant there.

Georgetown has one sister city.

Encarta

Encarta was a digital multimedia encyclopedia by Microsoft. There was a more complete version called "Encarta Premium" made in 2008. It had more than 62,000 articles and many photographs and illustrations. There was also music clips, videos, maps and timelines with some activity games. It also included an atlas, and homework tools. It was available on the internet if you pay a yearly fee, or to buy on DVD-ROM, or CD-ROMs. Many articles could also be read online free of charge, a service which is paid for by advertisements.

Microsoft made similar encyclopedias under the "Encarta" trademark in several different European languages and in Japanese.

Islamabad (disambiguation)

Islamabad can refer to:

White supremacy

White supremacy is the belief that white people are better than all other races. The words "white supremacy" are sometimes used to describe a political idea that shows the social and political dominance of whites.

White supremacy is a form of racism. It is not to be confused with different political and moral differences that people of any race may hold. White supremacists also want racial "separation", which means people of different races living apart. White supremacy has often caused anti-black racism and antisemitism (Anti-Jewish hate). Native Americans, Asians, multiracial people, Middle Eastern people, Roma Gypsies, Muslims, mestizo or indigenous Mexicans, non-white Latinos and LGBTQ+ people are also hurt by white supremacists.

The different groups who are in favour of white supremacy do not agree on who is white. They do not agree on which group is their worst enemy. White supremacists often think that Jews are the biggest danger to their cause. They think Jews are able to hide inside society more easily than other ethnic groups.

Politically, socially and economically, white supremacy was common in the United States before the American Civil War and for many years after. This is also true for white supremacist regimes in South Africa and Rhodesia and of parts of Europe at different time periods. White supremacy was very important for Nazi Germany's Third Reich. How much white supremacy has influenced Western culture is still being argued about. The ways it has changed how society works are still being studied. In some parts of the United States, many people who were thought to be non-white could not vote and were not allowed to be part of the government. They were also not allowed to work in most government jobs. They were still not allowed to do this, even into the second half of the 20th century. White leaders in places like the United States and Australia often thought that Native Americans and Indigenous Australians kept society from going forward. They did not think of them as people who lived there in their own right. Many European-settled countries that are on the Pacific Ocean limited immigration from Asian and Pacific countries. Many U.S. states banned marriage between races, through "anti-miscegenation laws" until 1967, when these laws were changed. South Africa had a white supremacist regime, called Apartheid, until 1994. Rhodesia had a white supremacist regime until 1980.

White supremacists have become linked with a racist part of the skinhead subculture. When the skinhead subculture first began in the United Kingdom in the late 1960s, it was mostly influenced by the Jamaican rude boys and British mods. But by the 1980s, a big white supremacist skinhead faction had formed.

White supremacist groups can be found in most countries and regions with a large white population, including North America, Europe, Australia, New Zealand. They can also be found in areas where most people are not white, such as South Africa and Latin America. In all of these areas, their views are held by only a small part of the population. The number of people who are active in the groups is quite small. The militant (very forceful) approach taken by white supremacist groups has caused them to be watched closely by governments and police. Many of the things that white supremacists say can get some people to hurt or kill other people. This is called hate speech. Some countries have laws against hate speech. Some countries also have laws that stop or limit some white supremacist organizations. However, white supremacist groups are very different from each other. This means that it is hard to stop them all.

The Christian Identity movement, which is regarded by most other Christians as heretical is closely tied to white supremacy. The Ku Klux Klan's reasons for wanting racial segregation are not mainly based on religious ideas. But the Klan uses Christian symbols like a cross on fire in order to put fear in their victims. The Klan persecuted Catholics.Some white supremacists say that they follow the Odinist religion. Most Odinists do not accept white supremacy. White supremacists make up only a small part of those who support Odinism (belief in the gods of Norse mythology). Some white supremacist groups, such as the South African Boeremag, put parts of Christianity and Odinism together.

The World Church of the Creator, now called the Creativity Movement, backs a racist religion called Creativity. The religion's purpose is 'a racial holy war" and "a bright and beautiful new world." This new world will come through a special "holy war" that they call "RAHOWA" (RAcial HOly WAr). They think that members of the white race must take steps to save their white race. They believe that all races are at war with each other for land and natural resources. They say that their war is a religious war.




BMW 3 Series

BMW 3 Series is a car produced by BMW since 1975. It is currently in its seventh generation. The 3 Series has an M version in the form of the M3.

The 3 Series has come in multiple body styles and engine types. The 3 Series has been sold as saloons, coupés, estates, and convertibles. The 3 Series is one of the most commonly-sold vehicles in the world.

Vulcan (hypothetical planet)

Vulcan was a theoretical planet. In the 19th century, the planet was thought to orbit close to the sun. Its gravitational pull would explain changes seen between the perihelion advance of Mercury from that predicted by Classical Mechanics. The theory that Vulcan exists come from the earlier prediction that an outer planet (now Neptune) was causing similar changes in the orbit of Uranus from the orbit predicted by classical theory.

None of the searches for Vulcan found a planet. This caused some people to not agree with Newtonian theory. It led to the development of Special Relativity and General Relativity. Albert Einstein's modified theory of gravity showed why the orbit of Mercury changes without the existence of Vulcan. This disproved the theories of Vulcan.

Flag of Greece

The flag of Greece is rectangular with nine equal stripes of blue (5) and white (4) from left to right. In the top left corner is a blue square with a white cross. This flag has been used since 1822, when the young Greek state was fighting for its independence from the Ottoman Empire during the Greek War of Independence.

The current flag of Greece was officially adopted during the First national assembly of the Greeks at Epidaurus in 1822, and the flag with the 9 stripes was adopted as a state and military ensign (a flag used only by the government and the military, and only on ships). Another flag was chosen as a land flag, it was a simple white cross on a blue field. A third flag was adopted for the merchant fleet (a flag to be used by civilians on ships only), but it was only used for 8 years. In 1978, the ensign was chosen as the sole national flag, and it is now used by everyone on land and sea as the flag of Greece.

A different opinion states that the Greek flag is an exact duplicate of the East India Trading Company flag. 

It is sometimes known in Greece as the "blue-white", in Greek "Γαλανόλευκη" (Galanólefki) or "Κυανόλευκη" (Kyanólefki).

Peugeot 307

The Peugeot 307 is a car produced by Peugeot. It replaced the 306 in June 2001 with 3 and 5-door hatchback models. In 2002, the SW estate was added and in late 2003 saw the 307 CC coupé/cabriolet launched. It was facelifted in 2005 and was replaced in 2007 by the 308. The platform of the 307 were also used for the Citroën C4. The model sold well but didn't have great reliability although it was improved with later models. 



Peugeot 308

The Peugeot 308 is a car produced by Peugeot. 

The first generation 308 replaced the Peugeot 307 in October 2007. It was facelifted in 2011.

The second generation 308 was launched in June 2013. It is built on the same EMP2 platform as the Citroën C4 Picasso. It ditched the CC and 3-door hatchback bodystyles.

In 2017, it got facelifted with a new front end and LED lights.

In 2020, the 308 received a new digital gauge cluster.

The third generation 308 was unveiled in March 18, 2021, and launched in May of the same year. It has the third generation EMP2 platform, a new retro-styled Peugeot logo, a coupe SUV variant known as the Peugeot 408, and both plug-in hybrid and fully electric variants for the first time.

Custard cream

A custard cream is a type of biscuit which is popular in the United Kingdom. It looks like a biscuit sandwich with a cream center. 

Like the American Hydrox or Oreo, the custard cream can be eaten by twisting the two biscuits apart and eating the center first.


Bay Minette, Alabama

Bay Minette is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. According to the 2020 census, its population was 8,107. The city is the county seat of Baldwin County.

Bay Minette is located at (30.883446, -87.777183).

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . (0.50%) is water.

RebelX

Bakerhill, Alabama

Bakerhill or Baker Hill is a town in Barbour County, Alabama, United States, near Eufaula. According to the 2020 census, the city had a population of 211. Although it existed as an unincorporated village since before 1860, the city was officially incorporated in 1997.

Bakerhill is located at 31.88 degrees north, 85.15 degrees west (31.88495, -85.15390).

Computer model

A computer-based predictive model is a computer program that is designed to simulate what might or what did happen in a situation. They are used in many ways including in astronomy, economics and sciences such as physics and biology. Computer models are used in fields such as earthquake performance simulation and making models of buildings.

Well known areas which use computer models:

Computer modelling often uses numerical analysis to approximate the real solution of the problem. Simulation techniques are then used to get values. Numerical weather predictions are too inaccurate to give a good local prediction of the weather, so other methods are used to adjust them. 

M postcode area

The M postcode area, also known as the Manchester postcode area, is a group of lots of postal districts in Greater Manchester, England.

The code covers three places: Manchester, Salford, and Sale. It covers parts of all Greater Manchester boroughs except for Stockport. All of Manchester is covered by the code, except for a small village called Ringway, which is in the WA postcode area. The postcode also includes nearly all of Salford and most of the borough of Trafford.

The code covers these districts:


River Irwell

The River Irwell is a river which flows through the Irwell Valley in the counties of Lancashire and Greater Manchester in North West England. It is long. The start of the river is at Irwell Springs on Deerplay Moor, about north of the town of Bacup, in the parish of Cliviger, Lancashire. The Irwell flows through the city centres of Manchester and Salford, before joining the River Mersey near Irlam.


The Club (Nickelodeon)

Nicktropolis was a virtual world made for children aged six to fourteen.

Building of "Nicktropolis" started in November 2004. It went into testing by late 2005, and was given out to members by January 6, 2007. The game opened to all people on January 30, 2007. It ended due to the new Nickelodeon update and the Nickelodeon message board has been shut down too.


Bessemer, Alabama

Bessemer is a city in southwestern Jefferson County, Alabama, United States and a suburb of Birmingham near Hueytown. The population was 26,019 at the 2020 census.


Princess Louise, Duchess of Argyll

The Princess Louise (Louise Caroline Alberta: Marchioness of Lorne and Duchess of Argyll by marriage; 18 March 1848 – 3 December 1939) was the fourth daughter of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. She was interested in sculpture, and was a notable architect. In 1871, she married John, Marquess of Lorne (Duke of Argyll from 1900), but the marriage was unhappy. They made up with each other in the 1900s, and after Argyll's death in 1914, she had a nervous breakdown. She died in 1939 at the age of 91.

Louise was born at Buckingham Palace, the main British royal home in London. Her mother was Queen Victoria, and her father was Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Louise spent much of her early life moving between the different royal homes that her parents stayed in. These included Buckingham Palace; Osborne House on the Isle of Wight; Windsor Castle in Berkshire; and Balmoral Castle in Scotland.
Louise's education was similar to her brothers and sisters. She was given a basic education, as well as tasks such as cookery, carpentry and farming. She was good at art, especially sculpture. Hallam Tennyson, son of the poet Alfred Lord Tennyson, wrote that Louise could "draw beautifully". She was also good at acting and dancing. The Queen wrote that Louise "danced the sword dance with more verve and accuracy than any of her sisters". She wanted to know about a lot of things, which gave her the nickname "Little Miss Why" from members of the royal family.

Louise's father, Prince Albert, became ill with typhoid fever, and died on 14 December 1861. Queen Victoria was very sad after this happened, as she and Albert were a loving couple. While the Queen mourned, the court became morbid, and Louise quickly became fed up with it. On her 17th birthday, she asked if the ballroom could be opened for a dance, but Queen Victoria refused. Louise's irritation, in turn, irritated the Queen, who did not like Louise's arguments.

The Queen never really got over Albert's death, but she made herself feel better by sticking to Albert's plans for her children's marriages. In 1862, Louise's sister, Princess Alice, married Prince Louis of Hesse; in 1863, Albert Edward, Prince of Wales married Princess Alexandra of Denmark; and in 1866, Princess Helena married Prince Christian of Schleswig-Holstein. With Louise's elder sisters now married, Louise was left to be the Queen's helper. Despite not being happy about it, the Queen agreed with this, and was surprised by the results. The Queen wrote: "She is (and who would some years ago have thought it?) a clever dear girl with a fine strong character, unselfish and affectionate." In her new role, Louise was less bored by the court, because she had more things to do.




Brent, Alabama

Brent is a city in Bibb County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 2,972.

Boaz, Alabama

Boaz is a city in Etowah and Marshall Counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. The city is named after the husband of Ruth, from the Book of Ruth in the Bible. It is part of the 'Gadsden, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area'. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 10,107.

1996 United States presidential election

The 1996 United States presidential election happened on November 5, 1996. Bill Clinton, the incumbent president and Democratic candidate, won reelection. He defeated Bob Dole, the Republican candidate, who was the former Senator of Kansas for president, and Ross Perot, the Reform Party candidate, who was a businessman. 

Perot received less media attention and was not included in the presidential debates and, while still getting large results for a third-party candidate, by U.S. standards, did not renew his success in the 1992 election.

Clinton benefited from an economy that recovered from the early 1990s recession, and a relatively stable world stage. On November 5, 1996, President Clinton went on to win re-election by a substantial popular vote margin with a large electoral college victory.

President Clinton went on to win re-election relatively easily despite becoming the first sitting president since Woodrow Wilson in 1916 to do so with under 50% of the National Vote (49%), while winning enough states to earn him 379 electoral votes. Senator Bob Dole from Kansas ran for the Republicans and was at the mercy of peaceful overseas relations and a thriving economy. He gained (41%) of the vote while winning enough states to win 159 electoral votes. The GOP did well in the congressional races however thus effectively positioning themselves for the 1998 midterms and the subsequent 2000 race for the White House.

Bridgeport, Alabama

Bridgeport is a small city in Jackson County, Alabama, United States. At the time of 2020 census, the population was 2,264. Bridgeport is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area.

Brewton, Alabama

Brewton is a city in Escambia County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 5,276. The city is the county seat of Escambia County.

The city government consists of mayor who is elected at large and five member city council who are each elected from a district.

Schools in the Brewton City School System:

Brewton is home to Jefferson Davis Community College, a small postsecondary school that primarily gives associate's degrees.

The annual Alabama Blueberry Festival is held at Burnt Corn Creek Park and downtown Brewton.

The Thomas E. McMillan Museum is on the campus of the Jefferson Davis Community College.


Brighton, Alabama

Brighton is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 2,337.

Brighton (disambiguation)

Brighton is a city in East Sussex. 

Brighton may also mean:




East Brewton, Alabama

East Brewton is a city in Escambia County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, 2,293 people lived there.


Brundidge, Alabama

Brundidge is a city in Pike County, Alabama, USA. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 2,341.

Enterprise, Alabama

Enterprise is a city in Coffee and Dale Counties in Alabama, United States. The population is 28,711 in 2020.

Enterprise is served by Enterprise City Schools. Enterprise is also home to Enterprise–Ozark Community College, (also known as Enterprise State Junior College). A two-year college, the Enterprise campus is home to the Boll Weevils.


Elba, Alabama

Elba is a city in Coffee County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 3,508. The city is the county seat of Coffee County.

Public Education is provided by the Elba City Public School District. There are two schools in the city:



Coffee County, Alabama

Coffee County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. Its name is in honor of General John Coffee. As of 2020 the population was 53,465. Its county seats are Elba and Enterprise. 

According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of . (or 99.78%) is land and (or 0.22%) is water.






Evergreen, Alabama

Evergreen is a city in Conecuh County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 3,520. The city is the county seat of Conecuh County.

Eutaw, Alabama

Eutaw is a city in Greene County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 2,937. The city is the county seat of Greene County and was named after the Revolutionary War battle of Eutaw Springs, South Carolina. It is part of the Tuscaloosa, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Eufaula, Alabama

Eufaula is a city in Barbour County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 12,882.

Princess Helena of the United Kingdom

The Princess Helena (Helena Augusta Victoria: Princess Christian of Schleswig-Holstein by marriage; 25 May 1846 – 9 June 1923) was the third daughter of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. Helena was interested in nursing, needlework and writing, and she founded several nursing hospitals. In 1866, she married Prince Christian of Schleswig-Holstein, a minor German prince with very little money, and they lived near Queen Victoria in the United Kingdom. After Victoria's death in 1901, Helena and Christian lived in London and Windsor. Prince Christian died in 1917, a year after celebrating their 50th wedding anniversary together, and Helena died six years later in 1923 aged 77 and was buried in Frogmore Garden Windsor beside her husband Prince Christian of Schleswig-Holstein .



Oxford, Alabama

Oxford is a city in Calhoun and Talladega counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. The population was 22,069 at the 2020 census. Oxford is one of two principal cities of and included in the Anniston-Oxford Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Opp, Alabama

Opp is a city in Covington County, Alabama, United States. It is named after Henry Opp, a lawyer for the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. 

At the 2020 census, the population was 6,771.


Opp's city slogan is "The City of OPPortunity".

Deccan Plateau

The Deccan Plateau is a large plateau that covers most of South India. It is triangular, surrounded by three mountain ranges. It extends over eight Indian states (principally, Telangana, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu).

The plateau covers , 27.7 percent of India's landmass.

The uplands, areas of higher landmass, form a triangle that is nested in the familiar downward-pointing triangle of the Indian sub-continent's coastline. In the south of India, the plateau is largely over above sea level. In the north it is mostly about above sea level. 
The plateau is extremely large, and there are many habitats: different ecosystems with different sorts of vegetation, climate, geology and animals. The forests on the plateau are older than the Himalayan mountains.

The Western Ghats and The Eastern Ghats surround the west and east of the plateau respectively. These mountain ranges rise from their nearby coastal plains and nearly meet at the southern tip of India. The mountains make the southward-pointing vertex of a triangle. The northern boundary of the triangle is made up by the Satpura Range and Vindhya Range. These northern ranges separate the plateau from the heavily populated riverine plains of northern India.

The name is an anglicised form of the Prakrit word "dakkhin", which comes from the Sanskrit word "dakṣiṇa-" (), meaning 'South' or 'The South'.

The Deccan Traps are a main cause of the special geography and geology of South India. They are a large igneous province on the Deccan Plateau of west-central India (between 17–24N, 73–74E) and one of the largest volcanic features on the planet. They consist of multiple layers of solidified flood basalt that are more than thick and cover an area of . The term 'trap', used in geology for such rock formations, is derived from the Dutch word for stairs, referring to the step-like hills forming the landscape of the region.

The Deccan Traps formed between 60 and 68 million years ago, at the end of the Cretaceous period. The bulk of the volcanic eruption occurred at the Western Ghats (near present-day Mumbai) some 66 million years ago. This series of eruptions may have lasted fewer than 30,000 years in total. The gases released in the process may have played a role in the Cretaceous–Tertiary extinction event, which included the extinction of the non-avian dinosaurs. The consensus among the scientific community is that the extinction was triggered by the Chicxulub impact event in Central America but that the Deccan eruptions also disrupted the planet's climate.

Before the Deccan Traps region was reduced to its current size by erosion and plate tectonics, it is estimated that the original area covered by the lava flows was as large as 1.5 million km², about half the size of modern India. The present area of directly observable lava flows is estimated to be around .

The release of volcanic gases, particularly sulfur dioxide, during the formation of the traps contributed to contemporary climate change. Data point to an average fall in temperature of 2 °C (3.6 °F) during this period.

Ozark, Alabama

Ozark is a city in and the county seat of Dale County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 14,368.


Oneonta, Alabama

Oneonta is a city in Blount County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 6,938. The city is the county seat of Blount County. Oneonta is home to the Covered Bridge Festival.

Oneonta became the county seat in 1889 when it was moved from Blountsville.

During World War II, a small POW camp was outside of Oneonta.

The city government is made up a Mayor and a five-person city council.

Princess Alice of the United Kingdom

Princess Alice (25 April 1843 – 14 December 1878) was the Grand Duchess of Hesse and by Rhine from 1877 until her death in 1878 as the wife of Grand Duke Louis IV. She was the third child and second daughter of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.

She was the sister of Edward VII of the United Kingdom and German Empress Victoria and the mother of Alexandra Feodorovna of Russia.

Alice was born on April 25, 1843 as Alice Maud Mary at Buckingham Palace in London.

Alice's birth prompted her parents to find a larger family home. In 1844, her parents purchased Osborne House on the Isle of Wight as a family holiday home. 

At Osborne, Alice and her siblings were taught skills such as housekeeping, cooking, gardening and carpentry, as well as daily lessons in learning English, French and German.

Alice was said to be fascinated with the world outside at Balmoral, where she visited the tenants living and working on the estate. In 1854, during the Crimean War, Alice visited hospitals in London for wounded soldiers with her mother and her older sister.

Alice was engaged to Prince Louis of Hesse on April 30, 1861. On July 1, 1862, Alice and Louis got married in a private ceremony in the dining room of Osborne House.

On December 14, the 17th anniversary of her father's death, Alice became seriously ill with the diphtheria that she caught from her son. She died in the early morning hours, she was 35 years old. Alice was buried on 18 December 1878 at the Grand Ducal mausoleum at Rosenhöhe outside Darmstadt.


The Illuminatus! Trilogy

The Illuminatus! Trilogy is a series of three novels written by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson between 1969 and 1971, and first published in 1975. The trilogy is a satirical, postmodern, science fiction story.

Fnord

A Fnord is the typographic representation of disinformation or useless information with the intent to misdirect or confuse, with the implication of a conspiracy. The word was coined as a nonsensical term with religious undertones in the Discordian religious text "Principia Discordia" (1965) by Kerry Thornley and Greg Hill, but was popularized by "The Illuminatus! Trilogy" (1975) of satirical conspiracy fiction novels by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson.


Disinformation

Disinformation is false or inaccurate information that is spread on purpose and is intended to mislead. It may include the handing out of forged documents, manuscripts, and photographs, or circulating malicious rumors and fabricated intelligence. Quite often this word is used in context of a government or large organisation trying to cause difficulties for a rival.

Principia Discordia

Principia Discordia is a Discordian religious text written by Greg Hill (Malaclypse The Younger) and Kerry Thornley (Omar Khayyam Ravenhurst). It was originally published under the title "Principia Discordia or How The West Was Lost" in a limited edition of 5 copies in 1965.

Discordianism

Discordianism is a postmodern religion in which disorder (also called discord) is as important as order, existing within chaos. It was founded circa 1958–1959 by Malaclypse the Younger, who published its most important text: the "Principia Discordia".

The Sacred Chao and Five fingered hand of ERIS are the most recognized symbols of Discordianism.
The Discordian calendar (also called Erisian calendar) is an alternative calendar used by followers of the discordian religion

The discordian year 1 YOLD is 1166 BC.

ddate is a linux program that prints the current date in the discordian calendar, in August 2011, ddate was made optional, and was removed in 2012, being readded in 2013


List of Lord Mayors of Manchester

This is a list of the Mayors and Lord Mayors of Manchester in the North West of England.


Tractor

A tractor is a work vehicle used for farming and construction. It usually has a seat for only the driver, and can be used to pull many different tools or trailers.

Most tractors use big wheels, but some use rubber tracks to spread their weight over a large area. This is useful for farmers in places with very soft or muddy ground where a tractor with wheels might get stuck.

Mantophasmatidae

The insect family Mantophasmatidae is the sole family in its order. It is a group of African carnivorous insects discovered in 2002. The most common vernacular name for this order is gladiators, but it is not well known under any name. 

Their modern centre of endemism is western South Africa and Namibia, although a relict population and Eocene fossils suggest a wider ancient distribution.

Members of the order are wingless even as adults, making them relatively difficult to identify. They resemble a mix between praying mantids and phasmids. Molecular evidence indicates that they are most closely related to a family known as the Grylloblattidae.

The mantophasmids were originally described from old museum specimens that found in Namibia ("Mantophasma zephyra") and Tanzania ("M. subsolana"), and from a 45-million-year-old specimen of Baltic amber ("Raptophasma kerneggeri").

The most recent classification recognizes numerous genera, including fossils.

Trafford

The Metropolitan Borough of Trafford is a metropolitan borough of Greater Manchester, England. It is home to 211,800 people, covers 41 square miles, and includes the towns of Altrincham, Partington, Sale, Stretford, and Urmston. Until 1974 the area was part of Cheshire.


Software developer

A programmer generally only writes code, but a software developer usually will:


Ford Granada

The Ford Granada was a car produced by the Ford Motor Company from 1972 to 1985 (to 1994 in the UK). The third generation Granada was sold as the Scorpio in Europe and as the Granada in the UK. 

The first generation appeared in March 1972 with saloon and estate versions, some lower-end models were called the Consul. 

The second generation launched in September 1977 with the same saloon and estate models and got a facelift in 1981. 

The third generation arrived in May 1985 with a hatchback version only, it was sold as the Scorpio in Europe and as the Granada in the UK, the Scorpio name was used as a trim level on higher-end versions in the UK. A saloon version was added in early 1990 and an estate was added in early 1992, alongside a small facelift. 

In late 1994, the Granada name was replaced by the Scorpio for all markets and was sold as a saloon or an estate, no hatchback was offered. However, the styling often divided opinion which meant it didn’t sell too well and in 1998, the model was axed without a replacement. 

Ford Fusion

The Ford Fusion name has been used on two different models of cars from the Ford Motor Company.


Ford Fusion (Americas)

The American Ford Fusion is a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 2005 to 2020 starting with the 2006 model year. It is sold in the Americas. The first generation model was produced from the 2006 to 2012 model years with a facelift in early 2009 as a 2010 model. The second 
generation model launched in late 2012 as a 2013 model and was facelifted in Spring 2016 as a 2017 model. Ford discontinued the Fusion in 2020 without a replacement due to more people buying crossovers and SUVs.

Hand grenade

A hand grenade is a small explosive device that is thrown at a target. It can be used as a weapon against an enemy soldier or vehicle. The most common type of grenade is the fragmentation grenade. Fragmentation grenades send out lots of very fast, very small fragments when they explode. Hand granades are usually thrown, and explode soon after that. Some specially designed grenades are fired from rifles or specially made grenade launchers. There are grenades which contain tear gas. These are used to control riots.

Hand grenades are used by the infantry. There are three main types: one which gives a big powerful blast to destroy bunkers, another which starts fires and another which contains shrapnel to hurt enemy soldiers. Most grenades are shaped like an egg, with a metal-arm on its top and a ring. When the ring is pulled out, the arm flips up and ignites a fuse. The user then has a few seconds to throw it and take cover, usually about 5 seconds. It explodes on impact and may injure or even kill people.

Early grenades were iron balls, filled with gunpowder and with a long fuse that its user must light up with a match before throwing. Some were too big to throw, so soldiers rolled them. Some armies assigned special soldiers called "grenadiers" to throw or roll grenades. 

Grenades in the early 20th century exploded on contact. This was changed during World War I to time fuses. The German army used stick grenades (grenades with handles) during World War I and World War II. The Soviet Army used different grenades for attack and defence.


Diphtheria

Diphtheria (pronounced "diff-THEER-ee-uh") is an infectious disease caused by a bacterium called "Corynebacterium diphtheriae". It can be treated by special drugs, or by antibiotics. There is a vaccine which can prevent diphtheria. In 1942, there were 50,804 diphtheria cases in England and Wales; now there is about one case a year. 

Diphtheria can cause serious problems, like:

Signs and symptoms of diphtheria usually begin two to five days after a person gets infected. They may include:
In some people, infection with diphtheria-causing bacteria causes only a mild illness. These people may have no obvious signs or symptoms. Infected people who do not know they have diphtheria are called "carriers" of diphtheria, because they can spread the infection without being sick themselves.

A second type of diphtheria can affect the skin. This type of diphtheria is called "cutaneous diphtheria". It causes pain, redness, and swelling on the skin, like other bacterial skin infections. People with cutaneous diphtheria may get ulcers, covered by a gray membrane, on their skin.

Cutaneous diphtheria is more common in tropical climates. However, cutaneous diphtheria also happens in the United States, especially among people with poor hygiene who live in crowded conditions.

Diphtheria toxin is produced by "C. diphtheriae" only when infected with a bacteriophage which integrates the toxin-encoding genetic elements into the bacteria.

Complication

In medicine, people talk about complications if a disease or condition a patient has gets worse. This makes it more difficult (or more complicated, that is where the word is from) to treat. 

Dumbo (disambiguation)

Dumbo may mean:


Ford Escort

Ford Escort may refer to:

Ford Escort (North America)

The North American Ford Escort was a car produced by Ford Motor Company from 1981 to 2003. Its successor, the Focus, was released in 2000. The first generation was made from model years 1981 to 1990. The second generation was made from model years 1991 to 1996. The third generation was made from model years 1997 to 2002. While the Focus came for the 2000 model year, the Escort continued for rental and fleet sales until 2002. The ZX2 was the coupe version launched for the 1998 model year and replaced the Probe in the line-up. It was facelifted for 2003 and then it was discontinued after just a single model year. 

Exempli gratia

Exempli gratia is a linking word, mostly known in English-speaking countries by its abbreviation e.g., means "for example" in Latin.

The literal translation is "for the sake of example". Gratia means "for the sake of" and when used with the genitive case. Exempli is the genitive singular form of exemplum meaning example.

"Exempli gratia" is sometimes confused with "id est" ("i.e.")." Id est" means "that is (to say)" in the sense of "that means", or "which means", or "in other words", or sometimes "in this case".

Postal codes in France

The French postal code format is F- (or FR-) 99999. The first two digits give the département number. In Paris, Lyon and Marseille, the last two digits of the postal code shows the arrondissement. These codes are also used by French overseas departments and territories, except for French Southern and Antarctic Territories and Clipperton Island. Monaco is also part of the French postal code system. The country code MC- is used for Monegasque addresses. 

Opelika, Alabama

Opelika is a city in and the county seat of Lee County in the part central of the U.S. state of Alabama. It is a principal city, along with Auburn, in the Auburn-Opelika, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA). According to the 2020 census, the population of Opelika is 30,995.

Robert L. Howard Medal of Honor recipient of the Vietnam War.

Ricky Banderas

Gilbert Cosme (born May 25, 1976) is a Puerto Rican professional wrestler. He is better known by his ring names El Mesías and Ricky Banderas. Cosme began his career in the International Wrestling Association in Puerto Rico. While performing in the company, he won the IWA World Heavyweight Championship five times. He also held minor championships on fifteen times. Cosme left the company in 2006.

On March 12, 2006 he started wrestling in Asistencia Asesoría y Administración in Mexico as a character named Muerte Cibernetica. In November 2006, Cosme was involved in the tapings of the Wrestling Society X television series. He was the second and last wrestler to win the WSX Championship. Cosme returned to Puerto Rico and wrestled again with International Wrestling Association for a month. He then returned to Asistencia Asesoría y Administración in a special event presented by the company. At this time, he started using the name Mesias. In September 2007, the company held a tournament where all of the champions and first contenders wrestled. In the tournament, he won the GPCW Super-X Monster Championship and IWC World Heavyweight Championship. In the final match of the tournament, he became the first wrestler to win the AAA World Heavyweight Championship. While working in Mexico, Cosme signed a contract with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) where he started wrestling on September 13, 2007 as Judas Mesias. Cosme wrestled for TNA until March 2008. He is currently wrestling in Lucha Underground under his ring name Mil Muertes. He debuted for Lucha Underground on the episode, which aired on November 6, 2014.


High Wycombe

High Wycombe is a large town in south Buckinghamshire. It has a population of about 175,000 people. The town is the largest town in Buckinghamshire. High Wycombe is the central hub for south Buckinghamshire and parts of Berkshire, Oxfordshire and Hertfordshire. It has central bus and railway stations with services to London and Birmingham, England's two largest cities. It is also a shopping area. It has one of the largest shopping centres in England. The town is in the Chilterns, an area of natural beauty. This makes it a tourist location. It has a museum, a regional theatre, a tourist information centre and two National Trust properties within three miles of the town centre. It is also a sporting venue. The venue has a large football stadium and one of few olympic size swimming pools in the United Kingdom. The town has some colleges that offer quality education and several well-regarded grammar schools as well as Wycombe Abbey, a famous private girls school. Some of the top-rated scholls in High Wycombe are Highcrest Academy, Amersham & Wycombe College, John Hampden Grammar School, Royal Grammar School and Wycombe High .

Notable residents past and present include:


Taylor

Taylor is an English surname. It means "tailor". It may also mean Taylor, the given name.






Jock Sturges

Jock Sturges (born 1947) is an American photographer. He is most well known for taking photographs of young people, often in the nude. His work on the nude beaches in France and California has been the subject of disputes. 

Sturges was born in New York City. He got his degree in photography at Marlboro College. Sturges caused dispute, as his work is mostly young girls and boys photographed in the nude. In April 1990, he was raided and arrested by the FBI, but the case was thrown out by the Grand Jury, because his photographs were of naturism rather than pornography. 

Pakistani rupee

The rupee (symbol: Rs; code: PKR) is the currency of Pakistan. The issuance of the currency is controlled by the State Bank of Pakistan. The most commonly used symbol for the rupee is Rs, used on receipts when purchasing goods and services. In Pakistan, the rupee is referred to as the "rupees", "rupaya" or "rupaye". As standard in Pakistani English, large values of rupees are counted in terms of thousands, lakh (hundred thousands, in digits 100,000) and crore (ten millions, in digits 10,000,000).

Golden Crescent

The Golden Crescent is one of Asia's two main areas of illegal opium production, in South-central Asia and Western Asia. It is in the mountainous border areas of Afghanistan, Iran, and Pakistan.

French Beach, Karachi

French Beach of Karachi is a small fishing village. It is half way between Hawkes Bay and Paradise Point. The local people call it "Haji Abdullah Goth". It is surrounded by a boundary wall. It has 20 huts for rent. The village does not have running water or electric power. Its rocky beach and clear waters are ideal for snorkeling and scuba diving. Visitors must bring their own equipment as well as food and drink supplies. 

Westminster School

The Royal College of St. Peter in Westminster, almost always known as Westminster School, is one of Britain's leading private schools. It has the highest number of students going to Oxford or Cambridge Universities of any secondary school or college (49.9%). It had the best GCSE results in 2013, with 98.16% of entries getting A* or A grades.

The school is near to Westminster Abbey in central London. It existed before the 12th century. The school's notable ex-students include Nick Clegg, Ben Jonson, Robert Hooke, Christopher Wren, Jeremy Bentham, and A. A. Milne. Boys enter the Westminster Under School when they are seven years old. They go to the main school when they are thirteen. Girls are allowed only at sixteen. The school has about 750 students. About a third are boarders (who live in the school). Most of the boarders go home for the weekends, after Saturday morning school. The school has eleven houses.

The school made Harris Westminster Sixth Form, a sixth form free school, with the Harris Federation in 2013. It opens in September 2014. It will give preference to applying students from poor backgrounds.

Depression (mood)

Depression is a state of low mood and not wanting to do anything. It can change what a person thinks, does, feels, and sense of well-being. It may lead to being sad, make it harder to think and a large change in appetite and time spent sleeping. People who have depression may feel no hope and, sometimes, thoughts of suicide. It can either be short term or long term. The main symptom of depression is said to be anhedonia, which means losing of interest in things that usually make people happy. Depressed mood is a symptom of some mood disorders such as major depressive disorder or dysthymia; it is a normal reaction to life events, such as losing a loved one; and it is also caused by some physical diseases and a side effect of some drugs and medical treatments.

Gadani Beach

Gadani Beach is a beach on the Arabian Sea. It is near the Hub River and Cape Monze in Gadani, Lasbela District, Baluchistan, Pakistan. Many ships have been broken up for scrap at Gadani Beach, including the SS "Canberra" in 1997. 

Sandspit Beach

Sandspit Beach is a beach southwest of Karachi, Pakistan. It is a famous tourist spot. The sea at Sandspit is calm and quiet from October to March but it is rough during the monsoon season. A variety of marine life (algae and crabs) is found there. The shallow water here is good for swimming and sunbathing. It has an unusual rocky formation. Sandspit beach is a popular relaxation spot in Karachi. Facilities at the Sandspit Beach include horseback and camel riding.

Hawke's Bay (Karachi)

Hawksbay Town or Hawksbay Housing Scheme No.42 is in Keamari Town in Karachi, Sindh, in Pakistan. Hawke's Bay Town was notified in July 1984 by Karachi Development Authority.

Paradise Point

Paradise Point is a beach in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. Paradise Point is a sandstone rock promontory with a natural arch.

The beach has attractions for families and tourists, including beachside horse and camel rides, amusement parks, restaurants, and swimming in the Arabian Sea.

Other beaches close to the city include Sandspit Beach, Hawke's Bay, and Clifton beach.

Charlotte's Web (disambiguation)

Charlotte's Web is a 1952 children's book written by E. B. White.

It can also mean:


Dave Baksh

David Nizaam "Brownsound" Baksh (born 26 July, 1980 in Ajax, Ontario) is a Canadian guitarist, singer and producer of Guyanese descent, best known as the former guitarist of successful pop punk band Sum 41, but has since became a singer/guitarist in his own heavy metal/reggae project Brown Brigade.

Half Hour of Power

Half Hour of Power is Sum 41's debut EP. Despite its title, there are only 24 minutes of music on it. It was released on June 27, 2000 on Big Rig Records, a subsidiary of Island Records (US), and Aquarius Records (Canada).


William Tecumseh Sherman

William Tecumseh Sherman (February 8, 1820 – February 14, 1891) was an American soldier, businessman, educator, and author. Before the Civil War, he fought in the Mexican-American War and was the head of Louisiana State University. He served as a General in the Union Army during the American Civil War (1861–65). While general, he led the Atlanta Campaign and burned the city. Sherman's March to the Sea later devastated Georgia and burned Savannah. After the Civil War, he was in charge of all the Union Armies. He was urged several times to run for President of the United States, but declined to run each time.


Mathew Brady

Mathew B. Brady (1822 – January 15, 1896) was one of the most celebrated 19th century American photographers, best known for his portraits of celebrities and the documentation of the American Civil War. He is credited with being the father of photojournalism.



Monieux

Monieux is a commune of 250 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Monteux

Monteux is a commune of 9,564 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Morières-lès-Avignon

Morières-lès-Avignon is a commune of 6,535 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Mormoiron

Mormoiron is a commune of 1,562 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Mornas

Mornas is a commune of 2,209 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

La Motte-d'Aigues

La Motte-d'Aigues is a commune of 1,328 people (2008). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Murs, Vaucluse

Murs is a commune of 415 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Oppède

Oppède is a commune of 1,226 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Orange, Vaucluse

Orange is a commune of 29,000 people (2005). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Pernes-les-Fontaines

Pernes-les-Fontaines is a commune of 10,170 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Pertuis

Pertuis is a commune of 18,906 people (2006). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Pertuis is twinned with:

Peypin-d'Aigues

Peypin-d'Aigues is a commune of 586 people (2006). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Piolenc

Piolenc is a commune of 4,445 people (2005). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Le Pontet, Vaucluse

Le Pontet is a commune of 15,594 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Puget

Puget is a commune of 589 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Puyméras

Puyméras is a commune of 610 people (1999). It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Puyvert

Puyvert is a commune of 541 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Rasteau

Rasteau is a commune in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in south France.

Richerenches

Richerenches is a commune of 616 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department. This in the south of France.

Roaix

Roaix is a commune of 587 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Robion

Robion is a commune of 3,844 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

La Roque-Alric

La Roque-Alric is a commune of 54 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

La Roque-sur-Pernes

La Roque-sur-Pernes is a commune of 447 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Roussillon, Vaucluse

Roussillon is a commune of 1,161 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France. It was elected "one of the prettiest villages in France" ("un des plus beau villages de France")

Rustrel

Rustrel is a commune of 614 people (1999). It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Hershey–Chase experiment

The Hershey–Chase experiments were a series of experiments started in 1952 by Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase. 

These experiments were to confirm that DNA was the genetic material in living things, which had previously been discovered by the Swiss physician Friedrich Miescher in his experiments on white blood cells, or leukocytes, between 1868 and 69. Hershey shared the 1969 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his “discoveries concerning the genetic structure of viruses.”

Hershey and Chase used T2 phage, a bacteriophage. The phage infects a bacterium by attaching to it and injecting its genetic material into it. 

They labeled the phage DNA with radioactive Phosphorus-32. They then followed the phages while they infected E. coli. They found that the radioactive element left on the phage's DNA was only in the bacterium, and not in the phage, meaning that the DNA had entered the bacterium.

In a second experiment, Hershey and Chase put labels on the phage protein with radioactive Sulfur-35. After the phage was attached to the bacterium, the radioactive element was found in the phage, but not in the bacterium. This means that the phage's proteins stayed on the outside of the bacterium. These results showed Hershey and Chase that the genetic material that infects the bacteria is DNA.


Samos City

Samos City is the capital of the Greek island Samos. It is in the northeast of the island. Samos City has about 6,000 people. The old town of Samos city is named Vathy. Vathy is beside Samos and it is jointed with it. It is a traditional small town with traditional houses and narrow paths. Vathy has about 2,000 people.

Amfissa

Amfissa is a Greek city. It is in the center of Greece, at the foot of Parnassos mountain. Near Amfissa is Delfi. According to the 2001 census, 6,947 lived there. During the Middle Ages it was named Salona, but today is named with its ancient name, Amfissa. Amfissa is an agriculturist city. The main financial source in Amfissa is olive oil. Oil-tree is the main cultivation in district of Amfissa. The most interest sight in the town is the ancient castle above town.

Tann, Hesse

Tann is a town in the district of Fulda, in Hesse, Germany. It is in the Rhön Mountains, 27 km northeast of Fulda. It is an accredited Spa town at the Ulster River.

Antlion

Antlion are a family of insects in the order, Neuroptera with the scientific name Myrmeleontidae. The most well-known genus is "Myrmeleo". There are about 2,000 species.

Most people know this insect because of the funnel-shaped pit, up to 2 inches in diameter and depth, produced by the larval stages of this insect to trap ants. Larvae have globular abdomens and narrower, flattened heads bearing sickle-shaped jaws. Adults superficially resemble drab-colored, 1 ½ inch long damselflies with four long, narrow, net-veined wings roof-like held over a long, skinny abdomen when at rest. Unlike damselflies, however, ant-lion antennae are prominent and clubbed at the end.

Digestion

Antlions burrow in the ground, forming a pit for prey to fall into. The pit is angled so that the sides of the pit crumble when the victim tries to climb out. After being swallowed by the antlion, the victim is kept alive and slowly digested over 1,000 years, where they will fund a new definition of pain and suffering. The prey is restrained by tentacles in the stomach to prevent it from escaping. 

Body image

Body image is the thoughts and feelings of a person has about their own body. Having a positive body image effects self-esteem. In studies the majority of women and girls in western societies have a negative body image. The American ideal is to be thinner than is normal or healthy. Men and boys are thinking more about their bodies, wanting to be more muscular. Unrealistic ideals are learned from parents, friends, and the media.

In non-western cultures, body image does not have the same meaning. In some societies, people think of themselves as part of a group, not as individuals. Where getting enough food is a problem, growing thinner is seen as unhealthy. Westernization of cultures has decreased positive body image worldwide.

A 2007 report by the "American Psychological Association" found that a culture-wide sexualization of girls was contributing to increased female anxiety associated with body image. The study found that women are more worried about their body image than men. 


Heraclion

Heraclion is the biggest city of Crete. 132,000 lived there in 2001 census. Heraclion is in the north of Crete. It is near Knossos, the ancient capital of Crete and the center of Minoan civilization. Heraclion has a big harbor which it connects Heraclion with continental Greece. Heraclion has a hot summer Mediterranean climate.

The most interesting sight in Heraclion is the Venetian square with a marble fountain. Venice ruled Heraclion from the 13th to 16th century. There are still many important monuments from this time. The medieval fort in the town is another important sight. The fort was built by Arabians, Byzantines, and Venetians while each group ruled the city.

Volos

Volos is a Greek city. It is in the center of Greece, in the district of Thessalia. 85,000 people live in the city. There are over 115,000 people in the city and its suburbs. The major suburb of Volos is Nea Ionia which is in the northwest of Volos. Volos is next to Pilio mountain. It is a coastal city and has a big harbor. Volos's harbor connects Volos with the Sporades Islands and other places. Near Volos are the ancient Greek towns, Iolkos, Dimitrias and Pagases. Volos is at the same place as Pagases. The hero Jason was from Iolkos. Today Volos is an industrial town.


Chalkida

Chalkida (or Chalkis) is a Greek town. Its population is 55,264 inhabitants according to the 2001 census. Chalkida is located to the north of Athens, on Euboea island. It is at the point where the Euboea is nearest to mainland Greece. At this point is the Eyripous narrow, a sea narrow, where there is a tidal phenomenon.

During antiquity, Chalkida was an important town. Its people were Ionian, an ancient Greek race. Chalkida had founded many colonies. Most of them were in south Italy. The Latin alphabet is an evolution of the ancient Chalkidian alphabet. During the Middle Ages Chalkida was an unimportant city. During the Lombardian knights' rule, Chalkida was developed again. Today Chalkida is an industrial town.

Act

Act or ACT has several meanings: 


Blow

Blow may refer to:


Tuskegee, Alabama

Tuskegee is a city in Macon County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 9,395 and is designated a Micropolitan Statistical Area. It has been the site of major African-American achievements for more than 100 years. It is where, in 1881, Lewis Adams founded the Tuskegee Normal School for Colored Teachers, which later became Tuskegee Institute and then Tuskegee University, with the mission of educating a newly freed people for self-sufficiency, and was the birthplace of Rosa Louise Parks in 1913. Today it remains a center for African-American education and became a part of the National Parks System in 1974. One of the most famous teachers at Tuskegee was George Washington Carver, whose name is linked to new forms of research into Southern farming method and crops. Tuskegee and Tuskegee Institute were also home to the famed Tuskegee Airmen, the first squadron of African-American pilots in the U.S. Military. The city is the county seat of Macon County, and is known as the home of Tuskegee University "The Pride of the Swift Growing South".


Tuscumbia, Alabama

Tuscumbia is a city in and the county seat of Colbert County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 9,054. It is included in The Shoals MSA. Tuscumbia is the hometown of Helen Keller and the location of the Alabama Music Hall of Fame.


Tuscaloosa County, Alabama

Tuscaloosa County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. It was named in honor of the Choctaw chief Tuskaloosa. In 2020, 227,036 people lived there.

Trussville, Alabama

Trussville is a city and suburb of Birmingham in Jefferson and St. Clair Counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. At the 2020 census, the population was 26,123.


Thomasville, Alabama

Thomasville is a city in Clarke County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 3,649. It is notable as the childhood hometown of author and storyteller Kathryn Tucker Windham, who refers to it often in her storytelling.

Tarrant, Alabama

Tarrant is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 6,124.

Tallassee, Alabama

Tallassee is a city in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is in both
Elmore County and Tallapoosa County. At the 2020 census, the population was 4,763. It is home to a major hydroelectric power plant at Thurlow Dam operated by Alabama Power Company.

Talladega, Alabama

Talladega (locally, ) is a city in Talladega County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 15,861. The city is the county seat of Talladega County. Talladega is about east of Birmingham, Alabama.

Troy, Alabama

Troy is a city in Pike County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 17,727. The city is the county seat of Pike County. It is home to Troy University (formerly Troy State University).


Dadeville, Alabama

Dadeville is a city in Tallapoosa County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 3,084. The city is the county seat of Tallapoosa County.

Tuskegee

Tuskegee may mean 

United States of America;

Other;

Daleville, Alabama

Daleville is a city in Dale County of Alabama in the United States. At the 2020 census, 4,866 people lived there. It is part of the Enterprise–Ozark Micropolitan Statistical Area. The city's nickname is "Gateway to Fort Rucker", as this U.S. Army post is just north of town. Cairns Army Airfield is to the south of Daleville on the road to nearly Clayhatchee.


Daphne, Alabama

Daphne is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, USA on the eastern shoreline of Mobile Bay. The city is located just off I-10, 11 miles east of Mobile, Alabama and 150 miles southwest of Montgomery the State Capital. The 2020 census lists the population of the city as 27,462, making Daphne the most populous city in Baldwin County.

Delmar, Alabama

Delmar is a small, rural, unincorporated community in west-central Winston County, United States. Delmar is located six miles north of Natural Bridge five miles south of Haleyville and 15 miles west of Double Springs, the county seat of what was once the "Free State of Winston." Delmar has an elevation of 881 feet above sea level.

Dora, Alabama

Dora is a city in Walker County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 2,297. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 7.5 square miles (19.5 km²), all of it land.

Demopolis, Alabama

Demopolis is the largest city in Marengo County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 7,162. It is the birthplace of A. G. Gaston, a successful black businessman and financial supporter of the American civil rights movement.

Juan Garcia Oliver

Juan García Oliver (January 20, 1901 in Reus, Baix Camp, Spain; died July 13, 1980 in Guadalajara, Mexico) was a Spanish Anarcho-syndicalist revolutionary, and a leading figure in the history of anarchism in Spain.



Don McLean

Donald McLean III (born October 2, 1945) is an American singer and songwriter. He is most well known for the songs "American Pie" and "Vincent".

In his early career, Don McLean mainly played folk music. He sang folk songs and played simple chords with acoustic guitar and harmonica. In 1969, Don Mclean joined folk singer Pete Seeger in the environment campaign. They gave talks and playing concerts to help people know some of the problems with the environment. Also in the same year, Don McLean released his first album "Tapestry". This album was not very successful. McLean continued to perform in many small places.

In 1971, Don Mclean released an eight minute long song named "American Pie". The song was dedicated to Don McLean’s music hero Buddy Holly. Much of the song was about the deaths of Holly, Ritchie Valens and The Big Bopper (J.P. Richardson) in 1959. It also dealt with many important events in American history. Quickly "American Pie" became the number 1 song in the United States. Don McLean became a superstar and drew many audiences to his concerts. In 2005, American Pie was voted 5th in the "365 songs of the century" list. His second single "Vincent", featuring Vincent Van Gogh's masterpiece "Starry Night", was also at the top of the UK and US charts in 1971. The song is played in Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam every day.

In the later 1970s, Don McLean tried other styles of songs. He was not as popular with these other styles. Bad sales of albums caused him to change recording companies from one to another. Finally, in 1980, Don McLean regained his popularity by playing "Crying", a song first sang by Roy Orbison. The song reached the first place in UK chart. 

Don is still writing and singing his own songs and performing in concerts.

The famous guitar player, Eric Clapton, spoke highly of Don McLean’s guitar playing skill after listening to his guitar performance. Also, Don McLean’s performance on stage once inspired Lori Lieberman to write the 1974 Grammy-winning song "Killing me softly with his song". Most of the successive folk singers entitled him with "US legend"

A (Cyrillic)

A (A, a) is the first letter of the Cyrillic alphabet.

It came from the Greek alpha. A long time ago, it was called "az" and stood for the number 1. It looks exactly the same as the Roman A.

All languages that use the Cyrillic alphabet say it as [ah].


Be (Cyrillic)

Be (Б, б) is the second letter in the Cyrillic alphabet.

It came from the Greek beta, along with the Cyrillic veh. Its old name was "buky". It stands for the Roman B.

The uppercase Б looks like a B with the top curve missing and the lowercase one looks like the number 6.

People say it as [b].


Bare-faced curassow

The bare-faced curassow ("Crax fasciolata") Spanish "muitu" is a species of bird in the Cracidae family, the chachalacas, guans, curassows, etc.
It is found in eastern-central and southern Brazil, Paraguay, and eastern Bolivia, extreme northeast Argentina, and Amazon Basin.


Accent (disambiguation)

The word accent has more than one meaning. Accent could mean any of the following:

Diacritic

A diacritic is a mark put above, below, through or on a letter. Some examples of diacritics are an acute accent or a grave accent. The word comes from the Greek word διακριτικός (transl. diakritikós, 'distinguishing').
Usually, it affects the way the word is said (pronounced). Most diacritics concern pronunciation because most alphabets do not describe the sounds of words exactly. Diacritics are rare in English, but common in many other languages.

English orthography often uses digraphs (like "ph", "sh", "oo", and "ea") rather than diacritics to show more sounds than can be shown with single letters of the Latin alphabet. Unlike other systems (such as Spanish) where the spelling shows how to say the words, English pronunciation is so varied that diacritics alone would not make it phonetic. By using digraphs we show sounds which are not shown by single letters.

Diacritics are not used much in modern English. Two types of diacritics have become part of everyday English: the dot above the "i" or "j" and the apostrophe. But they are no longer commonly thought of as being diacritical. The apostrophe is used to show missing letters (elision, "it's" to replace "it is") and show possession (as in "Mike's car").

In most other cases, use of diacritics for native English words is considered old-fashioned (not used anymore). Diaereses (similar to umlauts) can be used on words where two vowels next to each other are pronounced separately like "noöne", "reëstablished", or "coöperate" (two vowels pronounced "together" are a diphthong). This method is still used sometimes. Diacritics are sometimes used in loanwords (words of foreign origin), such as "naïve", "entrée", "pâté", "façade," which are French words.

Letter e: common are the acute accent é (rising voice, as in the French word née), grave accent è (lowering voice); "élève" has (from the left) acute, grave and silent e. The cedilla ç signals a soft c, sounding like an s in English. 

A different principle is illustrated by the circumflex î. This usually shows the loss of letter: e.g. maistre (Middle French) > maître (modern French). Thus its function is historical. Also, less often, the circumflex is used to distinguish between homophones. These are words spelt the same, but with different meanings. Example: "sur" = on, but "sûr" = safe. In those cases the pronunciation of the two words may be different.

In Spanish the acute accent simply signals stress, e.g. "educación". There the stress is on the last vowel, not on the usual second to last. Second to last vowel (syllable) is the usual position for stress in spoken Spanish. It is usually not signalled by a printed accent. Where the stress is in its usual place, the end consonant is often dropped in speech.

The tilde ñ is pronounced something like ny. It counts as a separate letter in their dictionaries, coming after n.

The double L is pronounced as our Y and LL is in Spanish dictionaries in its own section, after the single L section.

The umlaut ü in German is pronounced ue, and is less used in modern German. Historical name-spellings should always keep the umlaut if it was used for that name.

The Scandinavian languages treat the characters with diacritics ä, ö and å as new and separate letters of the alphabet, and sort them after z. Usually ä is sorted as equal to æ (ash) and ö is sorted as equal to ø (o-slash). Also, aa, when used as an alternative spelling to å, is sorted as such. Other letters modified by diacritics are treated as variants of the underlying letter, with the exception that ü is frequently sorted as y.

Scripts for semitic languages such as Arabic and Hebrew have a wide variety of diacritics. This is partly because the scripts for semitic languages were originally formed without separate letters for vowels, and partly because some of the languages (Arabic in particular) are spoken in a number of dialects. 

The diacritics in Hebrew and Arabic are not always used, however.

Everything as a service

Everything as a service("EaaS", "XaaS", "*aaS") is a concept of being able to call up re-usable, fine-grained software components across a network. It is a subset of cloud computing. The most common and successful example is software as a service (SaaS), but the term "as a service" has been associated and used with many core components of cloud computing including communication, infrastructure, data and platforms.

A number of vendors including Google, Microsoft, Hewlett Packard and Amido have been associated with the "everything as a service" trend.

Offerings tagged with the "as a service" suffix have a number of common attributes, including:

This kind of services can be divided into more specific types:



Lorraine Kelly

Lorraine Kelly CBE (born 30 November 1959, Gorbals, Glasgow) is a British television presenter and journalist. She is known for presenting the television programme on GMTV, "Lorraine".

Kelly helped start GMTV in January 1993. She presented a range of programmes, including the main breakfast show with Eamonn Holmes. Kelly writes weekly columns for "The Sun" and "The Sunday Post".

Kelly was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2012 New Year Honours for services to charity and the armed forces.

Kelly lives in Dundee. She is a Dundee United fan and attends most games.

Kelly was unable to present her show "Lorraine" due to a horse accident on 21 February 2012. Guest presenters then presented her show instead. After recovering she returned on 16 April 2012.

She is married to Steve Smith and has a daughter, Rosie.


George A. Romero

George Andrew Romero (February 4, 1940 – July 16, 2017) was an American-Canadian director, writer, editor and actor. He is known for his horror movies with zombie themes.

Romero was born in the Bronx, New York City to a Cuban-American father of Spanish ancestry and a Lithuanian-American mother. 

Romero went to Pittsburgh's Carnegie Mellon University. After graduating in 1960, he started directing short movies and commercials before moving onto horror movies. He and friends started a directing group called "Image Ten Productions" in the 1960s, and they made "Night of the Living Dead" (1968). The movie was directed by Romero and written with John A. Russo. It became a cult classic.

Later, Romero made "There's Always Vanilla" (1971), "Jack's Wife / Season of the Witch" (1972) and "The Crazies" (1973), "Martin" (1977), and "Creepshow" (1982). His most well-known movies are "Night of the Living Dead" and "Creepshow".

In 1978, Romero made another zombie movie called "Dawn of the Dead" (1978). The movie made over $55 million and was named one of the top cult movies by "Entertainment Weekly" in 2003. Romero made a third zombie movie called "Day of the Dead" (1985), which was less popular.

In the 1980s and 1990s, Romero made other movies such as "Monkey Shines" (1988) (about a killer helper monkey), "Two Evil Eyes" (1990), "The Dark Half" (1993) and "Bruiser" (2000) (about a man whose face becomes a blank mask).

In 1998, Romero made a commercial for Resident Evil 2.

Universal Studios made a remake of "Dawn of the Dead" in 2004, without Romero.

Romero divorced his wife, Christine Forrest. They have two children together. Romero then married Suzanne Desrocher in 2011. He became a dual American -Canadian citizen in 2009.

Romero died of lung cancer on July 16, 2017 in Toronto, Ontario at the age of 77.

Romero chose his favourite top ten movies of all time as: "The Brothers Karamazov", "Casablanca", "Dr. Strangelove", "High Noon", "King Solomon's Mines" (1950), "North by Northwest", "The Quiet Man", "Repulsion", "Touch of Evil" and "The Tales of Hoffman". "The Tales of Hoffman" is Romero's "favourite film of all time; the movie that made me want to make movies."





Fred Jones (Scooby-Doo)

Frederick "Fred" Jones, also known as Freddie, is a fictional character from Scooby-Doo. He is the official leader of Mystery Incorporated.

He has been voiced by Frank Welker ever since the character's first appearance in 1969. Freddie Prinze Jr. roles the portrayal of Fred in the two Raja Gosnell movies.
Zac Efron plays the voice of Fred in CGI animated film "Scoob!".Glenn Howerton played Fred in Velma.

In Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!, Fred is the one whose idea it is to solve mysteries and he is the one who says they should split up to look for clues. Fred always looks with Daphne Blake. Fred also gives Scooby-Doo and Shaggy Rogers Scooby Snacks to get them to do things that they think are dangerous. 

After Scrappy-Doo became a character, Scrappy liked to build traps for monsters but Shaggy and Scooby fell into them. So after Scrappy stopped being a character, Fred usually became the one who wanted to trap the monsters. 

After a crossover episode with Johnny Bravo, Fred started dating Daphne Blake.

In the live action movie Scooby-Doo, Fred takes the credit for whatever Velma does and doesn’t bother to help Daphne when she’s in danger. But later he and Daphne fall in love. 

In Velma, Fred is rich, makes insulting comments towards women and people from other races, is not smart enough to use a fork and thinks he’s better than everyone else. 

In Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated, Fred’s Origin story is that when he was three years old, The Mayor (also named Fred Jones) kidnapped him and told Fred’s parents that he would kill him unless they left. So Mayor Jones lied to Fred that he was Fred’s father. Fifteen years later, Fred found out that Mayor Jones tried to kill Fred’s friends so he sent him to Jail. Fred later met his real parents Brad and Julie Chiles but found out that they were working for the Villain so they tried to kill him with a Rocket launcher. They also kidnapped Fred and replaced him with someone else pretending to be him. Fred escaped and helped stop them. 

Standard Chinese

Standard Chinese, or Standard Mandarin, is the official modern Chinese spoken language used in mainland China and Taiwan and is one of the four official languages of Singapore. It is based off the Mandarin dialect and should not be confused with other varieties of Chinese.




Languages of Singapore

There are many languages in Singapore. The reason is that Singapore has a multi-ethnic society. The Singapore government recognises four official languages: English, Malay, Mandarin, and Tamil. Due to the Singapore's history, the symbolic national language is Malay. The local patois spoken on the streets is a creole called Singlish amongst the locals. It is known by academics as 'Singapore Colloquial English'.

English was introduced to Singapore by the British in 1819. The British established a port, later a colony, on the island. English had been the administrative language of the colonial government, and when Singapore gained self-government in 1959 and independence in 1965, the local government decided to keep English as the working language. It is not against the law to speak mother tongue during working hours. It is against the law to forbid people speaking their mother tongue anywhere at work as long as it does not harm the business and/or compromise safety at work.
The use of English as a common language serves to bridge the gap between the diverse ethnic groups in Singapore.

In schools, students are also required to take a Mother Tongue class, where they are either taught Mandarin Chinese, Malay or Tamil. 

As a result, most Singaporeans have at least conversational ability and basic literacy in a minimum of two languages: English, and the language that is used at home. Many more are conversant in three or more languages.

About 60% of Singapore's Indian population speaks Tamil as their native language. Other Indian languages include Malayalam and Hindi.

There are around 5,000 Peranakans living on the island, and they still use the Hokkien-influenced Malay dialect called Baba Malay.

A handful of Portuguese Eurasians still speak a Portuguese-creole known as Papia Kristang. The most fluent speakers however, come from the pre-war generation.


Stratovarius

Stratovarius is a Finnish power metal band that formed in 1983. Their material contains elements of symphonic metal, progressive metal and NWOBHM.




Sino-Tibetan languages

The Sino-Tibetan or Trans-Himalayan languages are a language family spoken in Asia. This includes Chinese and the Tibeto-Burman languages and some 250 other languages of East Asia. Kra-Dai languages and Hmong–Mien languages are also sometimes included.

The largest language group within this family are the Chinese languages by far with over 1.3 billion native speakers. It is also the one with the oldest writing (hanzi) going back to the Jiahu symbols in 6600 BC.

All these languages descend from a single proto-language. People are still working on what it sounded like.

Some researchers think the Sino-Tibetan languages very likely came from the Huanghe in North-Central China (Zhongyuan). Others think they came from much further west, in southwest China or even Northeast India.

Zhang et al. (2019) did a study of 109 Sino-Tibetan languages to suggest a Sino-Tibetan homeland in northern China near the Huanghe basin. He found there was a split between Sinitic languages and the Tibeto-Burman languages approximately 4,200-7,800 years ago (with an average of 5,900 years ago). This is connected with the expansion of the Yangshao culture and Majiayao culture. Others agree by using different data; they say it came from around 7,200 years ago, around the Cishan and early Yangshao culture.


Proto-Chinese and Proto-Tibeto-Burman had many different prefixes and suffixes. Proto-Chinese changed to Old Chinese around the Shang Dynasty. This is shown in the Book of songs. Nouns, verbs, and modifiers were all dependent on affixes (beginning of words) such as *s-, *p-, *-k. After the Warring State Period in China, Old Chinese started using tones. The suffix (end of words) *-s was also used.

The typical word order in Sino-Tibetan languages is object-verb. Modern Chinese, Bai, Karenic, and Mruic are exceptions.

SOV is likely the original word order. Over time Chinese became subject–verb–object. However, Chinese differs from almost all other VO languages in the world in placing relative clauses before the nouns they modify.

Sino-Tibetan may be related to the Altaic languages. Mang Mulin, a Mongolian linguistics professor at the Inner Mongolia Normal University, began studying the origin of Mongolian words in the late 1970s.

There are links between Sino-Tibetan, Austroasiatic (from South China), and Austronesian (from Taiwan) languages.

There may even be connections between Chinese and the native languages of the Americas (Na-Dene) and Western Eurasia (Yeniseian). 

Jens Johansson

Jens Johansson (born November 2, 1963 in Stockholm) is a Swedish power metal keyboardist and pianist. He is noted as one of the first and most influential "shred" keyboardists, for his high-speed neoclassical and fusion style.


 Jens interview in 2001.

"Some text taken from the 'Heavy Machinery' album booklet and Jens Homepage."

Timo Kotipelto

Timo Antero Kotipelto (born March 15 1969) is the vocalist of the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius and is the creator and vocalist of the power metal band Kotipelto.




Jörg Michael

Jörg Michael (born 27 March 1963) is a German drummer. 
Most of the bands Michael has played with are in the power metal genre. He is one of the most notable drummers of that style. Michael has played an important part in shaping the drumming characteristics of this genre. The first album he recorded was "Prayers of Steel" with the band Avenger (the band would later change their name to Rage). By the middle of the 1980s, he no longer worked with just one band, but worked as a studio session drummer. Because of this, he has been a part of many different bands and albums.

Lauri Porra

Lauri Porra (born December 13, 1977) is a Finnish bass guitarist. He is best known for his work in Stratovarius and Sinergy.

LK Today

LK Today was a British lifestyle programme hosted by Lorraine Kelly.

Velma Dinkley

Velma Dinkley is a fictional character in the cartoon series Scooby-Doo. Velma first appeared in the show Scooby-Doo, Where Are You! in 1969. In it she was the smartest one. Nicole Jaffe played her. 

In 1976, Pat Stevens started to play Velma for The Scooby Doo Show. She was voiced by Mindy Cohn in 2002-2015. Kate Micucci played her since then. The TV show Velma is a Spin-off prequel about her. In it, Mindy Kaling plays Velma. 

Gino Lucetti

Gino Lucetti (31 August 1900 – 17 September 1943) was an Italian anarchist. He was born in Carrara, Italy. He fought in World War I. Later he went to France, from where he returned to try to kill the Italian dictator Benito Mussolini. On September 11 1926, in the Porta Pia square in Rome, he threw a bomb against Mussolini's car, but without effect. Arrested, Lucetti was condemned to spend his life in prison. In 1943, Lucetti escaped from prison with the help of others, but died shortly during a bombing of Ischia.



Pierhead Building

The Pierhead Building is a building in Cardiff, Wales, UK. It was designed by William Frame, built in 1897, and is owned by the National Assembly for Wales. It is one of Cardiff's most famous landmarks.

Tibeto-Burman languages

The Tibeto-Burman family of languages (often considered a sub-group of the Sino-Tibetan language family) is spoken in various central and south Asian countries, including Myanmar (Burma), Tibet, northern Thailand, Vietnam, Laos, parts of central China (Guizhou, Hunan), northern parts of Nepal, north-eastern parts of Bangladesh, Bhutan, western Pakistan (Baltistan), and various regions of India (Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura, and both the Ladakh and Kargil regions of Jammu and Kashmir).

The subfamily includes approximately 350 languages; Burmese has the most speakers (approximately 32 million). Approximately 8 million Tibetans and related peoples speak one of several related Tibetan dialects or languages.


Yellow Emperor

Huang-di, (黃帝/黄帝 huángdì) or the Yellow Emperor, is a legendary Chinese sovereign and cultural hero who is thought to be the ancestor of all Han Chinese. One of the legendary Five Emperors, it was written in the "Shiji" by historian Sima Qian (145 BC-90 BC) that Huangdi reigned from 2497 BC to 2398 BC. His personal name was said to be Gongsun Xuanyuan (公孙轩辕). He became the chief deity of Taoism during the Han Dynasty (202 BC-220 AD). 



Hermit crab

The hermit crab is a type of crab that does not have a hard shell. They use old shells for protection. They especially like old whelk shells. When the hermit crab grows in size, it finds a larger shell.

The hermit crab is a crustacean, but it is very different from other crustaceans. While most crustaceans are covered from head to tail with a hard exoskeleton, the hermit crab is missing part of its exoskeleton. The back part where its abdomen is located, is soft and squishy. Thus, the minute a hermit crab molts into an adult, it sets out to find a shell in which to live.

To get into the shell, the hermit crab squeezes in backwards, using its four back legs to enter the shell. The back legs have hooks that anchor the hermit crab into the shell without difficulty. The next four legs are used for walking, while the front two are its chelipeds. The chelipeds are not equal in size: one is big and other is small. The larger one is used for grabbing prey and guarding the entrance to its shell. All together, hermit crabs have a total of ten legs, including the chelipeds and the rear legs used to anchor to the shell.

There are about 500 different species of hermit crabs around the world, and they have different colors, often with patterns like stripes and dots on their bodies. Most hermit crab species live on the ocean floor, but many live on land. Female terrestrial (land based) hermit crabs must return to the sea to breed.

Hermit crabs are omnivores (eating plants and animals) and scavengers (eating dead animals that they find). They eat worms, plankton, lime chips, and organic debris.

Hermit crabs first appeared in the Cretaceous period, before the Dinosaurs became extinct (died out). Fossils have been found where they have used Ammonite shells.

The reproductive (sexual) organs of hermit crabs are located near and just below the animal's heart and open to the outside at the base of the last pair of walking legs in the male. In the female, they are located at the base of the middle pair of walking legs. Female hermit crabs usually lay their eggs shortly after copulating (mating) but they can also store sperm (male sexual cells) for many months. The eggs are fertilised as they are laid by passing through the chamber holding the sperm. The eggs are carried and hatched in a mass attached to the abdomen inside the shell. The number of eggs is usually large, but depends on the animal's size.

Basic needs to keep pet Hermit Crabs: 

Alex Salmond

Alexander Elliot Anderson "Alex" Salmond (surname pronounced "SAM-MOND"; born 31 December 1954 in Linlithgow, Scotland) is a Scottish politician who is a former First Minister of Scotland and former leader of the Scottish National Party (SNP) which is a political party that wants Scotland to become an independent country from the United Kingdom. He is also the longest-serving First Minister of Scotland, with over seven-and-a-half years in office.

Alex Salmond studied at the University of St Andrews and became an economist at the Royal Bank of Scotland. Salmond became a Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Banff and Buchan at the 1987 General Election. In 1990, Alex Salmond became the leader of the Scottish National Party. He became a Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for Banff and Buchan at the 1999 Scottish Parliament Election and resigned as SNP leader in 2000.

Salmond became the party leader again in 2004 and stood in the 2007 Scottish Parliament election for the constituency of Gordon. At this election, the SNP received the highest number of seats and the highest share of the vote in Scotland, but did not have enough seats to form a majority government. The SNP then formed a minority government with Alex Salmond as First Minister.

Alex Salmond was against the 2003 invasion of Iraq and was one of several MPs who called for Prime Minister Tony Blair to be impeached. At the 2010 General Election, Alex Salmond stood down as a Member of Parliament but argued against the BBC's decision not to allow the SNP on the televised Prime Ministerial Debates.

On 19 September 2014, following the results of the independence referendum which confirmed a majority of the Scottish people had voted to remain as part of the United Kingdom, Salmond announced that he would be resigning as First Minister in November 2014. Salmond formally resigned as First Minister on 18 November 2014, with his deputy, Nicola Sturgeon taking office two days later.

First Minister of Scotland

First Minister of Scotland is the chief executive of the government of Scotland. The current First Minister of Scotland is Humza Yousaf of the Scottish National Party, since 29 March 2023 after Nicola Sturgeon resigned. The first was Donald Dewar, who died in office in 2000. Alex Salmond was the longest-serving First Minister with over seven-and-a-half years in office. The official residence of First Minister is Bute House in Edinburgh, Scotland.



The official residence of the First Minister is Bute House. It is located in Edinburgh.

Corinne Enaudeau

Corinne Enaudeau is a French philosopher. She is the daughter of Jean-François Lyotard.

A teacher in philosophy in the Lycée Henri-IV of Paris and the Lycée Janson de Sailly, she is also the program director of International College of philosophy of Paris.


People's Alliance for Democracy

The People's Alliance for Democracy (PAD) is a political pressure group in Thailand. It was originally a coalition of protestors against the government of Thaksin Shinawatra. It called for the resignation of Shinawatra and two later prime ministers, Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat. It is also called the National Liberation Alliance or the Yellow Shirts after the colour of the clothes they wear. It started from accusations of fraud against Shinawatra's business deals.

In November 2008, the PAD seized Donmuang and Suvarnabhumi Airports to force Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawa to resign. The airports had to close. In 2011 they camped outside Government House for almost 200 days to protest about government policy.

Supporters wear yellow shirts with a hat that has a Latin message "liberate" (). They wear a blue scarf and they use tools that to make the sound like clapping hands ().

Naresuan

King Naresuan The Great. (also known as Phra-Ong-Dam or Naret). He was born in the year of the Rabbit (Refer to Chinese Zodiac Year), B.E. 2098 (A.D 1555) at Jan Palace, Phitsanulok. His father was King Mahathammaracha and his mother was Queen Wisutkhasat. King Narasuan had one older sister named Princess Suphan Thewi (Supankanlaya) and one brother named King Ekathotsarot (Phra-Ong-Khao).

The Burmese King Bayinnong moved his troops to attack Ayutthaya, and he conquered it. So, he asked for King Naresuan as his adopted child while Naresuan was 9 years old. When Naresuan was 16, King Mahathammaracha wanted Naresuan to come back to be a viceroy of Phitsanulok and gave Princess Suphan Kanla Ya instead as the captive from Phitsanulok.

B.E. 2113 He fought with Khmer's troop and he won. 

B.E. 2114 He was established (set up) to be a governor of Phitsanulok when he was 16.

B.E. 2117 He fought at Viengjan, and he has a smallpox. So he came back to Phitsanulok.

B.E. 2121 He fought for driving out Phaya Jeen Jan Tu from Ayutthaya. 

B.E. 2127 He proclaimed peace at Krang province.

B.E. 2127-2130 Burman sent armies to attack Thai but Burman lost.

B.E. 2133 He reigned Ayutthaya when he was 35 years old.

B.E. 2135 Made war with Mang Ka Yoe Cha Wa.

B.E. 2138 and 2141 He fought with Hong Sa Wa Dee. 

B.E. 2148 He died at Tung Keaw, Hang luang when he was 50 years old.

South Thailand insurgency

The insurgency in Southern Thailand is a violent rebellion that is taking place in three southern provinces of Thailand. There are Naratiwat Pattani, and Yala. Most of the people that live in these provinces are not related to Thai people. They are Muslim Malays.

The rebellion started in the 19th century, when the British and the King of Siam agreed on the border between Siam and Malaya. The British took Kedah and Kelantan, and Pattani became part of Siam. The sultan of Pattani was removed and his kingdom was split into three provinces. Ever since then, the Malay people of this region have wanted to get their independence back, or to join Malaysia as a state.

The unrest in the southern provinces is one of the biggest problems in Thailand. There is an armed struggle against the government. There are many severe attacks on civilians too, mostly considered terrorism. Since it has happened, some Thai families had to move out from the site because the problems changed their lives. They were also scared of what would happen with them.

Triode

A triode (“valve” in British English) is a type of empty tube with wires in it (vacuum tube). It is not a vacuum tube diode, which has only two wires (electrodes), but has a third electrode, called the grid between the 2 wires (cathode and anode). 

The word “triode” comes from the word parts “tri” (three) + “ode” (way, road). 

When the cathode becomes hot, it gives out electricity particles (electrons). These electrons are then taken by the anode. This makes an electric movement (current), which is controlled by the grid. The grid “checks” how many electrons can pass through, and “eats” the extra ones. The grid lets the triode to be used as an electric amount changer (amplifier).

The grid can also quickly change the amount of electrons it lets through, so it can also be part of an oscillator and wave taker (detector). 

Philipp Lenard created the “grid” idea in 1902 to make an electron taker. The diode (Fleming valve) was created by John Ambrose Fleming in 1904. Lee De Forest and Robert von Lieben created the triode in 1908 from his original Audion diode of 1906. The triode is used as an amplifier (electric amount changer). The name triode was created because people needed to know which kind of vacuum tube it is, rather than a diode, tetrode, or pentode.

People wanted to talk to people far away. They used triodes to talk, by triode radio receivers and triode radio transmitters. At first they only sent Morse code but better triodes later allowed talking by radio.

The triode transmitters were so good that they replaced the crystal transmitters to make the new listening devices (earphones). 

This made the first way of talking far away, creating the beginning of radio broadcasting around 1920. This made far away telephones better.

Then the Bell Telephone group made even better telephones that can catch waves that traveled about 800 miles. They put the first transcontinental telephone line on January 25, 1915 .

Then people started putting more wires inside, to 4 wires (tetrode, by Walter Schottky in 1916) to 5 wires (pentode, by Gilles Holst and Bernandus Dominicus Hubertus Tellegen in 1926).

The triode was used in other devices (radios, televisions, and audio systems) until it was beaten by the transistor in 1947, ending the time of the triode.

Today triodes are used in wave throwing and hot making. Triodes are also starting to be used in good electric audio machines and music machines. They are also used in glow makers (vacuum florescent displays, (VFDs), and there are different types of glow makers, but all use triodes.

Radios and telephones are also wave takers, so it is used in them. But it is too big, so from 1960 to 1969, the transistor has mostly replaced it. It is an ancestor of the transistor. It is still used in vacuum tube amplifiers.

Today, the triode is still used in iPods and radios and heaters to heat and to take waves.


List of prime ministers of Thailand

Thailand has had 26 prime ministers since it changed from a monarchy to a democratic regime.

Colour key (for political coalitions/parties):

General categories: (12) (7) 

Defunct political parties:

Active political parties: (6) (1) (1) (1) (1)

Suvarnabhumi Airport

Suvarnabhumi Airport (; IATA: BKK, ICAO: VTBS), also unofficially known as Bangkok Airport, is the main international airport of Bangkok, Thailand. It is located in Bangchoung, Rachatawa, Noungprue and Bangphli district Samutprakarn province. The area of the airport is about . It is six times bigger than Don Mueang International Airport, the other international airport serving Greater Bangkok.

The Thai government gave a budget of about 150,000 million baht (US$4.9 billion or 3.7 billion euro) to build this international airport. This included investment of Government service and State Enterprises of 137,000 million baht ($4.46 billion), and private company about 13,000 million baht ($423 million). The airport could support the passengers more than 45 million people. It was designed by Helmut Jahn.

International airlines included of 102 airways and 142 cities. There are:


Most domestic airlines fly from Don Mueang Airport, but the following airlines fly from Suvarnabhumi:


Sanam Luang

Sanam Luang is a big field in front of Wat Phra Kaew and the Grand Palace in Bangkok, Thailand. Sanam Luang has another name, Tung Pra Me'ru (meaning cremation field). It was used for cremation of the King and his royal relatives. In 1855, King Rama IV changed the field's name to Sanam luang, announcing that the old name was thought unlucky. 

King Rama I used Sanam Luang to officiate ceremonies. Then in King Rama V's era, Sanam Luang was extended and the buildings around it were destroyed. The people used Sanam Luang to perform ceremonies instead of growing rice. 

In King Rama VI's era, Sanam Luang was used for horse racing and part of the field was turned into a golf couse. 

At present, the Thai people still use Sanam Luang to officiate royal ceremonies for the King, princes and princesses. Sanam Luang is an important national site.

Baltistan

Baltistan or Baltiyul (Balti: སྦལཏི་ཡུལ།), also known as Nang-Kod (ནང་ཀོང) by the Tibetans and Tibet-i-Khurd (Little Tibet) by the Mughals, is a historical region in northeastern Pakistan. It borders Xinjiang Autonomous Region and Tibet of China. It lies in the Karakoram mountains just to the south of K2, the world's second highest mountain. It is an extremely mountainous region, with an average altitude of over 3,350 m (11,000 ft). It is inhabited principally by Balti Tibetan people following Islam.

Baltistan has always been divided into many sovereign kingdoms and states ruled by different dynasties, like the Khaplu Kingdom ruled by the Yabgo dynasty and the Shigar Kingdom ruled by the Amacha dynasty. It was united under a single empire "Makpon Empire" by Gyalpo Ali Senge Anchan. In 1840 after the decline of Makpon Kingdom, Baltistan came under the Dogra rule, but the principalities of Shigar and Khaplu continued their nominal rule. 



Balti language

Balti (སྦལ་ཏི་སྐད།) or Bhotia is Tibetic language spoken in the Baltistan region of Gilgit Baltistan northeastern Pakistan and a few neighboring villages of the disputed territory of Indian-administered Kashmir. The language is an archaic dialect of the Tibetan language, but many of the consonants of Classical Tibetan that are silent in most modern Tibetan dialects are pronounced in Balti.

Greeks used the word Byaltae instead of Bal-ti, which in Tibetan means water gorge. The historian Ptolemy who was also a general in the army of Alexander the Great had named the region (Byaltae) in his book. Baltistan is the Persian translation of the native term "Baltiyul" meaning “The Homeland of Balti”. The people belonging to Balti nationality are settled on both banks of the river Indus from Turtuk (in the east) to Haramosh (in the west) and from Karakoram range (in the north) to Deosai plains (in the south). Majority of Balti language speakers are of Tibetan origin. However people from Indus Plains (Monpa's) and Central Asia (Horpa's) migrated to this area in different periods of ancient times, on account of different reasons and after merging in the prevailing Tibetan society, they also speak the Balti language, which is a branch of the ancient Tibetan language. Small pockets of Brokskat, Purgi, Changthang and Ladakhi also exist in Baltistan.

The Balti people are a very forbearing, cheerful,brave and hospitable people. They ruled the area of Ladakh and Western Tibet under the Makpon reign (from 12th century to 1840 A.D.).

There are several Balti communities in Pakistan's urban areas farther south, that is in Lahore, Islamabad, in Karachi and other places.

The Balti language has kept many words like all other Tibetan dialects and many other languages. Below are a few examples:



Raja

Raja ( (rājā)) is a Sanskrit word for "king" and is used as a title for monarchs in South Asia and South East Asia.

The title has a long history in the Indian subcontinent and Southeast Asia, as it is found in the Rigveda. It can also be used as a name for non-royal people in South Asia.
In Pakistan, Raja is still used by many Muslim Rajput clans as titles. "Raja" is also used as a name by Pakistani Muslims and Indian Hindus, Sikhs and Muslims. It is also used as a name and title by Bengali Muslims.




Raja (disambiguation)

A Raja is a type of monarch. This is sometimes spelled "Rajah".

Raja may also refer to:


In popular culture:

Rajais the given name or surname of:


Rajah (disambiguation)

Rajah may refer to:






Pushim

PUSHIM is a Japanese reggae singer. Her real name is Paku Pushin. She was born in Osaka on November 16, 1975, and started to sing in 1995. She released her first single in 1999. She has strong and deep voice. Her younger sister, YOUNGSHIM, is also a reggae singer.

She began performing in the Kansai reggae scene in 1995. In 1998, she did back-up vocals for the Refugee Camp's "It's Too Late", a Carroll King cover. After signing with Sony Music Japan, she recorded and released her first single called "Brand New Day" on June 19, 1999. It receive a lot of critical acclaim. In September of 1999, she released a second single called "Strong Woman". It was also a success and she sold many copies. The following spring, her debut album "Say Greetings" was released. Her latest album is "Sing A Song... Lighter!". It was released in 2006, with Luciano appearing on one track.


Headset

A headset is a headphone with a microphone. People can listen to sound with headphone and can record sound with a microphone. A headset is easy to use because it can be used without hands, just like a telephone. A person only needs to put the headset on his/her head and then can talk with a mic. Many people use headsets at the computer so they can converse and type easily. Headsets normally have only one speaker like a telephone, but also can be made with speakers for both ears.

Nowadays there are wire headset and wireless headset, which means there's no wire between the computer and the headset. It works by radio waves. A wireless headset can be put in a pocket or a bag easily due to its small size. This can be used for soundproofing.

The inventor of the headset is Nathaniel Baldwin, but his version could not be sold to people. The second headset is the US Army's headset for airplane pilots in World War I.

Headset is made up of two parts. They are input part and output part. From input part, headset receive sound signal. And from output part, headset receive sound signal and generate sound.

Endoscopy

Endoscopy means to "look inside". This often means looking inside the body for medical reasons with an endoscope.

An endoscope is a medical instrument that is made to see parts inside a patient's body. This has the advantage that observations and certain operations can be done without opening up the body. Whatever precautions are taken, an open body part is always at risk of infection.

The endoscope has a long tube to enter the patient's body and a tiny camera or lens attached to the front of this tube. It is usually inserted into patient's nose, mouth, or anus, so surgeons can see what is going on. If necessary, various actions can be taken.

An endoscope has at least some of these parts:

Endoscopy can involve 

Supercomputer

A supercomputer is a computer with great speed and memory. This kind of computer can do jobs faster than any other computer of its generation. They are usually thousands of times faster than ordinary personal computers made at that time. Supercomputers can do arithmetic jobs very fast, so they are used for weather forecasting, code-breaking, genetic analysis and other jobs that need many calculations. When new computers of all classes become more powerful, new ordinary computers are made with powers that only supercomputers had in the past, while new supercomputers continue to outclass them. 

Electrical engineers make supercomputers that link many thousands of microprocessors.

Supercomputer types include: shared memory, distributed memory and array. Supercomputers with shared memory are developed by using a parallel computing and pipelining concept. Supercomputers with distributed memory consist of many (about 100~10000) nodes. CRAY series of CRAYRESERCH and VP 2400/40, NEC의 SX-3 of HUCIS are shared memory types. nCube 3, iPSC/860, AP 1000, NCR 3700, Paragon XP/S, CM-5 are distributed memory types.
An array type computer named ILIAC started working in 1972. Later, the CF-11, CM-2, and the Mas Par MP-2 (which is also an array type) were developed. Supercomputers that use a physically separated memory as one shared memory include the T3D, KSR1, and Tera Computer.

"Organizations"
"Centers"




Hydrogen car

A hydrogen car is a vehicle that uses hydrogen as fuel. Other vehicles can use hydrogen in a similar way, such as an aircraft.

Hydrogen is the simplest and the most abundant element in the universe. Even though it is simple and there is so much of it, hydrogen does not occur naturally as a gas on Earth. It is always combined with other elements. Hydrogen has a large amount of energy. An engine that uses pure hydrogen as fuel makes almost no pollution.






In principle, fuel cells are electrochemical devices similar to batteries that convert the chemical energy of a fuel directly and very efficiently into electricity (Direct current) and heat, thus doing away with combustion. Unlike a battery, a fuel cell does not run down or require recharging. It will produce energy in the form of electricity and heat as long as fuel is supplied. 

A fuel cell consists of two electrodes sandwiched around an electrolyte. Oxygen passes over one electrode and hydrogen over the other, generating electricity, water and heat. Layers of materials with distinct electrochemical properties are sandwiched together to form a single galvanic cell. At the heart lies a membrane that can only be crossed by charged molecules. Gas-permeable electrodes coated with a catalyst adhere to this membrane, adding a layer on either side. The electrodes are in turn connected to a device that can utilize electricity. Hydrogen gas flows into channels on one face of the cell and migrates through that electrode, while the same occurs with oxygen gas along the opposite electrode. Spurred by a catalyst, favorable chemistry causes the hydrogen to oxidize into hydrogen protons and give up its electrons to the neighboring electrode, which thereby becomes the anode. This buildup of negative charge then follows the path of least resistance via the external circuit to the other electrode. It is this flow of electrons through a circuit that creates electricity.

The most important problem involved is hydrogen storage materials. If it uses a fuel cell that generates electricity through reaction between hydrogen and oxygen, it does not matter. However, if the method is that hydrogen is sprayed to internal-combustion engine, it does matter. Now hydrogen storage tank with highest possibility is method using metal hydride. Metal hydride is that reversible reaction between metal and hydrogen make new form of compound. Now Hydrogen storing technology using Hydrogen storage compound metal comes to practical use step in the side of technical, however, hydrogen storing capacity per weight is no match for demand of user, so this technology is not widely used yet. Therefore, that problem should be solved.

Standard-definition television

Standard-Definition Television is a kind of television system that provides lower resolution than HDTV and higher resolution than analog TV does. 
The word 'SDTV' is generally used at the digital television broadcasting system that has a similar or litle bit higher state of resolution to the 'analog television system'. Digital broadcasting system uses digital signals when they receive sound and movie. It is compared to analog TV that uses analog signals.

According to an NTSC standard, SDTV broadcasts in three ways.
First, at ratio of length and width 16:9 and resolution 720x480.
Second, at ratio 4:3 and resolution 704x480 
Lastly, at ratio 4:3 and resolution 640x480.
The first one has best quality, second one is next, and the last one is the worst.
The screen's frame can be 24, 30, 60 per second. These are similar level with DVD.
As mentioned at the 'Definition' tab, it has a better resolution than analog TV system, and has lower resolution than HDTV.
Because it is a kind of digital broadcasting system, it can broadcast not only analog TV programs but also HDTV program (Of course there exists a difference in resolution).

SDTV has a similar state of resolution compared to analog TV. But SDTV is more vivid than
analog TV because it has less noise. And it has better sound. The point that SDTV uses a digital broadcasting system makes SDTV have many accompaning functions. For example, multitasking, electronic program guide, and so on. This functions are 
impossible at analog TV. Compared to HDTV, it has lower resolution. But in fact, HDTV programs are not spread widely yet, and the cheaper price of SDTV makes consumers to use SDTV.

Generally, there are three types of TV. They are analog TV, SDTV and HDTV.Price : AnalogTV < SDTV < HDTVQuality : AnalogTV ≒ SDTV < HDTVAnalogTV only can be compatible with analog signals, but both SDTV and HDTV can be compatible with not only analog but also digital signals.

Thermocouple

A thermocouple, TC for short, is a device that converts heat directly into electricity. A thermocouple can also work in reverse - using an electric current to transform into heat as well as cold.

Imagine that two wires made of different types of metal are connected at one end. If the junction of the two wires is heated, electricity will flow through the wire. 

Electrons, when heated, will begin to cross the junction on their own. Because of the different properties of the different metals, the electrons will lose potential energy and gain kinetic energy, just like a ball rolling over a hill to a lower area. Although the voltage created by a thermocouple is very small (in the millivolt range), many thermocouples can be hooked together to make a larger voltage. This is called a thermopile.

Thermocouples can also generate heat from electricity, and even cold from electricity, acting as a refrigerator. If two different wires are connected at both ends, and some voltage source makes current flow through the loop, one junction will get hot and the other junction will become cold. The electrons at the hot junction are gaining kinetic energy as they cross the junction. This is why they make the metal hot. The electrons at the cold junction are losing kinetic energy as they cross the junction. This is why they make the junction cold.

It is difficult to measure the precise voltage that a thermocouple is producing when heat is applied to its junction. This is because any voltmeter wires that are connected to the thermocouple will probably be made of a different material than the wires of a thermocouple. This means that the connection between the voltmeter and the thermocouple is itself another thermocouple. Engineers designing microchips face the problem that virtually every electrical connection on a microchip is a thermocouple whether they want it to be or not.

Gas heaters with pilot flames are one of the most famous examples for the use of thermocouples. Thermocouples are stacked to make a thermopile, which can generate enough voltage from the heat of the pilot flame to keep the gas valve open which in turn supplies the gas for the pilot flame. If the gas runs out, the flame extinguishes and the voltage across the thermopile decreases, which causes the electric gas valve to close. Many space probes get their electric power from a thermocouple in a radioisotope thermoelectric generator.

Thermocouples are also used in other ways. For instance, they monitor temperatures in air conditioning and refrigerators, and of CPUs in computers, which could be destroyed by overheating.

There are hundreds of thermocouples, but only eight of them are standardized internationally.Type E (chromel–constantan), type J (iron–constantan), type N (nicrosil–nisil), type T (copper–constantan) and type K (chromel–alumel) are base metals.Types B, R, and S thermocouples use platinum or a platinum–rhodium.

Control engineering

Many processes in nature regulate themselves. This means that based on some measurement, they change a setting or a variable, so that it is more or less constant. Examples in nature are animals that have a constant body temperature, blood pressure, or blood sugar level. The predator-prey equations are another example. 

Control engineering is about the same thing: Building a system that can regulate one parameter (usually: keep it constant), often with a feedback loop that allows the value of the parameter to be measured. It is a field of engineering. It uses mathematical models of dynamic systems, and control theory. If they are well-designed, the controllers will cause the system to behave in some desired, predictable manner. Modern control engineering is closely related to electrical, electronic, and computer engineering. As engineering continues to develop, control engineering is often wanted.

In most cases, control engineers make use of feedback when designing control systems. For example a machine's speed is continuously checked and fed back to the system, which then adjusts the motor's spin power. Recently, control systems are also used in nanotechnology. In chemical engineering, control engineering is known as process control. Many advancements in science, finance, and even human action, can be attributed to control engineering. 

Many control systems rely on feedback. However, there are also control systems that work without feedback. Such a system is known as an open-loop control. An open-loop controller, also called a non-feedback controller, relies only on the model and the input signal fed to the system. An example of open-loop control can be found in washing machines, which work by running pre-programmed cycles but, most importantly, do not rely on any measurements of the speed of the barrel or water volume to adjust the machine.

DKNY

DKNY (Donna Karan New York) is the label of fashion designer Donna Karan.

Lanett, Alabama

Lanett is a city in Chambers County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 6,970. Lanett is located in eastern Alabama, on the Chattahoochee River, northeast of Montgomery. One of the major industries is cotton milling. The city's name is derived from Lanier and Bennett, founders of the West Point Pepperell Co.

La Fayette, Alabama

LaFayette is a city in Chambers County, Alabama, United States. It is 47 miles (76 km) northwest of Columbus, Georgia. It is the county seat of Chambers County. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 2,684.

The Chambers County School District provides public education for LaFayette. Within the city limits are two high schools (Lafayette High School and the Chambers County Career Technical School), one middle school (JP Powell Middle School), and one elementary school (Eastside Elementary School).

Chambers Academy (grades pre-K through 12) is a private school in LaFayette.


Leeds, Alabama

Leeds is a city in Jefferson, St. Clair, and Shelby Counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, 12,324 people lived there.


Charles Barkley

Charles Wade Barkley (born February 20, 1963) is an American former professional basketball player. Nicknamed "Sir Charles" for his aggressive and outspoken behavior, and "The Round Mound of Rebound" for his unusual build and talent as a player, Barkley established himself as one of the National Basketball Association's (NBA) most dominating power forwards.

For a power forward, Barkley had an extremely versatile offensive game. He was not considered a great player at the defensive end. He is referred to as Chuck Barkley by many of his friends.

Barkley had many nicknames over the course of his college and pro career, making him one of the basketball players, and persons, with the most nicknames. Some of the other nicknames include "The Chuckster" and "The Chuck Wagon". Barkley is regarded as one of the best rebounders in the history of the game.

Many people view him as the greatest player who did not win an NBA championship during his career, although others argue for players such as Karl Malone, John Stockton and Patrick Ewing. Often considered the best power forward in the league (NBA), people did not agree with his totalitarian views. He is an analyst on the television show "Inside the NBA". The program features host Ernie Johnson with analysts Kenny Smith and Shaquille O'Neal.


William C. Oates

William Calvin Oates (either November 30 or December 1, 1833 – September 9, 1910) was a Confederate colonel during the American Civil War. He became a brigadier general in 1898, and also fought in the Spanish–American War.

In between he was a Democratic member of the Alabama House of Representatives from 1870 to 1872, a member of the United States House of Representatives for Alabama from 1881 to 1894, and Governor of Alabama from 1894 to 1896. 

William C. Oates was born in Pike County, Alabama. He studied law and passed the bar examination, opening a practice in Abbeville. Oates died in Montgomery, Alabama, and was buried there in Oakwood Cemetery. 


Walter Jones (American football)

Walter Junior Jones (born January 19, 1974) is an American football offensive tackle for the Seattle Seahawks team in the National Football League. He was selected by the Seattle Seahawks with the sixth overall pick in the first round of the 1997 NFL Draft, a pick obtained from the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in a trade. Jones left Florida State University prior to his senior season after being selected to the second team College Football All-America Team. On April 29, 2010, He announced on his Twitter account that he was retiring.


George T. Anderson

George Thomas Anderson (February 3, 1824 – April 4, 1901) was a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. Nicknamed "Tige," Anderson was noted as one of Robert E. Lee's hardest-fighting subordinates. He was wounded at the Battle of Gettysburg.

After the war he worked as a policeman and a tax collector. He is buried in the Edgemont Cemetery, Anniston, Alabama.

William Clark Falkner

William Clark Falkner (July 6, 1825 or 1826 – November 6, 1889) was a soldier, lawyer, politician, businessman, and author in northern Mississippi. He is most notable for the influence he had on the work of his great-grandson, author William Faulkner.

Although born in Knox County, Tennessee, Falkner lived with his family in Missouri and Pontotoc, Mississippi before settling at the age of 17 in Ripley, Tippah County, Mississippi. He served in the Mexican-American War and, when the American Civil War broke out, he raised a company of men and was made colonel in the Second Mississippi Infantry of the Confederate Army.



Islamic terrorism

Islamic terrorism is a kind of terrorism. The terrorists claim their religion, Islam, or how they interpret it is their motivation. Islam demands terrorism from all.

Some Islamic scholars say that it is wrong to kill innocent people. Some Islamic terrorist groups are Al-Qaeda, Boko Haram, and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. However, there are hundreds of and many more terrorist attacks . 

However, it is stated in the Qur'an that "You must not go too far; Allah loves not those who do.""You must resist them until the persecution is done away, and prayers are only to Allah; if they cease fighting, you must not invade anyone but the unrighteous." Islamic terrorists use these verses as their to commit acts of terror against non-Muslims as well as Muslims from other branches of Islam.


Electric vehicle

An electric vehicle is a vehicle that uses electricity to move. Its wheels are driven by electric motors.

Electric vehicles were one of the first kinds that did not use horse or human power. Electric trains and cars were built in the 1830s, and in the early 1900s there were more electric cars than gasoline-powered cars. But cars powered by gasoline or diesel fuel become the most common kind of car for most of the last 100 years.

Electric vehicles have long been used in some special cases, such as forklifts used inside a building, , trolley bus or certain vehicles used around airplanes at an airport. Early in the 21st century people are using more electric and hybrid vehicles again as a way to reduce pollution and use less gasoline.

It is unclear who the first inventor was, but Ányos Jedlik of Hungary built a small model of a working electric car in 1828. In the 1830's Robert Anderson of Scotland, Professor Stratingh of Holland and Thomas Davenport, a blacksmith from Vermont all built electric vehicles. Davenport is said to be the inventor of the DC electric motor. In 1865, Gaston Plante of France made a better battery. In 1886, the inventor Frank Sprague of Connecticut made important changes to the electric motor.

Great Britain and France were early leaders in making better electric cars. Interest in the electric car in the United States grew after 1891 when A. L. Ryker built a three-wheeled electric car, and William Morrison built a six-passenger wagon.

The years 1899 and 1900 were the best years for electric cars in America, as they outsold all other types of cars (steam, gasoline and diesel). One example was the 1902 Phaeton built by the Woods Motor Vehicle Company of Chicago, which had a range of 18 miles, a top speed of 14 mph and cost $2,000. (At that time, there were few good roads between towns, so most driving was for short distances). Electric cars could go as far as steam-powered cars and did not take 30 to 40 minutes to get started. Gasoline engines were smelly and noisy.
But then the internal combustion engine (that used gasoline and diesel) were greatly improved, and cars that used those engines could go much farther and faster than other cars.

Some people would make electric cars in their garages by taking out the engine and putting in an electric motor and batteries, but for a long time, no big car company made an electric car. Only in the late 1990's did big car companies start making electric cars again. The most famous was the GM's EV-1. Now interest in alternative fuel vehicles is growing.

These types of cars do not have any kind of internal combustion engine, but are driven entirely using electric motors, which gets its power in different ways other than an engine.

A hybrid is a combination of two things. In this case, it is an electric motor, and another type of power, such as an engine. Because of this, hybrid vehicles are not true electric vehicles.

There are many other types of electric vehicles. A trolley bus (also called a trackless trolley) uses overhead electric lines to power it. Many trains use a railway electrification system to supply power. A few high-speed rail lines use powered magnets in the track to move the train, in a system called 'mag-lev' (magnetic levitation). There are electric bicycles and motorcycles and some tricycles (trikes) like the Corbin Motors Sparrow, which was also seen in the Austin Powers movie Goldmember.

Most freight trains are diesel-electric. The locomotive has a diesel engine which provides electricity, and an electric motor which makes the wheels turn. In recent years, however, there are buses and trains that store their power in a battery or use some other source like fuel cells. These kinds of vehicles do not need wires.

Advantages: 

These vehicles use an electric motor, so they are very quiet, no smell and no pollution from exhaust gases that is why UK is considering stopping sale of diesel, petrol and hybrid vehicles by 2035. They can even be used indoors, in tunnels and mines. Petroleum for vehicles is a limited resource - it will not last forever and is becoming more expensive. If the electricity for a battery-electric vehicle comes from a renewable energy source, like a windmill, solar cells, geothermal or hydroelectric, then it will not produce as many global warming gases.

Electric vehicles save on operating costs. An electric vehicle can be fully charged for max $20 where full tank of fuel will cost $50-60. Maintenance is also cheaper (E.g. No Oil Change, No Check Engine Light).

Electric bicycles also have benefits and advantages. If you have a short daily commute to work or store, it is suggested to get an electric bicycle instead of a car. They are way cheaper and cost you less to run. Also an exclusive advantage of electric bikes are discounts and coupons. Many retailers offer discounts to attract customers and to stand out from the rival retailors. There competition always ends up in advantage of customers. 

Disadvantages: 

Batteries have limitations such as a relatively low energy storage capacity and heavy weight, advancements in technology are continually being made to improve these factors. While charging times can be longer than refueling with gasoline, charging infrastructure is rapidly expanding, making it more convenient for drivers to recharge their vehicles. While battery costs are currently high, they are expected to decrease as demand for electric vehicles increases. Additionally, electricity can be produced from renewable sources such as wind and solar, which reduces greenhouse gas emissions and helps combat climate change.

Daniel Weisiger Adams

Daniel Weisiger Adams (May 1, 1821 – June 13, 1872) was a noted lawyer and a brigadier general in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.


Lynchburg, Virginia

Lynchburg is an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains along the banks of the James River. Lynchburg is known as the "City of Seven Hills" and "The Hill City". It is sometimes called "A City Unto Itself" because of the city's historical avoidance of State and Federal entanglements.

At the 2020 census, 79,009 people lived in Lynchburg.

Electronic engineering

Electronic engineering is an engineering discipline that investigates the use of electricity and magnetism. Electronic engineers are concerned with such processes as: the use of radio waves, the design of electronic circuits, the design of computer systems, and the development of control systems such as aircraft autopilots and other embedded systems.

The term 'electronic engineering' started to emerge increasingly in the late 1950s. Before World War II, electronic engineering was most commonly known as a 'radio engineering'. At that time, studying radio engineering at a university was part of a physics degree. Later, as other electronic devices were developed, the field broadened to include radar, television, audio systems, Hi-Fi and later computers and microprocessors. In the mid to late 1950s, the term 'radio engineering' gradually gave way to the name 'electronic engineering', which then became a stand-alone university degree subject.

Engineers must study the sciences of physics and mathematics as these help to understand systems and make them better. Today most engineering work involves the use of computers and it is commonplace to use computer-aided technologies when designing electronics systems. Some electronic engineers work in robotics. 

George Armstrong Custer

At the start of the Civil War, Custer was a cadet at the United States Military Academy at West Point, and his class's graduation was accelerated so that they could enter the war. Custer graduated last in his class and served at the First Battle of Bull Run as a staff officer for Major General George B. McClellan in the Army of the Potomac's 1862 Peninsula Campaign. Early in the Gettysburg Campaign, Custer's association with cavalry commander Major General Alfred Pleasonton earned him a brevet promotion from First Lieutenant to Brigadier General of United States Volunteers at the age of 23.

Custer remained in the Army after the Civil War and served as an officer in the Indian Wars. He died with all this men in the Battle of Little Big Horn in 1876.


Irvine, North Ayrshire

Irvine (Gaelic: "Irbhinn") is a coastal new town in North Ayrshire, Scotland. 
Irvine was the site of Scotland's 12th century Military Capital and former headquarters of the Lord High Constable of Scotland, Hugh de Morville. It also served as the Capital of Cunninghame. 

The town was once a haunt of Robert Burns, after whom two streets in the town are named: Burns Street and Burns Crescent. He is known to have worked in a flax mill on the Glasgow Vennell. Despite being classed as a new town, Irvine has had a long history stretching back many centuries and was classed as a Royal Burgh. There are also conflicting rumours that Mary, Queen of Scots, was briefly involved in the town's history. Some say she stayed briefly at Seagate Castle. To this day there is still an annual festival, called Marymass, held in the town. 
Irvine is the birthplace of the present Deputy First Minister of Scotland, Nicola Sturgeon and the former First Minister of Scotland, Jack McConnell. Its twin town is Saint-Amand-les-Eaux in northern France just outside Lille.

North Ayrshire

North Ayrshire (Gaelic: "Siorrachd Inbhir Àir a Tuath", ) is one of 32 council areas of Scotland. It borders onto the areas of Inverclyde to the north, Renfrewshire to the north east, and East Ayrshire, and South Ayrshire to the East and South respectively.

The area was created in 1996 as a successor to the district of Cunninghame which covered exactly the same boundaries. The mainland portion of the council area has historically been part of a greater County of Ayr, however it also contains the islands of Arran, Great Cumbrae and Little Cumbrae in the lower Firth of Clyde. All the islands were previously in the County of Bute.







Charles Kennedy

Charles Peter Kennedy (25 November 1959 – 1 June 2015) was a British politician.

From 9 August 1999 until 7 January 2006, he was the leader of the Liberal Democrats, the third largest political party in the United Kingdom.

In the 1983 General Election he stood for the Ross, Cromarty & Skye constituency, then held by the Conservative MP and Minister, Hamish Gray. In a shock result, Kennedy was elected (for the SDP): at 23, he became the youngest MP in the House of Commons. Ambitious and popular, he quickly emerged as a potential party leader. In 1994, by which time the SDP and the Liberal Party had merged, he became President of the Liberal Democrats - a position he held for four years. In 1999, on the resignation of Paddy Ashdown, Kennedy was elected party leader.

He took the party through two General Elections. However, he faced criticism for his laid-back leadership style, and there was considerable speculation regarding his alcohol consumption. From December 2005, some within the party were questioning his leadership and calling for a leadership election. On 5 January 2006, Kennedy was informed that ITN would be reporting that he had received treatment for a drinking problem. Kennedy decided to pre-empt the broadcast and admit his drinking problem openly. He called a leadership election at the same time, stating that he intended to stand. The admission of a drinking problem seriously damaged his standing within the parliamentary party. As support for him amongst this key group ebbed away, Kennedy resigned as leader on 7 January, saying that he would not be standing in the leadership election. Deputy leader Sir Menzies Campbell took over as interim leader and was elected as leader on 2 March 2006.

Kennedy was born in Inverness, Scotland. He was married to Sarah Gurling from 2002 until they divorced in 2010 and has a son.

Kennedy died on 1 June 2015 at his home in Fort William from haemorrhage due to his alcoholism, aged 55.

East Ayrshire

East Ayrshire () is one of 32 council area of Scotland. It borders North Ayrshire, East Renfrewshire, South Lanarkshire, South Ayrshire and Dumfries and Galloway. With South Ayrshire and the mainland areas of North Ayrshire, it formed the county of Ayrshire.

The area was formed in 1996, from the former Kilmarnock and Loudoun and Cumnock and Doon Valley districts.

Kilmarnock is the largest town. Other towns are New Cumnock and Cumnock.

The HQ for East Ayrshire Council is on London Road Kilmarnock





Digital Multimedia Broadcasting

Digital multimedia broadcasting, or DMB, is a technology that allows sending digital signals to mobile devices, such as mobile phones. This makes it possible to listen to radio or watch television on such devices. It was developed in South Korea.

This technology was developed to replace analog radio broadcasting. It can transmit not only sound data but also DVD quality movie data.

DMB is based on Eureka 147 DAB standard which is the European standard. DMB meets the ETSI standard (TS 102 427 and TS 102 428). Now, Republic of Korea can exercise for source of the DMB technology, the satellite DMB broadcast first began in Japan than in the Republic of Korea. In the March 13, 2004, TU Media playing a leading role in business and satellite DMB insert the world's first satellite for with Japan's partner, MBCo DMB 'hanbyeol'. However, In Republic of Korea, selection process for operators was long and put off service, the MBCo in Japan became first DMB country to start the full service all 40 channels from 19 October 2004.

DMB can be received, when attach DMB receiver to the vehicle, or buy mobile phone has the ability to receive DMB, personal portable receiver or receiver which type of output to the monitor when connect personal computer. But there was a problem that the satellite DMB and earthly DMB is not compatible with each other, so user should purchased each terminal separately. However, the Samsung throw open the door to watch satellite DMB and earthly DMB one of the terminals by come out with SPH-B4100. But TU Media side,the satellite DMB service provider rejected the plan, the possibility of the activation of these two-way receiving terminal is currently unclear.

Comparing with terrestrial digital television and digital satellite broadcasting, terrestrial digital television is clear screen even though you are on the high-speed vehicles, but it is limited with range, and lack of channels is disadvantages.

Retrovirus

A retrovirus is any virus which copies itself as part of the cell's DNA by reverse transcribing its RNA. Since the cell cannot proofread the step in which RNA is converted back to DNA, errors often go unnoticed. This changes the exact sequence of a retrovirus' RNA frequently. This makes it harder for retroviruses to be attacked by drugs.

HIV is a retrovirus, which makes it very difficult to overcome using drugs.



Hurricane Gilbert

Hurricane Gilbert was a very powerful tropical cyclone which caused much damage to the Caribbean, Mexico and parts of South Texas in the 1988 Atlantic hurricane season. Before Hurricane Wilma in 2005, Hurricane Gilbert was the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic in terms of Barometric pressure.

This hurricane was similar to Hurricane Beulah and Hurricane Allen, but Hurricane Gilbert was unique in many ways. Gilbert killed 341 people and left $5.5 billion in damage.

In addition to Beulah and Allen, Hurricanes Charlie (1951), Emily during 2005 and Dean in 2007 had tracks similar to Hurricane Gilbert. Emily and Dean were Category 5 hurricanes.

Because Gilbert left a powerful impact, the name Gilbert was retired. The name "Gordon" was used in 1994, 2000, and 2006.

Aberdour

Aberdour is a town in Fife, Scotland. It is between Dalgety Bay and Burntisland.

Kirkcaldy

Kirkcaldy is a large town in Fife, Scotland. It is on the north shore of the Firth of Forth, almost opposite Edinburgh.

Rosyth

Rosyth is a town in Fife, Scotland. It is between Inverkeithing and Dunfermline.

Rosyth is most famous for its naval dockyard. Superfast Ferries services between Rosyth and Zeebrugge (Belgium) ended in September, 2008, however they will be operated by another operator, Norfolkline, with services starting around May 2009.

Faro, Portugal

Faro is the capital city of Algarve, Portugal. The city has a population of 58,305 people.

Politically, Faro was founded in the 10th century by Moors who remained in the region for the following five centuries, until the Christian conquest. They were responsible for many of the structures in the region, such as the main castle, but also for the many names that dotted the region's toponymy, as well as the legends and myths that developed by its peoples.

The village of Faro was taken from the Moors in 1249, during the reign of D. Afonso III, by Paio Peres Correia, Master of the Order of Santiago. The Christians gave thanks for their success to the Virgin Mary, and in an expansion of faith, Nossa Senhora da Alva ("Our Lady of the Dawn") was named patron saint of Faro, as a result of the mythical legend of the "Conquest of the Castle".

Faro obtained a foral ("charter") from 12 November 1280, issued by King Denis of Portugal in Estremoz, it was the first charter issued by the king in the Algarve. On 1 June 1504, King Manuel of Portugal reformed the diplomatic map issued by King Denis, and promoted the town with the title "Nobre e Honrada" ("Noble and Honoured").

Following the Restoration War, in the reigns of King Afonso VI and his brother, regent (then King) Peter II, the coastal lands were infested with Barbary pirates that anchored in the coastal coves and unprotected anchorages, then attacked and pillaged the local towns. Carrapateira was erected between two beaches, where pirates could easily disembark: Praia da Bordeira (to the north) and Praia do Amado (to the south). From these beaches, Barbary pirates targeted local homes, kidnapping many and selling them into slavery in the markets of Algiers. Similarly, in Arrifana, which formed a small cove protected by strong waves and easy access to the sea. Therefore, in the 17th century, they national government constructed the Fort of Arrifana; erected in 1635, rebuilt in 1635 and 1670, it was originally established to protect a fishing port that existed by 1516.

Homogeneity

Homogeneity is a word that means being similar. It is often applied to mixtures. Mixtures that are "homogeneous" are those where it is not possible to tell the components they are made of by looking at them. The mixture will also look the same everywhere. Pure substances are homogeneous.

Rhea (bird)

The rheas are flightless birds of the genus "Rhea", native to South America. They are ratites, which means they are large flightless birds with no keel to their breastbone or sternum.

The greater or American rhea (also called the 'Nandu') is a large, flightless bird from forests of South America. This ratite is the largest bird in the Americas. It is a fast runner; and when it runs, its neck is almost horizontal to the ground. Rheas congregate in flocks of 20 to 30 birds. The lesser or Darwin's rhea, "Rhea pennata", is mostly found in the southern part of South America.

Rheas eat mostly plants, fruits, seeds, and nuts, but also will also eat insects and other small animals (like lizards).

The female rhea lays 12-30 yellow-cream eggs in a clutch. The male digs the nest (a simple scrape in the ground), incubates the eggs (for 6 weeks), and raises the chicks. Rheas are mature at 2 years of age.

It was once thought that ratites were all one monophyletic group, which evolved together in Gondwana in the Upper Cretaceous. Then they evolved in their separate ways as Gondwana split up, and the parts drifted apart. The parts became the modern southern continents, plus Africa and the Indian subcontinent.

However, modern genetic analysis conflicts with this. DNA analysis shows that the ratites diverged from one another too recently to share a common Gondwanian ancestor. However, all analyses show that rheas and the living Australasian/Oceanian ratites "are" monophyletic.

Edward Porter Alexander

Edward Porter Alexander (May 26, 1835 – April 28, 1910) was an engineer, an officer in the U.S. Army, a Confederate general in the American Civil War, and later a railroad executive, planter, and author. 


Washington, Georgia

Washington (originally called Heard's Fort) is a city in Wilkes County, Georgia, United States. The population was 3,754 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of Wilkes County.

Araluen, New South Wales

Araluen () is a small town 27 km south of Braidwood, New South Wales. It is in the Southern Tablelands area of New South Wales, Australia. It is in Queanbeyan-Palerang Regional Council local government area. It is on the banks of Araluen Creek. The creek joins the Deua River. 

The name 'Araluen' is an Australian Aboriginal word. It is believed to mean 'water lily' or 'place of the water lilies'. When European settlers arrived Araluen was a wide alluvial valley. It had many billabongs covered with water lilies. No billabongs exist in the Araluen valley today. The natural shape and look of Araluen Creek and its valley were completely destroyed by uncontrolled and very destructive gold mining. This took place during the 'gold rush' in the second half of the 1800s.

The first Europeans to explore the area were Kearns, Packer and Marsh in 1822. Andrew Badgery started farming cattle in the area in the 1830s. The first European settler to live at Araluen was Henry Burnell. He was able to buy 1280 acres of land. He started farming sheep and cattle in 1835. With the help of convicts he was able to build a farm house and farm buildings.

Gold was found at Araluen by Alexander Waddell in September 1851. Thousands of people came to Araluen to look for gold during the gold rush. This included many Chinese gold miners. One of these miners was Quong Tart who came to Araluen when he was only nine years old. He later became a famous business man in Sydney. In the 1860s there were more than 20 hotels in Araluen. The gold was alluvial gold, found in the bottom of the creeks. In some places there was up to 12 metres of dirt and sand on top of the gold. In the 1870s the gold miners used hydraulic sluices (high pressure water hoses) to wash away all the sand and dirt. Big floating dredges (digging machines) were put in the creek. There were 11 there in the 1900s. The last dredge stopped working in 1932.

A flood in the Araluen and Braidwood area killed 24 people on January 1, 1860. The flood destroyed the town. After the gold rush was over most people left the town. The Court House, built about 1861, is now used as a place for tourists to stay.

In May 1865 the bushranger Ben Hall and his gang tried to hold up the Araluen gold coach. The coach carried gold from the Araluen gold fields to Braidwood. This was a very steep road and very hard for a wagon pulled by horses to travel along. Often the only way to goods in and out of the valley was to drag them up or down on sleds. The wagons could not go very fast, so this was a good spot for the bushrangers to rob the coach. The gold coach usually had a policeman with a gun sitting next to the driver. There were two more policemen on the back of the carriage. Four more policemen rode on horses in front and behind the coach. The gold was kept in a safe which was bolted to floor of the coach. (The coach has been restored and is on display at the Braidwood Museum)
. The police were able to keep the bushrangers away from the coach, but Constable Kelly was wounded in the shooting.

The Araluen valley is now well known for its fruit farms and orchards. The fruit is sent to Canberra, Sydney and to other countries.

Australian poet, Henry Kendall (1839-1882), wrote a poem called Araluen. This describes the quiet and peaceful mood of the valley. It includes the words ""Araluen -- home of dreams..."". He also called his first daughter Araluen. She was named after the Araluen Creek. She died in 1870 at the age of 13 months.

Araluen is home to author Jackie French.

In November every year, the Braidwood Folk Music club have a weekend of folk music called "Music at the Creek". This is held at the Majors Creek reserve, near the site of the Ben Hall robbery.

The Araluen Zieria (Zieria adenophora), is a small shrub about 50cm tall and 50 cm wide. It is only found in one place, a slope above the Araluen Creek. There are only 56 known plants. It has been listed as Endangered under the Australian government's Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999. It is also listed by the New South Wales Government, Endangered (Schedule 1, Part 1) on the NSW Threatened Species Conservation Act 1995. There is now a plan to protect the plant. These plans include:


Bill Henson

Bill Henson (born 7 October 1955) is an Australian art photographer. Bill Henson's works provoked a controversy; at one of his exhibitions, police found images of nude teenagers. Police first wanted to charge Henson for child pornography, but then did not. Instead, the exhibition was rated "parental guidance". This means that people under 16 should be accompanied by their parents.

Kempen, Germany

Kempen is a town in Germany. It is about northwest of Düsseldorf, and east of Venlo. It was once a center of textile making, silk, cotton, and linen.
Kempen can also refer to a different town that used to be part of Germany but in 1920 was given to Poland and now has a Polish name.

Kakapo

The Kakapo ("Strigops habroptilus") is the only parrot which cannot fly. It lives in grassland, scrubland and coastal regions of New Zealand, but is now so rare they can only be seen on protected offshore islands. Kakapo means 'night parrot' in the Māori language.

Kakapos are most active at night (nocturnal) and like to be alone. To keep other kakapos out of their territory, they make a 'skraaarking' sound. The Kakapo can live for about 60 years.

Kakapo are herbivores. They eat roots, seeds, leaves, small pine cones, fruit, and flowers.

Unlike other parrots, male kakapos gather together to compete with the other males and call females with a deep booming sound. There are 2 to 3 eggs in each set of eggs laid. The eggs are laid in a hollow part of a tree. The female incubates the eggs for 10 weeks. She only leaves the eggs when she leaves to find food.

Kakapo had almost no natural animals that wanted to eat it on the islands of New Zealand where they live and lose the ability to fly. At one time, there were many kakapos. Now only about 150 kakapos still live in New Zealand. It is a critically endangered species. The decrease in the number of kakapo is mostly from predatory animals (for example, cats, dogs, stoats, ferrets, and rats) that settlers brought with them to New Zealand. The kakapo was also eaten by Māori and Europe settlers.

Before humans brought mammals like cats and stoats, the main predator of the kakapo was flying birds of prey. Birds of prey find animals to eat by looking for them from above. The kakapo would stand very still, so the bird of prey would not find it. But cats and stoats can find animals to eat by smelling them. Standing still did not help the kakapo escape from cats and stoats.

At one point, the kakapo was almost wiped out. Conservation efforts began in the 1890s but were not very successful until the Kakapo Recovery Plan in the 1980s. As of January 2009, surviving Kakapos have been kept on two predator-free islands, Codfish (Whenua Hou) and Anchor islands, where they are closely monitored. Two large Fiordland islands, Resolution and Secretary, have been prepared as self-sustaining ecosystems for the Kakapo.

The conservation of the Kakapo has made the species well known. Many books and documentaries detailing the plight of the Kakapo have been produced in recent years, one of the earliest being "Two in the Bush", made by Gerald Durrell for the BBC in 1962. A feature-length documentary, won two major awards at the Reel Earth Environmental Film Festival.

Two of the most significant documentaries, both made by NHNZ, are "Kakapo - Night Parrot" (1982) and "To Save the Kakapo" (1997). The BBC's Natural History Unit also featured the Kakapo, including a sequence with Sir David Attenborough in "The Life of Birds". It was also one of the endangered animals that Douglas Adams and Mark Carwardine set out to find for the radio series and book "Last Chance to See". An updated version of the series has been produced for BBC TV, in which Stephen Fry and Carwardine revisit the animals to see how they are getting on almost 20 years later, and in January 2009, they spent time filming the Kakapo on Codfish Island.

Stud poker

Stud poker is a variation of poker where players are typically dealt a total of five or seven cards, with the best five card poker hand winning (in situations where more than one player has the same poker hand, like a flush or straight, the winning hand is determined by whichever player has the highest one).

Stud poker has neither community cards nor blinds. Instead, each player at the table must ante first, and then is dealt two cards face down (hole cards) and one card face up. In typical stud games, the player with the lowest card showing must pay the ‘bring in,’ an amount relative to the limits, which starts off the action.

The bring in is typically a fraction of the limits, (for example, the bring in for a $1/2 stud game may be $.25), with play then continuing clockwise around the table, where players have the choice of folding, calling the bring in, or making the bet ‘complete’ (in our example, completing the bet to $1). Once a bring in has been completed, it can be raised by a subsequent player, doubling the amount to twice the completed bet.

Each player remaining in the hand is then dealt another card face up, with the betting beginning with the player showing the highest two cards and proceeding clockwise around the table. Again, players can fold, call, or raise the bet. In a five card stud game, players are dealt two hole cards facedown, then two cards face up, with the fifth card being dealt facedown. In a seven card stud game, players are dealt two hole cards facedown, then four cards face up, with the seventh card being dealt facedown.

Betting takes place between each dealt card and generally becomes a higher amount after the fourth card dealt. Each round of betting is typically referred to by the number of cards a player has in front of them. After the initial deal, players are considered to be betting on ‘third street’, represented by having three cards in front of them. After the fourth card is dealt, players would then be on ‘fourth street’, and so on. Stud poker is generally played as a limit game. 



Gundagai

Gundagai is a town in New South Wales, Australia. It is a small town, but authors often write about Gundagai. It is seen to be the typical Australian country town. It is built on the banks of the Murrumbidgee River. It is near the Muniong and Yambla Mountain ranges. Gundagai is 390 km south-west of Sydney. Gundagai is part of the Gundagai Shire Council Local Government Area. In 2006 there were 1,998 people living in Gundagai.

The bushranger, Captain Moonlight, is buried in the Gundagai Cemetery.

Parkes, New South Wales

Parkes is a city in New South Wales, Australia. In 2006 there were 9,826 people living in Parkes. It is the centre and main city of the Local Government Area of Parkes Shire. Parkes is on the main Australian transcontinental railway line between Sydney and Perth. The Newell Highway between Victoria and Queensland goes through the city.

Parkes has had an important role in science. it is the home of the Parkes Radio Telescope. As well as local research done at the radio telescope, Parkes scientists have helped NASA. For several missions the telescope was the Southern Hemisphere relay and communications station. The movie "The Dish" was based on the job of the telescope during the 1969 Apollo 11 moon landing.

There are many different kinds of farms around Parkes. Most farms are growing wheat and sheep.

Parkes is has a gold and copper mine, Northparkes, north of the town.

Parkes was an important transport centre after the railway was built in 1893. Many passenger and freight trains stopped at Parkes up until the 1980s. Governments began cutting back the NSW country rail systems and the trains are no longer an important part of Parkes. One company, FCL has a big train and truck transport centre at Gooobang Junction on Parkes' western edge. It was opened on 20 October 2006 by NSW Premier Morris Iemma. Specialised Container Transport's transport terminal is built on a 296 hectare site. It has 5 km of railway sidings, a 7,400 square metre warehouse and about 40 people work there. An even larger terminal to be built nearby is also being planned.

Over the years governments and businesses have talked about making Parkes an "inland port". Parkes Regional Airport would be made much bigger. This would become a starting point for goods coming from Australia and other countries that were to be sent to places in NSW, Victoria and Queensland. All the studies have been done, agreements to start building have been made, some land has been bought.

The Roads and Traffic Authority of NSW has the Western Regional Office built in Parkes. Country Energy which supplies electricity and gas has a training and maintenance (repair) centre.

Many people come to Parkes to see the CSIRO radio telescope which is 20km north of town on the Newell Highway. other things to see are Bushmans Hill, and the War Memorial Lookout. Nearby there is the Goobang National Park, and Peak Hill. peak Hill has an open cut mine (a big hole in the ground) that can be visited during holidays. There are also many great parks.

Parkes was started as a settlement in 1853. It was first called "Currajong" after the many kurrajong trees in the local area. After a while it was called "Bushman's" after the local gold mine named Bushman's Lead.

In 1873 the town was renamed to Parkes in honour of Sir Henry Parkes. He is called the "Father of the Federation". Sir Henry Parkes is famous in Australia for getting Australia to become one country in 1901. Before this Australia was made up of separate British colonies.

A lot of people came to Parkes in the gold rush of the 1870s. There are still mining companies with sites in the local area.

Parkes has a dry climate. The winter temperatures are rarely lower than 0 degrees Celsius during the night. In summer daytime temperatures can be as high as 40 to 45 degrees Celsius. Temperatures in the low to mid-30s are most common.

Parkes has a local bus service run by Western Road Liners. It took over from Harris Bus Lines in March 2006. The Indian Pacific train also stops twice a week. The Broken Hill Outback Xplorer service, run by CountryLink, goes to Broken Hill on Mondays and to Sydney on Tuesdays. Parkes railway station is situated on the Broken Hill railway line. It was opened in 1893. There was also a small station at Parkes Racecourse from 1923 to 1937.


Parkes hosts a yearly Elvis Presley Festival in early January to celebrate Elvis Presley's birthday. The first festival, held in 1993, was a one night show with 200 people coming along. Over the next few years more events were added and the festival was extended to two days. By January 2005 the 3,500 people came to the festival. In January 2006 there were 5,000 going to the festival. It brought about $8 million into Parkes.

The 2007 festival had over 60 events and was held over 5 days. More than 6,000 visitors attended. A new world record was set for the most Elvis impersonators (people trying to look like Elvis) in one place. SBS TV made a half-hour film about the festival. It was called "Elvis Lives in Parkes". It was shown on Australian TV on 10 January 2007. The festival is still getting bigger with more than 8,000 visitors in 2008.

Weddings Parties Anything

Weddings Parties Anything (sometimes called WPA and Weddoes) were an Australian folk rock band. They started in 1984 in Melbourne, Victoria. The band stopped playing together in 1998. They took their name from The Clash song "Revolution Rock". Music expert Billy Pinnell said their first album "Scorn of the Women" was the best first Australian rock album since Skyhooks' album "Living in the '70s".




Mink

Minks are small, short-legged members of the Mustelid family. The mink is an aggressive mammal that is adapted to a semi-aquatic life. Mink live in swamps, rivers, marshes, lakes and streams in North America, Europe, and the far west of Asia. Mink have a life span of about 8 to 10 years. The common name 'mink' includes animals in two different genera on two different continents.

Minks are carnivores (meat-eaters). They eat small mammals (like mice, rats and muskrats), frogs, crayfish, fish, insects, eggs, and ducks.

Owls, wolves, coyotes, and bobcats prey on the mink.

The breeding season is April to May. It takes 45 to 52 days after mating for birth to take place. A mink litter normally has 6 to 10 cubs (kittens).

Id, ego, and super-ego

The Id, ego, and super-ego are ideas created by Sigmund Freud. They are three concepts used to explain the way the human mind works.

Freud describes the human mind as interaction of id, ego, super-ego. The ego, and to some extent the super-ego, is conscious or on the surface. The id remains unconscious. Together they make up the personality.

According to this model of the psyche, the id is the set of uncoordinated instinctual trends; the ego is the organized realistic part; and the super-ego plays the critical and moralising role.

The id, ego and super-ego are functions of the mind, "not" parts of the brain. They do not correspond one-to-one with actual structures of the kind dealt with by neuroscience.

The id represents a constant in the personality as it is always present. The id is governed by the 'pleasure principle'.

Early in the development of his theory Freud saw sexual energy as the only source of energy for the id. After the tragedy of World War I, however, Freud felt it necessary to add another instinct to the id. So, he proposed thanatos, the death instinct. Thanatos accounts for the instinctual violent urges of humankind. Obviously, the rest of the personality would have somehow to deal with these two instincts. By adding thanatos, he could describe more mental phenomena. His idea of id had wide influence.

The id is unconscious by definition: 

The ego is the sense of self and the surface of the personality, the part you usually show the world. The ego is governed by the 'reality principle', or a practical approach to the world. It seeks to turn the id’s drive to behaviour which brings benefits in the long term rather than grief.

Conscious awareness resides in the ego, although not all of the operations of the ego are conscious.

The ego separates out what is real. It helps us to organise our thoughts and make sense of them and the world around us. 

But the ego "serves three severe masters...the external world, the super-ego and the id". Its task is to find a balance between primitive drives and reality while satisfying the id and super-ego. "Thus the ego, driven by the id, confined by the super-ego, repulsed by reality, struggles...[in] bringing about harmony among the forces and influences working in and upon it, and readily 'breaks out in anxiety".

The Super-ego aims for perfection and the ideal outcome. It comprises that part of the personality, mainly unconscious, which includes the individual's ego ideals, spiritual goals, and the psychic agency (commonly called "conscience") that criticises and prohibits his or her drives, fantasies, feelings, and actions. 

The superego consists of two parts, the conscience and the ego-ideal. The conscience is the familiar metaphor of angel and devil on each shoulder. The conscience decides what course of action one should take. The ego-ideal is an idealized view of one's self. Comparisons are made between the ego-ideal and one's actual behavior. Both parts of the super-ego develop through experience with others or via social interactions. According to Freud, a strong super-ego serves to inhibit the biological instincts of the id, while a weak super-ego gives in to the id's urgings. Further, the levels of guilt in the two cases above will be high and low, respectively.

MTV Unplugged in New York

MTV Unplugged in New York is a live album by the American rock band Nirvana. It was recorded on November 18, 1993 as a part of the "MTV Unplugged" television series, which many artists and bands perform on with acoustic instruments instead of electric ones. It was released on November 1, 1994, six months after the band had broken up because of the death of Kurt Cobain, who was the lead singer and guitarist.

It was unusual compared to other artists on the "MTV Unplugged" series, because Nirvana played mostly their less-famous songs and cover versions of other artists' songs. Most artists on the program played mainly their hits.

Four singles were released from the album. This was unusual because it was a live album. The singles were "About a Girl", "The Man Who Sold the World", "Where Did You Sleep Last Night", and "Lake of Fire". All of these except for "About a Girl" were covers.


List of Roman emperors

This is a list of the Roman emperors:

Many of them were murdered by relatives, enemies, friends, and soldiers.






Note there were also numerous usurpers ("fake" emperors) including:

Salicaceae

Salicaceae is a family of flowering plants. Each plant has either staminate or pistillate catkins. The flowers have no petals or sepals. Each has a small scale-like bract below it. These developing catkins on willows form the well-known "pussy-willow" branches.

Except for two species of "Populas" (Cottonwood), all the members of "Salicaceae" in the Bay Area are of the genera "Salix" (Willows).

Krist Novoselic

Krist Anthony Novoselic (born May 16, 1965) is an American rock musician. He is most famous for being the bass player for the grunge band Nirvana with Kurt Cobain and Dave Grohl. When Cobain died in 1994, Nirvana broke up. Grohl moved on to form the band Foo Fighters, and Novoselic has been mostly involved in politics. He was also the bassist for the American punk band Flipper between 2006 and 2009. Novoselic was born in Compton, California. He was raised in San Pedro, Los Angeles.

The Hush Sound

The Hush Sound is an indie rock band originally known as "The Hush". They changed their name when they found out that there was a rapper called "The Hush." 

The Hush Sound has released three albums. Their first album, "So Sudden", was released in 2005. Their second album was released in 2006, titled "Like Vines". "Goodbye Blues", their third and latest album, and was recorded in released in March 2008.

The Hush Sound is currently on a break.

By the start of 2005, the band had formed properly with all its members. They had decided that piano and drums were not enough and looked for bass and guitar.

Pete Wentz from Fall Out Boy came across the band's music and liked what he heard. He expressed interest in signing them onto his record label.

The Hush Sound had their first major tour in 2006. It was called Black Clouds and Underdogs. Other bands included Fall Out Boy and Hawthorne Heights.


Piggy bank

A piggy bank is used to collect coins. It is shaped like pig and comes in various colors and sizes. It is often used by parents to teach their children how to save money. It is not certain about why it is a called piggy bank and how it was started.

Some people say that "Piggy" was "Pygg" at first. Pygg is a clay that was used to make a bowl or vase to store salt or money.

Doenjang

Doenjang is a Korean soybean paste. It is salty and savory, and is used to season many kinds of Korean food. It is similar to Miso, Japanese soybean paste.

The history of Doenjang begins before the period of three kingdoms. Books from the Chosun dynasty explain the way to make good Doenjang, saying that if doenjang in a house tastes bad, food in the house tastes bad. This means doenjang has been an important food in Korea for a long time.

The main ingredients of Doenjang are sea water and "Meju". The basic way to make Doenjang is to take Mejus and put them into big jars with sea water. Bad bacteria and odor are removed by adding charcoal and sun-dried chili peppers. Liquid is then taken out to make Korean soy sauce. This sauce takes about 20 to 30 days to make. The Mejus are taken out from the jar and tempered. Salt and soy sauce is added on this paste and the paste is put in jars again. After sun-drying for several days, it becomes Doenjang.

There are several kinds of Doenjang; Chungukjang, Makjang, Dambukjang, BbamjangBbagaejang, Patjang, Jipjang, Garoojang, and Borijang. Each is made in different ways using different ingredients or at different times of the year. For example, Chungukjang is made within two to three days, whereas the other take longer time to make. Patjang uses red bean. Makjang is made in Spring.
Moreover there are several attempts to improve doenjang using additional ngredients, such as green tea.

Many traditional Korean foods, which are well known as healthy food, uses Doenjang as their ingredients. Doenjang Jjigae and Chungukjang JJigae are examples of this.
Also, Korean have doenjang when they eat Ssambop, Samgyupsal, etc.

According to recent research, Doenjang has several materials that prevent cancer. Doenjang is very nutritious. Since Doenjang is a fermented food like yogurt and cheese, it is said that the older it is, the better it is.


Ioannina

Ioannina is a Greek town in the northwest of Greece, in Ipiros district. Ioannina is the capital of Ioannina prefecture and Ipiros periphery. 67,384 people live there. Ioannina is built on the bank of Pamvotida lake. Around Ioannina there are many tall mountains. Beside the town is Mitsikeli mountain. In the east of Ioannina is the Pindos range. 

Ioannina is built next to the lake which is named Pamvotida or Ioannina's lake. Ioannina has a small port on the lake which connects Ioannina with the island of the lake. The island of the lake is a small island with very importants monuments and buildings. These buildings have been built during Ottoman period and Byzantine period. 

Ioannina has many places of interest. The most interesting place is the castle beside the lake. Many old churches are also very interesting places. There are many interesting sites on the lake's island about which we mentioned above. 

Lamia

Lamia is a Greek city in the center of Greece. According to the 2001 census, 50,551 people lived there. Lamia is built at the foot of the hill on the top of which there is a castle. During the Middle Ages Lamia was named Zitouni but today is named with its ancient name, Lamia. Around Lamia there is a big plain, so Lamia is an agricultural city. At the side of plain there are many tall mountains. They are named Timphristos, Oiti and Othris. 

Punjab Hill States agency

The Punjab Hill States Agency was an administrative unit of British India. The agency was created in 1936, and was made up a number of princely states in the present-day Indian states of Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand.

In 1901 the Punjab States Agency was created, in 1936 the hilly parts of this became the Punjab Hill States Agency. The states came under British rule after the Anglo-Nepalese War of 1814-16, and were known as the Simla Hill States. They later became part of the British province of Punjab, apart from Tehri-Garhwal, which was part of the United Provinces.

After Indian Independence in 1947, the states acceded to the Government of India, most of the states became the new state of Himachal Pradesh, with Tehri-Garhwal becoming part of Uttar Pradesh. In 2000, the northern portion of Uttar Pradesh, including the former state of Tehri-Garhwal, became the new Indian state of Uttarakhand.

Patiala and East Punjab States Union

The Patiala and East Punjab States Union (PEPSU) was a former state of India. It was created out of the merger of several Punjabi princely states on 15 July 1948, formally becoming a state of India in 1950. The capital and principal city was Patiala, and the last Maharaja of Patiala, Yadvindra Singh, served as Governor of the state during its short existence. The Governor was appointed by the President of India, but the people of the state also elected a 60-member state assembly, first elected on 6 January 1952. The Congress Party won 26 seats and the Akali Dal 19 seats.

On 1 November 1956, PEPSU was merged into Punjab state. Part of the former state of PEPSU, including the southeastern portion of the state around Jind and the Narnaul enclave, presently lie within the state of Haryana, which was separated from Punjab on 1 November 1966.

West Punjab

West Punjab was a former province of Pakistan which existed from 1947 to 1955. The province covered an area of ,including much of the current Punjab province and the Islamabad Capital Territory, but excluding the former princely states of Bahawalpur. The capital was the city of Lahore and the province had four divisions (Lahore, Sargodha, Multan and Rawalpindi). The province was bordered by the former Indian state of East Punjab to the east, the princely state of Bahawalpur to the south, the provinces of Balochistan and Sindh to the southwest, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to the northwest, and Azad Jammu and Kashmir and Occupied Kashmir to the northeast.

The independence of Pakistan in 1947 led to the divisions of the Punjab province into two new provinces. The East Punjab where most people were Sikh and Hindu became part of the new nation of India while the mainly Muslim West Punjab became part of the new nation of Pakistan. The name of the province was shortened to Punjab in 1950. West Punjab was merged into the province of West Pakistan in 1955 under the One Unit policy announced by Prime Minister Chaudhry Mohammad Ali. When that province was dissolved, the area of the former province of West Punjab was combined with the former state of Bahawalpur to form a new Punjab Province.

At independence there was a Muslim majority in West Punjab with significant minorities of Hindus and Sikhs. Nearly all of these minorities left West Punjab for India, to be replaced by large numbers of Muslims fleeing in the opposite direction. The official language of West Punjab was Urdu but most of the population spoke Punjabi using the Shahmukhi script.

The offices of "Governor" of West Punjab and "Chief Minister" of West Punjab lasted from August 15 1947, until 14th October 1955. The first Governor was Sir Francis Mudie with Iftikhar Hussain Khan as the first Chief Minister. Both offices were abolished in 1955, when the province of West Pakistan was created. The last Governor of West Punjab, Mushtaq Ahmad Gurmani, became the first Governor of West Pakistan.



Multan

Multan is a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is the capital of the Multan District. Called the "City of the Saints", the history of the city goes back more than 5,000 years.
The best film production company launched in the history of Multan. 

• Ushna Films, Multan

Multan is Moolastan which means the Place of origin (Moolam is source or origin).

The old city of Multan is a Walled city which is built on an ancient mound. Archaeologists believe the mound is made up of earlier cities going back to the Bronze Age. There were six gates into the old city but these have been destroyed over time. Three gates were rebuilt by the British when they governed the country. Inside the wall is a circular road, called the "alang". The old city has narrow and winding streets, with houses crowded close together.

Multan is the main center of the South Punjab, Seraiki speaking region. The people here think their language is separate from the majority Punjabi language of Punjab and want to create a separate province of their own, called Seraikistan.This city has some important political figures. Syed Yousaf Raza Gillani,a former Prime Minister of Pakistan belongs to Multan. Another well-known politician from here is Shah Mehmood Qureshi.



Pushpa Kamal Dahal

Pushpa Kumal Dahal born on December 11, 1954) is the former Prime Minister of Nepal. He is one of the most influential personality in the nepalese political scenario. He is president of Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre). He is elected three times as a Prime Minister Of Nepal.

River Tay

River Tay is a river in Scotland. It starts in Loch Tay, and opens up into the North Sea at the Firth of Tay. It discharges more water than the Thames and the Severn put together.

It is the longest river in Scotland and the sixth longest in the United Kingdom. It starts in the Scottish Highlands, and moves east until it goes through Perth. Its mouth is wide, and is called the Firth of Tay on the east coast. Dundee is on the north bank of the Firth.

The Tay's very wide mouth is spanned by a long rail bridge, the replacement for the one which fell in the Tay Bridge disaster. The Tay Road Bridge was opened in 1966.

Morina

Morina is a genus of the Dipsacaceae family.


Paul Hegarty

Paul Hegarty (born July 25, 1954 in Edinburgh) is a former Scottish footballer who is famous for being the captain of Dundee United during their best years in the 1980s. He currently manages Livingston.

Jointer plane

A Jointing plane is used to sharpen the edges of boards so they will fit together.It has a 2-3/8" wide blade and is 18-24" long and hand used.There is also a shorter version of the jointer plane known as the fore plane which is around 18 inches (457mm) long.

Hurricane Andrew

Although the 1992 Atlantic hurricane season was below average, Hurricane Andrew was the exception to that. This hurricane blasted the Bahamas, southeast Florida and south central Louisiana. Andrew did not make flooding in New Orleans. Contrary to typical, damage from Hurricane Andrew was caused almost entirely by high winds rather than storm surge in Florida and Louisiana. This storm caused between $23 billion and $37 billion in damage (1992 USD) and between 56 and 68 fatalities, making Andrew the costliest Atlantic hurricane to hit the United States.
However, Hurricane Katrina would later surpass Andrew in official damage amounts.

Andrew's devastating damage spawned many rumors. These included claims that hundreds or even thousands of migrant farm workers in south Dade County (now Miami-Dade County) were killed and their deaths were not reported in official accounts. An investigation by the "Miami Herald" found no basis for such rumors. These rumors were probably based on the 1928 Okeechobee Hurricane, when the deaths of migrant workers initially went uncounted, and were still debated at the time of Andrew.

The slow response of federal aid to storm victims in southern Florida led Dade County emergency management director Kate Hale to become famous. At a nationally televised news conference, she exclaimed: "Where in the hell is the cavalry on this one? They keep saying we're going to get supplies. For God's sake, where are they?" Almost immediately, President George H. W. Bush promised, "Help is on the way," and mobile kitchens and tents, along with units from the 82nd Airborne Division, began pouring in.

Insurance claims in the wake of the extreme damage caused by Andrew led to the bankruptcy and closure of 11 insurance agencies and drained an excessive amount of equity from 30 more. Nearly one million residences were no longer eligible for coverage by any insurance agency. This led the Florida Legislature to create new agencies (the Joint Underwriting Association, the Florida Windstorm Underwriting Association and the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund) to restore important insurance coverage.

Homeowners and officials criticized developers and contractors for poor building practices and poor building codes. An inquiry after the storm concluded that there were probably construction flaws in some buildings, and that the state of Florida did enforce some strict building codes since 1986, but they were either overlooked or ignored. However, the evidence was not sufficient enough to issue criminal charges for neglect.

The effects of Hurricane Andrew on Florida wetlands were considerable. In the Florida Everglades, 25%, 70,000 acres (280 km²) of trees were knocked down by the storm. It took 20 days for new trees and vegetation to grow following the storms passing. Damage to marine life was moderate as the storm lowered the oxygen level in the water, threatening many fish and other marine wildlife. In addition, the storm killed 182 million fish in the basin, causing $160 million (1992 USD) in lost value. 
In the decade after the storm, Hurricane Andrew may have contributed to the massive and sudden housing boom in Broward County, Florida. Located just north of Miami-Dade County, residents who had lost their homes moved to western sections of the county that were just starting to be developed. The result was record growth in places like Miramar, Pembroke Pines and Weston.

In Louisiana, the hurricane knocked down 80% of the trees in part of the Atchafalaya River Basin near the coast. Offshore, the storm killed 9.4 million fish, causing $7.8 million (1992 USD) in lost value, and damaged large areas of marshland along the Louisiana coast.

About 6,200 people had to be housed in 36 shelters, according to the American Red Cross. The Salvation Army sent in 37 mobile food storages, that served 40,000 meals, to help those who could get little or no food.

Federal aid, from the Pentagon, sent in four 750 kilowatt generators, 2,500 cots, and 30,000 MRE's, or prepackaged meals, to Louisiana. About 1,279 National Guard were deployed to Louisiana, to do various duties, from cooking to patrolling.

Sheriffs along the coast of Louisiana proposed a curfew from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. local time. Alcohol sales were also stopped immediately after the storm.

Because of exceptional and widespread damage in Florida and Louisiana, the name "Andrew" was retired in the Spring of 1993. It will never again be used for an Atlantic hurricane. The name was replaced by Alex for the 1998 season.

Hurricane Gordon (1994)

Hurricane Gordon was a very damaging tropical storm for the Caribbean, Florida and parts of North Carolina. The storm was very slow moving on its path over the Caribbean. This storm killed over 1100 people (estimates are between 500-2300 people dead through Haiti and the central Caribbean islands, including Jamaica and Cuba). The storm's strange motion was making Hurricane Gordon hard to forecast where it would actually go and where it would reach land. Hurricane Gordon was the last storm of the inactive 1994 Season and the second most costly of the 1994 season, even though the storm was a hurricane for only a few hours.

On November 8 a tropical wave near Costa Rica became Tropical Depression Twelve. On November 10th in made landfall near Puerto Cabezas, Nicaragua. The same day it became Tropical Storm Gordon after moving back into the Caribbean. It made its first landfall near Kingston, Jamaica on November 13 it soon made its second landfall in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba on the same day. The storm brushed the northern coast of Cuba and the southern islands of the Bahamas. It made its third landfall in Key West, Florida on November 15. Gordon turned northeast and made it fourth landfall in Fort Myers, Florida the next day. When Gordon crossed Florida it took about nine hours and it went into the Atlantic Ocean on a northeastward track. Gordon stayed on that track until November 17, when it became Hurricane Gordon while it was about 245 miles southeast of Cape Fear, North Carolina. Shortly after becoming a hurricane it reached top winds of 85 mph and then brushed the coast of North Carolina. Gordon weakened back to a tropical storm and started on a U-shaped track. Gordon weakened further into a tropical depression and on November 19 it made its fifth and last landfall near Vero Beach, Florida and on November 21 Gordon died out while over South Carolina.

The damage in Haiti is unknown. But in Haiti, Hurricane Gordon killed about 1,122 people. The number is high likely because of mudslides and because of the deforestation (removing trees) of the forests in Haiti.

Florida was where most of the damage was. Damage in Florida was at about $400 million. Gordon also crossed the state three times, which is likely why the damage is that high. 

In the spring of 1995 Gordon was not retired even though it caused lots of deaths in Haiti. Since Gordon was not retired in 1994, the name Gordon was used again in 2000, 2006, 2012 and 2018. The name will next be used in 2024.

Hurricane Diana (1984)

Hurricane Diana was a Category 4 tropical cyclone that hit the United States east coast in 1984. Diana was a very unusual storm. forecasters had many problems saying when and where it would strike. 

In September of the 1984 Atlantic hurricane season, Diana became an intense tropical cyclone. She had highest winds of during its peak. The storm made landfall in southeast North Carolina with winds between 88 to 100 mph. The storm itself did not kill anyone, although three deaths were caused by it. Hurricane Diana was the first major hurricane in eastern North Carolina in almost three decades. Although it was a Category 4 hurricane it caused only $65 million in damage.

Abbie Hoffman

Abbot Howard "Abbie" Hoffman (November 30, 1936 – April 12, 1989) was an American social and political activist. 

He was one of the "Chicago Eight" along with Luke stockdale, David Dellinger, Tom Hayden, Rennie Davis, John Froines, Lee Weiner, and Bobby Seale, who were arrested for demonstrating at the 1968 Democratic National Convention.

At Woodstock in 1969, Hoffman ran onstage to interrupt The Who's performance. He tried to speak against the jailing of John Sinclair of the White Panther Party. Pete Townshend was adjusting his amplifier between songs and turned around to see Hoffman. Townshend cursed at Hoffman and tried to knock him off the stage. 

He was arrested after a conviction for selling cocaine. He was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in 1980. He committed suicide by an overdose of phenobarbital and alcohol in April of 1989.

Hoffman was raised in the Jewish faith in Worcester, MA but later identified as an atheist.

Hoffman's life was dramatized in the 2000 movie "Steal This Movie". Vincent D'Onofrio acted his part.

In the 1987 HBO television movie "Conspiracy: The Trial of the Chicago 8", Michael Lembeck acted the part of Hoffman.

Richard D'Alessandro played the part of Hoffman in the 1994 movie "Forrest Gump". He is seen speaking against "the war in Vietnam" at a protest rally at the Lincoln Memorial.

Hank Azaria's voice is heard as the animated Hoffman in the movie "Chicago 10".

Sacha Baron Cohen has been cast as Hoffman in Aaron Sorkin's movie "The Trial of the Chicago Seven".


Neil Patrick Harris

Neil Patrick Harris (born June 15, 1973) is an American Golden Globe and Emmy-nominated actor and singer. Notable roles in his career include the title character of "Doogie Howser, M.D.", Barney Stinson in "How I Met Your Mother", Col. Carl Jenkins in "Starship Troopers", "Dr. Horrible" of the web series "Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog", and as a fictionalized version of himself in "Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle", Host From Genius Junior and the sequel "Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay".

Harris is openly gay at first. He confirmed this in November 2006 by saying "...I am happy to dispel any rumors or misconceptions and am quite proud to say that I am a very content gay man living my life to the fullest and feel most fortunate to be working with wonderful people in the business I love. On September 8, 2014, Harris announced on his Twitter page that David Burtka and he were married over the weekend. Harris has twins, Gideon Scott Burtka-Harris and Harper Grace Burtka-Harris.









A Girl like Me

A Girl like Me is the second studio album released by Barbadian singer Rihanna. The album was released April 19, 2006 by Def Jam and SRP. Singles included "SOS", "Unfaithful", and "Break It Off". The album features more of a pop and R&B feel to it as well as staying true to Rihanna's reggae sound and also incorporated elements of other genres such as dancehall, rock, hip hop and dance.


Credits for "A Girl like Me" adapted from liner notes.




Todd Grisham

Todd Grisham (born January 9, 1976) is an American sports reporter. He works for DAZN and Glory kickboxing. Until the end of 2016, he worked for ESPN. He was the in-studio host for "Friday Night Fights" and a "SportsCenter" anchor. Grishem was a sports reporter for UFC from 2017 to 2020.

Before starting to work for ESPN in 2011, Grisham worked as a professional wrestling commentator for WWE. As of January 2017, Grisham is working for the UFC as a broadcaster.


Elijah Burke

Elijah Burke (born May 24, 1978) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for wrestling for World Wrestling Entertainment on its ECW brand under his real name and for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the ring name "The Pope" D'Angelo Dinero. He currently works for Ohio Valley Wrestling.


Matt Hasselbeck

Matthew Hasselbeck (born September 25, 1975) is an American football quarterback for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the sixth round of the 1998 NFL Draft. He spent the majority of his career with the Seattle Seahawks. He played college football at Boston College.


NFL Draft

The NFL Draft is a sports draft held every year. In the draft National Football League (NFL) teams select new players to be added to their team's roster. These new players usually are those ending their time playing football in college. 


Bull shark

The bull shark ("Carcharhinus leucas"), or Zambezi shark, is a species of shark of the genus "Carcharhinus".

The shark grows to a maximum length of 11.5 feet (3.5 metres), but is usually 7.3-7.8 feet (2.2-2.3 metres) long. It is found in tropical and subtropical coastal waters worldwide, as well as river systems and freshwater lakes.

This species is listed as Near Threatened by the IUCN, and is considered to be the third most dangerous sharks in the world.

Bull sharks have a very sturdy body, and have a blunt, rounded snout, giving the Bull shark its name. The first dorsal fin is large and widely triangular with a pointed tip. The second dorsal fin is noticeably smaller. The pectoral fins are also large, and have sharp tips. Bull sharks have quite small eyes as compared to other carcharhinid sharks, which might mean that vision is not a very important hunting tool for this species which is usually found in muddy waters. Bull sharks are usually pale to dark grey above, and their undersides are white. In young Bull sharks, the fins have black tips which turn to a dusky colour as they grow.
The teeth of the upper jaw are wide, triangular, and heavily jagged. The teeth of the lower jaw have a wide base, and are narrow, triangular, and are finely jagged. The front teeth are raised and are nearly symmetrical, while the back teeth are more slanted in shape. WSG

The maximum weight is over 500 pounds (230 kg). The size at birth is around 29 inches (75 cm). Females are larger than males, reaching a length of around 7.8 feet (2.4 metres) as adults, and weighing around 285 pounds (130 kg). This is the result of a longer lifespan of about 16 years, compared to 12 years for males. Males reach a length of around 7.3 feet (2.2 metres), and weigh 209 pounds (95 kg). The growth rates calculated from captive Bull sharks were estimated to be about 11 inches (28 cm) per year in the first years of life, slowing to half that rate after about 4 years of age.

The Bull shark is found in tropical and subtropical coastal waters worldwide as well as in many river systems and some freshwater lakes. They have been reported 3700 km (2220 miles) up the Amazon River in Peru, and over 3000 km (1800 miles) up the Mississippi River in Illinois. A group of Bull sharks found in Lake Nicaragua (Central America) was once thought to be landlocked, but they found access to the ocean through rivers and estuaries. In the western Atlantic Bull sharks migrate north along the coast of the U.S during summer, swimming as far north as Massachusetts, and then return to tropical climates when the coastal waters cool.
The Bull shark likes to live in shallow coastal waters less than 100 feet deep (30 metres), but ranges from 3–450 feet deep (1–135 metres). It commonly enters estuaries, bays, harbours, lagoons, and river mouths. It is the only known shark species which is found in freshwater, and can spend long periods of time in such environments. It is not likely that the Bull shark's entire life cycle is within a freshwater system, however. There is evidence that they can breed in freshwater, but not as regularly as they do in estuarine and marine habitats. Young Bull sharks enter estuaries with low salt contents and lagoons as readily as adults do, and use these shallow areas as nursery grounds. They can also live in waters with high salt contents; as high as 53 parts per thousand.

Even though humans are not on their diet, bull sharks have been known to be very aggressive towards humans. This shark can be a danger to people since many people don't have the knowledge that Bull sharks can be found in rivers and freshwater. Almost all of the close to shore shark attacks on humans have been caused by this species.
They are listed as the 3rd largest risk to humans when it comes to sharks. They are only behind the Great White Shark and the Tiger shark.
They are very territorial and they will attack anything that gets into their environment and they feel is a risk. They have been known to bite horses and other animals that come to close to the water.

Although the Bull shark has no real predators, young Bull sharks have been known to fall prey to Tiger sharks, Sandbar sharks, and even adult Bull sharks. Parasites, like "Pandarus sinuatus" and "Perissopus dentatus", have been found in Bull sharks, and parasitize the body surface of this shark.

The Bull shark mainly feeds on bony fish and small sharks. In the western Atlantic they commonly feed on mullet, tarpon, catfish, menhaden, gar, snook, jacks, mackerel, snappers, and other schooling fish. They also regularly feed on stingrays and young sharks including small individuals of their own species in their inshore nursery habitats. Bull sharks are also been known to feed on sea turtles, dolphins, crabs, shrimp, sea birds, squid, terrestrial mammals, echinoderms, and crustaceans. Bull sharks often appear sluggish as they slowly swim along the bottom, but are quite quick and good at capturing smaller, agile prey, and are capable of burst speeds of over 11 mph (19 km/h).

Bull sharks may spend many hours each day looking for food. They will eat heavily too when there is a large amount of food to be found. They mostly hunt on their own, but there have been observed times when a pair of Bull Sharks will hunt as a team.

Bull sharks are viviparous, meaning that they give live birth. The gestation period is about one year, usually during the summer months but sometimes in early autumn as well. Bull sharks usually migrate to river mouths to mate and have their young. Pups are about 60 cm (24 inches) long, and mothers give birth to 5 to 15 pups at a time. Coastal lagoons, river mouths, and estuaries with low salt contents are common nursery habitats.

Bull sharks reach maturity depending on where they are. One study in the southern Gulf of Mexico found that the age of maturity was 10 years (7 feet) for females and 9–10 years (6.2-6.6 feet) for males. Another study in the northern Gulf of Mexico showed that the age of maturity was 7 feet (14–15 years) for males and 7.4 feet (18 years) for females.

The Bull shark gets its name from its sturdy appearance and aggressive nature. In French, the Bull shark is known as "requin bouledogue". In Spanish it is known as "tiburon sarda". It is known by many different names throughout its range including "Zambezi shark" and "Van Rooyen's shark" in Africa, "Ganges shark" (India), "Nicaragua shark" (Central America), and "Freshwater whaler", "Estuary whaler", and "Swan River whaler" in Australia. In English it is also known as the "Shovelnose shark", "Square-nose shark", "River shark", "Slipway grey shark", "Ground shark", and "Cub shark".

Although the Bull shark is rarely the target species of commercial fisheries, it is usually caught accidentally along with other catches. Since it is found inshore, it has been made a target for artisanal fisheries. The meat of the Bull shark is eaten by humans, the hide is used for leather, the fins are used in shark-fin soup and the liver is made into vitamin-rich oils. In certain areas, such as the Gulf of Mexico and South Africa, the Bull shark is also a popular game fish. The Bull shark’s inshore and freshwater habitat not only makes it an easier target of fisheries, but since these habitats are usually polluted and are targets to habitat modification, the Bull shark is in danger. The Bull shark is listed as Near Threatened by the IUCN
According to the International Shark Attack File (ISAF), Bull sharks are responsible for at least 69 unprovoked attacks on humans around the world, 17 of which have resulted in deaths. However, this species is likely to be responsible for many more attacks, and has been considered by many experts to be the most dangerous shark in the world. Because of its large size, its ability to enter freshwater, and the fact that it is found inshore, it might be more of a threat to humans than either the Great White Shark or the Tiger shark. Since the Bull shark is found in many Third World regions including Central America, Mexico, India, east and west Africa, the Middle East, southeast Asia, and south Pacific islands, attacks are often not reported. The Bull shark is also not as easily identifiable as the Great White or the Tiger shark, so it is likely to be responsible for a large percentage of attacks with unidentified culprits.
The Bull shark has been considered to be the culprit in the infamous series of five shark attacks in New Jersey in 1916 which resulted in four deaths over a 12-day period. Three of these attacks happened in Matawan Creek, a shallow tidal river, only 40 feet (12 metres) across, 1.5 miles (2.4 km) from bay waters, and over 15 miles (24 km) from the open ocean; not a location where any other large shark species would likely be found. A 7.5 foot (2.25 metres) Great White was captured two days after the last attack, however, just 4 miles (6.4 km) from the mouth of Matawan Creek, and contained human remains in its stomach. A 9-foot (2.7 m) Bull shark was also captured a day later only 10 miles (16 km) from Matawan. This has been a topic of debate for many years, and there is evidence that points at both, the Bull shark and the Great White as the culprits.

Alan Shepard

Alan Shepard (November 18, 1923 - July 21, 1998) was an American astronaut. He was the first American to travel into space. He was born in East Derry, New Hampshire. He received a Bachelor of Science at Naval Academy in 1944, graduated at Naval Testpilot School in 1951 and he earned a Master of Arts at the Naval War College in 1957.

On May 5, 1961, Shepard flew into space in the Mercury spacecraft. This was powered by a Redstone rocket.

He made another space flight as spacecraft commander (person in charge) of Apollo 14. This was the third trip to land astronauts on the moon. The trip lasted from January 31 - February 9, 1971. At the age of 47, he was the oldest person to ever walk on the Moon.

In April 5, 1945, Shepard married with Louise. They also had three children.

Shepard suffered with leukemia in 1996 and died on July 21, 1998 in Pebble Beach, California. His wife died from a heart attack on August 25, 1998.

Julia Somerville

Julia Mary Fownes Somerville (born July 14, 1947) is a reporter. She has worked for BBC News and ITN. She studied English at Sussex University. 

Somerville has been interested in art. In 2001, she was one of the people who selected the National Portrait Gallery's BP Portrait of the Year. She has also served as a judge for several years on the RIBA Annual Architecture Award Panels. On 18 September 2003, Somerville was appointed Chair of the Advisory Committee of the Government Art Collection.

Somerville has married three times: to Stephen Band (1970 - 1975, no children), Ray Gowdridge ( 1984 - 1992, two children). She currently lives in North London with her third husband, the architect Sir Jeremy Dixon. Somerville and Dixon were interviewed by police in 1996. The chemist that developed their film had raised suspicion, because their family photographs included images of their seven-year-old daughter in the bath. No caution or charges followed the investigation.

White émigré

White émigré is a political term used to describe Russian people who left Russia because of the Russian Revolution or Civil War. The term is used in France, the United States and the United Kingdom. Sometimes the term is used to describe everyone who left the country because of changes in the government.

The words "White émigré" had a very negative meaning in the Soviet Union between 1920 and 1980. After 1980, those people who left during that time are called first wave émigrés.

Many White émigrés thought the White movement was something good. Some of them, the Mensheviks and Socialist-Revolutionaries, did not like the Bolsheviks but did not like the White movement either. Others were just not interested in politics. Many of those who left are still part of the Eastern Orthodox Church.

Most White émigrés left Russia between 1917 and 1920. Between 900,000 and two million people left. Many different classes of people left. These included military soldiers and officers, Cossacks, intellectuals, businessmen and landowners. Officials of the Russian Imperial Government and anti-Bolshevik governments of the Russian Civil War also left.

Many émigrés left Southern Russia and Ukraine and went to Turkey. They then moved to eastern European Slavic countries, for example the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, and Poland. A large number also went to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Finland, Germany and France. Berlin and Paris had large émigré communities.

Many civilians and military officers in Siberia and the Far East moved to Shanghai and other surrounding areas of China, Central Asia, and Eastern Turkestan. Some moved to Japan.

During and after World War II, many Russian émigrés moved to the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, Peru, Brazil, Argentina, and Australia.

White émigrés often did not like Communism. They did not believe the Soviet Union was properly Russian. They believed the period of time from 1917 until 1991 was a time of occupation by the Soviet government which was internationalist and anti-Christian. Some White émigrés believed that Russia should be governed by a monarch. Others thought that the government should be chosen by popular plebiscite. Many White émigrés believed that their mission was to keep the culture and way of life from the time before the revolution while living in other countries. They believe that by doing this, they could return Russia to this culture when the Soviet Union was no longer in control of the country. A religious mission to the outside world was another idea used by the émigrés. Bishop John of Shanghai and San Francisco (canonized as a saint of the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad) said at the 1938 All-Diaspora Council:

Many White émigrés believed that they should still fight against the Soviet dictatorship. They hoped this would help free Russia. This idea was largely inspired by General Pyotr Wrangel. When the White army was defeated, he said, "The battle for Russia has not ceased, it has merely taken on new forms". ("We are not done trying to free Russia. We just have to use different ways to do so.")

White army veteran Captain Vasili Orekhov, publisher of the "Sentry" journal, wrote about this idea of responsibility with the following words:

The émigrés formed organisations to fight against the Soviet regime. Examples of such organisations are the Russian All-Military Union, the Brotherhood of Russian Truth, and the NTS. This made the White émigrés a target for infiltration by the Soviet secret police (i.e. operation TREST and the Inner Line). Seventy-five White army veterans served as volunteers supporting Francisco Franco during the Spanish Civil War.

Some White émigrés adopted pro-Soviet sympathies, for which they were labelled "Soviet patriots". These people formed organizations such as the Mladorossi, the Evraziitsi, and the Smenovekhovtsi.

During World War II, many White émigrés took part in the Russian Liberation Movement. On the other hand, a significant number participated in anti-Nazi movements such as the French Resistance. During the war, the White émigrés came into contact with former Soviet citizens from German-occupied territories who used the German retreat as an opportunity to flee from the Soviet Union or were in Germany and Austria as POWs and forced labourers and preferred to stay in the West. They are often referred to as the "second wave" of émigrés (often also called displaced persons). This smaller second wave fairly quickly began to assimilate into the White émigré community.

After the war, active anti-Soviet combat was almost exclusively continued by NTS: other organizations either dissolved, or began concentrating exclusively on self-preservation and/or educating the youth. Various youth organizations, such as the Russian scouts in exile became functional in raising children with a background in pre-Soviet Russian culture and heritage.

The White émigrés, acting to preserve their church from Soviet influence, formed the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad in 1924. The church continues its existence to this day, acting as both the spiritual and cultural center of the Russian Orthodox community abroad. On May 17, 2007, the Act of Canonical Communion with the Moscow Patriarchate reestablished canonical ties between the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad and the Russian Church of the Moscow Patriarchate, after more than eighty years of separation.



Baldia Town

Baldia Town is the largest town of Karachi, Pakistan. It is bordered by SITE Town and Orangi to the east. It is bordered by Kiamari Town to the north and west. 97% of the people are Muslim.

Long Eaton School

Long Eaton School is a school for children in the town of Long Eaton in south east Derbyshire. The school is close to Nottinghamshire. It has been known by a number of names including "Long Eaton Grammar School" and is now called "The Long Eaton School". The school delivers free education to local children when they are eleven until they leave school.

The school was started and the buildings constructed in 1910 for Samuel Clegg who was recognised as a leading teacher. He ran the school until his death in 1930. His daughter married a teacher there and their children were Richard and David Attenborough.

In 2006, a new set of buildings were constructed for the school. The new school buildings were opened by Gordon Brown in November 2006.

The school teaches about 1,200 children from age 11 to 18 and specialises in teaching science.


Long Eaton

Long Eaton is a town in south east Derbyshire in England. It is near to the River Trent and seven miles southwest of Nottingham.

Long Eaton is at least 900 years old and is close to where you could cross the River Erewash. More recently the Erewash canal was built and then the railway. The jobs in Long Eaton were making lace and railway wagons.

The town has two large schools for secondary pupils which are Wilsthorpe Community School and Long Eaton School. Trent College is also in Long Eaton. This is an older school for children who pay for their education.

Ur So Gay

"Ur So Gay" is a single released by Katy Perry. It was Perry's first major label release, and was later placed on her studio album "One of the Boys". At first the song was just meant for the internet.




The music video for "Ur So Gay" depicts Perry singing the song with animated clouds and grass surrounding her and her blue guitar. It occasionally cuts to a storyline featuring a Barbie version of Perry. The video was directed by Walter May.

Instrumentation

Instrumentation is the science of measuring and controlling variables. Variables are anything that can affect or change other things. Instrumentation can be used to make processes faster or more efficient, meaning they use less effort, energy or money to produce the same results.

The word instrumentation may also mean the machines made to measure and control things.

The science of instrumentation involves figuring out the best way to measure or control something, building the machine or tools, and checking if the results are good and true. It may also include setting up and using the machine or tools.

An instrument is a tool used to measure and control the variables that affect a process. Here are some variables that people use instrumentation to measure and control:

Two examples of instruments are valves and flame detectors. A valve is a controlling instrument that controls the flow of fluids, which can be gases, liquids, or other fluids. A flame detector is a measurement instrument that detects a flame by analyzing the light. 

The engineering behind instrumentation deals with mechanics and use of measuring instruments. Instrumentation engineers usually work in industries with automated processes. For example, chemical and manufacturing plants often have robots and other machines doing a lot of the work. Instrumentation engineers try to make things more safe, productive and stable. They sometimes use computers.

Netbook

Netbook, the word made by Intel company in February 2008, means smaller version of a regular laptop. Netbooks are known for being small and easy to move around. It is a kind of computer that does basic jobs like web surfing and word processing. Netbook device is normally built for CPU that uses lower power, like the Intel Atom. Now there are many netbooks such as hp-mini and Asus Eee PC. More than 50 million netbooks will be released by 2011.

The concept of netbook is originated from subnotebooks. The word Netbook was introduced by Psion in 1999 and introduced again by Intel in 2008.

In 2007, Asus present the ASUS Eee PC range running a Linux on a 7 inch color screen. Soon after their appearance, netbooks grew in size and features, and converged with smaller laptops and subnotebooks. The Eee PC has been a top seller on Amazon.com and is often sold out in stores. The Eee's success is attributed to the relatively low-price (around $350/£230/€300) compared with standard-sized laptops. (above $1000 at that time)

In middle of February 2008, Everex released its VIA chipset based on CloudBook, running gOS. Unlike its rival, the Eee PC, the CloudBook uses a hard-disk.

In June 2008, MSI launched the MSI Wind PC, with features such as Bluetooth and a 10" LED, backlit, 1024x600 screen. This new laptop is the first built with Intel Atom low power technology and competes with the HP 2133 Mini-Note PC which has a 8.9" screen.

Sing: Chapter 1

Sing: Chapter 1 is a studio album from country superstar Wynonna Judd, to be released on February 3, 2009. It is her seventh solo studio album and the follow-up to her successful 2003 album "What the World Needs Now Is Love" and her holiday-themed 2006 release "A Classic Christmas".

Wynonna teamed up with Brent Maher and Don Potter - the duo behind the many successes that Wynonna had as one half of the mother-daughter duo The Judds with mom Naomi.

The album, contains 12 cover songs which Wynonna states "are a real cross-section of all the different genres I grew up with. It’s all me, its all part of the tapestry of who I am."

"Sing" has been in production for over a year and a half.


Devi

Devi is the word for "goddess" in Hinduism. The male equivalent is Deva, the male aspect of the divine. Devi is synonymous with Shakti, the female aspect of the divine. She has many different incarnations. Among these incarnations are Saraswati, Lakshmi, Durga, Kali, Parvati, Sita and Radha. The Hindu worshipers of Devi are called 'Shaktas'.

Hindus believe in millions of female gods. Each goddess of the Hindus has her own story and history. They all look different too. Some goddesses can change how they look, so they have two or three different images. Some learned persons think that all Hindu goddesses are different forms of a single big or supreme goddess. Some learned persons also think that worship of goddesses by Hindus shows their respect for female gender.

The Vedic period or Vedic civilization of India was a very old civilization. Vedas tell about a number of goddesses. Some of the names of goddesses are Ushas, Prithivi, Aditi, Saraswati, Vac, Nirrti, Ratri. Beside them, some more names of goddesses are there like Puramdhi, Parendi, Raka, Dhisana. Some more names are like Ila, Bharati, Mahi, and Hotra.

Some important goddesses of Hindus are Lakshmi, Parvati, Sita, Radha, Durga, Kali, Mahadevi, Matrakas, Tara, Chhinnamasta, Mahavidyas, and many more. Some goddesses are also connected with places and rivers.

Durga is one of the most powerful goddesses of Hindus. Hindu scriptures say that Durga came to kill the asuras, that is, the demons. Male gods had failed to control asuras and she was created. She has the powers of all the male gods combined. Mainly Durga is the fighting and most powerful form of Parvati. She is often pictured riding a tiger or a lion!

Saraswati is the goddess of speech and learning. She is the Goddess of science, arts and music. The Vedas tell about her. In her hands, she holds a book, a rosary, a pot of water, and a lute. She is also considered as daughter of Parvati or Durga. Maha Saraswati is the partition form of Parvati`s mahavidya (power of super learning). The mahavidya have two forms. One is maha saraswati and another is neel saraswati. In ancient times, there was also a river named the Saraswati River. The river dried up long ago. This river was also considered a form of this goddess. Saraswati is also the wife of Brahma "god of knowledge, wisdom, and many other things".

Lakshmi, also called Sri or Sri Lakshmi is an important goddess of Hindus. Lakshmi is the epitome of everything good and prosperous in the world. She as the power behind Lord Vishnu, aids in the preservation of the world. Lakshmi like Vishnu has many incarnation the most important ones being: Sita, Radha and Rukmini.actually Maha laxmi is the partition form of the beauty of parvati or Durga.devi laxmi is also worshipped as goddess of power or cursed free devi.she is worshipes by name of mahalaxmi, dhan ki devi matalaxmi, shree laxmi. she plays an important role on tridevi's place.

After death of Sati, the divine power or Shakti was reformed from the 51 shakti peeth. By this Goddess Sati was reborn as Goddess Parvati. In Sanskrit language, Parvati means a daughter of the mountains, the Himalayas. she again married Shiva. so Goddess Parvati is the wife of Shiva, one of the three main Hindu gods. She has two son called Ganesh and Kartikeya. She is also called Gauri. She has eighteen arms and forty legs. She also has more than 108 names. Durga, Kali, Jagadatri, Bharat Mata (mother India) are the popular forms of the goddess Parvati.

Kali is one of the main goddesses of Hindus. She is a very powerful goddess. Sometimes she is also called Chandi. Durga and Kali killed many asuras (demons) who used to disturb human beings.
Kali is a form of Durga that sprang from her head during Durga's battle with the demon Raktabija (who represents the power of thoughts, the power which constantly and unceasingly reproduce in the mind) whose blood when touch to the earth generated another Raktabija. To end this battle between Raktabeeja and Durga, Kali consumed every drop of blood until Raktabija Bled out. 
Kali is the highest form of the Supreme. Kali's name has two meanings; the first meaning is "dark" which means she represents the Void. The second meaning is "Time" which is the Destroyer of Everything. When Asur and Dev were having samudra madan than halahal came out, shani was who was ready to drink that poison halahal, than Lord Shiva stopped him and said i will drink, when he drank that he was about to die, but mahakali came to save him. and he was saved. If there is death then there is also life.

Sati is a Hindu goddess. She is the 1st form of the divine power or Shakti. She was the daughter of Dakshya-raj, and the 1st wife of Lord Shiva. After her death in the Dakshya-Yagna, Shiva took the deadbody of Sati and started to dance. By Sudarshana Chakra Lord Vishnu cut the body parts of Sati. The parts fell at 51 places in the Indian subcontinent. These places are called the 51 Shakti peeth. Many forms of Shakti like Durga, Kali, Kamakshya, Hingula are worshipped in these places.

The concept of Goddess Bhuvaneswari as the supreme goddess emerged in historical religious literature as a term to define the powerful and influential nature of female deities in India. Throughout history, goddesses have been portrayed as the mother of the universe, through whose powers the universe is created and destroyed. The gradual changes in belief through time shape the concept of Bhuvaneswari and express how the different Goddesses, though very different in personality, all carry the power of the universe on their shoulders.

Sita is one of the most popular goddesses of Hindus. Hindus of north India especially worship her. She is an avatar of Lakshmi. She was married to Rama, an avatar of Vishnu. Hindu scriptures say that Vishnu and Laxmi are husband and wife.

The word Radha means prosperity and success. She is worshiped with Krishna, another avatar of Vishnu. Many scriptures and religious texts describe Radha as the avatar of goddess Lakshmi.



Incarnation

Incarnation is a religious belief. It explains how a spiritual being may become a body (incarnates). Examples of incarnations in various religions include:

Monism

Monism is the thinking that there is only one thing. All things are not separate but work together as one. The opposite thinking is dualism.


Michelle McManus

Michelle McManus is a Scottish singer and actress.

Her musical albums include "The Meaning of Love". Her songs include "All This Time."

Seamus Coleman

Seamus Coleman (born 11 October 1988 in Donegal, Republic of Ireland) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Everton.

Seamus Coleman grew up in Killybegs, Donegal and played for Killybegs local team St Catherine's. Coleman is a right-back and can also play right midfield and has represented the Republic of Ireland both at Under-21 and Under-23 level, making his international debut for the Under-21s in a friendly against Sweden in 2008. He began as a central midfielder before switching to full-back. Coleman signed for Sligo Rovers in 2006 having begun his career at hometown side Killybegs. The Donegal-born full-back signed for the Blues at the end of the January transfer window in 2009 for 40,000 pounds, having had reported interest from Celtic, Birmingham City, and Ipswich Town. Coleman linked up with Andy Holden and Alan Stubbs in the Blues' reserve team squad.

Seamus has represented Ireland at under 21 level and under 23 level. He won his first full Ireland cap against Wales on the 8th February 2011.He also was picked for the Macedonia game on the 26th of March, But pulled out with an ankle injury.

Guan Yin

Guan Yin (also spelled "Kwan Yin") is the Chinese name of Avalokiteshvara, the Bodhisattva and incarnation of compassion and mercy.

She takes various forms all over the world, in different eras and various forms. She can appear in the world as either male or female.


The Threefold Lotus Sutra describes Guan Yin as a Bodhisattva who can take any form. She can transform into a male, female, adult, child, elder, human, or non-human, in order to teach the Dharma. The "Threefold Lotus Sutra" states that Guan Yin has 33 different manifestations. Seven of these are female.

Representations of Guan Yin in the Song Dynasty were masculine in appearance. Images and statues of Guan Yin during this time later became both genders because of the Lotus Sutra. Because Guan Yin is considered to be the personification of compassion and kindness, and a mother-goddess as well as a patroness of mothers and sailor, the representation of the Bodhisattva became mostly female around the 12th century. In the modern period, Guan Yin is often depicted as a beautiful, young white-robed woman, a depiction which derives from the earlier "Pandaravasini" form.

In China, she is often depicted as young and beautiful, wearing white robes and a necklace of Indian/Chinese royalty. In the left hand she holds a vase that contains the elixir of immortality and in the right hand, she holds a willow branch. Guan Yin wears a crown with an image of Amitabha Buddha.

Guan Yin is a prominent figure in Journey to the West. One of the four classics of Chinese literature, it tells the tale of Tang Dynasty monk Chen Hui's epic pilgrimage with three other traveling companions. Guan Yin enlists Monkey King (Sun Wukong), previously imprisoned by the Buddha, to aid Chen Hui in his pilgrimage to India for Sutra and Reliquary. She later recruits Zhu Bajie (Pigsy) after his defeat at the staff of Monkey King, and Sha Wujing (Sandy) as a body guard for Chen Hui.


University of Michigan College of Engineering

The University of Michigan College of Engineering is the engineering section of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. With 6,351 undergraduate and 3,331 graduate students as of 2012, the College of Engineering is one of the largest engineering schools in the United States. In several ranking systems, the college is ranked as one of the top ten engineering schools in the nation.

Ross School of Business

The Ross School of Business is the business school of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. Ross offers undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral degrees, as well as an executive education program. Ross also offers dual degrees with the colleges and schools of urban planning, engineering, medicine, law, education, nursing, information, music, and School of Natural Resources and Environment (SNRE).

HMS Sirius (1786)

HMS "Sirius" was the main ship of the British First Fleet. The First Fleet carried the convicts and soldiers to Australia to start a penal colony. This was the start of European settlement in Australia.

The ship of 520 tons was built on the River Thames, England in 1781. She was first called the "Berwick.". She had been built to work in the Baltic Sea to carry timber. The Royal Navy bought it to use as a store ship. She was refitted for the trip to Australia, and renamed "HMS Sirius". Lieutenant Philip Gidley King wrote that the ship was named after the star in the Orion constellation.She was armed with six carronades, short cannons used to fire large objects to smash ships. She also had four six-pounder guns. There were another ten six-pounder guns in the cargo hold to be used to protect the new settlement. HMS Sirius was about long and wide. Her hold was about deep.

The ship was commanded by Arthur Phillip with John Hunter as second captain. Phillip would be in charge of the ship as part of the First Fleet, and then Hunter would be in charge after while Phillip was setting up the penal colony. King, William Bradley and George William Maxwell were the lieutenants. She carried a crew of about 160 men.

"HMS Sirius" carried all the guns and ammunition for the Fleet. No weapons were kept on the convict transports in case of mutiny. She left England on May 13, 1787, and sailed to Australia with stops at Santa Cruz, Rio de Janeiro and Cape Town. She arrived in Botany Bay on January 20, 1788. She reached Port Jackson on January 26.

At Cape Town, eight guns were taken away from the gun deck and put in the hold. This was to make room to build stalls to hold cattle. The guns were put back after the ship arrived in Sydney. They were taken out again and put into a fort at Dawes Point.

In October 1788 "HMS Sirius" sailed east to Cape Town to get extra food supplies. Leaving Cape Town in January 1789, she continued to travel east until she got back to Sydney in May. This eastward journey using the west winds , known as "the Roaring Forties" meant that the ship had sailed completely around the world. Rough seas near Tasmania smashed her figurehead and badly damaged the front of the ship.

In March 1790 the "Sirius" went to Norfolk Island to deliver more marines, convicts and supplies. She was able to unload the people, but bad weather made getting the supplies ashore impossible. Four days later Captain Hunter tried to land the supplies in Sydney Bay. The ship drifted too far into the bay and was wrecked on a reef on March 19. All the crew were rescued. Over the next two weeks most of the supplies were saved as well.

It was another 11 months before another ship came to Norfolk Island and took the crew back to Sydney. Hunter went back to England and an inquiry decided that the shipwreck was not his fault.

Cannons from the wreck were saved in 1790. In 1795 Lieutenant-Governor Philip Gidley King gave four cannons to Captain Hogan, of the ship, "Marquis Cornwallis". Eight cannons were sent back to Sydney, to be used in a fort in 1804. In 1924, two cannon from the ship were put in front of the Norfolk Island court house.

One of "HMS Sirius's" 12 anchors was found at the wreck site. In 1907 it was put on show in Macquarie Place, Sydney. The anchor is in good condition although the ends of the arms were broken off while it was being brought up from the wreck. Work was done on the anchor to help keep it in good condition in 1992. The size of the anchor is long, wide and deep. Next to the anchor is one of the cannons from the "HMS Sirius". This was one of the cannons taken off the ship to guard Sydney back in 1788.

In 1983 the wreck was explored by archaeologists. In 1985 several objects were found including a carronade (a small cannon) and another anchor. In 1987 more than 600 objects were brought up from the ship. These are on show in the Maritime Museum on Norfolk Island.


HMS Supply (1759)

HMS "Supply" was a small ship, an armed tender which sailed with the First Fleet. She was intended to be a support ship for HMS "Sirius" (1786). The First Fleet carried the convicts and soldiers to Australia to start a penal colony. The ships left England in May 1787 and arrived in Australia in January 1788. This was the start of European settlement of Australia. "Supply" was commanded by Lieutenant Henry Lidgbird Ball.

"Supply" was a brig rigged sloop of 170 tons. A sloop is a small ship with a single gun deck. A brig rig means the ship had two masts and carried square sails. She had eight small three pounder guns and carried 50 men. She was the smallest ship in the fleet, and the fastest. She was long and wide. 

The Royal Navy had difficulty in finding a suitable ship. Several were checked but were not seen as suitable for the long journey to Australia. A French storeship, the "Eclipse", had been damaged when it ran ashore. An American ship, the "Rattlesnake" was not of suitable quality. The Navy purchased the British-made "Grantham", a packet boat, used for the quick transport of mail. When it was partly taken apart for repairs, the Navy decided it needed so much work, that it would cost too much to repair or rebuild it. They then selected the "HM Supply", a small Royal Navy ship based in Portsmouth, which was used to move naval stores around to the different naval yards.

After the setting up of the penal colony at Port Jackson, HMS "Supply" made ten trips to Norfolk Island. When HMS "Sirius" was wrecked in 1790, the "Supply" was the new settlement's only ship. In April 1790 she made a trip to Batavia to get more food. She left for England in November 1791 and reached Plymouth on April 21 1792. She was sold at auction in July 1792. Renamed the "Thomas and Nancy" she carried coal on the Thames until 1806.


Alexander (ship)

The Alexander was one of six convict transport ships in the First Fleet. The First Fleet carried convicts and soldiers to Australia to start a penal colony. This was the start of European settlement of Australia. The "Alexander" was a ship of 452 tons under the command of Duncan Sinclair. It was long and wide. The ship was built in Hull in 1783. The ship had a contract with the British Government to carry convicts. The owners were paid at a rate of 10 shillings per ton per month until the ship returned to Deptford. They had to agree to keep the prisoners secure and in safe custody. Many of the convicts were not suited for a long sea voyage. Eleven sick men who had been put on the ship died before the fleet sailed. The ship took 195 male convicts to Australia.


Friendship (ship)

The Friendship was a convict transport ship in the First Fleet. The First Fleet carried convicts and soldiers to Australia to start a penal colony. The ships left England in May 1787 and arrived in Australia in January, 1788. This was the start of European settlement of Australia. The "Friendship" was a ship of 278 tons which had been built in Scarborough about 1785. It was under the command of Master Francis Walton. The ship had a contract with the British Government to carry convicts. The owners were paid at a rate of 10 shillings per ton per month until the ship returned to Deptford. They had to agree to keep the prisoners secure and in safe custody.The friendship sunk of the coast of Borneo on the way back to England.

On her return trip with the "Alexander", many of the sailors on the "Friendship" became sick with scurvy. There were not enough sailors fit enough to sail both ships. All the crew went on board the "Alexander", and the "Friendship" was scuttled (sunk) off the coast of Borneo on October 28, 1788.


Prince of Wales (ship)

The Prince of Wales was a convict transport ship in the First Fleet. The First Fleet carried the convicts and soldiers to Australia to start a penal colony. The ships left England in May 1787 and arrived in Australia in January 1788. This was the start of European settlement of Australia. The "Prince of Wales" was a ship of 350 tons under the command of John Mason. She was built on the Thames in 1786. She was long and wide. The ship had a contract with the British Government to carry convicts. The owners were paid at a rate of 10 shillings per ton per month until the ship got back to Deptford. They had to agree to keep the prisoners secure and safe. This was the last ship to be chosen for the voyage after the Navy realized that they did not have enough space for the extra people, equipment, and supplies on the ten ships. There was one male convict and forty-nine female convicts which meant that there were only fifty convicts on the ship.

The "Prince of Wales" was still sailing around England up until 1797. In 1797 she was moved to Fort Royal, Martinique. There is no information after this.


Charlotte (ship)

The Charlotte was one of six convict transport ships in the First Fleet. The First Fleet carried the convicts and soldiers to Australia to start a penal colony. This was the start of European settlement of Australia. The "Charlotte" was built on the Thames about 1785, was a ship of 345 tons. She was under the command of Thomas Gilbert. She was long and wide. The ship had a contract with the British Government to carry convicts. The owners were paid at a rate of 10 shillings per ton per month. They had to agree to keep the prisoners secure and safe. She carried 88 male and 20 female convicts. After transporting the convicts to New South Wales, the "Charlotte" was under contract to work for the East India Company. 


Lady Penrhyn (ship)

The Lady Penrhyn was one of six convict transport ships in the First Fleet. The First Fleet carried the convicts and soldiers to Australia to start a penal colony. The ships left England in May 1787 and arrived in Australia in January 1788. This was the start of European settlement of Australia. 

The "Lady Penrhyn" was a ship of 338 tons under the command of William Cropton Server. The ship had been built on the River Thames in 1786. She was long and wide.The captain, William Server, and biscuit maker, William Curtis were the owners of the ship. They had a contract with the British Government to carry convicts. The owners were paid at a rate of 10 shillings per ton per month. They had to agree to keep the prisoners secure and safe. She transported 101 female convicts to New South Wales. The convict women were kept secure with both handcuffs and chains. 

After the First Fleet trip, the "Lady Penrhyn" was under contract to work for the East India Company. She left Sydney on May 5, 1788 to go to China to pick up a load of tea. The "Lady Penryhn" got back to England in August 1789. 


Scarborough (ship)

The Scarborough was one of six convict transport ships in the First Fleet. The First Fleet carried the convicts and soldiers to Australia to start a penal colony. The ships left England in May 1787 and arrived in Australia in January 1788. This was the start of European settlement of Australia. 

The "Scarborough" was a ship of 430 tons under the command of John Marshall. She was long and wide. The prison deck was very small and cramped. The height of the space was only . The ship had a contract with the British Government to carry convicts. The owners were paid at a rate of 10 shillings per ton per month. They had to agree to keep the prisoners secure and in safe custody. After transporting the convicts to New South Wales, the "Scarborough" was under contract to work for the East India Company.

"Scarborough" left Australia 5 May 1788, and with the "Lady Penrhyn", sailed to China. On 17 May 1788, she landed at Lord Howe Island for birds and vegetables, and got back to England on 15 June 1789. 

"Scarborough" went back to New South Wales with the notorious Second Fleet. Alongside "Surprize" and "Neptune", she sailed from England with 253 male convicts on 19 January 1790. Her captain was John Marshall and the surgeon was Augustus Jacob Beyer. She arrived at the Cape of Good Hope on 13 April 1790, and spent 16 days there, loading food and other items. She also picked up eight male convicts from HMS "Guardian" which had been wrecked after hitting an iceberg. She and "Neptune" were parted from "Surprize" in heavy weather and arrived at Port Jackson on 28 June, 160 days out from England. During the voyage, 73 convicts died (28%) and 96 (37%) were very sick when landed.

There were at least 4 British built ships named "Scarborough" in the eighteenth century. At least two of these were contracted to the English East India Co. for the far east trade. One of the "Scarborough"s was lost in the South China Sea on a shoal on 12 Sept 1784. All on board died and the shoal was then named Scarborough Shoal, lying at 15°11′N 117°46′E, recently the subject of a sovereignty dispute between China and Philippines. Another ship of the same name was built at Scarborough in 1782 of 430 tons but this is not the one lost on the Scarborough Shoal.



Golden Grove (ship)

The "Golden Grove" was a ship of 375 tons under the command of Master Sharp. She had been built as a store ship at Whitby in 1780. She was long and wide. The ship had a contract with the British Government to transport food and equipment. The owners were paid at a rate of 10 shillings per ton per month until the ship returned to Deptford. 

In October 1788 the "Golden Grove" took 32 convicts from Sydney to the penal colony on Norfolk Island. She left Port Jackson on November 19, 1788, with the "Fishburn" to return to England. After stopping at the Falkland Islands because of sailors sick with scurvy, she arrived back in Deptford in June 1789. Afterward the "Golden Grove" sailed from Newcastle and Liverpool, probably carrying rum from Jamaica. There is no information about the ship after 1804.The Golden Grove was a supply ship in the first fleet and carried live stock and food along with a lot more. 

Gloden Grove is a ship


Fishburn (ship)

The Fishburn was a store ship in the First Fleet. The First Fleet carried the convicts and soldiers to Australia to start a penal colony. The ships left England in May 1787 and arrived in Australia in January 1788. This was the start of European settlement of Australia. The "Fishburn" was a ship of 378 tons under the command of Master Robert Brown. The ship was long and wide. It had been built in Whitby in 1780. The ship had a contract with the British Government to transport food and equipment. The owners were paid at a rate of 10 shillings per ton per month until the ship returned to Deptford. 

The "Fishburn" and the "Golden Grove" left Port Jackson in November 1788 to return to England. She had to rest at the Falkland Islands for several days as several sailors were sick. She was returned to her owners at Deptford on May 25, 1789. No other information has been found about the ship afterwards.


Borrowdale (ship)

The Borrowdale was a store ship in the First Fleet which carried the convicts and soldiers to Australia to start a penal colony. This was the start of European settlement of Australia. The "Borrowdale" was a ship of 275 tons which had been built at Sunderland in about 1785. It was under the command of Master R. Hobson. The ship had a contract with the British Government to transport food and equipment. The owners were paid at a rate of 10 shillings per ton per month until the ship returned to Deptford. 

The "Borrowdale" left Sydney in July, 1788. The crew became very sick with scurvy. When the ship got to Rio de Janeiro several sailors were taken to hospital. Five sailors died on the way back to England.


Ve (Cyrillic)

Ve (В, в) is the third letter of the Cyrillic alphabet. It is said as [v].

It comes from the Greek beta, along with the Cyrillic beh. Its old name was "vede". Although it looks like a B, it stands for the Roman V and Beh (Б, б) stands for B.

See also: Voiced postalveolar lateral fricative


De (Cyrillic)

De (Д, д) is the fifth letter of the Cyrillic alphabet. It is said as [d].

It comes from the Greek delta. Its old name was "dobro". It stands for the Roman D.

When written, it looks like a "g", and when printed in italics, it is a "д".


Francis Forbes

Sir Francis Forbes (1784 – 1841) was the first Chief Justice (judge) of New South Wales. Before he set up the court system in Australia, people were tried by legal tribunals. The town of Forbes, New South Wales was named after him.

Forbes was born in Bermuda in 1784. His grandfather, Dr. George Forbes had moved to the Bermudas after the Battle of Culloden. He went to London at the age of 19 to study law. He passed the exams and became a lawyer in 1812. He returned to Bermuda but went to back to England 3 years later. In 1816 he was made the first Chief Justice of Newfoundland. He lived in Canada until 1822. The government asked for his advice about setting up a proper legal system in Australia. He was asked to be the first Chief Justice of New South Wales in June 1823. Forbes was officially given the job in October 1823.

Forbes was Chief Justice from 13th October 1823 to 1st July 1837. He arrived in Sydney in March 1824. He lived with the Governor, Sir Thomas Brisbane, while his house was being got ready for him. Forbes and Brisbane became great friends. He officially opened the new Supreme Court on May 17, 1824. He was also a member of the Legislative Council and was made President in August 1824. In December he was made a member of the Executive Council as well. These two extra positions were political jobs and put him into conflict with his job as a judge. As Chief Justice he had to be sure that new laws were in agreement with the laws of England. This gave him the power to veto (stop) any new law in Australia. This was not a problem while Brisbane was the Governor, but Forbes soon had problems with the new Governor, Sir Ralph Darling.

The Francis Forbes Society is a group set up to study Australian legal history.

Ge (Cyrillic)

Ge (Г, г) is the fourth letter of the Cyrillic alphabet. It is said as [g] or [h].

It comes from the Greek gamma. Its old name was "glagoli". It stands for the Roman G.


Hala

Hala can refer to


Hala Gorani

Hala Basha-Gorani (; born 1 March 1970), is an American reporter for "CNN International". She is based in the network's headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia. She anchors "CNN International"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s "International Desk".

Gorani was born in Seattle, Washington, United States. Her parents are Syrians from Aleppo. Gorani was mainly raised in Paris. She lived also in Algeria. Her name "Hala" is a common Arabic name which means "halo".

She speaks English, French and Arabic (though she can not read it). She currently lives in Atlanta. French novelist Yann Moix dedicated his first novel "Jubilation Vers le Ciel" to Gorani in 1996.

She has established herself as a Middle East specialist and covered the Hezbollah-Israel war in the summer of 2006 from Lebanon as the main anchor for CNN International, helping the network's coverage of the Middle East win an award for "Excellence in Journalism".

Gorani also reports from Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Lebanon, Syria and Egypt. In April 2007, she led CNN's coverage of the 2007 French presidential election. Gorani avoids discussing her political and religious views, saying the job needs her to be neutral.


Hala (clan)

Hala is a "gotra" or clan of the Jatt people found in the states of Punjab and Uttar Pradesh in India and in the province of Sindh in Pakistan.

The members of this gotra are Hindus, Muslims and Sikhs. The Muslim Jatts of the Hala gotra are found in Sindh, while Hindu and Sikh Jatts belonging to this gotra are found in Uttar Pradesh and Punjab (India).


Jamiroquai

Jamiroquai are a British funk and acid jazz band. It was created by Jason Kay. The name of the band is a compound word created from "jam session", a type of music event, and "Iroquois", the name of a Native American tribe. 

The band's first single, "When You Gonna Learn?", was released in 1992. Because of the success of this single, Jamiroquai made a contract with Sony BMG. They release their first album, "Emergency on Planet Earth," in 1993. The next year, their second album ("The Return of the Space Cowboy)" was released. This album became popular. In 1996, a song named "Virtual Insanity" on their third album, "Travelling Without Moving," was very popular. The music video for this song was so innovative that it caused a big sensation. With this song, Jamiroquai was nominated for ten MTV video awards. It won four awards. This album made the band famous all across the world. 


The members of Jamiroquai have changed for many times, except Jason Kay.

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Vegas 2

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Vegas 2 (RSV2) is the ninth installment in the "Rainbow Six" series (including add-ons). It is a first person shooter video game and the sequel to "Tom Clancy's ". It was announced by Ubisoft on November 20, 2007. The game was released for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 on March 18, 2008 in North America and March 20 2008 in Europe, except in Germany, where the game was delayed.

The multiplayer in "Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six: Vegas 2" has been expanded to include more than 10 new close-quarters maps, two new adversarial modes, a new and different rewards system, and according to Ubisoft, improved online matchmaking. The experience point (XP) system is different than the old Vegas. For every kill achieved the player gains XP.

"Rainbow Six: Vegas 2" (fan pack) includes three new maps (CQB-Dark, Murdertown-Dark, and the return of Calypso Casino) from the first "Rainbow Six: Vegas". There are also new A.C.E.S. and 99 more elite ranks to keep players busy. The new A.C.E.S. update is you can level up your A.C.E. until you reach 100 in that A.C.E. The 99 more elite ranks a gold elite badge with a number corresponding to the ranked elite you are. This download is available in the PS3 or Xbox 360 marketplace or Ubisoft's website if you are using a PC version of RSV2.

The setting for the game begins in Pic des Pyréneés, France, on 2005. The story moves five years forward to Las Vegas, United States of America on July 2, 2010, the same day of Logan Keller's arrival to Las Vegas in "Rainbow Six: Vegas". Terrorists have gained control of Las Vegas to install widespread panic in both the public as well as law enforcement agencies, such as the National Security Agency, North Atlantic Treaty Organization, Rainbow, as well as local SWAT. As the plot unfolds, however, the setting moves away from Las Vegas to other places, such as a small town in Nevada, unlike in the first Rainbow Six: Vegas, which was mainly in Las Vegas.

Bishop Bishop is the main protagonist that the player controls and guides throughout the events of "Rainbow Six: Vegas 2". His/her appearance and gender vary, depending on the intended look by the player. Either way, Bishop is still called "sir" in the game. He/she is a high-ranking veteran of the Rainbow organization, and is an instructor at the organization's training academy when the game first begins. Bishop is referred five years after the first mission in the French Alps, Bishop returns from retirement as the team leader of Park and Walters.

Knight If co-op mode is enabled, Knight accompanies Bishop on missions, whose appearance also varies depending on how the player wants him/her to look. His/her role, however, is limited as merely a co-op player, and unlike some games, such as "Gears of War" and "Halo 3", Knight is not critical to the single player campaign's story. Playing as Knight also allows the player to unlock co-op achievements.

Gabriel Nowak The game's main antagonist, a traitorous former Rainbow operative revealed as a mole in "Rainbow Six: Vegas". Though cunning and ambitious, Nowak's gung-ho recklessness earns him the disrespect of teammates, ultimately leading to Bishop passing him up for promotion in favor of Logan, which therefore leads to Nowak betraying the Rainbow organization with the assistance of big-time terrorist ringleaders. Nowak betrays more Rainbow operatives in Vegas 2, mainly by posing falsely as an NSA agent, helping Bishop along the way for some of the campaign while actually putting Bishop in a state of danger, in order to kill him/her, which fails. Bishop eventually kills him in a final showdown at a villa in Costa Rica.

Logan Keller The main protagonist in "Rainbow Six: Vegas", Keller is seen in the opening level of the game. Keller demonstrates a formidable sense of close-quarters combat, with realistic analyses of certain hostage situations and how to eliminate the opposition in an effective and concise manner. He is later seen after Bishop's showdown with Nowak at the end of the game. Logan is seen quoting Bishop's teachings at the last level, implying his respect towards Bishop.

Jung Park A character of South Korean nationality, Jung Park’s natural proficiency for computers drove him to serve his mandatory term in the ROK Army immediately after graduation. Park’s high scores on electronics screening made him eligible for entry into the 1st Anti-Guerrilla Group. For two years, Park served as part of the 15th Security Battalion’s signals unit. In 2004, Park received a transfer to the ROK Army’s 5th Special Forces Brigade (Airborne). During his time as a Black Dragon, Park earned top marksmanship decorations in every long-range category, as well as SCUBA and parachute qualifications. After three years with the 5th SFB, Park volunteered for the 707th Special Mission Battalion, South Korea’s elite counter-terrorist and quick-reaction unit. During a joint training mission with SAS and 1st SFOD-D, Park caught Ding Chavez’s eye for his mix of electronics and combat expertise. When Park’s two-year term with the 707th concluded, he was immediately invited to join Rainbow.

Michael Walters Michael Walter’s three-year tour in 40 Commando Royal Marines included the military evacuation of British nationals from the Democratic Republic of Congo and active operations in West Belfast.

Eraclea

Eraclea is a town in the province of Venice, Veneto, Italy. SP42 goes through it.
Eraclea Mare is the Lido of Eraclea .

It is located on the Adriatic Sea near the coast between the rivers Piave and Livenza and between two famous touristic towns: Caorle and Jesolo.

Eracleamare, one of the destinations of summer tourism on the Adriatic riviera, is together with Jesolo and Caorle one of the best known seaside resort on the Venetian coast. Within the last year, a steady growth of foreign tourists, especially from Germany, has been recorded. Also in 2010, Eracleamare has received the "Blu Flag" from the FEE .

Eraclea Mare is famous cause of its pinewood and "Mort lagoon" (in Italian: Laguna del Mort ).

The Mort Lagoon, an extremely evocative naturalistic site between Eraclea and Jesolo, was originated by the overflowing of the Piave river in 1936, whose bed was modified in its last stretch after a big flood. The Mort stretches between Eraclea Mare and the mouth of the Piave river and it is a sea-lagoon, being supplied with water only by the flood-tides. Still uncontaminated, the Mort is characterized by shallow and calm waters with a sandy and muddy seabed, rich in phytoplankton.


Lenz's law

Lenz's law is a common way to understand how electromagnetic circuits obey Newton's third law and the conservation of energy.<ref name="Electromagnetics explained:
a handbook for wireless/RF, EMC, and high-speed electronics">Schmitt, Ron. "Electromagnetics explained". 2002. Retrieved 16 July 2010.</ref> Lenz's law is named after Emil Lenz, and it says:

Lenz's law is shown with the negative sign in Faraday's law of induction:

which indicates that the induced emf (ℰ) and the change in magnetic flux (∂Φ) have opposite signs.

The induced emf and the resulting induced current are counterclockwise when B' is directed out from the page and the area of the circuit is decreasing. The flux through this circuit is decreasing in the outward direction. Now the induced current I produces its own magnetic field, and we may use the right-hand grip rule to compute the direction of this field. The result is that the magnetic field due to the induced current is also directed outward within the circuit. It is as though nature, through this induced field, tried to compensate for the reduction in the flux due to the applied field B. This turns out experimentally to be a general rule, so that we may say that"The direction of the induced emf is always such as to result in opposition to the change producing it."That is "Lenz's law".

As another example of the application of Lenz's law, consider a coil of wire to which a battery is suddenly connected. Suppose that the battery starts a current flowing clockwise, as viewed by the observer. This current will give rise to a magnetic field whose lines will thread the coil and circle back outside it. As the current due to the battery builds up, there is a changing magnetic flux through the coil and this must result in an induced emf in the coil. What is the direction of this induced emf? Lenz's law tells us immediately that it must be counterclockwise, so as to oppose the building up of the current. Similarly, when the current in a circuit is broken, the induced emf seeks to keep the current from dying out, and this accounts for the sparking observed when switches are opened slowly. The induced emf in a circuit whose current is changing is called the "back emf", since it always opposes the alteration in the current. It arises from change in the current's own magnetic field, an effect referred to as "self-inductance".

If Lenz's law was not true, an increase in current in a coil would result in an emf that aided the applied battery, thus increasing the current further, inducing more emf and further increases in the current, ad "infinitum". This would be an unstable situation and one in which the conservation of energy principle would be disobeyed.This sort of reasoning may be extended to other situations in which a system in equilibrium is displaced and the principle arrived at is the following:

When a system in equilibrium is disturbed, the equilibrium is displaced in the direction which tends to undo the effects of the disturbance.This generalization of Lenz's law is called Le Chatelier's principle.

County Donegal

Donegal is a county in Ulster, Ireland. It is north of Leitrim and east of Northern Ireland.

ABC Kids (TV programming block)

ABC Kids was an American television programming block produced by ABC Productions and distributed by Buena Vista Television Group, a division of Disney Media Networks, which aired on ABC. It broadcasted several different children’s television series. These series were all owned by Disney Media Networks, the owner of ABC Entertainment Group. Most of them were also shown on Buena Vista Television Group’s own network Disney Channel.

Family Guy: Season 10 Episode 2

On September 13, 1997, "Disney's One Saturday Morning" started out as a two-hour block on the "ABC Saturday Morning" lineup, and aired some of the former's shows. In 1999, it was extended to 5 hours. On September 6, 1999, a spin-off, "Disney's One Too", aired on UPN and in syndication every weekday in the morning or afternoon and Sunday morning. "One Saturday Morning" last aired on September 7, 2002.

On September 14, 2002, Disney renamed "One Saturday Morning" to ABC Kids. The block originally had new programs, but by the end, all of ABC Kids programs became repeats of Disney Channel originals.

"Power Rangers" was previously aired on Fox Kids until halfway through the "Wild Force" season, when "Power Rangers" moved to ABC Kids for the 2002 Fall season due to the Fox Family Channel/Saban Entertainment purchase by Disney in 2001. Starting with the episode "Unfinished Business", the remainder of the "Wild Force" season premiered on ABC Kids. During its time on both Fox Kids and ABC Kids the entire "Wild Force" season also ran again later on ABC Family (in part both before the introduction of and during the ABC Family Action Block). The following "Ninja Storm" season also premiered on ABC Kids and then ran again later on the ABC Family Action Block. The "Dino Thunder", "S.P.D.", "Mystic Force", "Operation Overdrive" and "Jungle Fury" seasons were all shown on Jetix and then ran again on ABC Kids. The "RPM" season and broadcasts of the first season of "Mighty Morphin", when revised, aired exclusively on ABC Kids.

"Power Rangers" ended its run on ABC Kids on August 28, 2010, nationwide due to Haim Saban having bought back the intellectual rights to the franchise from Disney and giving airing rights to Nickelodeon in May 2010. Airings ended slightly earlier on August 14, 2010, on West coast affiliates caused by the 2010 Little League World Series and the E/I recovery that resulted from it. On September 4, 2010, the hour held by "Power Rangers" was returned to the local affiliates. After its completion on ABC Kids, "Power Rangers" moved to Nickelodeon. All new seasons (starting with the "Samurai" season) began to show on the main Nickelodeon channel on February 7, 2011. Repeats of new seasons and all previous seasons began airing on Nicktoons on February 11, 2011.

With the rise of federally-mandated E/I programming rules, some of the network's partner groups, primarily Hearst Television and Allbritton Communications, refused to carry any show that did not meet E/I requirements (such as "Kim Possible" or the "Power Rangers" series during their time on ABC Kids) in order to instead free up time to air locally produced shows. However, some stations shifted the time these shows aired either to very early in the morning Saturday or to Sunday, often before local news, "Good Morning America" and/or that week's "live" portion of the ABC Kids block began.

ABC Kids was aired for the final time on August 27, 2011. After that, ABC discontinued airing animated programming, making it the first time they did not air animated programs since September 1992, when NBC stopped airing animated programs to make room for TNBC.

On May 24, 2011, ABC announced that it had reached a deal with broadcast syndication production company Litton Entertainment to produce original content for the Saturday morning block. The "Litton's Weekend Adventure" block launched on September 3, 2011, replacing ABC Kids.


RLC circuit

A circuit containing resistance (R), inductance (L), and capacitance (C) is called an RLC circuit. A simple circuit only has one RLC series.

With a resistance "R" present, the total electromagnetic energy "U" of the circuit (the sum of the electric energy and magnetic energy) is no longer constant. Instead, it decreases with time as energy is transferred to thermal energy in the resistance. Because of this loss of energy, the oscillations of charge, current and potential difference continuously decrease in amplitude, and the oscillations are said to be damped. 

They are damped in exactly the same way as those of the damped block-spring oscillator. To analyze the oscillations of this circuit, an equation can be written for the total electromagnetic energy formula_1 in the circuit at any instant. This is because the resistance does not store electromagnetic energy.

However, this total energy decreases as energy is transferred to thermal energy. 
where the minus sign indicates that formula_1 decreases. By differentiating Eq. 1 with respect to time and then substituting the result in Eq. 2, the following is obtained:
Substituting formula_6 for formula_7 and formula_8 for formula_9, the following is obtained:

Jackstones

Jackstones is a traditional Korean game. It is usually played by girls. The game is similar to the game Jacks. Jackstones is also a traditional game played in IndiaTamilnadu by the name Anchakal it is also played in rural villages of Andhra Pradesh by the name of Achenagandlu or Achamgilla or Chintapikkala aata, using small stones or Tamarind seeds.

The game is played with five stones. Each stone is about the size of an almond. Players can only use one hand to play the game. The game has five parts or "stages".

In the first stage, the player throws the stones on the ground. They pick up one stone and throw it upward. Before the stone falls onto the ground, they need to pick up another stone from the ground and then catch the one that was thrown. This is done again until there are no stones on the ground.

The second stage is the same with the first stage except that the player needs to pick up two stones at once before the stone which was thrown falls down. The third and the fourth stages are the same.

In the fifth stage, players can get points. All of the stones are thrown upward. The player must catch as many of the stones as they can with the back of their hand. Then, the stones they caught are thown into the air again and the player must catch all of them. The player gets points for how many stones they catch. If they caught 3 stones, they get 3 points. If they caught 4 stones, they get four points. After that, the next player does the same. When all players have done this, the game is finished. The person (or the team) who has a higher point wins.

Also there are several rules;

If a player is out, the next person (or team) gets the turn.

Lorentz force

Lorentz's law is a law discovered by the Dutch physicist Hendrik Antoon Lorentz. Lorentz's law defines force that acts on moving charged particles in an electromagnetic field. Force consists of magnetic force and electric force.

F = qE (electric force)
If the charge is positive, the direction of the electric force is equal to direction of electric field.
F = qv*B (magnetic force)
The direction of the magnetic force is given by the right hand rule.

If charged particles move with velocity v in an electric field E and a magnetic field B

F = qE + qv*B
F : force (vector)
q : charge (scalar)
E : electric field (vector)
v : velocity of particle (vector)
B : magnetic field (vector)

Using this law, J.J. Thomson measured mass-to-charge ratio.

Snell's law

Snell's Law of Refraction is the scientific law of the refraction of light or other waves. In optics, Snell's law is about the speed of light in different media. The law states that when light passes through different materials (for example from air to glass) the ratio of sines of the incidence (incoming) angle and the refraction (outgoing) angle does not change:

With each formula_2 as the angle measured from the normal of the boundary, formula_3 as the velocity of light in the respective medium (SI units are meters per second, or m/s). formula_4 is the refractive index of the medium.

The index of refraction of a vacuum is 1 and the velocity of light in a vacuum is formula_5. When a wave passes the material where the index of refraction is n, the velocity of the wave becomes formula_6.

Snell's law can be proved by Fermat's principle. Fermat's principle states that "light travels along the path which takes the least time".

The idea has a long history. The problem had the attention of Hero of Alexandria, Ptolemy, Ibn Sahl, and Huygens. Ibn Sahl actually discovered the law of refraction. In "Traité de la Lumiere", 1678, Huygens showed how Snell's law of sines could be explained by, or derived from, the wave nature of light.

Golden lion tamarin

The golden lion tamarin ("Leontopithecus rosalia"), also called the golden lion marmoset is a small, squirrel-sized monkey with a lion-like mane. 

Tamarins live in small family groups. They are diurnal (most active during the day); at night, they rest in the cavity of a tree. The life span is about 15 years. They are in danger of extinction due to loss of habitat as their forest home is being cleared. These tamarins are arboreal (they live in trees). They live in coastal tropical rainforests in eastern Brazil of South America. Lion Tamarins take their name from their impressive manes—thick rings from Africa great cats lions.  The golden lion tamarin may be the most beautiful of the four lion tamarin species. Its golden hair frames a charismatic black face and covers its small body and tail.Despite their name, these rare primates have far more in common with their monkey relatives than any feline.

The golden lion tamarin is an omnivore (eating both animals and plants); it eats insects, fruit, small snakes, lizards, snails, spiders, and vegetables. Tamarins use their claws to dig for insects in the bark of trees.

Piet Mondrian

Piet Mondrian (7 March 1872 – 1 February 1944) was a Dutch modern artist of the De stijl group. His early paintings show abstract landscapes in post-impressionist and cubist style.

As his career went on, he started to paint in a more abstract style. 

Mondrian painted about 250 of these geometric abstracts, from 1917 to 1944. Mondrian called his style “neoplasticism”.

Escaping in 1940 from a Europe at war, Mondrian spent the last four years of his life in New York City. His paintings of that time express exuberance at city life. In his final painting, "Broadway Boogie Woogie" (painted around 1942 or 1943), the checkerboard lines, previously black, are now painted blue, gray, red and yellow. The yellow was apparently inspired by New York’s Yellow cabs.


2004 Pacific hurricane season

The 2004 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 2004 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 2004 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 2004. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.

Tropical Depression Five-E formed south of Mexico on July 26. Later that day, it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Darby, and only four hours later, at 2 am (0900 UTC) on July 27, is upgraded to Hurricane Darby. It moved due west at this point, aiming directly for the big island of Hawaii. It reached Category 3 strength on July 29, the first major hurricane in the northeastern Pacific basin since 2002. However, long before it reached Hawaii, it lost strength and dissipated on the evening of July 31.
Tropical Depression Eleven_E formed from a tropical wave about 400 mi. southwest of Acapulco, Mexico and headed northwest, steadily strengthening as it did so. Howard peaked briefly as a Category 4 and then started to weaken. By the time Howard reached a point off the coast of the Baja peninsula, it was only a tropical storm. Howard weakened further, becoming a tropical depression on September 5 and degenerated into a remnant low later that day. The low hooked around and headed southwest. Howard dissipated on September 10 without making landfall.
Tropical Depression Thirteen-E formed out of an area of low pressure south-southeast of the Gulf of Tehuantepec on September 10. It slowly moved northwest, being designated Tropical Storm Javier on the morning of September 11. It was upgraded to a hurricane on the afternoon of September 12, and peaked at Category 4 strength on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale after rapidly strengthening on September 13. 

Warnings began to be issued on September 15 for Baja California. While Javier peaked at Category 4, with windspeeds of 150 mph (240 km/h), it weakened dramatically before striking land south of San Ignacio in Baja Sur as only a tropical depression. Its remnants continued over Baja and inland.
An area of tropical disturbance centered about 90 miles (150 km) south-southwest of Puerto Angel, Mexico, developed into Tropical Depression Fifteen-E on the afternoon of October 11. Due to its proximity, attention was immediately paid to it, and Mexico began issuing watches early the next day. With the 2 pm PDT (2100 UTC) update on October 12, it was upgraded to a tropical storm and named Lester.

It sat mainly stationary just off the coast of Mexico, spending most of October 13 only 25 miles (40 km) west of Acapulco. In the afternoon, it became clear that Lester was falling apart, and with the 2 pm update, even though it was still close to shore, it was downgraded to a tropical depression and advisories ended as it rapidly disintegrated.

Burn Gorman

Burn Gorman (born 1 September 1974) is a British actor and musician. He is best known for his roles as William Guppy in "Bleak House", as Owen Harper in "Torchwood" and as Phillip Stryver in "The Dark Knight Rises".

Bury F.C.

Bury F.C. was a football club which played in England.

Naoko Mori

Naoko Mori is a Japanese actress. A lot of people know her from her roles as Mie Nishikawa in "Casualty" (1993–1994), and as Toshiko Sato in "Doctor Who" and "Torchwood".

Sarsaparilla

Sarsaparilla (IPA: /ˌsæspəˈɹɪlə/) ("Smilax regelii") is a perennial trailing vine with prickly stems; it is from tropical America and the West Indies. Its name (which is "zarzaparrilla" in Spanish) comes from the Spanish words "zarza" for "shrub" and "parrilla" for "little grape vine."

Russell T Davies

Russell T Davies, OBE (born Stephen Russell Davies, 27 April 1963), is a critically acclaimed British television producer and writer from Swansea, Wales. He is known for television programmes such as "Queer as Folk" and "The Second Coming", and for bringing back the popular science-fiction television series "Doctor Who", and creating its spin-off series "Torchwood" and "The Sarah Jane Adventures". He wrote the Book "Doctor Who: The Writer's Tale". In 2015 three new shows by Davies, "Cucumber", "Banana", and "Tofu", started,
He used to write doctor who episodes for Christopher Eccleston and David Tennant then left doctor who for a while but now returns in 2023 to write new doctor who episodes for the current doctor Ncuti Gatwa. 

Davies is openly gay.

Hunedoara County

Hunedoara (; ) is a county (Judeţ) of Romania, in Transylvania. The capital of Hunedoara County is Deva.

About 485,000 people live in Hunedoara County.

Hunedoara County has an area of 7,063 km². 

Hunedoara County has 7 municipalities, 7 towns and 55 communes.



Murray Gold

Murray Gold (born 1969 in Portsmouth) is an English composer for stage, movie, and television.
He composed the music for the popular science-fiction program Doctor Who, and many other TV programmes and Movies.

American League Championship Series

In Major League Baseball, the American League Championship Series (ALCS), played in October, is a playoff round that decides the winner of the American League pennant. The winner of the series moves on to play the winner of the National League Championship Series in baseball's championship, the World Series. It is a "best-of-seven" series, meaning the first team to win four games 

In 1969, MLB expanded the leagues to two divisions. As a result, the League Championship Series was implemented. Originally, it was a best-of-five series, meaning a team had to win three games to advance to the World Series. In 1985, the LCS was expanded to a best-of-seven format. 

Since 1995, the two winners of the ALDS advance to the ALCS.

Click the link on the far left for detailed information on that series.
†"Denotes wild-card team (since 1995)."

Stellar classification

In astronomy, stellar classification is a way of grouping stars by temperature. Star temperature can be measured by looking at its spectrum, the type of light that the star shines.

Stars are also grouped into spectral types or classes by color. In general, a star's temperature determines its color, from red to blue-white. Spectral types are named with a letter. The seven main types are "M", "K", "G", "F", "A", "B" and "O". "M" stars are the coldest stars and "O" stars are the hottest. 

The Harvard classification system is a one-dimensional classification scheme. Stars vary in surface temperature from about 2,000 to 40,000 kelvin. Physically, the classes indicate the temperature of the star's atmosphere and are normally listed from hottest to coldest, as is done in the following table: 

Note: The conventional color description describe only the peak of the stellar spectrum. However, the actual apparent colors the eye sees are lighter than the conventional color descriptions. 

The mass, radius, and luminosity listed for each class are appropriate only for stars on the main-sequence portion of their lives and so are not appropriate for red giants and blue and red supergiants. The spectral classes O through M are subdivided by Arabic numerals (0–9). For example, A0 denotes the hottest stars in the A class and A9 denotes the coolest ones. The Sun is classified as G2.
The Hertzsprung-Russell diagram is more often used in astronomy. It relates the absolute magnitude and the surface temperature. It is as important to astronomy as the periodic table is to chemistry.

Luminosity classes also exist and stars can be assigned to one based on their spectrum. The conventional classes are called the Yerkes system.

Our Sun, a yellow dwarf, is G2V. Red giants are K to M and have luminosity class III. Blue supergiants are O to A with II to Ia, while red supergiants are K to M with II to Ia.

The "conventional color" descriptions are traditional in astronomy, and represent colors relative to the mean color of an "A-class star" which is considered to be white. The "apparent color" descriptions are what the observer would see if trying to describe the stars under a dark sky without aid to the eye, or with binoculars. 

The Sun itself is white, though it is sometimes called a yellow star. This is a natural consequence of the evolution of human optical senses: the response curve that maximizes the overall efficiency against solar illumination will by definition perceive the Sun as white, though there is some subjective variation between observers.

Type O stars are stars with temperatures of ~35,000 degrees Celsius or Kelvin. They are blue in color and can be more than 6.5 times bigger than the Sun. They are also very massive but, at the same time, very rare. Examples:

Type B stars are blue stars which have temperatures of ~25,000 degrees (Celsius or Kelvin). They are high in helium spectral lines and luminosity (brightness compared to the Sun), with moderately strong hydrogen lines. B type stars with Balmer lines in their spectra are part of the Be stars subtype. Examples:

Type A stars are white stars which have the strongest hydrogen lines. They are some of the brightest stars in the sky. Temperatures ~10,000 degrees Celsius or Kelvin. Examples:

Type F stars are yellow stars that contain dominant calcium lines in their spectra. They have temperatures of ~7,500 degrees Celsius or Kelvin. Examples:

Type G stars are yellow stars with temperatures between 5,700-6,400 degrees Kelvin. Ionized calcium and iron are present in their spectra. Examples:

Type K stars are orange to orange-red stars with temperatures between 4,100-5,100 degrees. Molecules begin to appear in weak spectral lines. Examples:

Type M stars are the most common type of star in the universe. Red dwarfs, smaller than the sun, temperatures 3,000-4,000 degrees Kelvin and more common than red giants, which are old 3,100 degree Celsius stars in the last stages of their life. Red hypergiants are also the biggest stars, while red dwarfs, having a fully convective structure, exhaust their hydrogen fuel very slowly compared to other stars. These stars are cool enough to allow molecules to exist intact in their atmosphere; these leave many dark spectral lines. Examples:



Norwell, Massachusetts

Norwell is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts.

Grimsby Town F.C.

Grimsby Town F.C. is a football club which plays in England.


Thoa Mehram Khan

Thoa Mehram Khan is a village and Union Council of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Talagang Tehsil.

Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937 movie)

Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is a 1937 American animated musical fantasy movie. It was made by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is based on the German fairy tale "Snow White" by the Brothers Grimm. It is the first full-length cel animated movie and the earliest in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series. The story was adapted by storyboard artists Dorothy Ann Blank, Richard Creedon, Merrill De Maris, Otto Englander, Earl Hurd, Dick Rickard, Ted Sears and Webb Smith. David Hand was the supervising director, while William Cottrell, Wilfred Jackson, Larry Morey, Perce Pearce, and Ben Sharpsteen directed the movie's different sequences.

"Snow White" was first shown at the Carthay Circle Theatre on December 21, 1937. It was released across the United States on February 4, 1938. With international earnings of $8 million during its initial release, the movie for a bit had the record of highest grossing sound movie at the time. The popularity of the movie has led to it being re-released theatrically many times, until its home video release in the 1990s. Adjusted for inflation, it is one of the top ten performers at the North American box office.

At the 11th Academy Awards, Walt Disney was awarded an honorary Oscar. The movie was nominated for Best Musical Score. It was added to the United States National Film Registry in 1989 and is ranked in the American Film Institute's list of the 100 greatest American films, who also named the movie as the greatest American animated movie of all time in 2008. Disney's take on the fairytale has had a huge cultural impact, resulting in popular theme park attractions, a video game, and a Broadway musical.

The 90th Anniversary Movie at Glasgow Film Theatre in the 21st of December 2027.

An evil queen has a mirror and asks "Magic mirror, on the wall, who's the fairest of them all?" The mirror answers "Snow White". Snow White is the princess of the kingdom and the evil queen is her stepmother. The evil queen is jealous of Snow White's beauty so she sends a huntsman to kill her. However, he decides not to and lets Snow White escape.

Snow White is lost in the woods, and comes across the home of seven little men, or dwarves. She cleans their home, and they allow her to stay with them. The queen eventually finds out that the huntsman did not kill Snow White. The queen, who is also a witch, transforms into an old hag. She goes to the dwarfs' cottage the next day while they're out and gets Snow White to bite into an apple with makes her fall dead. 

Suddenly, the dwarfs chase the old hag up a cliff and trap her. The hag tries to crush them with a boulder but lightning strikes the cliff and she falls off. Snow White is awakened by the kiss of a handsome prince and they get married.

Development on "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" began in early 1934, and in June 1934, Walt Disney announced the production of his first feature to the "New York Times". Before "Snow White", the Disney studio had been mainly involved in the production of highly successful animated shorts in the "Mickey Mouse" and "Silly Symphonies" series. Disney hoped to enlarge his studio's reputation and money by moving into features, and estimated that "Snow White" could be produced for a budget of $250,000 - ten times the budget of an average "Silly Symphony".

Walt Disney had to fight to get the movie produced. Both his brother Roy Disney and his wife Lillian attempted to talk him out of it, and the Hollywood movie industry mockingly referred to the movie as "Disney's Folly" while it was in production. He even had to mortgage his house to help finance the movie's production, which eventually ran up a total cost of just over $1.5 million, a huge sum for a movie in 1937.

Princess Snow White (voiced by Adriana Caselotti) was the daughter of a great king whose wife died when the daughter was born. Her evil stepmother forced her to work as a maid in the castle because she was afraid of Snow White one day will be fairer than her. Despite this, she is cheerful but naive and everyday wishes to has a beautiful life with her Prince Charming. One day who the magic mirror said Snow White is fairer than the Queen she sends a huntsman to kill the princess. At last that's very hard and the huntsman leaves her go to the forest. 

After her adventures in the forest she with the help of the forest animals she finds the cottage of the seven dwarves and clean up that. After she went to sleep the seven dwarves return and meet her. After the meeting they promised to protect her from the Queen and Snow White takes the role of their mother clean up the home and cook. After the Queen disguised to a peddler and went to Snow White with a poisoned apple. She finally eat the apple because the Queen said is a magical wishing apple. After the death of the Queen the dwarves make for her a glass coffin. Years later her Prince came and said good bye to her with a kiss but that kiss was the only one thing who can break the spell and Snow White turned back to life. Said goodbye and kissed in the forehead the dwarves and pleased all of them for their help and honesty and went with the prince in his Fairytale Castle in the Clouded Heaven. 

Virginia Davis, who starred in Disney's "Alice" series, was considered for the role of Snow White, but was turned down. Deanna Durbin was also considered, but was turned down because her voice was "too mature" for the role.

The Evil Queen (voiced by Lucille La Verne) is the stepmother of Snow White. Once her magic mirror tells her that Snow White is fairer than she is, she tells a huntsman to kill her in the woods. After she finds out that Snow White did not die, she disguises herself as an old hag and uses a poisoned apple in order to kill Snow White. After she poisoned Snow White she started to run away because the dwarves were hunting her and climbed in the cliff of a mount. In the cliff she was trying to fall a giant rock in the dwarves and kill them, when she started to laugh a big thunderbolt fell on her and broke the cliff and the Queen fell in her wild deathly fate and after the rock fell on her and threshed her bones. Finally two wicked vultures who followed her went in her to eat her dead threshed body.

The Prince (voiced by Harry Stockwell) Prince first sees Snow White to sings in her wishing well and fell in love with. After she saw him the Prince sang for her a romantic song and promised he will come back for her. After Snow White's death he returned and gave Snow White a kiss to say to her good bye but with the kiss broke the spell and with her returned in his Great Fairytale Castle in the Clouded Heaven.

The Seven Dwarfs are a group of dwarf miners who become friends with Snow White after she finds their cottage. After she eats the poison apple from the Evil Queen, the Dwarfs chase the Queen up a cliff, which she falls off.

The Seven Dwarfs are: 


Unvoiced characters include Snow White's animal friends, the Queen's raven, and the vultures who follow the Witch. However, although the animals did not have human speaking voices, their natural calls were very lifelike, and were all voiced by champion whistler and animal mimic Purv Pullen (a.k.a. A. Purves Pullen), who would provide bird and animal calls for Disney movies (including numerous Pluto cartoons) for several decades. Pullen also produced the bird calls for the Enchanted Tiki Room attractions at Disney theme parks. During the 1940s and 1950s, he performed as "Dr. Horatio Q. Birdbath" with the comedy band Spike Jones & His City Slickers. Not only that, but Marion Darlington and George Magrill also provided vocal effects for the birds and the doves.


Before the credits, there's a message by Walt Disney. It reads: "My sincere appretiation to the members of my staff whose loyalty and creative endeavor made possible this production. "Walt Disney""


"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" was first shown in cinemas on December 21, 1937. It was released across the United States on February 4, 1938. It has been re-released many times since. The first time was in 1944, in order to raise money for the Disney studio during World War II. This set a tradition of re-releasing Disney animated features every seven to ten years. "Snow White" was re-released to theaters in 1952, 1958, 1967, 1975, 1983, 1987 and 1993.

Disney's wife, Lillian, told him that no one will go pay anything to see a dwarf picture. "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" premiered at the Carthay Circle Theater on December 21, 1937 to a very impressed audience, many of the same people who called the movie "Disney's Folly." The movie received a prasie from many child actors audience that included Charlie Chaplin and Paulette Goddard, Shirley Temple, Mary Pickford, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Judy Garland, Ginger Rogers, Jack Benny, Fred MacMurray, Clark Gable and Carole Lombard, Burns and Allen, Ed Sullivan, Milton Berle, John Barrymore, and Marlene Dietrich. Six days later, Walt Disney and the seven dwarfs appeared on the cover of "Time" magazine. The "New York Times" said "Thank you very much, Mr. Disney." RKO Radio Pictures put the movie into general release on February 4, 1938, and it went on to become a huge box-office success, making more money than any other movie in 1938. In fact, for a short time, "Snow White" was the highest-grossing movie in American cinema history, until it was beat by "Gone with the Wind" in 1939. When taking inflation into account, and including rereleases, the movie still remains one of the top ten American movie moneymakers of all time.

"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" was the first full-length animated feature movie made in English and Technicolor (not counting the "Academy Award Review of Walt Disney Cartoons"), and won an Academy Award for Walt Disney as a huge movie which has charmed millions and started a great new form of entertainment. Disney won a full-size Oscar statuette and seven small ones, given to him by 10-year-old child actress Shirley Temple.

The movie was also nominated for Best Musical Score. "Some Day My Prince Will Come" has become a jazz standard that has been performed by numerous artists, including Buddy Rich, Lee Wiley, Oscar Peterson, and Miles Davis.

Noted moviemakers such as Sergei Eisenstein and Charlie Chaplin praised the movie as a huge achievement in cinema. The movie inspired Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to produce its own fantasy movie, "The Wizard of Oz" in 1939. The 1943 "Merrie Melodies" short "Coal Black and de Sebben Dwarfs", directed by Bob Clampett, parodies "Snow White" by presenting the story with an all-black cast singing a jazz score.

In June 2008, the American Film Institute revealed its "Ten top Ten"—the best ten movies in ten "classic" American movie genres. After polling over 1,500 people from the creative community, "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" was acknowledged as the best movie in the animation genre.

Snow White's Scary Adventures is a popular theme park ride at Disneyland (an opening day attraction dating from 1955), Walt Disney World's Magic Kingdom, Tokyo Disneyland, and Disneyland Paris. Snow White, her Prince, and the Seven Dwarfs are also featured in parades and character appearances throughout the parks.

A video game was released for the Game Boy Color system. Snow White appears in the popular PlayStation 2 game "Kingdom Hearts" as one of the seven fabled Princesses of Heart.

A live-action adaptation of the film titled Snow White will be released in 2024. It stars Rachel Zegler as Snow White and Gal Gadot as the Evil Queen.

There have been a lot of controversies surrounding the remake for several reasons including the casting of non-little actors as the dwarfs, the changed made to Snow White's character as well as Rachel Zegler's negative opinions about the original film.


Captain Jack Harkness

Captain Jack Harkness is a fictional character in the British television series "Doctor Who" and "Torchwood". He is played by actor John Barrowman. He was first in "Doctor Who" in the 2005 episode "The Empty Child" and is in the show throughout the rest of the 2005 series as a companion of the Ninth Doctor. Jack later becomes the main character in "Torchwood", an adult-themed spin-off of "Doctor Who". He comes back into "Doctor Who" in the 2007 series and he meets the Tenth Doctor, and returned again for the 2008 series.

Jack is a time traveller and former conman from the 51st century. A bisexual. In contrast to the wiser and older Doctor, Jack prefers a hands-on solution to the problem at hand. As a consequence of his death and being brought back in the last episode of the 2005 series of "Doctor Who", the character becomes immortal, which does not change during both "Doctor Who" and "Torchwood".

 In naming the character, executive producer and head writer Russell T Davies got inspiration from the Marvel Comics character Agatha Harkness, Jack's original appearances in "Doctor Who" were thought of with the intention of forming a character arc in which Jack is changed from a coward to a hero, and John Barrowman consciously minded this in his portrayal of the character. Following on that arc, the character's debut episode would leave his morality as ambiguous, publicity materials asking, "Is he a force for good or ill?"

The character is described as both "lethally charming... good looking and utterly captivating", as well as "flirtatious, cunning, clever and a bit of an action man". Within "Doctor Who", Jack's personality is light-hearted, although this changes in "Torchwood"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s first series, where he becomes a darker character. In "Torchwood" Series 1, Jack has been shaped by his ongoing search for the Doctor and also by his role as a leader, in which he is predominantly more aloof. During The second series of "Torchwood", Jack became a much more light-hearted character once again, after appearances in "Doctor Who" where he was reunited with the Doctor.

From the Torchwood onwards, Harkness wears period military clothes from the second World War, including braces and an officer's wool greatcoat in every appearance. Costume designer Ray Holman comments that "We always wanted to keep the World War Two hero look for him, so all his outfits have a 1940s flavor. We knew he'd be running around a lot, so I redesigned his RAF Group Captain's greatcoat from "Doctor Who" to make it more fluid, because the real things are very weighty... The rest of Jack's costumes are loosely wartime based, so he has big wartime trousers which are getting more and more styled to suit his figure. There are actually five Captain Jack coats used on the show - one hero version which is used for most scenes, one wetcoat made with a pre-shrunk fabric, a running coat which is slightly shorter so John's heels do not catch when he runs and two stunt coats - which were 'hero coats' back in Series 1."

Discussing whether his character could ever find a soulmate, John Barrowman refutes that Jack "likes everybody, and his love for each person is different". He believes that Jack does harbour romantic feelings toward the Doctor, but "would never take that beyond infatuation" and "would never let the Doctor know". Barrowman describes Jack's love for Ianto as "lustful", and if he ever were to settle down with him, he would "let Ianto know that he [Jack] has to play around on the side". John Barrowman and Gareth David-Lloyd have also opined that Jack's relationship with Ianto has however brought out Jack's empathy, and helped to ground him. In contrast, if he settled down with Gwen, "he'd have to commit completely" to her; this is why he does not act on his feelings for her, because even though she would let him flirt with other people, he could "never afford to do anything more Eve Myles, who portrays Gwen, describes theirs as a "palpable love" and opines that "with Jack and Gwen, it’s the real thing and they’re going to make you wait for that." "Torchwood" Series Two sees Jack promise both Gwen and Ianto that they were the reason he returned to Cardiff. Barrowman claims that Jack also "fancies" fellow companion Martha Jones, admiring her "tenacity" and willingness to "spat with him", and describes Jack's love for Toshiko and Owen as "fatherly", stating "He was guiding them. That's why it was so devastating for him to lose them." Offering reasons why Jack could never find "The One", Barrowman brings up the character's immortality. "He always loses them. He outlives them. They die. He watches them get old. That bothered him in Series One [of "Torchwood"], but now he's come to terms with that, I think... so now he just sleeps around!"

In several instances in "Torchwood", Jack displays no problems with killing a person of any species, which within "Doctor Who", allows Jack's character to act in ways the lead character cannot. When reuniting with the Doctor in the 2007 series, he is verbally warned "don't you dare" when pointing a gun. Witnessing the murder of his colleague Owen, Jack shoots his killer in the forehead, killing him in an act of quick revenge. Whilst the Doctor scorns Jack for joining the Torchwood Institute (an organisation he perceives as xenophobic and aggressive), Jack maintains that he reformed the Institute in the Doctor's image; Jack himself had initially been critical of the moral failings of a 19th-century Torchwood.


Hurricane Fico

Hurricane Fico of the 1978 Pacific hurricane season was a tropical cyclone that caused damage in Hawaii.

A tropical depression formed on July 7 and organized into the sixth tropical storm of the season the next day. Initially heading west-northwest, it changed direction to almost due west shortly after reaching Category 4 intensity on July 11. After spending over a day at that intensity, Fico decayed and fell back down to a mid-range Category 1 on July 14. Fico then reintensified back to Category 4 strength the next day.

The hurricane's strength fluctuated, but Fico stayed a major hurricane until July 17, when it entered the central Pacific as a Category 1. It slowly intensified and became a major hurricane yet again on the 21st. At this point, Fico turned to the northwest and slowly lost strength. The storm dropped to a tropical storm early on July 28, and went extratropical later that day. At a later date, the remnants were enmeshed in a frontal system which headed towards the Aleutian Islands.

Fico was a tropical cyclone for 20 days, and travelled a distance of roughly 5500 mi (9000 km), both of which were records. It was also a hurricane for 17 consecutive days. Both of Fico's records have been broken. Hurricane Tina and then Hurricane John outlasted Fico. John also outran its distance record.

Fico never made landfall. Despite this, it pounded the Big Island with 15-30 foot waves doing "considerable damage" to roads and buildings along the coast. Smaller waves also broke on the southern shores of Maui with minimal effects. Six people aboard a sloop were washed overboard and rescued, while a tugboat was driven aground on a reef at Kukuiula. A weakening Fico also caused a sharp wind gradient, producing gusty gale-force winds that blew across the islands, knocking over trees and causing power outages. Fico's extratropical remnants caused heavy rains and gales south of Cold Bay in the Aleutians.

The name Fico was retired after this storm and replaced with Fabio in the 1982 season.


Software release

When a piece of software is released it has usually gone through different steps in its development. Software that was released, can be purchased, downloaded, or, generally used by customers. Usually these steps are:

The Best of Billie

The Best of Billie is an album by British pop singer Billie Piper. It was released by EMI on 8 August 2005. The album contained Piper's single releases as well as B-sides.


Girlfriend (Billie song)

"Girlfriend" is a single released by Billie Piper in 1998. It is from her first album "Honey to the B". It reached No. 1 in the United Kingdom. This made her the youngest and first female solo singer to reach the top spot with her first two singles.

On the American track listing for "Honey to the B", the radio remix replaces the original album version.

UK CD Single 1<br>


UK CD Single 2 (Contains Free Poster)<br>


Naresuan University

Naresuan University is a university in Phitsanulok, Thailand.

NU stands for Naresuan University. The first symbol of this university is the statue of King Naresuan the great. The second is the King Naresuan’s elephant.
The school flower is Lagerstroemia loudonii Binn. The school colors are gray and orange. Gray means the color of wisdom. Orange means the color of braveness and goodness.

Naresuan University is the sources of acknowledgement and we support pupils to be the good people in Thai society.

Naresuan University’s ideology is to make pupils have educations, goodnesses and ethical behaviors to live with other people in society happily.

The determinations of Naresuan University are not only to be the head of academy in south north region which developing the pupils to be the good pundit and can live happily with the other people in society, but also reduce the environment.


Bayinnaung

Bayinnaung Kyawhtin Nawrahta (Burmese: ဘုရင့်နောင် ကျော်ထင်နော်ရထာ, ; 16 January 1516 – 9 November 1581) was the third king of the Toungoo dynasty of Burma (Myanmar). He was king for 30 years. This time has been called the "greatest explosion of human energy ever seen in Burma". As king, Bayinnaung created the largest empire in the history of Southeast Asia. This empire included much of Burma, Manipur, Chinese Shan States (southern Yunnan), Lan Na (northern Thailand), Siam (central and southern Thailand) and Lan Xang (Laos and northeastern Thailand).

Bayinnaung's made the Shan States part of the Burmese kingdoms. This removed the threat of Shan raids into Upper Burma. This had been a concern to Upper Burma since the late 13th century. The kink took control of the Shan States in 1557. He put in an administrative system that took away much of the power of the Shan saophas (chiefs). The also made changes to some of their customs to make them similar to other customs in the kingdoms. His policy for dealing with the Shan was used by all Burmese kings until the kingdom was taken control of by the British in 1885.

He could not use this policy everywhere in his very large empire. His empire was a group of former sovereign kingdoms. The kings of each of the kingdoms were loyal to him. He was the Cakravartin (Universal Ruler). They were not loyal to the kingdom itself. Siam left the kingdom three years after of his death in 1584. By 1599, all the sub-kingdoms had left. Bayinnaung's empire had ended.

He is thought to be one of the three best Burmese kings. The other two are Anawrahta and Alaungpaya. Many well known places in modern Myanmar are named after him. He is also well known in Thailand because of a popular song and book. Both are called "Phu Chana Sip Thit". The name means "the Conqueror of Ten Directions."

Transformers (movie)

Transformers is a 2007 live-action American movie adaptation of the "Transformers" franchise, directed by Michael Bay and written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman. It stars Shia LaBeouf as Sam Witwicky.

This movie has a sequel, "".

The Decepticons, an evil race of alien robots, attack a U.S. military unit stationed in the Middle East. The men launch an immediate offensive—but meanwhile, back in the States, Secretary of Defense John Keller (Jon Voight) learns of a secret U.S. project involving Megatron (voiced by Hugo Weaving), a bad robot that crash-landed in the Arctic In the film's civilian side-story, teenager Sam (Shia LaBeouf) buys a used car, unaware it is an Autobot, a good robot. Neither does Sam realize that he has in his possession the key to the all-powerful cube-- The Allspark, which is the spark of Primus, the god of the Transformers-- which all the robots, good and bad, want. The film's many characters and plots collide with the help of the Autobots' brave, red-and-blue-colored leader Optimus Prime (Peter Cullen).



Siam Paragon

Siam Paragon is a shopping mall in Bangkok, the largest in Thailand. It opened on 9 December 2005. The mall is in the district of Pathumwan. It covers in an area of . More than 4000 cars can park in its parking lot. Siam Paragon is the first place in Thailand that have 26 glass elevators. 

In addition to the stores in the mall, there are many other special locations. The mall has a multiplex movie theater. It has 15 large theaters One of the theaters has the largest screen in Asia. Also, more people can sit in that theater than any other Asian theater. Siam Ocean World (Underwater world) is an aquarium. It is the largest aquarium in South East Asia. The mall also has exhibition hall, Thai Art Gallery, an opera concert hall, a large bowling alley and a karaoke center.

There are also many different restaurants in the mall.

Tropical Storm Ana (2003)

Tropical Storm Ana was the only tropical cyclone on record in the Atlantic Ocean in the month of April. Ana was the first tropical storm of the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season. Tropical Storm Ana was two kinds of storms, a "subtropical cyclone", and a "tropical cyclone". It formed as a subtropical cyclone on April 20, while it was to the west of Bermuda. It moved towards the east-southeast and began to get better organized. On April 21, the subtropical cyclone became a tropical cyclone. Tropical Storm Ana then turned towards the east-northeast. It quickly lost strength because of wind shear and a close cold front. On April 24, Ana became an extratropical cyclone. 

The storm moved near Bermuda, while causing light rainfall. The remnants of the storm also dropped rain in the Azores and the United Kingdom. Stormy sea waters caused by the storm capsized a boat near Florida coastline. The incident killed two people.

A low pressure area formed to the south, and southwest, of Bermuda on April 18. A trough, which is a type of weather system, brought an area of clouds into the low pressure system. The low pressure system moved towards the north. After turning towards the northwest, the weather system looped southeastward. Thunderstorm activity became stronger near the center of the cyclone. The storm was named Subtropical Storm Ana on April 20, while located about 250 miles (400 km) west of Bermuda.

The subtropical storm moved to the east-southeastward and it continued to get stronger. It is estimated that Ana became a tropical storm by 0000 UTC on April 21. When it became a tropical cyclone, Ana reached its highest winds of 60 mph (95 km/h). Shortly after, Ana came close to Bermuda. Strong wind shear began to remove a lot of the thunderstorm activity from Ana. Ana continued to move eastward, and early on April 22, the wind shear again removed the thunderstorms from the center of the storm. After turning towards the northeast, the core of Ana merged with a cold front on April 24. Because of t his, Tropical Storm Ana turned into an extratropical cyclone. The remnants of the cyclone sped towards the east-northeastward, before it died out on April 27.

Before Ana was formed, the government of Bermuda declared a gale warning for the island. When Ana formed, a tropical storm warning was also issued for Bermuda. The storm moved close to Bermuda and dropped 2.63 inches (67 mm) of rainfall the Bermuda International Airport. The winds on the island were light. 

Stormy seas from the storm reached the coast of Florida in the United States. A couple of factors, which included the stormy seas, caused a boat to capsize in Jupiter Inlet. Two people on the ship drowned, and the others were rescued. The remnants of Ana dropped 0.87 inches (22 mm) of rainfall in the city of Ponta Delgada in the Azores. Clouds from the remnants of Ana also caused rain in the United Kingdom. Two ships experienced tropical storm force winds because of Ana.

Ana was the second subtropical cyclone on record in the Atlantic basin in the month of April. When the storm became a tropical cyclone, it was also the first Atlantic tropical storm in the month of April. Because the damage from Ana was not bad, the name "Ana" was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization. The name Ana was used again in 2009.


Hymenoptera

The Hymenoptera is one of the larger orders of insect. It includes the bees, wasps, sawflies and ants. There are over 130,000 recognised species, with many more remaining to be described. The name is derived from the Greek words "hymen" meaning 'membrane' and "ptera" meaning 'wings. The hindwings are connected to the forewings by a series of hooks called "hamuli".

Females typically have a special ovipositor for inserting eggs into hosts or otherwise inaccessible places. The ovipositor is often modified into a stinger. The young develop through complete metamorphosis — that is, they have a worm-like larval stage and an inactive pupal stage before they mature (See holometabolism).

These are the sawflies, the most primitive Hymenoptera. Their adults do not have a narrow 'waist' between the thorax and abdomen. The female's ovipositor is adapted to burrowing or sawing into the substrate, usually plant tissue. 

These, the bees, wasps and ants, have a 'waist' between the thorax and abdomen. They are by far the most numerous Hymenoptera, and include the famous groups of colonial insects. In fact, the group with the most species is not colonial; it is the vast number of parasitoid wasps, such as the Ichneumons.

Hymenoptera originated in the Triassic: the oldest fossils belong to the Sawfly family Xyelidae. Social hymenopterans appeared during the Cretaceous.

Syrian Americans

Syrian Americans are citizens of the United States of Syrian ancestry or nationality. This ethnic group includes first generation immigrants, and descendants of Syrians who immigrated to the United States. It is believed that Syrians first arrived in the United States in large number in 1880. Many of the earliest Syrian Americans settled in New York, Boston, and Detroit. Immigration from Syria to the United States was stopped for a long time after the United States Congress passed the Immigration Act of 1924, which made it difficult.

More than forty years later, the Immigration Act of 1965, removed the quotas and immigration from Syria to the United States increased very much. It is estimated that 64,600 Syrians immigrated to the United States between 1961 and 2000.

Most of the Syrian immigrants to the US from 1880 to 1960 were Christian; a small minority were Jewish, Muslim Syrians arrived in the United States mostly after 1965. According to the United States 2000 Census, there were 142,897 Americans of Syrian ancestry, about 12% of the Arab population in the United States.

It is believed that the first Syrian immigrants arrived in the United States from Greater Syria in the 1880s and worked as peddlers, selling linen and other similar types of goods. Before 1920, the area now known as Syria was actually part of Greater Syria, an area which included the four modern countries of Lebanon, Jordan, Palestine, and Syria itself. Most immigrants from the region were classified as "Syrian," even though they were not ethnic Syrian; some were even registered as Syrian Turks as Syria was under Ottoman rule for 400 years. This makes difficulties in trying to work out how many Syrians arrived in the early years.

Most of the early Syrian immigrants came from Christian villages around Mount Lebanon. According to historian Philip Hitti, approximately 90,000 "Syrians" arrived in the United States between 1899 and 1919. An estimated 1,000 official entries per year came from the governorates of Damascus and Aleppo, which are governorates in modern-day Syria, in the period between 1900 and 1916. Early immigrants settled mainly in northeastern United States, in the cities of New York City, Boston and Detroit and the Paterson, New Jersey area.

According to the United States 2000 Census, there are 142,897 Americans of Syrian ancestry living in the United States. New York City has the biggest concentration of Syrian Americans in the United States. Other urban areas, including Boston, Dearborn, New Orleans, Toledo, Cedar Rapids, and Houston have large Syrian populations. Syrian Americans are also numerous in Southern California (i.e. the Los Angeles and San Diego areas) and Arizona.

The first Syrian immigrants to the United States wore traditional clothing, this along with the fact that they tended to work as peddlers, led to some xenophobia. Dr. A. J. McLaughlin, the United States health officer at Marine Hospital, described Syrians as "parasites in their peddling habits." U.S. authorities claimed that Syrians had no right to become naturalized because they were Asian and did not belong to the white race. However, Syrians reacted quickly to assimilate fully into their new culture. Immigrants Anglicized their names, adopted the English language and common Christian denominations.

Syrians did not stay together in urban areas; many of the immigrants who had worked as peddlers were in contact with Americans on a daily basis. This helped them to absorb and learn the language and customs of their new homeland. Also military service during World War I and World War II helped assimilation. Assimilation of early Syrian immigrants was so successful that it has become difficult to recognize the ancestors of many families which have become completely Americanized.

After 1965 Immigration was mostly Muslim, and unlike their Christian counterparts they found it a bit harder assimilating because of their Islamic faith and the anti-assimilationist trend in America of the 1960s and 1970s. Also they are fond of their identity as Arabs, which might be a result of the bloom in multiculturalism to respect their Islamic religious customs and traditions in the United States.

Syrians are mainly Arabic speakers. While some may speak the formal literary Arabic, many Syrians speak Syrian Arabic, a dialect which belongs to the Levantine Arabic family of dialects. There are also sub-dialects in Syrian Arabic; for example, people from Aleppo have a distinct accent, one that differs considerably from that of people from Homs or Al-Hasakah. Syrians can usually understand the dialects of most Arabs, especially those who speak any form of Levantine Arabic.

Many old Syrian American families no longer speak Arabic because many parents do not teach their children Arabic. Newer immigrants, however, maintain their language traditions. The 2000 census shows that 79.9% of Syrian Americans speak English "very well". Throughout the United States, there are schools which offer Arabic language classes; there are also some Eastern Orthodox churches which hold Arabic services. Also to note Syria and Lebanon were briefly under French rule between 1918 and 1943 when they obtained independence, so many Syrian Americans are familiar with the French language.


Dipole antenna

The dipole antenna is one of the most important and commonly used type of radio antenna. It is widely used on its own. It is also used in many other radio antenna designs where it forms the radiating or driven element for the antenna.

The dipole antenna is made of two poles into which radio frequency current flows. This current and the voltage causes an electromagnetic or radio signal to be radiated. Being more specific, a dipole is usually an antenna that uses a resonant length of conductor. This conductor is cut so it can be connected to the what is sending the signal. For resonance, the length of the conductor is an odd number of half wavelengths long. In most cases a single half-wavelength is used.

The length of a dipole is very important for selecting the frequency that the antenna will work at. The antenna is an electrical half wavelength, or multiple of half wavelengths. This is not the same length as the wavelength for a signal travelling through air. There are a number of reasons for this. This means that an antenna will be a small amount shorter than the length calculated for a wave moving in air.

For a half wave dipole, the length for a wave moving in air is calculated. This number is multiplied by a factor ""A"". "A" is normally between 0.96 and 0.98. It is affected by the ratio of the length of the antenna to the thickness of the wire or tube used poles.

Dipole antennas are used for many different things. These include television antennas (commonly referred to as "rabbit ears"), shortwave radio antennas and whip antennas.

Analog signal processing

An analog signal processor is used to quickly process signals that can be too complex to handle any other way. A comparator is used to offer level triggers correct down to microvolts with reaction times in the picoseconds. Analog filters offer anti-aliasing in sampled value systems as inputs and outputs, and can be used as pre-filters in audio and communications. Analog multipliers and dividers are used to offer brief gain control, radiometric function, or continuous energy measurement, with surprising accuracy. Over-voltage protection applications can protect the front-end of analog transmission/receiver systems, multiplexers. Amplification and filtering for noise removal are the main feature of analog signal processing.

Delta Goodrem

Delta Lea Goodrem (born 9 November 1984) is an Australian actress and singer. Her first single, "I Don't Care", charted as high as #64 on Australia's ARIA Singles Chart in 2001. In the following year, Goodrem took up the role of a schoolgirl named Nina Tucker in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours". This helped her into becoming a well known musician.

Goodrem was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in July 2003, for which she was treated.

Delta Goodrem released her second single "Born to Try" in 2002. It charted at #1 on the ARIA Singles Charts for one week. Her third single, "Lost Without You", was released in February 2003. It charted at #1 on the ARIA Singles Charts for two separate weeks. Her album, "Innocent Eyes", was released in March the same year. It was #1 on the charts for 29 weeks. A single of the same name ("Innocent Eyes") was later released in June, followed by the release of two more singles from the album, "Not Me, Not I" and "Predictable".

In late 2004, Goodrem released the first single, "Out of the Blue", from her second album. The album, "Mistaken Identity", was released a month later. Other singles from the album include "Mistaken Identity", "A Little Too Late" and a duet with Brian McFadden, "Almost Here".

Delta Goodrem was asked to write a song for the 2006 Commonwealth Games Opening Ceremony and perform in the event herself. The single, "Together We Are One", was released on the "Commonwealth Games: Melbourne 2006 Opening Ceremony" compilation.

In 2007, Goodrem released a single titled "In This Life". It was from her third studio album "Delta" which was released a month later. Other singles from this album include "Believe Again", "You Will Only Break My Heart" and "I Can't Break It To My Heart".

In October 2012, Delta Goodrem released her fourth studio album, "Child of the Universe". Singles from this album include "Sitting on Top of the World", "Dancing With a Broken Heart" and "Wish You Were Here".

On 1 July 2016, Delta Goodrem's fifth studio album, "Wings of the Wild" was released. Singles from this album include "Only Human", "Wings", "Dear Life" and "Enough".

Tiber River

The Tiber (, ) is the third-longest river in Italy, rising in the Apennine Mountains in Emilia-Romagna and flowing mainly through Umbria and Lazio to the Tyrrhenian Sea, between Ostia and Fiumicino.

The river is well-known because the city of Rome was founded on its eastern banks.

The Tiber river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately , almost 5% of the territory of the country.

It is the third longest river of Italy, after the Po and the Adige rivers, and the second by drainage basin after the Po.

The Tiber starts near the town of "Balze", Verghereto "comune" in the southwestern end of the Forlì-Cesena province, in the southern side of Monte Fumaiolo. The source of the river is formed by two springs that are from each other in a forest on the mountain at an elevation of above sea level.

The Tiber flows through Emilia-Romagna about and then it gets into Tuscany where flows through Pieve Santo Stefano and Sansepolcro. Between these two localities there is a dam with a large reservoir that is named as Montedoglio Lake (). From here, the river flows through a wide plain ("Val Tiberina") and gets in the Perugia province (Umbria) and flows through the towns of Città di Castello and Umbertide.

To the south of Torgiano, it is joined by its left side by the Chiascio river and then, in the Marsciano dam, by the Nestore river by its right side. Soon another right tributary, the Paglia, joins the Tiber.

The river forms the border between the Umbria (province of Terni) and Lazio (province of Viterbo) regions. Near the city of Orte, it is joined by the left side by its main tributary, the Nera river.

It flows through the Lazio region (Viterbo, Rieti and Rome provinces) and is joined by the Aniene river, flows through the city of Rome and, finally, into the Tyrrhenian Sea between Ostia and Fiumicino.

The main tributaries are:

The average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) of the Tiber is at its mouth.

The mean monthly discharges (in m³) for 2011 in Rome were:



Flag of Italy

The flag of Italy () is a three colour flag. It has three same-sized strips of green, white, and red, in order from left to right. Its current form was adopted on the 1st of January 1948. In Italy it is called the "Tricolore".

Kele Okereke

Kelechukwu Rowland Okereke (born 13 October 1981), known as Kele Okereke, is a British singer and guitarist for rock band Bloc Party. He was born in Liverpool on 13 October 1981 and grew up in London, England, United Kingdom. His parents are from Nigeria. He is openly gay.

Russell Lissack

Russell Lissack (born 11 March 1981) is a British musician. He is the guitar player for the rock band Bloc Party and is also in the band Pin Me Down. He was born in Chingford in London.

Matt Tong

Matthew Chee Hung Tong or Matt Tong (born 29 April 1979), is a British musician. He played drums for the rock band Bloc Party, until his departure in 2013 and has been the drummer for Algiers since 2015. He was born in Bournemouth in England, United Kingdom but his parents were originally from England and Malaysia. In 2006, he married Brooke Vermilion, Kindness' old touring DJ.

Matt tong drummed on the Rina Sawayama track “Frankenstein.” 

Gordon Moakes

Gordon Peter Moakes (born 22 June 1976) is an English bass guitar player and singer for the rock band Bloc Party. He can also play the drums and Glockenspiel. He was born in Milton Keynes, England, United Kingdom. He is the oldest member of Bloc Party.

Moakes has a tattoo of a heart on his left arm and he has a new-born child called Scarlet.

With the Lights Out

With the Lights Out is a box-set album by the American grunge band Nirvana. It was released on November 23, 2004 on Geffen Records.

It was the only box set by Nirvana. It came out years after the band broke up after lead singer and guitarist Kurt Cobain died in 1994.





The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People

The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People is a book by Stephen R. Covey.
This book is about Ethics and Philosophy. It was published in 1989 and sold more than 15 million.





Kirchhoff's circuit laws

In 1845, German physicist Gustav Kirchhoff described two laws about electrical circuits..
These laws are generalizations of Ohm's law.
Kirchhoff's circuit laws are very useful in solving circuit problems.

Kirchhoff's current law is also known as Kirchhoff's first law and Kirchhoff's junction law.
This law states that 'The sum of current into a junction equals the sum of current out of the junction'.
This is the same as Kirchhoff's junction law. 
In a junction, the electric charge's sum preservation law is applied.
If the entering value of the current is i2 and i3, this current splits into the current of i1 and i4. Then the equation (i1 + i4 = i2 + i3) is satisfied.
The right picture gives an example.
This Kirchhoff's first law is that charge is not destroyed or created in a junction point.
This is based by an electric charge preservation law. 

Kirchhoff's voltage law is also known as Kirchhoff's second law, a closed circuit law and Kirchhoff's loop law.

The algebraic sum of the voltage (potential) differences in any loop must equal zero.(This circuit is a closed circuit)
Any complex circuit can be divided into many closed circuits.
This law means that in the circuit there is an electric cell and electric resistance.
The electric cell gives the charge a electromotive force, and then the electric resistance dissipates this force.
But in electric resistance if the direction is opposite of the current's direction, this electric resistance adds to the electromotive force.
This Kirchhoff's second law is based on potential energy preservation law.

Peter Henlein

Peter Henlein (or Henle or Hele) (1479/1480 – August 1542), was a locksmith and watchmaker from Nuremberg. He is often said to be the inventor of the watch. This is disputed. Henlein was certainly one of the first makers of the watch. Although many say that Henlein invented the mainspring, there are descriptions and two surviving examples show that spring driven clocks had already been made by the early 1400s. He did make improvements to the balance spring, which made it possible to make the watches smaller.

Around 1504 to 1508 Henlein did make a watch; a small, drum-shaped "Taschenuhr". It could run for forty hours before it needed rewinding. They were small enough to be worn around the neck, or carried in a bag or pocket. His watch only had an hour hand.



Microfabrication

Microfabrication is making things which are very small. The earliest micromanufacturing was used to make the different parts of a computer circuit board.

Microfabrication is used a lot in electronics.

Cavity magnetron

The cavity magnetron is a high-powered vacuum tube that makes microwaves using the interaction of a stream of electrons with a magnetic field. Electrons pass by holes (cavities), and the resonance creates microwaves, like blowing air on a flute creates sound (sound waves) of a certain pitch. The 'resonant' cavity magnetron type of the earlier magnetron tube was invented by John Randall and Harry Boot in 1940. The high power of pulses from the cavity magnetron made centimetre-band radar practical. Shorter wavelength radars allowed the finding of smaller objects. The small cavity magnetron tube made the size of radar sets much smaller so that they could be put into in aircraft and ships used to find submarines. At present, cavity magnetrons are commonly used in microwave ovens and in various radar applications.

Sanghar

Sanghar () is a city in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The city is headquarters of Sanghar District and Sanghar Taluka (a subdivision of the district). It is an agricultural town about 265km from Karachi. Unfortunately, there is no railway station and airport in the city. But the city does have road links with Hyderabad, Nawabshah, Mirpur Khas and other major cities of Sindh. 


Dadu, Pakistan

Dadu () is town in Sindh, Pakistan. Dadu is the capital of Dadu District. The town is located at 26°44'0N 67°47'0E with an altitude of 24 metres (82 feet) and is divided into three Union councils.

Hyderabad City Tehsil

Hyderabad City Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. Hyderabad District is divided into 4 talukas, the Urban area around the capital Hyderabad is part of Hyderabad City Taluka.

The Taluka of Hyderabad city is administratively subdivided into 11 Union Councils.

During Kalhora rule the city of Hyderabad became the capital of kingdom of Sindh, it was first named NEEROONKOT, But then the name was changed to HYDERABAD in the name of IMAM ALI A.S Who's one laqab was HAIDER OR HYDERABAD, kalhora's made big fortress named as PAKKA QILA and inside it was the whole prospered city later on talpurs fought war with kalhoro's and won the kingdom but the capital remained the same, later on British defeated the Talpurs in battle amd changed the capital to karachi and later on to the Bombay Presidency of British India. The then HYDERABAD city was smaller than the present city of hyderabad so the then URBAN AREA was made a taluka of HYDERABAD DISTRICT and named HYDERABAD URBAN TALUKA(TEHSIL), it still is a taluka or tehsil and consists of mostly urban area

According to the 1901 census, the taluka contained only one town - the capital, Hyderabad (population, 69,378). The taluka also at this time contained 98 villages and the population was 138,021, compared with 122,507 in 1891.

Hyderabad

Hyderabad can mean more than one city.


Hyderabad Taluka (rural)

Hyderabad Taluka (rural) is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. Hyderabad district is subdivided into 4 talukas, the Urban area around the capital Hyderabad is part of Hyderabad City Taluka.

The rural Taluka of Hyderabad is administratively subdivided into 11 Union Councils, these are:

Hatri

Hatri is a Union Council of Hyderabad Taluka (rural) in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It has a population of 29,719, and is located at 25°28'0N 68°24'0E lying to the north-east of the district capital - Hyderabad.

Hatri has 6,634 housing units. Among them 3813 are pacca, 575 semi pacca, and 2246 kacha housing units. According Pakistan Bureau of Statistics

Masu Bhurgri

Masu Bhurgri is a Union Council of Hyderabad Taluka (rural) in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It has a population of 24,362. It is located at 25°30'0N 68°28'0E to the north-east of the district capital - Hyderabad.

Moosa Khatiyan

Masu Bhurgri is a Union Council of Hyderabad Taluka (rural) in the Sindh province of Pakistan. 

Haji Sawan Khan Gopang

Haji Sawan Khan Gopang is a Union Council of Hyderabad Taluka (rural) in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It has a population of 24,005.

Tando Qaiser

Tando Qaisar is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is at 25°22'60N 68°31'0E to the east of the district capital Hyderabad.

Tando Hyder

Tando Hyder is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is part of the rural Taluka of Hyderabad and is located at 25°22'60N 68°25'60E and lies to the east of the capital Hyderabad.

Husri

Husri is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is part of the rural Taluka of Hyderabad. It is located at 25°19'0N 68°25'0E and is south-east of the capital Hyderabad.

Moolan

Moolan is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is part of the rural Taluka of Hyderabad.

Tando Fazal

Tando Fazal is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is part of the rural Taluka of Hyderabad and is located at . It is south-east of the capital Hyderabad.

Tando Jam

Tando Jam (ٽنڊوڄام) is a town and Union Council of Hyderabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is about 20 km away from Hyderabad city and 5 km from Tando Qaiser. It is on the Hyderabad to Mirpurkhas Road. 

Jacobabad

Jacobabad is the capital city of Jacobabad District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The city is also the administrative centre of Jacobabad Taluka, a subdivision of the district. The city itself is subdivided into 8 Union Councils.

Jacobabad is crossed by the Pakistan Railways and many main roads of the province. Jacobabad is said to be one of the hottest cities in Pakistan.

During British rule, as part of British India, the town was the headquarters of the Upper Sind Frontier District of the Bombay Presidency. It was famous for having the highest temperature in the Indian Subcontinent. In June the temperature is between 120° and 127 °F (49 to 53 °C).

The town was founded near the village of Khangarh in 1847 by Brigadier General John Jacob. General Jacob died here in 1858 and the city still bears his name.


Upper Sind Frontier District

Upper Sind Frontier District was a district of the Bombay Presidency during British Rule in what is now the Sindh province of Pakistan. Sind is an old spelling of Sindh.

The district was the northernmost part of Sindh. It was bordered to the north and west by the Dera Ghazi Khan District of the Punjab and by Baluchistan, on the south by Sukkur District, and on the east by the river Indus.

The District contained one town, Jacobabad, and 390 villages. According to the 1872 census it had a population of 115,050. In 1881 the population was 145,180. In 1891 the population had risen to 174,548. According to the 1901 census the population was 232,045.

The increase in 1901 was the largest. This was due to immigration from Baluchistan and the Punjab as well as a change in the borders of the district. According to the 1901 census, the main language was Sindhi. Sindhi was spoken by 165,110 people in 1901 (71 per cent). The Baluchi and Siraiki languages were also spoken in all parts of the District. Muslims formed 90 per cent of the total population and Hindus 9 per cent.

Jacobabad was the capital of the district. The district was subdivided into five talukas:


Jamshoro

Jamshoro () is the capital city of Jamshoro District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is on the right bank of Indus River. It is about northwest of the city of Hyderabad.


Khairpur, Pakistan

Khairpur (, khīr´poor) is the twelfth largest city in the province of Sindh in southeast Pakistan. Today it is the capital of Khairpur District. It was once the capital of the former princely state of Khayrpur.

According to the 1998 census, 102,188 lived there. At the 1981 census, there were only 61,447. In the last census Khairpur city had population of 183,120.




Khayrpur (princely state)

Khayrpur or Khairpur was a princely state on the Indus River in what is now Pakistan, with its capital city at Khayrpur. Together with Bahawalpur to the north-east, the state was included with the Punjab states rather than the neighbouring Rajputana states (now Rajasthan) to the east. 


Bahawalpur (princely state)

Bahawalpur was a princely state of the Punjab in what is now Pakistan. It was on the southern bank of the Sutlej and Indus Rivers. Its capital city was Bahawalpur. 

In 1941, the state had 1,341,209 people. It covered 45,911 km² (17,494 sq mi). It was divided into three districts: Bahawalpur, Rahimyar Khan and Bahawalnagar.

The state was created in 1690 by Bahadur Khan II. In 1833 Nawab Mohammad Bahawal Khan III signed an agreement with the British guaranteeing the independence of the Nawab from the British. The state agreed to become part of Pakistan on 7 October 1947. The state was then merged into the province of West Pakistan on 14 October 1955.

Seraiki (also called Riasti) is the main language spoken. Urdu and Punjabi are also major languages.

Dokri Taluka

Dokri Taluka () is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, the city of Larkana is the capital. This taluka is located to the south of Larkana city. The most populated town in this taluka is Badah. Dadu and Rice canals pass through this taluka.

Dokri Taluka is administratively subdivided into 13 Union Councils.

Larkana

Larkana or Larkano (لاڑکانہ) is city of Sindh Province, Pakistan. The city is the capital of Larkana District. In August 2000 Larkana celebrated its hundred years of existence. It is located on the south bank of the Ghar canal, 40 miles south of Shikarpur town, and 36 north-east of Mehar.

During British rule Larkana became headquarters of Larkana District and Larkana Taluka – and for a time was part of the Bombay Presidency of British India. Also the North-Western Railway passed through the town. The population according to the 1901 census was 14,543.

Sindhi is the main language but Siroli/Siraiki, a dialect of Sindhi language is also spoken. Sindhi and English are the official languages.

Larkana Taluka

Larkana Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The city of Larkana is the capital.

During British rule Larkana became headquarters of Larkana District and Larkana Taluka - and for a time was part of the Bombay Presidency of British India.

In 1901 the population was 100,827, compared with 90,15l in 1891. At that time the taluka contained one town, Larkana, and 72 villages. 

Larkana Taluka is administratively subdivided into 18 Union Councils.

Mirpur Khas

Mirpur Khas (Sindhi and ), is a city in the province of Sindh in Pakistan. It is the fourth largest city in the province with an estimated population of 124,371 (1981). It is the capital of Mirpur Khas District.

Its soil is fertile and the city is known for its horticulture produce and farming, of which the most celebrated is the mango cultivation with hundreds of varieties of mangoes produced each year.

Allahabad, Sindh

Allahabad is a town of Nawabshah District in the southern Sindh province of Pakistan. It is at 26°53'30N 67°45'0E.

Nawabshah Airport

Nawabshah Airport is at Nawabshah, Sindh, Pakistan.


Naushahro Feroze

Naushahro Feroze () is town in Naushahro Feroze District, Sindh, Pakistan. It is the capital of Naushahro Feroze District.

Tando Allahyar

Tando Allahyar (, ) is a town in Sindh, Pakistan. It is the capital of Tando Allahyar District.

Began Jarwar

Began Jarwar is a village and Head quarter of Union Council Began Jarwar of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan. It is part of Chamber Taluka. It is in the south of the district to the southeast of the district capital Tando Allahyar at 25°25'35N 68°50'20E. The Union Council has 41,890 people.

Bukera Sharif

Bukera Sharif is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan. It is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka in the southwest of the district.

Dad Khan Jarwar

Dad Khan Jarwar is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan. It has 65,295 people. It is part of Chamber Taluka. It is in the south of the district at 25°19'5N 68°43'20E.

Dasori

Dasori is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan. It has a population of 49,427 and is part of Jhando Mari Taluka.

Dhaghano Bozdar

Dhaghano Bozdar is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan. The Union Council has 56,892 people. It is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka. It is in the west of the district.

Mirabad

Mirabad is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan. It has 57,361 people. It is in the northeast of the district where it forms part of Jhando Mari Taluka.

Missan

Missan is a Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in Sindh, Pakistan. It is one of the largest Union Councils of the District, it has a population of over 13,000.

Pak Singhar

Pak Singhar is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan. It is and is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka. It is southeast of the capital. The Union Council has 43,473 people.

Piyaro Lund

Piyaro Lund is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan, it has 23,613 people. It is part of Jhando Mari Taluka. It is in the south of the district.

Sanjar Chang

Sanjar Chang is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan. It is and is part of Chamber Taluka and is in the southeast of the district, the Union Council has 35,169 people.

Shaikh Moosa

Shaikh Moosa is a town and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan. It is part of Tando Allahyar Taluka. It is in the centre of the district. The Union Council has 65,776 people.

Tando Soomaro

Tando Soomro, or Tando Soomaro, is a village and Union Council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. Tando Soomro lies 7 km to the north-west of the district capital - Tando Allahyar at 25°31'60N 68°40'60E.

Tando Soomro has many different communities or ‘Zaats’. There are two main communities in Tando Soomro: Nizamanis and Khaskhalis. There are also Maachhis, Bhayas, Narejas, Gurati Hindus, Daya, Syeds or Shah, Mirzas, Manganhars, Menghwaars, Koriyaa & Pashtuns, Wadhaas, Shiekh or Khatis, Shoras, Brohis, Pakhiara or Kihaas and Mirjats. The number of non-Muslims is 16,786, or 32% of the population which is significantly higher than the national average of 4%.


Jalalabad

Jalalabad () is a city in eastern Afghanistan. Jalalabad is the capital of Nangarhar Province. By road, it is about from Kabul to the west. It is also about the same distance from Peshawar in Pakistan to the east. About 360.000 people live there.

Although most of the people of Jalalabad are Pashtun, a few Dari-speaking Tajiks live there, too. Sunni Islam is the main religion of the people. 

Politics of Pakistan

The Politics of Pakistan has seen many changes over the years. The military have sometimes been running the country. Recently however the country has returned to democratic rule.

Pakistan is a federal republic, at the moment, the President of Pakistan is the head of state and the Prime Minister is head of government.

President of Pakistan

The president of Pakistan (, "Sadr-e-Mumlikat") is the head of state of Pakistan. Pakistan has a parliamentary form of government. According to the Constitution, the President is chosen by the Electoral College to serve a five-year term. The electoral college is made up of the Senate, National Assembly, and the provincial assemblies.

The position of president in Pakistan has usually been one of a figurehead. That is with real power being given to the Prime Minister. However the power of the president has changed over the years, due to the military changing the role.

In 1947, Pakistan became a dominion and part of the British Commonwealth with the British Monarch as head of state, represented by the Governor-General of Pakistan. In 1956 Pakistan established its first constitution and became a Republic, and the Queen and Governor-General were replaced by the president.

Pakistan's first president was Iskander Mirza, who was also the last Governor General. In 1958, he removed the constitution and declared martial law. A few weeks later, he was overthrown by General Ayub Khan, who then declared himself president. The constitution was changed and the president became the ruler of Pakistan. The constitution also said that the president be elected by the people. Elections were held in 1963, and Khan defeated Fatima Jinnah, sister of founder of Pakistan, Muhammad Ali Jinnah.

The President is now Arif Alvi, a former dentist. He has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018. Before, he was a member of the National Assembly from June 2013 to May 2018. He is a member of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, a moderate Party with democratic ideals.


Bakrani

Bakrani () is a town in Larkana District, Sindh province of Pakistan. This town is 12 km south of Larkana city on the Larkana-Mohenjo-daro road. It has an altitude of 53 metres and is the headquarters of Bakrani Taluka.

Ratodero

Ratodero is the capital of Ratodero Taluka a "sub-division" of Larkana District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is located some 30 km away from the district capital Larkana.

Ratodero Taluka is administratively subdivided into 9 Union Councils two of which form the town of Ratodero these are:


There have been many people from Ratodero including two former Prime Ministers - Zulfikar and Benazir Bhutto.

Hazrat Sufi Ghamdil sain

Languages of Pakistan

English is the official language of Pakistan. Urdu is the national language. It is also known as Lashkari Zaban or just Lashkari. It is believed to have started in Punjab with Lahore as its capital during Ghaznavid rule. 
There are also provincial languages, Balochi language, Pashto, Saraiki, Sindhi and Punjabi, and one semi-provincial language Koshur (Kashmiri language).
Pakistan is heir to one of the most ancient civilizations in the world along with Iraq and Egypt. They also had ancient indigenous languages before being replaced by their present-day languages. These languages have not been used in the domains of power because the rulers of these regions were generally foreigners. But the foreigners, whether the Persians, ancient Greeks, Arabs, Turco-Mongols as well as the British, have all influenced the indigenous languages so that their vocabulary is multilingual and varied. As the people of these areas converted to Islam, Arabic and Persian words influenced and became part of their identity, and remain so. In a sense, it is their very presence, as well as the Arabic-based scripts of all 75 Pakistani languages, which gave them a cultural unity.

Linguistically, Pakistan is almost entirely Indo-Iranic as its languages belong to the Indo-Iranic family of languages. Its scripture and vocabulary owe very much so to Arabic and based on Farsi (which also derived its own script from Arabic). 

For example; the national anthem is a highly Persianized form of Urdu.

Other languages include Burushaski, Balti, Domaaki, Gawar-bati, Erina, Wakhi, Shina and Brahvi.

Empedocles

Empedocles was a Greek pre-Socratic philosopher who lived in Agrigentum, a Greek colony in Sicily. 

Empedocles' philosophy is best known for being the origin of the cosmogenic theory of the four classical elements in the Western world. He also proposed powers called Love and Strife which would act as forces to bring about the mixture and separation of the elements. 

Influenced by the Pythagoreans, he supported the doctrine of reincarnation. Empedocles was perhaps the last Greek philosopher to record his ideas in verse. Some of his work still survives today, more so than in the case of any other Presocratic philosopher. Empedocles' death was mythologized by ancient writers, and has been the subject of a number of literary treatments.

Forensic psychology

Forensic psychology is a branch of psychology which relates to the law. The main part of forensic psychology is working with the criminal justice system.

Forensic psychology is the use of psychological practices and principles and applying them to the legal system, mainly in court. In 1893 James McKeen Cattell at Columbia University was the first to research and study the psychology of testimony. 

The American Psychological Association Council of Representatives in 2001 recognized Forensic psychology as a specialty. A broad definition for forensic psychology includes two parts. The first part is to research human behavior that is and/or can be related to the legal process. The second is the use of psychological practice to consult on and within the legal system, including both criminal and civil law. 

The public part of a forensic psychologist’s time is spent in a courtroom working as a witness for the court. They answer questions based on interviews and discussions with people suspected of a crime. One aspect of a forensic psychologist is to give evidence as to the suspect’s ability to stand trial. Another is to give their thoughts about the accused's state of mind at the time of the offense. At sentencing, a forensic psychologist may give evidence of mitigating circumstances arising from the accused's condition at the time.

Forensic psychology has some major roles in a court that bring psychology into a legal arena. The first is "malingering" a defendant is pretending to have a mental illness, or is lying to the court about his state of mind. A forensic psychologist keeps in mind that a defendant may have a mental disorder but also keeps in mind to watch for signs of deception, or errors in the defendant’s story. Another job of a forensic psychologist is to investigate the state of mind of the defendant at the time he or she committed the crime. Another is to see whether or not the defendant is able to be charged with the crimes due to his or her mental condition. Another job is to evaluate the defendant to see if he or she is able to be rehabilitated, or if they might commit the crime again.

The branch of psychology known as Forensic psychology has been in existence for a little over 50 years. This branch of psychology has gone through many changes throughout the years.

These changes have been possible due to a development in different ways to assess psychological factors. These assessments are used in courtrooms in order to work to understand behaviors which are criminal or abnormal. These tests include but are not limited to: The Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale, the Rorschach Ink Blot Test and The Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory. 

The ancient Greeks and Romans were the ones to first introduce the concept of insanity to the law. One of the first cases was Rex v. Arnold in 1723 in which Edward Arnold "Mad Ned" shot and injured Lord Onslow. As a result, Edward Arnold was found guilty and sentenced to death. But, Lord Onslow was not satisfied with this decision and said instead he should remain in prison for life. The judge ruled in his favor and that the behavior after the crime was admissible. This ruling set the stage for future trials to consider medical testimony and examinations performed after the crime. 

The Rorschach Ink Blot Test was developed in the 1930s by a man named Hermann Rorschach. With this test, subjects were shown an ambiguous blot of ink on a page and were asked to describe what they see. Based on the response of the subject, they are then evaluated using a scale which can then provide inferences about their personality characteristics as well as emotional functioning. Based on the contributions of this test, it has been used in multiple court proceedings including but not limited to criminal, civil, domestic, and quasi-legal. 


Tag team

In professional wrestling, a tag team is a team of two wrestlers who are working together as a team (more than two is called a stable). Most of the time they are close partners and backstage friends who team with each other almost all the time, while other times they are wrestlers that fight by themselves most of the time who team together for just one match.

They usually wrestle against the same number of other wrestlers on the other team or teams, however in the occasional "handicap match" there may be more wrestlers on one team then the other, for example André the Giant often wrestled against two or more opponents.

Tajja

Tajja(타짜 in Korean) means a professional gambler in Korea. Tajja is a comic book drew by the Korean best cartoonist "Heo Young-Man", written by the author "Kim Se-Young". This novel was once serialized in the newspaper 'Donga-ilbo'. Tajja was made in a book on 2006 september 28th. Tajja has made a 'Tajja syndrome' right away the publication among the adult readers. Recently, although this comic book is a adult-comic, every ages and sex is watching this comic book. Tajja has shown the human's desire in the front.

To do so, cartoonist "Heo Young-Man" based on a thorough collection of data by himself. He went everywhere if you could gather a information about his comic.
Tajja won high praises without stint through its production that perfectly penetrated the material and a reality which it makes us an illusion like we are watching a movie.
Because Heo Young-Man is the cartoonist who Korean likes the best, the reader can feel Heo Young-Man's value through Tajja.

The story is about a guy who is born in South Korea, Busan. He was a normal child as others.
But one day he went to a gambling house by coincidence. That was the problem, he lost all of his money, and brought his sisters money which must be used in a marriage of her sister.
Of course he lost all of his money again. So the story starts from now on to be a professional gambler and gather lots of money.

Opportunity cost

Opportunity cost is the value of the next best thing you give up whenever you make a decision. It is "the loss of potential gain from other alternatives when one alternative is chosen". 

The idea of an opportunity cost was first begun by John Stuart Mill. The utility has to be more than the opportunity cost for it to be a good choice in economics.

For example, opportunity cost is how much leisure time we give up to work. Because leisure and income are both valued, we have to decide whether to work, or do what we want. Going to work implies more income but less leisure. Staying at home is more leisure yet less income.

Another example is deciding to stop work to go back to university. By choosing to go to university, your opportunity cost is losing your job and your pay check. Even though going back to university has a big opportunity cost, many people think it is a good decision because increased education gives you more job opportunities.

And in other words, opportunity cost can be termed as cost of forgone alternatives or cost of shifting from one opportunity to the other.

Virgin Killer

Virgin Killer is the fourth album by the German heavy metal band Scorpions. It was released in 1976, and it helped the Scorpions gain fans outside Europe. The album's cover has caused controversy, as it features a naked young girl. Some of the band members have said that the cover is okay, but others have said that they feel bad about releasing it. Some magazines and websites, such as "Cracked" and Gigwise.com, have called it one of the worst album covers of all time.

In 2008, the English Wikipedia page for "Virgin Killer" was put on a blacklist (a list of bad content) by the Internet Watch Foundation (IWF), a UK organization. Because of this, many major Internet service providers (ISPs) in the UK were banned from seeing the page. The IWF called the cover "indecent".

Dendrobium

Dendrobium is one of the largest genus of orchids with about 1000 species being known. Being such a large group creates much diversity. Dendrobiums are found only in the Eastern Hemisphere and range from Australia, throughout the South Pacific and Philippines, Southeast Asia, and India, and a small representation in Japan.

BBC HD

BBC HD is a high-definition television channel provided by the BBC. The service was initially run as a trial from 15 May 2006 until becoming a full service on 1 December 2007. The first HD originated program to be shown on the channel was "Planet Earth", shown on 27 May 2006.


Manta ray

The manta ray ("Manta birostris") is the largest species of the rays. The largest known specimen was more than across, with a weight of about . It ranges throughout tropical waters of the world, typically around coral reefs. They have the largest brain-to-body ratio of the sharks, rays and skates (Elasmobranchii), a brain which is kept warm during lengthy dives to as deep as in cold water.

Mantas may be at least two different species, the giant manta ("Manta birostris"), which migrates, and another smaller one called the reef manta ("Manta alfredi"), which does not. The genus may need revising.

Manta rays are probably at the top of the food chain. Some shark species, such as the tiger shark may hunt them. 

Yulia Barsukova

Yulia Vladimirovna Barsukova (Russian Ю́лия Влади́мировна Барсуко́ва,) December 31, 1979, Moscow,Russia) is a Russian former rhythmic gymnast. She won the all-around gold medal at the Sydney Olympics. She left gymnastic to pursue a career in couple figure skating alongside her ex-husband and soon left the sport and gave birth to a child in 2008.

Book of Baruch

The Book of Baruch, sometimes called 1 Baruch, is a deuterocanonical or apocryphal book of the Bible, meaning it is considered part of the Bible by Catholics and members of the Orthodox Church but generally not by Protestants. Even though it is not in the Hebrew Bible, it is in the Septuagint and in the Vulgate Bible, and also in Theodotion's version of the Bible. The Book claims to be have been written by the secretary of the prophet Jeremiah called Baruch in the sixth century BC, which might be true, but the Book was likely only completed in the first century BC. A manuscript of Baruch was found at the Caves of Qumran. The Book of Baruch contains prayer, a request for forgiveness, a recommendation to learn wisdom, a call to be hopeful in the face of Jerusalem's destruction, as well as a reminder to avoid worshiping idols.

Catholic Bibles also add the Letter of Jeremiah to the Book of Baruch as a sixth chapter.


Korea Baseball Organization

The Korea baseball organization (KBO) manages and administrates Korean professional baseball League. In addition, KBO works on many things about baseball. First of all, KBO collects and keeps baseball records. Second, KBO supports amateur baseball. Third, KBO works for international exchange or activities such as Olympic game and World Baseball Classic(WBC) and so on. Fourth, KBO supplies and develops baseball skills. KBO was established with Korean professional baseball league in 1982. KBO’s main office is located in 946-16, Do-kok dong (), Kang-nam ku (), Seoul (), South Korea. In Korean league, there are 10 teams which are Lotte Giants, Samsung Lions, SK Wyverns, LG Twins, Doosan Bears, Hanwha Eagles, KIA Tigers, Nexen Heroes, NC Dinos, and KT Wiz.

Each team plays totally 133 games per one year. These 133 games are called the pennant race. After the pennant race, top four teams go to tournament. Firstly, semi-final game is called semi-play off. In this Semi-playoff, two teams (3rd and 4th in the pennant race) play the game and a team which wins 3 games of total 5 games goes to the next stage. The next stage is called playoff. And this is also 3 out of 5(A team wins 3 games first, then that team can go to next stage.). In playoff, a team which is a winner of semi-playoff plays with 2nd team in the pennant race. A winner of playoff plays with 1st team in the pennant race. This is called Korean series. This is 4 out of 7. (If a team wins 4 games first, that team becomes the team of that year.) In Korean league, there is also all star game like major league baseball(MLB)in America. KBO manages all of these games.

The president of KBO is Gu boneneung in 2011. KBO consists of many groups such as an executive office, KBOP, an umpire committee, a record committee and an education committee. As not permanent committees, there are a prizes and penalties committee, a rules committee and an advisory committee.


Scorpions (band)

Scorpions are a heavy metal/hard rock band from Hanover, Germany, probably best known for their 1980s rock anthem "Rock You Like a Hurricane" and their singles "No One Like You", "Still Loving You", and "Wind of Change". The band has sold over 100 million albums worldwide and were ranked #46 on VH1's "Greatest Artists of Hard Rock" program.



Internet Watch Foundation

The Internet Watch Foundation (IWF) is an organisation in the United Kingdom that gets reports from people and acts on those reports. They help remove things that could be illegal content on the Internet. 


Shakargarh

Shakargarh is a city in the north-east of Pakistan in Narowal District of Punjab province. It is the headquarters of Shakargarh Tehsil. The city is at 32°16'0N 75°10'0E and is on the west bank of the Ravi River.

In old times Shakargarh was used as a route for the Mughals to enter Gurdaspur and going to Delhi. During British rule (before the independence of Pakistan), Shakargarh became the capital of Shakargarh Tehsil.

In 1947 when the British were leaving, they divided British India between Pakistan and the modern republic of India. The border between the two countries was known as the Radcliffe Line (this was named after Cyril John Radcliffe who drew the borders). The line divided Shakargarh from the rest of Gurdaspur district (which then became part of India). Shakargarh then became part of Sialkot District, however when Narowal District was created in 1991, Shakargarh became part of that district.

X-Forwarded-For

The X-Forwarded-For (XFF) HTTP header is a standard for finding the IP address of a client connecting to a web server through an HTTP proxy or load balancer comes from. 

BT Group

British Telecommunications Group plc which trades as BT, (sometimes known as British Telecom and still occasionally referred to by that name) is the privatised UK state telecommunications operator.

BT Group is the largest communications service provider in the United Kingdom.

Virgin Media

Virgin Media Inc. (formerly known as ntl:Telewest, after a merger of NTL Incorporated with Telewest Global, Inc.), became in 2006 the first "quadruple-play" media company in the United Kingdom, bringing together a service consisting of television, Internet, mobile phone and fixed-line telephone services.

Be Unlimited

Be Unlimited, or simply ""Be"", is a growing UK Internet service provider. "Be Unlimited" and "Be" are trading names of "Be Un Limited".

Demon Internet

Demon Internet is a British Internet service provider ("ISP") founded in 1992. It was one of the earliest ISPs, targeting the "dial-up" audience. The company was started on June 1st, 1992, from an idea posted on CIX by Cliff Stanford of Demon Systems Ltd.

Currently, Demon Internet is operating as a brand of Vodafone.

List of General Secretaries of the Soviet Union

General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union was the top position in the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. As the leader of the only legal political party, the General Secretary served as the de facto leader but not necessarily or , although the actual head of government was the Premier, before Stalin turned the position of General Secretary into the most powerful in the Soviet Union. According 1977 Constitution the Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet was the President and Chairman of the Council of Minister was the Premier. Lenin led the nation as Premier.

The office was called First Secretary from 1953 to 1966.

Bachelor

A bachelor is a man who has not been married and is not cohabiting. He lives on his own or with a flatmate/housemate. A woman in this situation is sometimes known as a bachelorette. A bachelor cannot have been married, as a man who married but then divorced is called a divorcé. A man whose wife is dead is a widower.

Sometimes, when a bachelor is going to be married, a bachelor party is organized to celebrate the last day that the person will be a bachelor for. 

Nativity scene

A nativity scene is a three-dimensional depiction of the Nativity of Jesus. It is also called a crib, manger or crèche. Typically, a large scale scene includes: the Holy Family, the angels, the Magi, the ox and the donkey, and an assortment of shepherds, villagers, servants and others.

There are two types of scenes: static representations of figures made of clay or other material and living scenes. Static scenes are often displayed on a table top in the home. In living scenes, humans and animals portray the characters in the scene. 

St. Francis of Assisi is said to have created the first nativity scene in 1223 (a "living" one) near Greccio, Italy. It was a "hit". The scene's popularity inspired communities throughout Catholic countries to stage similar scenes.

In the modern world, nativity scenes have provoked controversy. Animals are said to be abused in living scenes and objections have been placed against static scenes displayed on public lands. In addition, outdoor scenes are often the target of vandals. Theft or destruction of outdoor figures is not uncommon.


Underwater diving

Underwater diving is going underwater to do things. There are different reasons to do this:

There are also different ways to dive:

Static electricity

Static electricity means the increase of electric charge on the surface of objects. This electric charge remains on an object until it either flows into the ground, or loses its charge quickly by a discharge. Charge exchange can happen in conditions like when different objects are rubbed and separated. A static charge will only remain when one of the surfaces has a high resistance to electrical flow. The effects of static electricity are familiar to most people because they can see, feel and even hear the spark. This spark happens when the excess charge is neutralized. This neutralization occurs when excess charge flows into an electrical conductor (for example a path to ground). Other charge flow occurs when a charged object is near a region with an excess charge of the opposite polarity (positive or negative). The familiar phenomenon of a static 'shock' is caused by the neutralization of charge.

In Greek age, Thales found static electricity when he was cleaning his amber. But at that time, they did not pay attention to this and research it. They just knew that rubbing something made a pulling force. Earnest research into static electricity was started in the 17th century, when Otto Von Guericke made the first friction generator. And in the 18th century, Coulomb started research into a fixed quantity of static electricity. Benjamin Franklin associated static electricity with storms. In 1832 Michael Faraday published the results of his experiment on the identity of electricity. This report proved that the electricity made by using a magnet, voltaic electricity produced by a battery, and static electricity are all the same. Since Faraday's result, the history of static electricity can be thought as the study of electricity in general.

Many situations can cause static electricity.

Static discharge is excess charge that is neutralized by a flow of charges from or to the surroundings. Positive charges get 
electrons from the surroundings, and negative charges lose their electrons to the surroundings.

The feeling of a static electric shock is caused by the stimulation of nerves as the neutralizing current flows through the human body. Due to the presence of much water in the body, the charge is generally not enough to cause a dangerously high current. Lightning is also an example of static discharge. A cloud gets a very huge charge by clashing with other clouds. It gives off the excess charge to the ground. But this huge charge never occurs in the human's surroundings naturally, unless he is struck by the lightning.
Despite the apparently harmless nature of static electricity, there can be significant risks in research, because a large charge can break down the equipment.

Submandibular gland

The submandibular glands are salivary glands. They are under the bottom part of the mouth.

Military diving

Military diving is underwater diving done by members of armed forces for military purposes.

Any method of diving may be used. It is the military purpose that makes it military diving.

Military diving for offensive purposes is usually done using rebreathers as they do not make much bubbles which can be seen by the enemy. These divers may be called frogmen or combat divers.

Othe military divers do work to remove obstructions and explosive devices like mines. They are called clearance divers. 

Military divers may also do inspections and repair work on the bottoms of ships, and underwater work in support of military engineering operations.

Dagens Næringsliv

Dagens Næringsliv is one of Norway's main newspapers. It was founded in 1889.

"Dagens Næringsliv" is owned by media conglomerate Norges Handels og Sjøfartstidende (NHST Media Group).

The newspaper was first named "Norges Sjøfartstidende".

On 5 September 2013, the newspaper said that it is one of 17 international partners cooperating with Wikileaks about the Spy Files 3 project that spotlights the international surveillance industry. 

In July 2015, one former journalist said that he had done plagiarism, in several articles he wrote for the newspaper, said the website of the trade union, Norsk Journalistlag.


Forsvarets Spesialkommando

FSK ("Forsvarets spesialkommando") is the name of the special forces of Norway's Ministry of Defence. They were established in 1981.

Piping and instrumentation diagram

A piping and instrument diagram (P&ID) is a simplified illustration or diagram of a process. It shows the required functional equipment and instrumentation to make the process work. Typically, this document is the basis of design for plant engineering.

Zifeng Tower

Nanjing Greenland Financial Center or Greenland Square Zifeng Tower is a skyscraper in Nanjing, China. It is 459 meters (1476 feet) tall and has 89 floors. It was built in 2009 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world



Modular arithmetic

Modular arithmetic, sometimes also called clock arithmetic, is a way of doing arithmetic with integers. Much like hours on a clock, which repeat every twelve hours, once the numbers reach a certain value, called the "modulus", they go back to zero.

In general, given a modulus "formula_1", we can do addition, subtraction and multiplication on the set formula_2 in a way that "wrap around" "formula_1". This set is sometimes represented by the symbol formula_4, and called the set of integers modulo "formula_1".

People talked about modular arithmetic in many ancient cultures. For instance, the Chinese remainder theorem is many centuries old. The modern notation and exact definition of modular arithmetic were first described by Carl Friedrich Gauss.

Modular arithmetic can be used to show the idea of congruence. In general, given a positive integer "n", two integers "a" and "b" are congruent modulo n, if they have the same remainder when both are divided by "n". Congruence can be written this way:
The number "n" is called the modulus. Another definition of congruence, that means the same thing but is sometimes more useful, is that the two integers are congruent modulo n if the difference ("a" - "b") is an integer multiple of "n". That is, if "n" is a factor of ("a" - "b"), then "a" and "b" are congruent mod "n".

For example:
The remainder when 32 is divided by 7 is 4, and the remainder when 11 is divided by 7 is also 4. This tells us that they are congruent—when the modulus is 7.

We can use this example with the other definition too. The difference, ("a" - "b"), is 32 - 11 = 21. This shows the two numbers are congruent, because 21 = 3 × 7 and 7 is a factor of 21.

Modular arithmetic is useful in many fields, and its applications include RSA algorithm in cryptography, primality testing in computer science, and 12-tone arithmetic in music. It is often used in calculating checksums and check digits.


Live – Friday the 13th

Live – Friday the 13th is a live album released on Sept. 20th, 2005. The album was released as a live CD/DVD album featuring all 12 original songs from Pop band Maroon 5's hit debut called "Songs About Jane". This album has been released with the "Copy Control" protection system in some regions. The CD has the length of 77:58. 

Maroon 5 performed in Santa Barbara, California on Friday, May 13th of 2005. 

The songs from the hit debut album by Maroon 5 called "Songs About Jane" were all featured performed live on this album. Two songs are performed called "Hello" by band "Oasis" (cover), and "Ain't No Sunshine" (cover).


Tropicana Field

Tropicana Field is a domed baseball stadium that serves as the home field for the Tampa Bay Rays since 1998. The stadium was opened in 1990 in hopes of snatching a team away from another city. Two teams almost moved to Tampa to call Tropicana Field home; they were the Chicago White Sox and the San Francisco Giants. They stadium also served as the former home for the NHL team, Tampa Bay Lightning and the former home for the AFL's Tampa Bay Storm. Former Rays manager, Joe Maddon, has nicknamed the stadium "The Pit". While the fans nicknamed it "The Trop". The former name of the stadium was the Florida Suncoast Dome. It has also been called the Thunderdome.

In 2023, it was announced that a new stadium was approved to be built. The new stadium would replace Tropicana Field as the home of the Rays. It is expected to cost at least $1.2 billion. Taxpayers would pay half and city council blocked taxpayers from expressing their opinion to council on it or voting on it.


Jin Mao Tower

Jin Mao Tower is a skyscraper in Shanghai, China. It is tall. It has 88 floors. It was built between 1994 and 1999 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.




Two International Finance Centre

Two International Finance Centre ("Two ifc") is a skyscraper in Hong Kong. It is 415 meters (1362 feet) tall and has 88 floors. It was built in 2003 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world



Gentoo penguin

The gentoo penguin ("Pygoscelis papua") is a species of penguin easily recognized by the white stripe across its head. They are the largest penguins of the stiff-tailed family, which also makes them the largest penguin except the two giant penguins, the emperor penguin and the king penguin.

The gentoo penguin is, on average, 5 kilograms in weight and 80 centimeters in height, but can range from 8.5 kg to 4.5 kg and 51 to 91 cm. They have very large male reproductive organs, and are also the fastest at swimming underwater among the penguins, reaching speeds of 36 kilometers per hour.

Gentoo penguins generally live on Antarctic islands, with their largest colony on the Falkland Islands. There are approximately 320,000 breeding pairs of gentoo penguins.

These penguins nest on the ground, making nests of stones, sticks, grass, feathers, and various other materials. They usually lay two eggs by mid-October, which hatch in about 34 days, and put equal care into caring for either chick. Young chicks remain in the nest for 3 to 4 weeks until their second down feathers grow in, during which their parents hunt for food in order to feed them. Afterward, they leave the nest but remain in the colony in groups of chicks, called creches that free their parents to hunt for food for them.

Gentoo penguin pairs often stay together for a long period of time.

Gentoo penguins usually eat crustaceans, such as krill, but genrally eat what is easiest to get. At sea, they may be under attack from sea lions, leopard seals, and orcas. While on land they have no natural predators, but skua, gulls, and other birds of prey have been known to attack and eat young chicks and eggs.


Megabat

Megabats are also called Old World fruit bats. They are the suborder Megachiroptera, family Pteropodidae of the order Chiroptera (bats).

These fruit bats are flying mammals that live in dense forests in Africa, Europe, Australia, and Asia. There are about 166 species of fruit bats. Fruit bats are sometimes known as flying foxes. These bats live in huge colonies, known as "camps." These nocturnal (most active at night) animals rest during the day while hanging upside down from their feet. 

As fruit bats fly from plant to plant getting food, they also pollinate the plants they visit. In addition, they disperse the plants' seeds as they eat. Many plants, including some avocados, dates, mangos, and peaches, are dependent on these bats for either pollination or seed dispersal.

Fruit bats mostly eat fruit juice and flower nectar. They chew the fruit, then spit out the seeds, peel, and pulp. Fruit bats, like other Megachiropteran bats, use the sense of smell to find their food, fruit and/or nectar. Although they have large eyes and can see well, fruit bats do not use sight as their primary sense. Fruit bats eat other things too.

Some megabats are vectors of dangerous diseases.
The first recorded human outbreak of Ebola virus was in 1976, but the source of the virus is still unknown. Recent tests have shown that some species of fruit bats collected during Ebola outbreaks show the bats have the virus, but do not show any signs of it. Further studies also show that Ebola can reproduce in fruit bats and other bats in the 'Tadarida' genus. This could mean that the bats are the source of the virus. The Marburg virus, which is related to Ebola, has also been found in fruit bats in Uganda.

Another explanation is that fruit bats could be an intermediate host because of the uncertainty that fruit bats are the index case for Ebola. It is also important to note that certain species of fruit bats in Africa are immune to the Ebola virus and that their DNA or RNA are similar to the Zaire Ebola virus. This could explain the spread to humans since people in that region tend to eat fruit bats.

Flying foxes in Australia are known to carry two infections which can pose a serious risk to human health - Australian bat lyssavirus and hendra virus ("Henipavirus"). These bat-borne diseases, unique to Queensland, are among the deadliest viruses in the Western world. Although rare, these illnesses continue to mystify medical professionals. These bat-borne diseases are almost always fatal. Human infections with these viruses are fortunately very rare. 

Hendra virus is a virus that mainly infects megabats (large fruit bats, or ‘flying foxes’) which can be passed on to horses. Like ebola and marburg, hendra is a haemorrhagic fever with high to very high mortality (50-90%). Both ebola and marburg virus have been associated with megabats as infectious vectors. 
It is thought that horses contract the Hendra virus by ingesting food or water contaminated with infected megabat body fluids and excretions. The virus can be deadly to both humans and horses. When there is no handling or direct physical contact with flying foxes, there is negligible public health risk.

Only three people are known to have survived the bat-borne Hendra virus.
So far more than half of all people who have contracted Hendra virus died within six weeks, however there have been no survivors of a second Queensland bat-borne disease. In 1994 lyssavirus - a close relative of rabies virus - was first discovered in a flying fox showing symptoms near Ballina, NSW (which lies on the border with Queensland). Lyssavirus has killed the only three people to have ever contracted it. 


Flag of Florida

The Flag of Florida is a white flag with the Seal of Florida centered on it. Behind the Seal, it has a red saltire, which resembles the Spanish Cross of Burgundy flag used in Florida since the early 1500s. The current flag was adopted in 1900, however the State Seal in the center of the flag was updated in 1985 to reflect the proper historical dress of a Seminole maiden, in the previous seal she was dressed in buckskin with a feathered headband.

Flag of Libya

The Flag of Libya has three horizontal stripes of red, black, and green, with a white crescent and star in the center of the black stripe. It has been the official flag of Libya since 3 August 2011.

The flag is the same as the flag of the earlier Kingdom of Libya, used from 1951 to 1969. During the dictatorship of Muammar al-Gaddafi the flag was changed twice and it was just a plain field of green. It was unique for being the only national flag in the world with just one color and no design, emblems, coat of arms, or any other details. It was adopted on 11 November 1977.

Chambar

Chambar, or Chamber, is a town of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is the capital Chamber Taluka (a subdivision of the district). The town itself is subdivided into two Union Councils. 

2008 Formula One World Championship

The 2008 Formula One season was the 59th FIA Formula One World Championship season. It began on March 16 and was over on November 2 after eighteen races. Lewis Hamilton became the Drivers' World Champion while Scuderia Ferrari Marlboro won the Constructors' title.

The following teams and drivers competed in the 2008 FIA Formula One World Championship:


Changed teams

Entered F1

Exited F1

The FIA World Council approved the 2008 schedule on 24 October 2007. Singapore was Formula One's first ever night race.



 Drivers did not finish the Grand Prix, but were classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.

A scandal developed that became known as "Crashgate" in the media, during the 2009 season around the time of the Belgium Grand Prix. Claims were made by former Renault driver Nelson Piquet Jr. about his crash in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix. This led to charges of race-fixing against Renault. Team boss Flavio Briatore and engineering director Pat Symonds left Renault.

New York Film Critics Circle Awards

New York Film Critics Circle Awards are awards given every year for excellence in cinema worldwide. They are given by an organization of movie critics from New York City-based publications. It is considered one of the most important movie critics awards in North America.


Duncan II of Scotland

Donnchad mac Maíl Coluim (Modern Gaelic: "Donnchadh mac Mhaoil Chaluim") renamed as Duncan II (before c. 1060 – 12 November 1094) was king of Scots. He was son of Malcolm III (Máel Coluim mac Donnchada) and his first wife Ingibiorg Finnsdottir, widow of Thorfinn Sigurdsson.

Messolonghi

Messolonghi is a Greek city. It is the capital of the Aitoloakarnania prefecture. It is build on the bank of a lagoon. Its population is 14,209 inhabitants. Messolonghi is known because of the Greek War of Independence. During that time the siege of Messolonghi took place. During the siege the residents of Messolonghi fought with the Turks and the majority of them were killed there. During the siege of Messolonghi Lord Byron died, in 1824.

Kalamata

Kalamata is a Greek city. It is in the southwest of the Peloponnese peninsula. 54,065 people live there. Kalamata it is built at the foot of Taygetos mountain. It is also a coastal city and it has a big beach, in front of the city.

Kalamata became the first city which was liberated in the Greek War of Independence in 1821. Kalamata was liberated on 21 March 1821. Kalamata is also known because of the big earthquake in 1986. At that time, Kalamata had a lot of disasters. 

Matt Joyce

Matthew R. Joyce (born August 3, 1984) is an outfielder for the Oakland Athletics. He has also played for the Detroit Tigers, Tampa Bay Rays, Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, and Pittsburgh Pirates.

In 2011, Joyce was picked to play in the Major League Baseball All-Star Game.

Foundation

Foundation might mean:


CITIC Plaza

CITIC Plaza is a skyscraper in Guangzhou, China. It is 391 meters (1283 feet) tall and has 80 floors. It was built in 1997 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



Shun Hing Square

Shun Hing Square is a skyscraper in Shenzhen, China. It is 384 meters (1260 feet) tall and has 69 floors. It was built in 1996 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



Salesforce Tower (Indianapolis)

Salesforce Tower is a skyscraper in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States. It is 247 meters (811 feet) tall and has 49 floors and is one of the tallest buildings in the world. It was built in 1990 and was named Bank One Tower. In 2004 its name was changed to Chase Tower because Chase Bank bought Bank One Corporation. In 2017 its name was changed again, to Salesforce Tower because Salesforce bought the naming rights.



Harald V of Norway

Harald V (born 21 February 1937) is the King of Norway. His father was Olav V of Norway. He became king in 1991. Harald was born in Skaugum, Akershus, Norway.

In 1968, he married Sonja Haraldsen. They had two children: Princess Märtha Louise and Prince Haakon.

In 2024 he became sick when he was on a trip to Malaysia; Norwegian authorities paid for his trip home in a jet airplane for medical evacuation; Media questioned why the government is not also paying for a sick 102-year old war hero, and merchant marine during World War Two ; He has not been evacuated from his camping wagon in London (as of March 5, 2024).

Titles and Styles:

21 February 1937-21 September 1957: His Royal Highness Prince Harald of Norway 

21 September 1957-17 January 1991: His Royal Highness The Crown Prince of Norway 

17 January 1991-present: His Majesty The King of Norway 

National Honors and Medals: 

-Norway: Grand Master of the Royal Norwegian Order of St Olav-Grand Cross with Collar of the Royal Norwegian Order of St Olav 

-Norway: Grand Master of the Royal Norwegian Order of Merit-Grand Cross 

-Norway: St Olav's Medal 

-Norway: Defense Service Medal with Laural Branch 

-Norway: Royal House Centennial Medal 

-Norway: King Haakon VII Commemorative Medal (1 October 1957) 

-Norway: King Haakon VII 1905-1955 Jubilee Medal 

-Norway: Haakon VII Centenary Medal 

-Norway: Olav V Commemorative Medal (30 January 1991) 

-Norway: Olav V Jubilee Medal 

-Norway: Olav V Centenary Medal 

-Norway: Defense Service Medal with three stars 

-Norway: Army National Service Medal with three stars 

-Norway: Krigsdeltakerforbundet Badge of Honor (English: War Participant Association) 

-Norway: Norwegian Red Cross Badge of Honor 

-Norway: Norwegian Reserve Officers Federal Badge of Honor 

-Norway: The Naval Society Medal of Merit in Gold 

-Norway: Norwegian Shooting Society Badge of Honor 

-Norway: The Norwegian Confederation of Sports Centenary Medal 

-Norway: Norwegian Shooting Society Commemorative Medal in Gold 

-Norway: Oslo Military Society Badge of Honor in Gold 

Foreign Honors 

-Argentina: Collar of the Order of the Liberator General San Martin 

-Austria: Grand Star of the Decoration of Honor for Services to the Republic of Austria (1964) 

-Belgium: Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold 

-Brazil: Grand Collar of the Order of the Southern Cross 

-Bulgaria: Grand Cross of the Order of the Balkan Mountains 

-Chile: Collar of the Order of Merit 

-Croatia: Grand Order of King Tomislav 

-Denmark: Knight with Collar of the Order of the Elephant, Grand Commander of the Order of the Dannebrog 

-Estonia: Collar of the Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana, Collar of the Order of the White Star 

-France: Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor 

-Finland: Commander Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of the White Rose of Finland 

-Germany: Grand Cross Special Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany 

-Greece: Grand Cross of the Order of the Redeemer, The Royal House of Greece Centenary Medal 

-Hungary: Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Hungary 

-Iceland: Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of the Falcon 

-IOC: The Golden Olympic Order 

-Italy: Knight Grand Cross (06/1965) with Collar (10/2001) of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic 

-Japan: Grand Cordon with Collar of the Order of the Chrysanthemum 

-Jordan: Grand Cordon with Collar of the Order of Al-Hussein bin Ali 

-Lativa: Commander Grand Cross with Chain of the Order of the Three Stars, Grand Cross of the Order of Viesturs 

-Lithuania: Grand Cross (1988) with Golden Chain (2011) of the Order of Vytautas the Great 

-Luxembourg: Grand Cross of the Order of Adolphe of Nassau, Knight of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau, Medal of commemorative the wedding of Grand Duke Jean and Grand Duchess Josephine-Charlotte 

-Netherlands: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion, Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown, Commander of the Order of the Golden Ark, Medal to commemorative the enthronement of Queen Beatrix 

-Poland: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the White Eagle 

-Portugal: Grand Cross of the Military Order of Aviz (5/11/1980), Grand Collar of the Order of Infante Dom Henrique (13 February 2004), Grand Collar of the Order of St. James of the Sword (26 May 2008) 

-Romania: Sash Rank of the Order of the Star of Romania 

-Slovakia: Grand Cross (or 1st Class) of the Order of the White Double Cross (2010) 

-Slovenia: Recipient of the Decoration for Exceptional Merits (2011) 

-Spain: 1,192nd Knight and Collar of the Order of the Golden Fleece (21 April 1995), Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Charles III (12/4/1982), Collar of the Order of Charles II (30 June 2006) 

-South Africa: Grand Cross of the Order of Good Hope 

-South Korea: Recipient of the Grand Order of Mugunghwa 

-Sweden: Knight with Collar of the Order of the Seraphim, Gustaf V 90th Anniversary Medal, HM King Carl XVI Gustaf 50th Anniversary Medal 

-Thailand: Knight of the Order of the Royal House of Chakri (19 September 1960), Knight Grand Cordon (Special Class) of the Order of Chula Chom Klao 

-Turkey: First Class of the Order of the State of Republic of Turkey 

-United Kingdom: Recipient of the Royal Victorian Chain (1994), Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order (1955), Stranger Knight Companion of the Order of the Garter (990th member; 2001), Honorary Freedom of Newcastle upon Tyne (November 2008) 

-Yugoslavia: Order of the Yugoslav Great Star 

Gray whale

The gray whale ("Eschrichtius robustus") is a baleen whale (a filter feeder) that has a layer of blubber up to 10 inches (25 cm) thick. Because a mother gray whale would defend her calf so fiercely it would actually attack whalers and overturn their boats, whalers often called the gray whale a devilfish. 

The gray whale migrates from cold waters to the tropics each year in pods. Gray whales are very agile swimmers. They can dive for up to 30 minutes and go 500 feet (155 m) deep. Gray whales make grunts, clicks, and whistling sounds which may be used to communicate with other gray whales.

This giant cetacean eats small fish, crustaceans, squid, and other tiny organisms that it finds on the sea floor. It sieves its food through its comb-like plates of baleen.

Compared to most baleen whales, gray whales are rather small, growing to be only about 45 feet long. They are easy to see with their gray mottled color, which is actually more charcoal black than it is gray. Gray whales have barnacles and lice on their skin. 

Whales prefer one fin over the other, just like humans are right-handed or left-handed. It is possible to see whether a gray whale is left-fineed or right-finned. The fin that has least barnacles is the fin it uses most. This is because the whale likes to dive down to the ocean floor to scoop up huge amounts of sand from the bottom, filtering out small prey animals that live in it. When the whale does this, many of the barnacles on the side that rubbed along the bottom are scraped off. So, whichever side has fewest barnacles is the side the whale prefers to use when it digs up sand.

Gray whales migrate on both sides of the Americas. One route is a really long migration from the Arctic Ocean (northwest of Alaska) to the coast of Mexico, and back each year. They travel about 20,000 km (~12,500 miles) each year, staying near the coast. They feed in the cold Arctic waters and calve and mate in the warm, protected tropical lagoons of the Pacific Ocean off Mexico.

Traveling night and day, the gray whale averages approximately per day at an average speed of . This round trip of is believed to be the longest annual migration of any mammal.
As they migrate, they may be preyed upon by pods of killer whales ("Orca"). This has been recorded in the cold current running down west of California.

Chase Tower (Chicago)

Chase Tower is a skyscraper in Chicago, United States. It is 259 meters (850 feet) tall and has 60 floors. It was built in 1969 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



Le Père Fouettard

Le Père Fouettard (French for "The whipping Father") was a character who went with Saint Nicholas in his rounds at Christmas giving the naughty children the whip while St. Nick gives gifts to the well behaved.
He wore a long, dirty, dark colored robe and had a beard that was poorly groomed.

He is known mainly in the Eastern regions of France. In Alsace, Le Père Fouettard is synonymous with the bogeyman.

Dryococelus australis

Dryococelus australis, also known as the Lord Howe Island stick insect or tree lobster, is a phasmid which is sometimes called a land lobster. It was thought to have become extinct in 1930, but more were found in 2001. It no longer lives on Lord Howe Island which was its main habitat. It is now only found on the small rock island called Ball's Pyramid. With less than 30 of the stick insects left alive in the wild, it has been called "the rarest insect in the world". Melbourne Zoo has been able to breed the stick insects with more than 9,000 hatched. It is hoped that the insects will be released back on Lord Howe Island in the future.


Basking shark

The basking shark ("Cetorhinus maximus") is a huge filter-feeding shark, which can grow up to the length of 40 feet (12 metres). It is the second largest shark in the world (after the whale shark). The basking shark is also called the sunfish, the bone shark, the elephant shark, the sailfish shark, and the big mouth shark.

The basking shark is one of the most recognizable species of all sharks. Its large size and extended gill slits which nearly encircle the head and caudal fin together, helps distinguish it from all other species. It has a snout which is in the shape of a cone, and it has many large gill rakers made for filter feeding. Its enormous mouth extends past the small eyes and contains many small, hooked teeth. The basking shark has a very large liver that makes up to 25% of its body weight. The liver is high in squalene, a low-density hydrocarbon that helps the shark float and not sink.
The dorsal surface of the basking shark is mainly a greyish-brown colour, but can range from dark grey to almost black. The underside is usually the same colour, but is often paler and more whiter.
The basking shark has many hundreds of tiny teeth. Those teeth which are in the center of the jaws are low and triangular while those on the sides are more cone-shaped and slightly recurved. There is mainly a wide space on the center of the upper jaw which only has scattered teeth. 
The basking shark is the second largest shark in the world, only to be behind the Whale shark. The basking shark can reach lengths of up to 40 feet (12 metres), but the average adult length is 22–29 feet (6.6-8.7 m). The size at birth is believed to be between 5–6 feet (1.5-1.8 metres). The basking shark is an extremely slow-growing species and may grow to 16–20 feet (4.8–6 metres) before becoming mature.

The basking shark is a coastal-pelagic species, found throughout the world's arctic and temperate waters. In the western Atlantic, it ranges from Newfoundland to Florida, and southern Brazil to Argentina. In the eastern Atlantic it ranges from Iceland and Norway to Senegal, including the parts of the Mediterranean. In the western Pacific, it is found off Japan, China and the Koreas as well as western and southern Australia and the coastlines of New Zealand. In the eastern Pacific, it is found from the Gulf of Alaska to the Gulf of California and from Ecuador to Chile.

Basking sharks are usually found travelling in pairs or groups of up to 100 or more, but are sometimes seen travelling alone. It is not fully understood why they have such a different behaviour to other shark species, as they seem to travel alone and in groups. They are highly migrational, and in the winter months they will be harder to find as they go to the deeper parts of the water to find food.
When they are seen swimming in circles, it is believed that this is to get the attention of females for mating. They may spend hours performing this, just in order to get noticed. They are usually very patient when it comes to attracting a mate.

Along with the Whale shark and the Megamouth shark, the basking shark is one of three species of large, filter-feeding sharks. However, the basking shark is the only one that relies on the flow of water through its pharynx by swimming. The basking shark is usually seen swimming with its mouth wide open, taking in a continuous flow of water. Food is strained from the water by gill rakers in the gill slits. The basking shark's gill rakers can strain up to 2000 tons of water per hour. These sharks feed along areas that contain high densities of large zooplankton (i.e., small crustaceans, invertebrate larvae, and fish eggs and larvae). There is a theory that the basking shark feeds on the surface when plankton is common, then sheds its gill rakers and hibernates in deeper water during winter. Also, it has been suggested that the basking shark turns to benthic (near bottom) feeding when it loses its gill rakers. It is not known how often it sheds these gill rakers or how quickly they are replaced.

Basking sharks are ovoviviparous, meaning that the young embryos develop in a yolk sac inside of the female, but they aren’t attached to a placental connection. It is believed that the females can delay gestation so that they may remain pregnant from 1 to 3 years. Mating occurs in the early summer and the females often move to very shallow water when ready for the young to be born. She may have up to 6 pups that are up to 6 feet long. The age of maturity is from 6 to 13 years. Basking sharks start mating when they are around 15 to 20 feet long.

Basking sharks are highly migratory. Off the Atlantic coast of North America, it appears in the southern part of its range (North Carolina to New York) in the spring, shifts northward (New England and Canada) in the summer, and disappears in autumn and winter. Off the southwest coast of the United Kingdom, in the northeast Atlantic, the basking shark feeds at the surface of coastal waters during the summer. These sharks are absent from November to March, suggesting a migration beyond the continental shelf during the winter months. This is explained by the high amount of zooplankton (the main food of the basking shark) that exists in these waters during late spring and early summer. During migration, basking sharks form groups depending on size and gender.

Many people have witnessed individual basking sharks leaping from the water. This behaviour is not fully understood, but some believe that the shark may be trying to get rid of parasites or commensals such as remoras and sea lampreys, which are often seen attached to the skin of the basking shark. The lamprey cannot cut through the denticle-armored skin, but they may be enough of an irritant to cause a reaction like jumping or rubbing against an object to get rid of them. The cookiecutter shark has also been known to attack basking sharks by using its suction cup-like lips and muscular pharynx to drill off pieces of flesh on the outside of the shark.

The basking shark has been hunted for its large liver, which has been sold in Japan, and has been burned and used in lamps by fishermen in the U.K, whilst the oil has been used in the manufacture of cosmetics. Due to the long amount of time it takes to mature, and the slow reproductive rate, the basking shark is vulnerable to over-fishing, and targeted populations are very slow to recover from targeted fisheries. Today the biggest threat comes from the demand for the fins for shark fin soup, and from accidental by-catches in the fishing industries. Although it is difficult to tell exactly, there has been a report that the population of basking sharks has decreased by 80% since 1950.

Chamber Tehsil

Chamber Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan. The city of Chambar is the capital.

Fortress

A fortress is a building designed to be defended, which means it was very hard for enemies to get inside. Fortification kept the people inside safe. There is little difference between a fortress and a castle. Fortresses normally have thick stone walls, thicker but less tall than in castles so artillery cannot break them. There were very small windows, without glass, so that soldiers inside could fire out through them. As time passed, the weapons they used changed, from bow and arrow, crossbow, gun or cannon. Soldiers outside had great difficulty firing into such small windows. The people defending the fortress were also able to drop things like rocks and boiling oil on the heads of those below. Successful attacks were usually sieges. 

Fortresses were not designed for comfort. They were dark and often damp. The Tower of London is an example of a fortress.

Malay alphabet

The modern Malay alphabet is based on the Latin alphabet. It is used to write Malay.

It contains the same letters as the English language alphabet. Q, V, and X are not used in native Malay words. The Malay alphabet contains 26 letters:

Diphthongs

Consonant combinations

Actual written examples of the Malay language:

Good day 
Apa khabar
What is your name? 
Siapa nama awak?
Do you speak Malay? 
Awak boleh cakap bahasa Melayu ke?


Central Plaza (Hong Kong)

Central Plaza is a skyscraper in Hong Kong. It is tall. It has 78 floors. It was built in 1992. It is one of the tallest buildings in the world



Fin whale

The fin whale ("Balaenoptera physalus") is a huge baleen whale. It is the second largest animal on Earth (the blue whale is the biggest). This whale is sometimes called the "greyhound of the sea" because of its fast swimming speed; it can swim up to 23 mph (37 km/hr) in short bursts. The fin whale is also called the finback, finner, razorback, common rorqual, and herring whale.

The fin whale is a streamlined whale that is found worldwide; it is most common in the North Atlantic. There are three separate populations of fin whales, one in the North Pacific, one in the North Atlantic, and one in the Southern Hemisphere; they do not interbreed. Many groups of fin whales migrate between feeding grounds and breeding grounds. This whale usually swims in pods of 3-7 whales but larger groups (up to 300 animals) may form at rich feeding grounds.

Fin whales are filter feeders that eat plankton (tiny crustaceans like krill and copepods) and small fish from the water. They have very fine grey-black baleen that traps very small particles of food. Each side of the upper jaw has 270-470 baleen plates.

James Skinner (East India Company officer)

James Skinner CB (1778 – December 4, 1841) was an Anglo-Indian military adventurer in India.

Skinner was born in India, son of Lieutenant-Colonel Hercules Skinner and a Indian lady from Bhojpur. Because of his Indian heritage, Skinner was unable to serve as an officer in the East India Company army and, at the age of eighteen, he entered the Mahratta army under Benoît de Boigne, where he soon showed military talent. He remained in the same service under Pierre Cuillier-Perron until 1803, when, on the outbreak of the second Anglo-Maratha War all Anglo-Indians were dismissed from Mahratta service.

Nauplion

Nauplion is a Greek city. It is in the Argolida's prefecture, in the east of Peloponnese peninsula. Near Nauplio is the historical city of Argos. Nauplio was the first capital of Greece. Nauplio is a coastal city. It has three castles. The most famous are the Palamidi castle, and Bourtzi castle which is on the islet in front of the port. The population of Nauplion is 13,124 inhabitants. 

Nauplion was the second capital of Greece. In 1834 the king Otto carried the capital to Athens. Nauplion was one of the first cities which were liberated during the Greek War of Independence.

Nauplion has many sites of interest. The most interest sites are its three castle. Its old neighborhoods are also very beautiful places for visit. In Nauplion there are many old beautiful buildings from previous century. 

Lincoln, Alabama

Lincoln is a city in Talladega County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 6,845.

Linden, Alabama

Linden is a city in and the county seat of Marengo County, Alabama, United States. The population was 1,930 at the 2020 census.

Lineville, Alabama

Lineville is a city in Clay County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 2,489.

Lipscomb, Alabama

Lipscomb is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 2,086.

Livingston, Alabama

Livingston is a city in Sumter County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 3,436. The city is the county seat of Sumter County.

Luverne, Alabama

Luverne is a city in Crenshaw County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 2,765. The city is the county seat of Crenshaw County.


Iridaceae

Iridaceae are perennial herbs from rhizomes, bulbs or corms comprising about 80 genera and 1,500 species. The leaves are distichous and have a sheathing, equitant base and a generally ensiform or linear blade with parallel venation. The flowers are bisexual, usually showy, and are actinomorphic or zygomorphic.

Some genera:

Tampa Bay Area

The Tampa Bay Area is an area in West Central Florida that includes Tampa and St. Pete. Among notable residents is John Cena, a WWE pro wrestler and former 3-time WWE Champion and reigning World Heavyweight Champion.

Live at Wembley '86

Live at Wembley '86 is a set of two discs recorded by English rock band Queen.

It was recorded live on Saturday July 12, 1986 during the "Magic Tour" at Wembley Stadium in London, England and was released on May 26, 1992.

A DVD was released in June 2003. The album was re-sold in a new CD with bonus tracks in August 2003 in the United States as Live at Wembley Stadium after the DVD.

Trams in Melbourne

Melbourne, Australia introduced trams in 1885 and now it is the largest tram network in the world, consisting of of tracks, 450 trams, 25 routes, and 1,700 tram stops. The trams are powered using 600V DC delivered by overhead wires and run on standard gauge track. Currently operated by a private company, Yarra Trams under contract from the Victorian Government, the owner of the network. Melbourne's trams give a lot to the city's distinctive character and are loved by the people of Melbourne. 

In 2015-16, a total of 203 million passengers took rides on Melbourne’s trams.

Lincoln City F.C.

Lincoln City F.C. is an English football team currently playing in Football League one (the third tier of the English football league system).

The team play at the 10,127 capacity Sincil Bank in Lincoln, Lincolnshire, and are nicknamed the Imps after the legend of the Lincoln Imp. More recently, they have also been known as the Red Imps. Traditionally they play in red and white striped shirts with black shorts and red and white socks.

Neamț County

Neamţ () is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in the historic region of Moldavia, with the county seat at Piatra Neamţ.

In 2002, it had a population of 557,000 and a population density of 99/km².



Retezat Mountains

The Retezat Mountains (, ) are one of the highest massifs in Romania. They are part of the Southern Carpathians. The highest peak is Peleaga (Vârful Peleaga), at an altitude of . Other important peaks are Păpuşa (Varful Păpuşa) and Retezat Peak (Vârful Retezat).

The Retezat Mountains have many glacial lakes. The largest glacial lake in Romania, Bucura Lake (lacul Bucura) is in these mountains. It covers and is located at an altitude of metres. The area also contains the Retezat National Park, Romania's first national park.


Swainsona formosa

Swainsona formosa, commonly called "Sturt's Desert Pea", is the floral emblem of South Australia It was named after explorer Charles Sturt.

This plant is a part of the pea family, Fabaceae. It is only found in Australia. It grows in the drier areas of the country except in Victoria. Explorer William Dampier was the first European to collect a sample of the plant. He found it growing in what is now called the Dampier Archipelago in Western Australia in 1699. 


Gossypium sturtianum

"Gossypium sturtianum", commonly called "Sturt's Desert Rose", is the floral emblem of the Northern Territory. It was named after explorer Charles Sturt who found the plant in creeks near the site of Broken Hill, New South Wales in 1844. He collected the seeds and brought them back for Robert Brown (1773-1858), a Scottish botanist, to study.

A stylized drawing of the flower is used on the Northern Territory's flag.

University of San Francisco

The University of San Francisco, is a private Jesuit university founded in 1855 in San Francisco, California, and is the oldest university in San Francisco.

Hurricane Nora (1997)

Hurricane Nora was the first hurricane to cause a significant danger to the Continental United States since Kathleen in 1976.

Part of a tropical wave that contributed to the formation of Hurricane Erika in the Atlantic moved into the Pacific and became Tropical Depression 16-E on September 16 and Tropical Storm Nora that same day. It became a hurricane on September 18 while moving northwest. Its motion then stalled over an upwelling of cooler water that weakened it.

On September 20, Nora again started moving. It reached its peak intensity of 115 knots and 950 mb On September 21 and 22 it moved over the wake of Hurricane Linda. This weakened the storm back down to a Category 1. A trough developed that turned Nora to the northeast. This carried Nora over a favorable environment and towards Baja California. After restrengthening slightly, Nora made landfall as a Category 1 hurricane near Punta Eugenia and again south of San Fernando, both times as a hurricane. Nora stayed a tropical storm as it moved into the United States. Yuma reported sustained gale-force winds. Rains were heavy, sometimes exceeding the "annual" rainfall for the area. Nora weakened to a depression while over California, and it was over on September 26.

Nora killed two people in Mexico. One was killed by a downed power line in Mexicali, and the other was a scuba diving in underwater currents. No one in the United States was directly killed by Nora. However, the California Highway Patrol said several traffic accident deaths were due to the weather.

There was extensive damage to areas hit by Nora. Waves ruined dozens of homes. 350 to 400 people were left homeless in San Felipe, and winds uprooted trees and peeled roofs from homes in Puerto Peñasco.

In the United States, thousands were left without power in California and Arizona, and 16 telephone poles were downed in Seeley. Streets flooded in San Diego, Indio, El Centro, and Palm Springs. The winds damaged trees and three homes in Utah. Total damages were "several hundred million dollars", as well as 40 million dollars to lemon trees.

On September 24, Arizona Governor Jane Dee Hull activated an emergency response center to prepare the state's response to the flash flooding the storm would cause on the dry desert floor, and Yuma residents began to fill about 55,000 sandbags to contain the possible flooding. Hull also activated the state's National Guard, and sent drinking water and electric generators to Yuma. Farther inland, the National Weather Service issued flash flood watches for western Arizona, southeastern California, southwestern Colorado, southern Nevada and southern Utah on September 26.
The Yuma radar indicated a small area of rainfall totals along the northern Gulf of California coast of Baja California. In the United States, the largest total rainfall was recorded at the Harquahala Mountains in Arizona, where of rainfall were recorded as a result of Nora, causing flash floods in western Arizona.

Near Phoenix, rainfall from the storm caused the Narrows Dam, a small earthen dam, to fail. In other locations in Arizona, California, Nevada, and Utah, more than occurred in a few localized areas, sometimes comparable to the entire local yearly average rainfall. Flooding was also reported in Somerton, San Diego, El Centro, Palm Springs and Indio, while 12,000 people lost power in Yuma, as well as Los Angeles and southwestern Utah.

Despite the damage, the World Meteorological Organization did not retire the name "Nora" during its meeting in the spring of 1998. As a result, it was used in the 2003 Pacific hurricane season and was on the list of names to be used in 2009.

Mureș County

Mureş (, ) is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in the historical region of Transylvania. The capital of Mureş County is Târgu Mureş.

Mureş County has an area of 6,714 km².

In 2002, about 582,000 people lived in Mureş County.

Mureş County has 4 municipalities, 7 towns and 91 communes.




Hurricane Dog (1950)

Hurricane Dog was the strongest hurricane in the 1950 Atlantic hurricane season. It was the fourth named storm of the season. Dog began on August 30 to the east of Antigua. After passing through the northern Lesser Antilles, the storm turned to the north and became a Category 5 hurricane. Dog reached its highest strength of 185 mph (295 km/h) winds over the ocean. The hurricane weakened and passed within 200 miles (320 km) of Cape Cod before becoming extratropical on September 12.

Hurricane Dog caused high damage to the Leeward Islands, and was said to be the strongest hurricane on record in Antigua. Many buildings were destroyed or damaged on the island. In the United States, the hurricane caused damage along the coast. It damaged several boats and caused 11 people to drown. Strong winds caused large power outages across southeastern New England. Damage along Hurricane Dog's track totaled to about $3 million (1950 USD, $25.7 million 2007 USD).


Kingdom of Württemberg

Württemberg [], formerly known as Wirtemberg, is an area and a former state in southwestern Germany, including parts of the regions Swabia and Franconia. It was originally a Duchy but was raised to a Kingdom in 1806. 

Tiraspol

Tiraspol (Russian: Тирасполь and Ukrainian: Тираспіль) is the second biggest city of Moldova and the capital city of Pridnestrovie.

Sukhumi

Sukhumi or Sokhumi () is the capital and largest city of the breakaway independent state of Abkhazia.

Sokhumi was a multi-ethnic city. The people were Georgians, Abkhazians (Apsuans), Russians, Turks, Armenians and Greeks during Soviet Rule. During the Georgian-Abkhaz conflict Georgians in Abkhazia were forced to leave. Most Greeks have also left.

Tskhinvali

Tskhinvali is the capital city of South Ossetia.

Mariehamn

Mariehamm () is the capital city of the Åland Islands, an autonomous region in Finland. As of January 2014, more than 11,400 people lived in Mariehamm. Many ships sail between Mariehamn and the port of Turku.


Funchal

Funchal is the capital city of Madeira, part of Portugal. It is also the largest city of Madeira with 111,892 people.

Funchal is in a valley. It has even temperatures all year round. There is a rainier and slightly cooler season from October through March. A drier and warmer season lasts from April through September.

The harbor of Funchal used to be the only major port in Madeira. In 2007 cargo trade was moved to the port of Caniçal, 12 miles to the east. Funchal still serves cruise ships, ferries, and other tourist-related boats and yachts. 

A highway to Câmara de Lobos and Ribeira Brava is to the west. Santa Cruz, Machico and Caniçal can be reached to the east.

Madeira Airport is east of the city, in the municipality of Santa Cruz.

Simferopol

Simferopol () was the capital city of Crimea, Ukraine. It became the capital city of the Republic of Crimea on March 11, 2014.

Chess boxing

Chess boxing is a mixed sport which puts together the sport of boxing with games of chess in every other round. Chess boxing fights have been done since early 2003. The sport was started when Dutch artist Iepe Rubingh, given the idea by a similar sport in the writing of Enki Bilal, started actual matches. The sport has become more well known since then. To do well at chess boxing, players must be both good chess players and good boxers.

A match between two players is made up of up to 11 rounds of boxing and chess sessions, starting with a four-minute chess round followed by two minutes of boxing and so on. Between rounds there is a one-minute pause, during which the players change their gear. The form of chess played is rapid chess in which each player has a total of twelve minutes for the whole game. Players may win by knocking out the other player, checkmate, a judge's choice, or if the other player runs out of chess time. If a player does not make a move in the round of chess, he will be given a warning by the referee and he must then make a move in the next 10 seconds.

The idea was started in 1992 by cartoonist Enki Bilal, and a match of chess boxing was a big story part of his graphic novel "Froid Équateur". Iepe Rubingh, a Dutch artist, was took the idea from Bilal's book and started the sport in the spring of 2001. Rubingh decided that the method of play in the book, a boxing match with a chess match after, was not very good. Rubingh made the rules so a round of chess would come after a round of boxing.

The World Chess Boxing Organisation (WCBO), keeps control of the sport. The first world championship was in Amsterdam in 2003 and was won by Iepe Rubingh, the starter of the sport. The First European Chess Boxing Championship took place in Berlin on October 1, 2005 when Tihomir Atanassov Dovramadjiev of Bulgaria beat Andreas D'Schneider of Germany after D'Schneider gave up in the seventh round.

In April 2008, the World Chess Federation, FIDE, posted a video on its website in which its president Kirsan Ilyumzhinov played a friendly chess boxing match in Elista. Also in April 2008 the UK's first Chess Boxing club was started in London by Great Britain Chess Boxing Organisation founder Tim Woolgar. In July 2008 in Berlin, a 19-year old Russian mathematics student Nikolai Sazhin won the title of "World Champion" in chess boxing by beating Frank Stoldt. Stoldt resigned in the 5th round after losing his queen.

Iepe Rubingh

Iepe B. T. Rubingh (; 17 August 1974 – 9 May 2020) was a Dutch artist who was best known for starting chess boxing in 2003. He was born in Rotterdam.

Rubingh died on 9 May 2020 in Berlin, aged 45.


Teresa Stratas

Teresa Stratas (born May 26, 1938) is a Canadian soprano opera singer and actress. She was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Stratas has won 3 Grammy Awards and been nominated for a Tony Award

Beth Groundwater

Beth Groundwater is an American author who has written two novels in the Claire Hanover gift basket designer mystery series, "A Real Basket Case" and "To Hell in a Handbasket". The first, published in March, 2007, was put up for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007. The sequel, "To Hell in a Handbasket" was published in May, 2009. She writes in the Mystery genre, and has also written several short stories.

Groundwater first began writing fiction in the fifth grade, and in high school took an outside study in English. She went to the College of William and Mary and got a degree in Psychology and Computer Science in 1978. She worked in another job until 1999, then she chose to become a writer.

After going to a few writers' meetings, she began writing short stories. Seven were published before she met a literary agent who agreed to publish her first novel, "A Real Basket Case". It was published in 2007, and was put up for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007. Of her short stories, eight have been published and one was written in Farsi. Another of Groundwater's short stories has been made into a live play.

Groundwater's writings have won several awards. Her first novel was put up for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007. Groundwater's short stories have won awards also. Her short story "New Zealand" won first place in the 2003 PPW Paul Gillette Memorial Writing Contest, and was the winner of the Rocky Mountain Fiction Writers Short Story Anthology Contest. "Flamingo Fatality" won the Great Manhattan Mysteries Conclave Short Story Anthology Contest in 2005, and her 2005 short story "Lucky Bear" was first in the Storyteller Magazine Flash Fiction Contest.

Yanina Batyrchina

Yana (Yanina) Batyrshina (Russian:Яна (Янина) Фархадовна Батыршина, born October 07, 1979 in Tashkent, Uzbek SSR, Soviet Union) is a former Individual Rhythmic Gymnast. She competed for Russia. She was born to Tatar father and Jewish mother.

A Real Basket Case

A Real Basket Case is a fictional mystery novel that was written by Beth Groundwater. It was published by Five Star Publishing on March 21, 2007. It was later re-published in large print in January 2008. The novel follows the story of Claire Hanover who sets out to find out who murdered her husband.

It was put up for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007. The sequel, "To Hell in a Handbasket" is scheduled to be published in 2009.

Even though Beth Groundwater won the Princess of Rejection prize from the Sisters in Crime Guppies Chapter for having the second most rejections for her writings in the winter of 2005, "A Real Basket Case" was put up for the Best First Novel Agatha Award in 2007.

The novel got good reviews in several large newspapers. Barbara Bibel from Booklist review said that, "This will appeal to Desperate Housewives fans and those who like cozies with a bit of spice." Kirkus Reviews called "A Real Basket Case" "A tense, exciting debut." Author J.B. Thompson praised the novel, but he also said the main character could have been written better.

Right Now (Leon Jackson album)

Right Now is the debut album by X Factor winner Leon Jackson.


Leon Jackson

Leon Jackson (born 30 December 1988) is a Scottish singer. He won the 2007 UK series of the television show "The X Factor". His singles are "When You Believe", "Don't Call This Love" and "Creative". His album is "Right Now".

Karditsa

Karditsa is a Greek city. It is in the center of Greece in the district of Thessaly. It had 35,971 people according to the 2001 census. Karditsa is build on the large plain which is named Thessaly plain. It is the second largest plain in Greece. So it is an agricultural city. Near Karditsa is the city of Trikala. The west of Karditsa is the Agrafa range. Agrafa is a part of Pindus range. 

Gooloogong

Gooloogong is a small town in New South Wales. It is built on the banks of the Lachlan River. It is 57km south east of Forbes, 34 km north west of Cowra and 358 km west of the state capital, Sydney. There are about 250 people living in Gooloogong.

The town was established in the 1860s on what was the Pastoral Lease 'Goolagong'of Edward Sheahan from around 1840.

The town was originally built much closer to the Lachlan River, but was moved to higher ground because of floods.

John O'Meally is buried in an unmarked grave in the Anglican cemetery at Gooloogong. He was a member of Ben Hall's gang. He was shot dead when the gang tried to rob the Campbell's farm, Goimbla Station, on November 19, 1863.

Gooloogong has a hotel, shops and a park.

Boorowa

Boorowa is a small town in New South Wales. It is from Yass. The town is built on the banks of the Boorowa River, which flows into the Lachlan River. The town was first called "Burrowa". Boorowa and Burrowa are Aboriginal words in the Wiradjuri language meaning "birds". In 2008, there were 1350 living in Boorowa.

The first people to live in the area were the Wiraduri people. This was one of the largest tribes in New South Wales. They had several regular camping sites along the Lachlan and Boorowa Rivers. It is estimated that there were several thousand Wiradjuri people at the time of European settlement. A survey in 1851 showed that there were only 300 people left. Local Wiradjuri people were forced onto government reserves at Rye Park and Edgerton.

It is not known for sure who the first European explorers were in this area. Hamilton Hume and his neighbour, William Broughton, had explored the Yass area in 1821. They may have gone farther towards the Lachlan. Broughton had one of the first farms on the Boorowa River in 1828. By 1849, he had of land in the area. Other early settlers were James Hassall in 1827. His family already had large farms at Cowra by 1823. His brother Tom Hassal, a clergyman and his wife Ann Marsden (daughter of Reverend Samuel Marsden) and other family members were given land in 1831. There was a law at the time which gave free land to the children of clergy.

Many of the settlers in Boorowa were from Ireland and the town shows their influence. Two early settlers in the 1820s were cousins, Roger Corcoran and Ned Ryan. They had been sent to Australia as convicts. Saint Patrick's Church, built in 1877 has a huge stained glass window brought from Ireland in 1881. It shows Daniel O'Connell (1775-1847) the "Liberator of Ireland." The oldest building still standing in Boorowa is Shamrock Cottage, built in 1850, once the home of the owner of the Queens Arms Hotel.

There are many old buildings still standing in Boorowa. Webb and Crego's store, built in 1862, was robbed by bushranger Ben Hall in 1863. The Royal Hotel, built in 1860, is still a hotel although it is now called the Ram and Stallion Hotel. The Court House, built in 1884, is now an information centre for tourists.

Guity Novin

Guity Novin (born Guity Navran on April 21, 1944) is a Persian-Canadian painter and sculptor. She has started a movement in painting that she has named Transpressionism. She was born in Kermanshah, Iran, in 1944. She now lives and works in Vancouver and Toronto. Guity Novin was graduated from the Faculty of Fine Arts in Tehran in 1970. After leaving Iran, she moved to The Hague, Netherlands in 1975, and then to Manchester, UK where she completed her studies.

She moved to Canada in 1980 and lived and exhibited in Kingston (Ontario), Montreal, and Ottawa and finally settled in Vancouver, British Columbia.

She has introduced the Transpressionism style in 1994. By using this style she tries to convey her passionate philosophical ideas.

She has served on a UNESCO national committee of artists.

Murringo

Murringo is a small town in New South Wales. It is 25kms east of Young and 406 km west of the state capital, Sydney. The town was in the area often robbed by the bushranger, Ben Hall.

Europen settlers moved into the area in 1827. The first farm in the area was Marengo Station, 1833, owned by John Scarr. By 1840 there were about 40 people living in the area. When the town was laid out by the surveyors in 1849, they called the town Murringo. It has also been called Meringo, Marringa, Maringa, Muringo, Maringo and Marengo. In 1926 the town was officially called Murringo. In 1864, Ben Hall robbed John Scarr and his brother as they rode along the road to Burrowa.

The original plans included a market place, a big cemetery and large parks. When gold was found nearby at Lambing Flat in 1860, most of the people moved to the goldfields. Although there were only about 120 people living in the town, the people saved money and built the Christ Church Anglican Church in 1866. The foundation stone for the Sacred Heart Catholic Church was laid in 1871. A post office opened in 1857.

A number of historic buildings are still standing in Murringo. The church (1866), the Marengo Hotel, the police station (1880), the school (1870), school teacher's house (1879), the Plough Inn (a hotel) (built before 1860) and the Post Office (1857). A blacksmiths shop and cottage from the 1870's has been turned into a craft workshop.


Wellington, New South Wales

Wellington is a town in New South Wales. It is where the Macquarie and Bell Rivers join. The town is the centre of the Wellington Shire Local Government Area. The town is 362kms from Sydney on the Great Western Highway and Mitchell Highway. The average summer temperatures are between 17.5º Celsius and 31.7º Celsius. In winter the temperatures are between 1.5º Celsius and 15º Celsius. In 2001 there were 4,672 people living in Wellington. There were 9,200 people living in the Wellington Shire.

The area was originally lived in by the Wiradjuri people. Explorer John Oxley was the first Europen to visit the area in 1817. He named it "Wellington Valley" after Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington.

Wellington was settled in the 1823 by Lieutenant Percy Simpson in early 1823 as a convict settlement. Farmers started settling along the Macquarie Valley. The convict settlement closed in 1831. In 1832 a Christian mission was started in the settlement for the Aborigines. A village called Montefiores was started on the north side of the Macquarie River crossing. The village of Wellington was officially listed in 1846 and was made a town in 1879. Wellington Shire Council was started in 1947.

Wellington is the second oldest New South Wales settlement west of the Blue Mountains. A hotel that opened in 1842 is the oldest hotel west of the Blue Mountains. It was also the site of the last recorded duel fought in Australia in 1854. The railway from Sydney reached Wellington in 1880.

Wellington is the centre of rich farm land. Lucerne and vegetables are grown on land beside the river. Wheat, wool, fat lambs and beef cattle are grown nearby. The town acts as a business centre for the district. However, now Orange and Dubbo have become bigger business centres.

In September 2008, a gaol, the Wellington Correctional Centre was opened. A Probation and Parole Office was also opened in the centre of town. Wellington Council hopes this will increase the number of jobs and bring visitors to the town.

The local newspaper "The Wellington Times", owned by Rural Press, is printed three times a week.Home - ACM Ad Centre.

There is a daily train, the CountryLink XPT, which runs between Sydney and Dubbo.

The closest commercial airport is at Dubbo. There are regular daily flights from Sydney. There is a small airport ( Bondangora Airport) for private planes 12 km east of Wellington.

Lake Burrendong, a man-made lake. is 30 km south of the town. Its holds three and a half times more water than Sydney Harbour. Its water is used for farming. It is also visited by people wanting to fish, sail and water ski. Burrendong Arboretum is a sanctuary for endangered Australian plants and covers 1.60 km².

The Wellington Caves are millions of years old. The main cave is Cathedral Cave with the massive Altar Rock.

The Wellington Boot, a country racing festival is held in every year in March and April. There is also a winery, the Bell River Wine Estate. The Nangara Gallery has a collection of Aboriginal objects.



White Christmas

A white Christmas means that at least an inch of snow has fallen on Christmas Morning. This is more common in some countries than in others. 

For example, in the United Kingdom, there are not a lot of White Christmases; but in Canada, there is almost always a White Christmas. Ireland's last "official" White Christmas was in 2004.

Since the 1950's, there are less White Christmases in the USA.



Binalong

Binalong is a small town in New South Wales, Australia. It is 37 km north-west of Yass. 
The Aboriginal people who lived in the area were part of the Ngunnawal people. The first Europen to visit the area was Hamilton Hume in 1821. The name of the town is believed to come from either an Aboriginal word meaning 'towards a high place' or from 'Bennelong', the name of a famous Aborigine.

Binalong was outside the legal limits of European settlement in New South Wales. However farmers settled in the area before the law changed to allow settlement in 1839. From 1847 there was a police camp at Binalong and a court. The old Cobb and Co inn was built at that time as a staging post for Cobb and Co coaches.

The town was officially listed in 1850. It was an important stop on the way for people going to look for gold at Lambing Flat. The school was started in 1861. Gold also meant that there were bushrangers in the area. The grave of John Gilbert is near the town in the field where the police kept their horses. He was a member of Frank Gardiner's gang and later Ben Hall's gang. He was shot dead by police in 1865. 

The first railway station opened in 1875. The railway arrived in 1876. The current building was put up when the railway line was moved in 1916. The station and the signal box are now closed.

The family of the poet Banjo Paterson moved to the Binalong area in 1869 when he was five years old. He went to the primary school in Binalong but later went to boarding school in Sydney. He only came home in the holidays. Binalong features in a number of his poems, for example, "Pardon, the son of Reprieve" . Paterson's father is buried in the local cemetery.


Astro

Astro can refer to:


Astro (television)

Astro is a subscription-based direct broadcast satellite service based in Bukit Jalil, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. It transmits digital satellite television and radio to households in Malaysia, Brunei, Indonesia and Singapore. Astro is owned by MEASAT Broadcast Network Systems, which is a subsidiary of Astro All Asia Networks plc.


 Channels highlighted in this color are HD channels

Muscle Shoals, Alabama

Muscle Shoals is a city in Colbert County, Alabama, United States. As of 2020, the population of the city was 16,275.

Moulton, Alabama

Moulton is a city in Lawrence County, Alabama. It is included in the Decatur Metropolitan Area, as well as the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 3,398. The city is the county seat of Lawrence County.

Montevallo, Alabama

Montevallo is a city in Shelby County, Alabama, United States. A college town, it is the home of the University of Montevallo, a public liberal arts university with around 3000 students. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city of Montevallo was 7,229.

Monroeville, Alabama

Monroeville is a city in Monroe County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 5,951. The city is the county seat of Monroe County.

Author Harper Lee was born and raised in Monroeville. In her book "To Kill a Mockingbird", the fictional town of Maycomb is modeled on her hometown. The book received the 1961 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.

Millbrook, Alabama

Millbrook is a city in Autauga and Elmore counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. The population was 16,564 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Montgomery Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Millbrook has a total area of 14.51 square miles.

Madison, Alabama

Madison is a city in Limestone and Madison counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 56,933.

Madison is close to the Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Alabama, a major US army installation. Redstone Arsenal expanded in the 2000s when it took over the work of other Army installations that closed. Madison is one of the fastest growing communities in Alabama. The region's economy is also supported by NASA (the Marshall Space Flight Center), and major defense contractors.

Madison is served by a good public school system and by numerous private schools. Some of the accredited private schools are Madison Academy, Westminster Christian Academy, Randolph School, and Faith Christian Academy.

Marion, Alabama

Marion is the county seat of Perry County, Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 3,176. The city was first called "Muckle Ridge". It was renamed after a hero of the American Revolution, Francis Marion.

Midfield, Alabama

Midfield is a town in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 5,211.

Fairhope, Alabama

Fairhope is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama. It is on a sloping plateau, along the cliffs and shoreline of Mobile Bay. As of the 2020 census, 22,477 people lived there.


Fairfield, Alabama

Fairfield is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. It is a suburb of Birmingham. The population was 10,000 at the 2020 census. Fairfield was founded in 1910.

Fultondale, Alabama

Fultondale is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. It is a northern suburb of Birmingham. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 9,876.

Fruithurst, Alabama

Fruithurst is a city in Cleburne County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 235.

Fort Payne, Alabama

Fort Payne is a city in DeKalb County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 14,877. The city is the county seat of DeKalb County. The city calls itself the "Official Sock Capital of the World."

A magnitude 4.9 earthquake occurred here in 2003.

Fort Payne has the headquarters for the nearby Little River Canyon National Preserve, a 14000 acre National Park Service facility. The canyon itself is at Lookout Mountain outside the city limits. Another attraction is DeSoto State Park, a smaller facility with a lodge, restaurant, cabins, and river access areas.

Fort Payne is served by the Fort Payne City Schools system which includes:

Fort Payne is also served by the Northeast Alabama Community College which is in Rainsville.





Fort Mitchell, Alabama

Fort Mitchell is a community of 1,400 people in Russell County, Alabama, USA. It is south of Phenix City. The area was first a garrisoned fort. It was meant to help defend the area during the Creek War.


Foley, Alabama

Foley is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. The 2020 census lists the population of the city as 20,335.

Florence, Alabama

Florence is a city in and the county seat of Lauderdale County, Alabama, United States. It is in the northwestern corner of the state.

Florala, Alabama

Florala is a city in Covington County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 1,923.

Fayette, Alabama

Fayette is a city in Fayette County, Alabama, United States. The 2020 census lists the population as 4,285. The city is the county seat of Fayette County.

Russellville, Alabama

Russellville is a city in Franklin County in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 10,855. The city is the county seat of Franklin County.

Robertsdale, Alabama

Robertsdale is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 6,708.

Roanoke, Alabama

Roanoke is a city in Randolph County, Alabama, United States.

Roanoke is served by a weekly newspaper, "The Randolph Leader". As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 5,311.

Reform, Alabama

Reform is a city in Pickens County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 1,520.

Red Bay, Alabama

Red Bay is a city in Franklin County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 3,232.

Rainsville, Alabama

Rainsville is a city in DeKalb County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 5,505. Rainsville was incorporated in October of 1956.

Rainbow City, Alabama

Rainbow City is a city in Etowah County, Alabama, United States. It is part of the Gadsden Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Robert II of Scotland

Robert II (2 March 1316 - 19 April 1390) was King of Scotland from 1371 through 1390. He was the first king of the House of Stewart. He is known as Robert the Steward and succeeded the popular David II to the throne. He was crowned in 1371 and had 1 child, Robert III or "Robert the Lame" with Elizabeth Mure, he was mentally unstable and was born as John Stewart, he changed his name to Robert as he would be crowned John II recognizing John Balliol's claim as legitimate which would spark war.

He was born on 2 March 1316 in Paisley Abbey, Renfrewshire. He was the son of Walter Stewart and Marjorie Bruce. His mother died in childbith on 2 March and his father died 1326 and was buried in Paisley Abbey, where Robert II was born.

His reign began on 22 February 1371 upon his uncle's death (David II), he descended through Robert the Bruce and was crowned on March 26th of 1371. He wasn't a very popular king and died on 19 April 1390, he was succeeded by his son Robert III.

He had 2 wives during his lifetime, his first wife Elizabeth Mure and his second wife Euphemia de Ross.King Robert II had more children than any other King of Scotland, in all 15 by his two marriages. 

By Elizabeth he had:

(1) John, Earl of Carrick (later ROBERT III) c.1337-1406

(2) Walter Stewart c. 1338-1362

(3) Robert, Earl of Albany c. 1340-1420

(4) Margaret Stewart m. John Macdonald, Lord of the Isles

(5) Alexander, Earl of Buchan 'The Wolf of Badenoch' c.1343-1405

(6) Marjorie Stewart m. (i) John Dunbar, Earl of Moray (ii) Alexander Keith

(7) Jean Stewart m. (i) Sir John Keith (ii) Sir John Lyon (iii) Sir James Sandilands

(8) Isabel Stewart m. (i) James Douglas, Earl of Douglas (ii) David Edmondstone

(9) Katherine Stewart

(10) Elizabeth Stewart m. sir Thomas Hay, Lord High Constable of Scotland

By Ephemia he had:

(11) David, Earl of Caithness d. before 1389

(12) Walter Stewart, Earl of Atholl d. 1437

(13) Margaret Stewart

(14) Elizabeth Stewart m. David Lindsay, Earl of Crawford

(15) Egidia Stewart m. Sir William Douglas of Nithsdale

Robert II also had 8 illegitimate children by various mothers

Robert III of Scotland

Robert III (1337 - 4 April 1406) was the second King of Scotland from the House of Stuart, ruling from 1390 following the death of his father Robert II of Scotland till his own death in 1406 after 16 years as king. 

Magic Tour

The Magic Tour was the biggest and last tour by the English rock band Queen with their lead singer Freddie Mercury. The tour started in Sweden on 7 June 1986. It ended in England on 9 August 1986. The next band's tour Queen + Paul Rodgers Tour began about 19 years later, after the death of Freddie Mercury and the retirement of John Deacon. The tour included performances on 26 dates at Europe's stadiums. It was in support of their album "A Kind of Magic".

In 1987, Mercury was diagnosed with HIV. The band made the decision together to stop touring. This made the concert at Knebworth on 9 August the last time the four members of Queen would perform onstage together.

James II of Scotland

James II (16 October 1430 - 3 August 1460) was King of Scotland from 1437 through 1460. He was born at Holyrood Palace, Edinburgh. He inherited the Scottish throne after the assassination of his father James I on February 21st 1437, only aged 6 and was crowned king of Scotland on March 25th 1437 at Holyrood Palace where he was born.

James III of Scotland

James III (c. 1451/1452 - 1488) was King of Scotland from 1460 through 1488.

James IV of Scotland

James IV (17 March 1473 – 9 September 1513) was King of Scotland from 1488 through 1513. He was an effective ruler and popular king unlike his unpopular father James III of Scotland.

He was killed in battle at the Battle of Flodden on 9th September 1513 and was replaced by his 17 month old son James V of Scotland.

Some of James' relatives were:

James V of Scotland

James V (1512-1542) was King of Scotland from 1513 through 1542. He was the father of Mary Queen of Scots.

George Butterworth

George Butterworth (born London, 12 July 1885; died Pozières, France, 5 August 1916) was an English composer. He was killed while fighting in World War I. He is best known for a group of songs which are settings of poems by A. E. Housman.

Butterworth was born in London. His father was a solicitor who later became the general manager of the North Eastern Railway. The family moved to Yorkshire soon after George’s birth. He had his first music lessons from his mother, who was a singer, He soon started to compose music. His father wanted him to be a solicitor and so he sent his son to Eton College. From there he went to Trinity College, Oxford. At Oxford he became more and more involved with music, especially after he met the folk song collector Cecil Sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast Ralph Vaughan Williams. Butterworth and Vaughan Williams made several trips into the English countryside to collect folk songs. Both of them were influenced by English folk songs when they were composing. Butterworth was also a very good folk dancer. He was particularly fond of Morris dancing.

Vaughan Williams and Butterworth became close friends. It was Butterworth who said to Vaughan Williams that it would be a good idea to turn the symphonic poem he was working on into his "London Symphony". When the manuscript for that piece was lost in the post Butterworth and two other musicians helped Vaughan Williams to write it out again. Vaughan Williams dedicated the piece to Butterworth's memory after his death. When he left Oxford, Butterworth became a music critic for "The Times" as well as composing and teaching at Radley College, Oxfordshire. He also studied at the Royal College of Music for a short time, working with people such as Hubert Parry and Charles Villiers Stanford.

Although Butterworth had lots of work he often felt that his life had no purpose. When World War I broke out, Butterworth felt that he could be useful so he joined the British Army. He was killed by a sniper in 1916 at Pozières leading a raid during the Battle of the Somme. His body was not found, and his name appears on the Thiepval memorial, near the site of the Somme. He was awarded the Military Cross, and a trench was named after him.

Butterworth did not write a great deal of music, and during the war he destroyed many of his compositions that he thought were not good enough. Of those that survive, his works based on A. E. Housman's collection of poems "A Shropshire Lad" are the best known. Many English composers of Butterworth's time set Housman's poetry, including Ralph Vaughan Williams.

Butterworth wrote two song cycles on Housman's poems. They include some of the best-loved English songs of the 20th century, especially "Is My Team Ploughing?" and "Loveliest of Trees". He used this last song as the basis for his 1912 orchestral rhapsody, also called "A Shropshire Lad". It is full of soft, tender music as well as passion.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie, 1980, .


Charles Villiers Stanford

Sir Charles Villiers Stanford (born Dublin, 30 September 1852; died London, 29 March 1924) was an Irish composer who lived in England for most of his life.

Stanford was born in Dublin. His father was a very successful lawyer who was also interested in music. He played the cello and sang. Stanford’s mother played the piano. The young boy heard a lot of music at his home as there were often visitors who came to make music. Charles studied the piano, organ and composition and was composing and performing at concerts when he was still very young.

His parents had wanted their son to be a lawyer, but it was obvious that music was to be his profession. He won a scholarship to Queens' College, Cambridge in 1870 where he was a choral scholar. He learned very quickly and in 1873, while he was still a student, he was made organist of Trinity College and conductor of two choirs. While he had these jobs he was given time to make visits to Germany where he studied with Carl Reinecke and Friedrich Kiel. He met several famous composers including Brahms and Offenbach. He went to the opening of the Bayreuth Festival Theatre where the music of Richard Wagner was performed.

Stanford took his BA degree in 1874 and MA in 1878, and was given the honorary degree of D.Mus. at Oxford in 1883 and at Cambridge in 1888. He had a lot of energy and was known for working very hard. When the Royal College of Music opened in London in 1883 Stanford was made professor there. He became conductor of the Bach Choir and then he was made professor of music at Cambridge. He was still only 35 years old. He kept these two professorships until his death. Although he gave up his job as organist at Trinity he became conductor of the Leeds Triennial Festival and appeared with nearly every important British music festival. In 1902 he was knighted.

Stanford married in 1878 and the couple had two children.

Stanford died in London and was buried in Westminster Abbey.

Stanford is best known today for the choral music he wrote for the Anglican church. These includes some very fine anthems and motets as well as service settings. His music was much better than most of the church music that had been composed during the 19th century, so he helped to make British music better. He composed many pieces for music festivals: these include oratorios and cantatas as well as partsongs and solo songs. He also wrote a lot of orchestral and instrumental works. These often show the influence of Brahms and Schumann.

As a teacher of composition Stanford had a great deal of influence on many British composers. He sometimes had a bad temper, but he was also very good at showing students how they could improve their music. Composers such as Charles Wood, Constant Lambert, Vaughan Williams, Holst, Samuel Coleridge-Taylor, Rutland Boughton, John Ireland, Frank Bridge, George Butterworth, Arthur Bliss, Herbert Howells, Arthur Benjamin and Ernest J. Moeran all learned a great deal from him, and continued to admire him.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie, 1980. 

Thaksin Shinawatra

Thaksin Shinawatra (born July 26, 1949) is a former Prime Minister of Thailand, and he was in exile (as early as 2017) until 2023. He is also a businessman, politician. 

He is a former leader of the Thai Rak Thai Party.

In February 2024, he received the prime minister of Thailand, as a visitor, at his (home or) residence in Bangkok. Earlier that month, Thaksin Shinawatra stopped "serving a jail sentence while in hospital", because he was paroled..

He was put in prison in August 2023. Most of his time in prison (except for a "a few hours"), has been at the Police General Hospital; He has to stay in prison for one year (as of September 1, 2023).

In January 2024, Thaksin was informed (by the authorities) that there is Warrant (law) out for Thaksin; The warrant is about a crime (of Lese Majeste) that was supposed to have happened in May 2015.


"[H]is young sister, former prime minister Yingluck, went into hiding [in 2017]. She failed to appear at the Supreme Court's Criminal Division for Holders of Political Positions Positions ... to hear the ruling in her rice-pledging scheme trial".

Phitsanulok province

Phitsanulok is an important province in history north of Thailand.

In the Sukhothai Period, Somdej Phra Maha Dhammaraja Lithai was order to called Song Khwai. He order his son, Phra Sai Lue Thai to govern this city. 
In the Ayuahya Period, Song Khwai renamed to Muang Phitsanulok. And in Somdej Phra Borom Trai Lokkanat period, Muang Phitsanulok became the capital city for 25 years. Muang Phitsanulok became more importance. 
In the early Rattankosin Period, Phitsanulok still importance city of Thailand.

Phra Buddha Chinnaraj is the one of most beautiful Buddha image in Thailand. Phra Buddha Chinnaraj was build in 1900 B.E. Now Phra Buddha Chinnaraj is housed in 
Wat Phra Sri Maha That Woramahavihar.

พระพุทธชินราชงามเลิศ
ถิ่นกำเนิดพระนเรศวร
สองฝั่งน่านล้วนเรือนแพ
หวานฉ่ำแท้กล้วยตาก
ถ้ำและน้ำตกหลากตระการตา

Chatuchak Weekend Market

Chatuchak Weekend Market (also spelled Jatujak) is a market in Bangkok. In the past, it was in Sanamluang. In Buddhist Era 2521, the government wanted this place to be the park for relaxing and exercising. Thailand’s government authorities train gave Pahonyothin area connected to southern of Chatuchak Weekend Market to make a new market so the Sanamluang market had moved there and changed the named after the area named “Pahonyothin area market”. In Buddhist Era 2530, it had been changed the named to “Chatuchak Weekend Market” until now. 

Nowadays Chatuchak Weekend Market has been made buying and selling culture and be famous around the world as the center of selling products. It has more than 112,000 square meters. Foreign tourists know Jatujak market as JJ market or Chatuchak Weekend Market.


List of professional wrestling terms

Professional wrestling has accrued a considerable amount of slang, in-references and jargon. Much of it stems from the industry's origins in the days of carnivals, and the slang itself is often referred to as "carny talk." Often wrestlers used this lingo in the presence of fans so as not to reveal the worked nature of the business. In recent years, widespread wrestling discussion on the Internet popularized the terms.

























Nitrous oxide

Nitrous oxide is a gas with the chemical formula NO. It is found naturally in the air. It is also made artificially, because it has many uses. It is the third most important greenhouse gas. Because it is a greenhouse gas, people are trying to use it less. 

Nitrous oxide is used by doctors and dentists to reduce pain. In the body, it makes people feel happy. For this reason it is also called "laughing gas". It is sometimes used "only" to feel happy, like an illegal drug.

Nitrous oxide is used in high performance cars to increase the power of their engines. When it is used this way, it is usually called "nitrous" or "NOS". 

Nitrous oxide can also be used in aerosol spray cans, especially for foods like whipped cream. This is because it has a sweet taste and is not toxic, and also makes the whipped cream more fluffy.

Choral scholar

A choral scholar is a student at a university who gets money to help with the fees of his or her studies (a “scholarship”) in exchange for singing in the university’s choir. Some private schools also have choral scholarships. 

In the United Kingdom there are choral scholarships available at schools belonging to a cathedral or to one of the university colleges in Oxford and Cambridge. Some of these choirs are world famous for their church music such as the choirs of King’s College, Cambridge, St John’s College, Cambridge or New College, Oxford. Choral scholars in such choirs will be expected to sing at the services in the morning and evening (late afternoon) on Sundays as well as at Evensong on several days during the week. There will be rehearsals on most days.


Stanford

Stanford might mean: 







George Benjamin

George Benjamin (born 31 January, 1960, London, England) is a British composer.

Benjamin started playing piano when he was seven years old and soon started writing his first pieces of music. In 1976 he went to study at the Paris Conservatoire where Olivier Messiaen taught him musical composition and Yvonne Loriod taught him the piano. He then studied composition with Alexander Goehr at King’s College, Cambridge.

He was still only 20 when one of his compositions was played at the BBC Proms. Since then his works have been played by many famous orchestras. He has worked regularly at the Tanglewood Festival. He has conducted famous orchestras like the London Sinfonietta, Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra and the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra.

George Benjamin lives in London where he is Professor of Composition at King’s College, London. He has been given many honors including the Chevalier dans l’ordre des Arts et Lettres in 1996.


Episcopal High School

Episcopal High School was founded in 1839. It is a private boarding school in Alexandria, VA. The school's nickname is 'The Holy Hill' and it's campus is 130 acres large. Around 435 students live on the campus. These students are from 30 states, the District of Columbia and 17 countries. The school does not take any day students, all of the students have to live on campus.

When it was founded in 1839, it was the first high school in Virginia. It was originally called the 'Howard School'. It became known as 'The High School'. Originally only males were allowed to study at Episcopal. In 1991 the school allowed 48 female students to study. Today 50% of students are female.

The school has a set of simple rules it calls "honor code". Many schools have rules similar to Episcopal's Honor Code.
Episcopal's Honor Code says:
After a student finishes an important document, he or she must write the following and sign their name:


Gordon Gray (politician)

Gordon Gray (May 30, 1909 – November 26, 1982) was a government official of the United States during the administrations of Harry Truman (1945-53) and Dwight Eisenhower (1953-61).


William Eustis

William Eustis (June 21, 1753 – February 6, 1825) Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War. He served as United States Secretary of War from March 7, 1809 to January 13, 1813. He was appointed United States Ambassador to Holland by President James Madison, serving from 1814 to 1818.

Rheda-Wiedenbrück

Rheda-Wiedenbrück is a town in the district of Gütersloh, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 46,000 people live there. The town is famous for a lot of old and fine houses, which were built hundreds of years ago.

Debrecen

Debrecen is a city in Hajdú-Bihar, Northern Great Plain, Hungary. It is Hungary's second largest city by population, after the capital, Budapest.


Bryan Adams discography


Oryx

The Oryx (also called the sabre antelope) is a fast-running hoofed mammal that lives in dry regions of Africa and Asia (including the Arabian peninsula). They live in steppes (sparse grasslands), semi-deserts, and deserts.
These antelopes congregate in herds of 8 to 60 oryx. Newborn calves can run with the herd within minutes of their birth. Oryxes have a life span of about 20 years.
Some people think that the unicorn of legend was based upon the oryx.
Many types of oryxes (including the Arabian oryx and the scimitar-horned oryx) are endangered species, mostly because of overhunting and disease. 
The Oryx is an herbivore (a plant-eater). It eats grasses, shrubs and roots, spending most of its time grazing. Oryx are ruminants; they swallow their food without chewing it. After a while, they regurgitate a partly-digested "cud" which they chew and then swallow for the last time.
This desert animal can go for weeks without water; it gets much of its water from the plants it eats. 

Kyogo Kawaguchi

Kyogo Kawaguchi (born October 1, 1974 in Sano City, Tochigi Prefecture, Japan) is a Japanese singer-songwriter. 
He is now working towards world peace with "Chikyukyoudai" ("World Siblings"). His notable works include "Sakura". 


I WiSH

I WiSH was a Japanese music group. Members were: ai and nao. Ai is the vocal and plays piano. Nao plays piano　and keyboard. They were famous　for "Asueno Tobira", but this group ended in 2005.


Masaharu Fukuyama

Masaharu Fukuyama is a Japanese singer and movie and television actor. He is from Nagasaki, Kyūshū. One of his most well-known songs is "Sakurazaka".


Okonomiyaki

The name of this dish means "cook what you like". "Okonomiyaki" is mainly associated with Kansai or Hiroshima, but is widely available throughout the country.

"Okonomiyaki" is the popular food in Japan. In postwar Hiroshima, "okonomiyaki" was invented to save a few wheat flour and vegetables (for example, cabbage, bean sprout, green onion and so on.) because foods are shortage. It is called ""okonomiyaki "(fried liking foods)" because people made "okonomiyaki" to include their favorite foods in the past.

First, you cook mixed water and wheat flour and shape like a thin circle.

Second, you put cabbage, pork , other toppings and "tempura" bits and turn it over.

Third, you put fried noodles on it.

Fourth, you shape egg like a thin circle and put it below.

Fifth, you turn it over and put sauce and green laver on it.

Ōmisoka

The New Year's Eve is called "Omisoka" in Japan. People in Japan often eat "Toshikoshi soba ()”. People eat it with the wish of living a simple and long life next year.

Advent

The Season of Advent, which begins on a Sunday about four weeks before Christmas Day, is celebrated by most Christian Churches, as well as some other Christian communities. It is a time for people to prepare themselves for two different things: for the coming of the baby Jesus and Christmas, and for the Second Coming of Jesus, when he shall rule over all the Earth in peace. Not all Christian people remember Advent. Some people use it as a time of fasting, study, meditation and prayer. Special Advent Calendars are made for children, with pictures or treats for each day of Advent. In a lot of countries it is very common to have an advent wreath with 4 candles, every advent Sunday one candle more will be lighted so that on Advent 4th all 4 candles are burning and its bright, a symbol for Jesus as the light is coming to us on Christmas.

Generally, Advent is a time when many people are very busy in preparation for Christmas Day, cleaning and decorating, buying food and gifts, writing cards and letters, and cooking the Christmas feast. Some churches use special candles during Advent.

Pirog

Pyrih (the plural is "pyrohy") is a Ukrainian pie that can have either a sweet or savory filling. In Russia and Belarus it is called pirog (plural is "pirogi").

Pyrih (pirog) is usually made from yeast-raised dough, but can also be made from shortcrust or puff pastry. Pyrohy or pirogi are full-sized pies, while pyrizhky or pirozhki are smaller-sized pies that can be eaten with one hand.

The standard shape for pyrohy is oblong with tapering ends, but rectangular or circular pyrohy are also common. They can be closed or open-faced with no crust on top (like a tart).

The filling for pyrohy may be sweet and contain cottage cheese, or fruits like apple, plums or various berries. Savory versions may consist of meat, fish, mushrooms, cabbage, buckwheat groats or potato. In Ukrainian and Russian cuisines, pyrohy with a savory filling are traditionally served (like pirozhki) together with borscht, or soup.


Queens' College, Cambridge

Queens' College is one of the colleges that make up the University of Cambridge in England. It was first founded in 1448 by Margaret of Anjou (the Queen of Henry VI), and refounded in 1465 by Elizabeth Woodville (the Queen of Edward IV). This is why the name of the college is spelt Queens' and not Queen's: it was founded by two queens. 

The "President's Lodge" of Queens' is the oldest building on the river at Cambridge, dating from about 1460.

The college is on both sides of the river Cam. A bridge joins the two parts. This bridge is always called the "Mathematical Bridge". The students call the older part of the college "The Dark Side" and the newer part "The Light Side".

Many people take photographs of the college. There is a story that the bridge was designed and built by Sir Isaac Newton without the use of nuts or bolts. The story says that once some students tried to take the bridge apart and put it back together again, but were unable to do so. That is why they had to put nuts and bolts in which can be seen today. The story is not true. The bridge was built in 1749, after Newton had died. It was never taken apart although it was rebuilt twice.

Stephen Fry is one of many famous people who have studied there.


Peace and Truce of God

The Peace of God was a movement begun by bishops in southern France around 990 CE to limit the violence done to property and to the unarmed. The Carolingian Empire had collapsed and the nobles were making war almost all the time.

The Truce of God extended the Peace by setting aside certain days of the week when violence was not allowed. Where the Peace of God limited violence against the church and the poor, the Truce of God was about preventing fighting between Christians, especially knights.

Desmoxytes purpurosea

The shocking pink dragon millipede (also called the dragon millipede ("Desmoxytes purpurosea") is a millipede which has a bright pink color on its spiny body). It is very toxic. They have glands that release cyanide to protect them from predators.

The millipede has glands that produce hydrogen cyanide to protect it from predators, a fact advertised by its aposematic color. Because it produces cyanide, it smells like almonds.

It is one of a thousand new spcies found in the Greater Mekong region in the last ten years. It can be found at the Tai side of the Mekong river.

Scholarship

A scholarship is financial help (money) given to someone who wants to study. Scholarships can be given by schools or by universities or colleges or any other institution where people can study or where research needs to be done. It is similar to a bursary.

There are very many kinds of scholarships. Some scholarships will cover all the tuition fees (money that the student needs to pay to study), others may just help towards the tuition fees. Some scholarships may include money for other things such as food and accommodation.

Sometimes the students are expected to do something in return for having a scholarship. They may, for example, be expected to do some particular work after they finish their studies, or they may need to help the institution in some way. Quite often the amount of money a student gets will depend on how much money the family has.

Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women says that scholarship must be equally given for girls without discrimination.


Great egret

The great egret ("Ardea alba") (also known an the common egret, large egret, great white egret, or great white heron) is a large wading bird found worldwide. 
It is the second-largest member of the heron family in America (second only to the great blue heron). It lives in mudflats, tidal shallows marshes, lakes, rivers and flooded paddy fields. It winters in the south down to Colombia. The great egret flies with slow wing beats and has a deep, croaking call. It is 90-102 cm long.

The great egret eats fish, lizards, frogs, crayfish, small rodents, and insects. It often hunts in shallow water, usually impaling the prey on its long, sharp bill.

The great egret's nest is a platform of twigs and sticks that is built in trees or on the ground. Females lay 3-5 pale blue-green eggs in each clutch (a set of eggs laid at one time). The incubation period of the eggs is 23–26 days.

Birds of the Indian Subcontinent-2010, Oxford University Press, Richard Grimmett, Carol Inskipp, Tim Inskipp

Leeds Triennial Festival

The Leeds Triennial Festival was a festival of music held in the town of Leeds, Yorkshire in England. The festival started in the 19th century at a time when very large choirs were in fashion. Although there is now no festival called the Leeds Triennial Festival the town of Leeds continues to put on music festivals.

On 7 September 1858 Queen Victoria opened the new Town Hall in Leeds. It was a very large building, big enough for an audience of 4000 and a choir of 400 singers. The composer Sterndale Bennett conducted an orchestra and choir at the opening performance.

Although “triennial” means something that happens every three years, the next festival did not happen until 1874. In 1880 the first festival called the Leeds Triennial Festival was conducted by Arthur Sullivan. These festivals were very famous internationally because a lot of famous composers were asked to write new works for choir and to come and conduct them. Composers such as Raff, Dvorak, Massenet, Humperdinck, Parry, Stanford, Elgar and Sullivan himself all wrote new works for the festival.

Later in the 20th century many famous musicians continued to be associated with the festival including Benjamin Britten and Aaron Copland.

Although the last Leeds Triennial Festival took place in 1985 both the Festival Chorus and the Leeds Philharmonic Chorus continue to perform at the Leeds International Concert Season in the Town Hall.


Trimeresurus trigonocephalus

The Trimeresurus trigonocephalus, commonly known as the ""Sri Lankan Green Pit viper"", is a species of venomous Pit vipers found in Sri Lanka. There are no subspecies currently recognized.

Males are smaller than females who can grow to the length of around 130 cm, while males can grow up to the length of 80 cm. They are green in color, and their back has some shades of yellow, they also have black stripes all over them and have a black tail.

The Sri Lankan Green Pit viper is nocturnal and arboreal (it lives in trees), but can sometimes be found on the ground looking for food like frogs, lizards, and small mammals, it also eats birds which it finds in the trees. In the morning Sri Lankan Green Pit vipers can be seen on top of trees so they can warm up their body with the sun rays that hit them.

The Sri Lankan Green Pit viper is viviparous, meaning they give live birth. They give birth to their young during June and July. The have around 5 to 25 young at a time.

They are found in grasslands and rain forests of Sri Lanka

The Sri Lankan Green Pit viper is also known as the ""Pala Polonga"" and the ""Green Pit viper"".

The venom of the Sri Lankan Green Pit viper is hemotoxic. The bite of a Sri Lakan Green Pit viper is very painful, when someone is bitten by a Sri Lankan Green Pit viper the bitten area swells up, and the pain may last for a few days. The cells of living tissue die, blisters occur, and ptosis and lymphadenopathy take place. However, there have been no reports on deaths.

Venomous snake

A venomous snake is a snake that uses venom (poison) on prey to stop them and for self-defense.

Over 600 species are known to be venomous -- less than one fifth of all snake species.


Yoxall

Yoxall is a town in Staffordshire, England, UK. The river Swabourne flows through the town and it is close to the A515 road. 

Trimeresurus jerdonii

Trimeresurus jerdonii is a venomous pitviper species found in India (Assam), Burma, Tibet, China and Vietnam. Three subspecies are currently recognized, including this one.

Found from Assam in India, through northern Burma to Tibet, China (Hupeh, Szechwan and Yunnan) and Vietnam. The type locality given is "Khasi Hills, India."

Males grow to a maximum total length of 835 mm with a tail length of 140 mm; females 990 mm with a tail length of females 160 mm.

AXXo

aXXo is the Internet alias of an individual or group, who has been allegedly harassed by the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) for copyright infringement. He is famous for converting DVD movies into computer files that can be uploaded into the Internet and be downloaded by other people for free.

Ernest Moeran

Ernest Moeran (born Heston, Middlesex, England, 31 December 1894; died 1 December 1950) was an English composer.

Moeran (pronounce: “MORE-an”) was born in Heston, to the west of London. His father was an Irish clergyman. Ernest spent most of his childhood living on the coast of Norfolk. He learned to play the violin and the piano. At first he was taught at home by a governess. When he was ten he went to school. In 1908, he went to Uppingham School where he spent five years. When he left school in 1913 he started to study piano and composition at the Royal College of Music with Charles Villiers Stanford.

Moeran’s studies at the Royal College of Music were interrupted after 18 months because of the start of World War I. He joined the army as a despatch rider but he was soon badly injured in the head and could no longer fight in the army. After the war he did some music teaching, but then he started to study music again. His teacher this time was John Ireland who had been a pupil of Moeran’s earlier teacher Stanford.

After these studies his music started to be performed a lot. His "First Rhapsody" for orchestra was performed several times, including in 1924 by the Hallé Orchestra conducted by Hamilton Harty. He was asked to compose a symphony for the Hallé Orchestra, but he preferred to write shorter pieces, especially chamber music and piano music. In 1931 he wrote a "String Trio" which is one of his best works. 

Moeran became interested in folk music. He liked to go to country pubs and listen to the people singing there. He collected about 150 folk songs in Norfolk and Suffolk and made many arrangements of them.

By the mid-1920s, Moeran had become close friends with Peter Warlock. They lived together and often went out drinking together. Moeran gradually became an alcoholic.

In 1945, after Warlock had died, Moeran married the cellist Peers Coetmore. The marriage was not very happy although it helped Moeran to compose some of his best pieces: the "Cello Concerto" and "Cello Sonata".

Moeran was found drowned in the River Kenmare. At first people thought he had committed suicide but then it was found that he had had a heart attack and died before he fell into the water.

Moeran’s music is influenced by folk song. His harmonies are often like those of Delius. He was also influenced by Vaughan Williams, Holst, Bax, John Ireland and Peter Warlock. For many years he concentrated on piano music, songs and chamber music, but in his later years he wrote larger works such as the Symphony in G minor (1934-7) and his Concertos for the Violin and the Cello.


Despatch rider

A despatch rider is someone in the army who delivers messages ("despatch" or "dispatch" means "to send someone or something off on a journey"). A despatch rider either rides a horse or a motorcycle.

Despatch riders were used by armies to send messages between headquarters and the fighting soldiers. They might be delivering reports, but sometimes they took urgent messages which were often secret. It was a very dangerous job. Travelling between the lines of fighting armies the despatch rider could easily be blown up by a mine, shot by gunfire, or captured by the enemy.

Despatch riders always used to ride on horseback. In the 20th century they usually rode motorcycles. They were used a lot in World War I and even in World War II, although by the end of World War II electronic communications and cryptography had improved so that despatch riders were rarer.


The Ting Tings

The Ting Tings are an English duo Pop-Retro rock indie band formed in England in 2004. They are famous for the studio album "We Started Nothing" and famous for the hit pop singles "Shut Up and Let Me Go", "Great DJ", "That's Not My Name", and "Be The One". The pop band is only a 2 member band with Katie White and Jules De Martino. The band members met whilst at Leeds University.



We Started Nothing

We Started Nothing is an album recorded by Pop duo The Ting Tings. Singles include "Shut Up and Let Me Go", and "Be The One". The studio album was released May 2008. The album was also released as a limited edition LP on red vinyl limited to 2,000 copies. 


Shut Up and Let Me Go

"Shut Up and Let Me Go" (aka: "Shut Up & Let Me Go") is the third single off the studio album "We Started Nothing" by The Ting Tings. The song was released in the United Kingdom on July 21st of 2008, and was the follow-up to the number one hit single "That's Not My Name". The song was added to the coveted A-list of BBC Radio 1's playlist, and has received a substantial amount of airplay during the day on the station. The single peaked at number six in both the UK Singles Chart and the UK Download Chart.

1987 Sino-Indian skirmish

The 1987 Sino-Indian skirmish occurred at Sumdorong Chu Valley. This was the second conflict between the PRC and India, with the previous one taking place exactly a quarter of a century earlier.

Longbridge Plant

Longbridge Plant is an automobile plant in Longbridge, Birmingham, West Midlands, England. Most of it was demolished in 2005 and 2007.

Curzon Street railway station

Curzon Street railway station is a former railroad station in Birmingham, United Kingdom. It opened in 1838 and became a goods yard in 1854. 

Holography

Holography is a way of making three-dimensional picture with a laser. It allows the holographer to make a more exact image than with photography. The holograph seems to move and change slightly to look as if it were three-dimensional. Holography uses the wave aspect of light.

Holograms are made with light flashed onto a plate or screen, almost like how photos are made. To make a hologram instead of a photograph, some of the light, called a "reference beam," has to go directly to the screen. The light has to be a laser because lasers are more accurate and have a wavelength that does not change the way the wavelengths of light from other sources does, like light from lightbulbs. To stop other light from ruining the hologram, holograms are usually taken in the dark. Because even the tiniest vibration can stop the hologram from forming properly, the tables upon which that the holographer places the equipment may be built with shocks or inflated chambers to stop vibrations from the floor.

Holograms can be compared to photos. Holography records the intensity of light, like photography, but also records the difference in the phase of light. Holography records all of information from the light that the object reflects.


Holography uses a reference wave (which goes onto the plate) and an exposure wave (object wave, which comes from the object). The reference wave can save the phase information as patterns of light and dark on a film. The object wave and reference wave must have the same wavelength in order to save the phase information and they usually come from the same laser.

The most famous person in the history of holography is the physician Dennis Gabor, the inventor of the hologram. In 1947, he was trying to improve microscopes, and he figured out how to display three-dimensional objects.


Holograms need laser beams. A dispersing lens makes the beam bigger and then it goes through a special mirror. Only a piece of this laser beam can go through the mirror. Then this beam becomes the reference wave, and it is recorded on the film. The other piece of the laser beam is reflected off of the mirror. This piece becomes the exposure wave at the object. The object reflects this wave on the film.

Making a hologram is very similar to making a photograph, and it needs chemicals. To look at a hologram the film must be lit up with the reference wave. These waves are reflected on the film (hologram) and create a virtual picture of the recorded object, even if that picture can only be seen from a specific angle.

Industries use holograms to measure things. In the car industry, cars are measured using holography so engineers can see bulges and vibration characteristics. Phase-shift holography is one kind of holography used to make cars.

The first step in making a hologram is to examine the ground level state of the object, then overload the object through heat or mechanical pressure. Covering the original hologram and the modified hologram can produce interference fringes. By measuring the interference fringes, engineers learn how big the deformation or other problem is. Engineers can measure tiny terminal expansions or vibrations in mechanical systems. This needs two reference waves.

There are holographic storage machines for analog pictures and digital data. Digital information will be affiliated by a two-dimensional bit-pattern.

Dirty paper coding

In telecommunications, dirty paper coding (DPC) is a good way to send digital data through a channel that is subject to some interference that is known to the sender. The sender does precoding of the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference.

Costa asked the following question:

When Costa asked his question, the Shannon–Hartley theorem (and the more general noisy-channel coding theorem) was well known.
The Shannon–Hartley theorem tells us that, all else being equal, a paper sent along a path that picks up less dirt can reliably deliver more information than another paper sent along a path that picks up more dirt.
People have also thought up many ways of dealing with such dirt added after the message is written—see error detection and correction for details.

Most people expected that the same thing would happen when dirt is added to the paper before the message was written—the more dirt, the less information can be reliably sent.

In 1983, Costa showed the surprising result that we can send just as much information on such a dirty piece of paper as we can when writing on a clean sheet of paper, and gave a way to get that capacity.

A dirty paper code is a way for the writer to adapt his message to the dirt already on the paper.
The writer and the reader agree ahead of time on which dirty paper code they will use for the messages.

People have thought up several dirty paper codes, including Costa precoding (1983), Tomlinson-Harashima precoding (1971) and the vector perturbation technique of Hochwald et al. (2005).

A similar problem called "writing on dirty tape (WDT)" is more complicated.
As of 2005, the capacity computation problem and the capacity-achieving
problem for writing on dirty tape are unsolved

"Writing on wet paper" is a related problem in steganography

Many wireless networks use dirty paper coding, especially MIMO systems.

In a wireless network, often a transmitter has many different messages, and each one needs to be sent to a different person.

The sum-rate capacity of a system that transmits all the messages at the same time—and uses dirty-paper codes to reduce the interference between messages—can be many times the sum-rate capacity of a similar system that only sends one message at a time (TDMA).

Any one receiver is only concerned with the messages for that receiver—all the other messages the transmitter is simultaneously sending to everyone else are—to that receiver—irrelevant noise that only interferes with the desired message.

The "dirty paper" story can be seen as a parable for wireless communication.

Recently, there has been interest in DPC as a possible solution to optimize the efficiency of wireless networks, in particular multiuser MIMO networks and into an interference aware coding technique for dynamic wireless networks.

People doing "informed digital watermarking" use dirty paper codes, using this analogy:


Klamath River

The Klamath River flows through Oregon and northern California in the United States. It is long. The river empties into the Pacific Ocean.

The Klamath is the second largest river in California after the Sacramento River.

Bandai

Bandai Co., Ltd. is a Japanese company that makes toys and video games. It is the third largest toy maker in the world.

Battle, East Sussex

Battle is a town in East Sussex, England, UK. It is known as this because it was the place where the Battle of Hastings was fought.

John Key

John Phillip Key (born 9 August 1961) was the 38th Prime Minister of New Zealand and was the leader of the New Zealand National Party. He entered the New Zealand Parliament in 2002 representing the north-west Auckland area of Helensville as a National MP, a seat that he still holds. In 2006 he succeeded Don Brash as the National Party leader in 2006. Key led his party to victory in the November 2008 general election.

On 5 December 2016, Key resigned as prime minister and as party leader. Bill English soon replaced Key as prime minister and party leader.

Key was born in Auckland, New Zealand, to George Key and Ruth Key. His father, who was from the UK, died of a heart attack in 1967. Key and his two sisters were raised in a state house in Christchurch by his Jewish mother.

He attended Burnside High School, and earned a Bachelor of Commerce degree in accounting from the University of Canterbury in 1981. He has attended management studies courses at Harvard University, although he did not receive a degree from this institution.

Key met his wife Bronagh when they were both students at Burnside High School. They married in 1984. They have two children, Stephie and Max.

In 1995, he joined Merrill Lynch as head of Asian foreign exchange in Singapore. That same year he was promoted to Merrill's global head of foreign exchange, based in London, where he may have earned around US$2.25 million a year including bonuses, which is about NZ$5 million at 2001 exchange rates. Some co-workers called him "the smiling assassin" for maintaining his usual cheerfulness while sacking dozens (some say hundreds) of staff after heavy losses from the 1998 Russian financial crisis. He was a member of the Foreign Exchange Committee of the New York Federal Reserve Bank from 1999 to 2001.

Key became Prime Minister following the general election on 8 November 2008 which ended the Labour-led government of nine years under Helen Clark. The National Party, promoting a policy of "change", won 45% of the party vote and 59 of the 122 seats in Parliament, a big margin over the Labour Party which won 43 seats.

Key was sworn in as Prime Minister on 19 November 2008 along with his new cabinet. His first international outing as Prime Minister was the 20th APEC meeting in Peru the following day.

Key announced he will step down from the role of Prime Minister and leader of the National Party effective 12 December 2016.

List of people from Dunedin

The New Zealand city of Dunedin has produced a large number of famous people. Many of these are natives of the city; others travelled to Dunedin to be educated at the University of Otago.











Peter Warlock

Peter Warlock (born London, 30 October 1894; died London, 17 December 1930), was an English composer. “Peter Warlock” was not his real name. His real name was Philip Heseltine. He was also a music critic. When he wrote about music he used his real name, but when he composed music he used the pseudonym (borrowed name) "Peter Warlock", which is the name by which he is usually remembered today.

Philip Heseltine did not come from a musical family. When he was two years old his father died. His mother married again and went back to live in Wales, where she came from. Philip went to school at Eton College.

He was still a teenager when he was introduced to the composer Delius, who lived in France. They became good friends and Philip made piano arrangements of some of Delius’s music. Later he wrote a book about Delius. He studied in Germany for a time, and then at Oxford where he studied classics. He learned about music by teaching himself. He did not fight in World War I. He was a conscientious objector, but also, his health was not good enough for him to be in the army.

He spent most of his life in London, but he did visit Ireland for a year, and also spent three years with his mother in Wales, and four years in Kent where he lived with Ernest Moeran. Heseltine and Moeran often got drunk together. He became friends with the composer Bernard van Dieren whose music influenced him a lot. He also liked poetry from the time of Queen Elizabeth I.

He died in his apartment from gas poisoning. It is not certain whether it was suicide, but he did let his cat out before he turned on the gas.

His music, written under the name of Peter Warlock, often has links with his literary writings. Some of the best works he wrote are his songs, especially the song-cycle "The Curlew", which has lyrics from poems by W. B. Yeats. One of his most popular works is the "Capriol Suite" for string orchestra.

Warlock wrote many carols, such as "Adam Lay Ybounden", "Tyrley Tyrlow", and "Bethlehem Down".

Warlock was not influenced by folksong like many other English composers of the time. He liked many different styles, including Renaissance music and the music of Bartók whom he met. 

Land mine

A land mine (called a "mine" when a naval mine is clearly not what is meant) is an explosive weapon that is put on the ground or just underneath the ground so that it explodes when a person or vehicle goes by. They are called "mines" because people who put them there often dig a tunnel under the ground (like miners who dig for coal etc.). Many people can be killed by mines, including civilians. Sometimes mines can lie in the ground and kill and injure people years after a war has ended. 

There are different types of land mines. Big anti-vehicle mines are against vehicles. Smaller infantry mines are used against foot soldiers.

Charles Wood

Charles Wood (born Armagh, 15 June 1866; died Cambridge, 12 July 1926) was an Irish composer and teacher.

Charles Wood was born in Armagh, Ireland. His father sang in the Cathedral choir. Charles had music lessons from the cathedral organist, then he went to the Royal College of Music where he studied composition with C.V.Stanford and Hubert Parry. He also learned to play the horn and piano. After four years he went to Selwyn College, Cambridge, at first to study, then to teach harmony and counterpoint. In 1889 he got a teaching job at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge. Soon he became their first Director of Music and Organist. When Stanford died, Wood became Professor of Music at Cambridge.

Wood is mainly remembered today for his Anglican church music. He wrote music for the Communion Service and service settings of the Magnificat and Nunc dimittis. These are often sung today in cathedrals and churches. He wrote many fine anthems including "O thou, the central orb". In Cambridge he is remembered for the chimes he wrote for the clocks of Gonville and Caius College.

His pupils included Ralph Vaughan Williams at Cambridge and Herbert Howells at the Royal College of Music.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie ISBN 1-56159-174-2

Arthur Bliss

Sir Arthur Bliss CH KCVO (London, 2 August 1891; died London, 27 March 1975) was a British composer. When he started composing, his music sounded very modern and harsh. As he got older he changed his style and wrote more Romantic music in the style of English composer Edward Elgar. For more than twenty years he was Master of the Queen's Music.

His father was American, his mother was English. He went to school at Rugby. He went to Cambridge University where he studied with Irish composer Charles Wood. Wood also taught the composer Ralph Vaughan Williams. Bliss got to know Elgar whose music influenced him very much.

For a short time he learned music from Charles Villiers Stanford at the Royal College of Music. During World War I he served in the army.

After the war he started to play his music in public. These compositions show the influence of Stravinsky, Ravel and Les Six. His music even sounded jazzy. After a few years his music became more Romantic. Elgar asked him to write something for the Three Choirs Festival in 1922. The piece he composed was his "Colour Symphony" in which he tries to describe colours in music.

During the 1920s his music became more traditional. He wrote a lot of music for movies including music for the movie "Things to Come" (H.G.Wells). He loved the theatre and composed music for the ballets "Checkmate" and "Miracle in the Gorbals". One of his best works is the choral symphony "Morning Heroes" (1930). This was written to remember those who were killed in World War I.

When World War II started he was in the USA. He stayed there and taught at Berkeley, California until 1941. Then he returned to England. For a time he was Director of Music of the BBC. He wrote an opera "The Olympians". In 1953 he was made Master of the Queen's Music. He kept that position until his death, writing many pieces of music for official royal occasions.

He was given many honours, including the Companion of Honour and the Royal Victorian Order.

In his later years he composed several works for orchestra as well as for choirs.

He died on 27 March 1975. His wife, Gertrude died on 21 November 2008 at the age of 104.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed. Stanley Sadie 


Plumbing

Plumbing (which comes from the Latin word "plumbum", which means lead, as pipes were once made from lead) is the job of working with pipes, tubing and plumbing fixtures for drinking water systems and getting rid of waste. A plumber is someone who fixes or puts in piping systems, plumbing fixtures and equipment such as water heaters. Many plumbers are construction workers. The plumbing industry is an important part of every developed economy because people need clean water and safe ways to move and store waste.

Plumbing also refers to a system of pipes and fixtures put in a building to move water and the get rid of waste that is in water. Plumbing is different from water and sewage systems because plumbing system serves one building, while water and sewage systems serve a group of buildings or a city.

Plumbing was very rare until modern cities grew in the 19th century. At about the same time, public health leaders began wanting better systems to get rid of waste. Before this, people got rid of waste by collecting it and dumping it onto the ground or into rivers. However, there were some plumbing pipes in the city settlements of the Indus Valley Civilization by 2700 B.C. Plumbing was also used during the ancient civilizations such as the Greek, Roman, Persian, Indian, and Chinese civilizations as they built public baths and needed drinking water, and somewhere to drain waste. The Romans used pipe inscriptions to stop people from stealing water. 

These systems did not improve much over the years. There were almost no improvements from the time of the Roman aqueducts and sewers until the 19th century. Eventually the development of separate, underground water and sewage systems got rid of open sewage ditches and cesspools. Most large cities today send solid wastes through pipes to sewage treatment plants. Treatment separates water from waste and makes the water more pure before it goes into streams or other bodies of water. Most places stopped using lead for drinking water after World War II because of the dangers of lead poisoning. At this time, copper piping was started because it was safer than using lead pipes.

Water systems in ancient times used gravity to move water. They used pipes or channels usually made of clay, lead, bamboo or stone. Today, water-supply systems use a network of high-pressure pumps, and pipes are now made of copper, brass, plastic, or other nontoxic material. Drain and vent lines are made of plastic, steel, cast-iron, and lead. Lead is not used in pipes today because it can be poisonous.

The 'straight' sections of plumbing systems are of pipe or tube. A pipe is usually made by casting or welding, where a tube is made through extrusion. Pipe usually has thicker walls and may be threaded or welded, where tubes have thinner walls, and needs special joining techniques such as 'brazing', 'compression fitting', 'crimping', or for plastics, 'solvent welding'.

As well as the straight pipe or tubing, many fittings are required in plumbing systems, such as valves, elbows, tees, and unions.

Plumbing fixtures are designed for the people who use the water. Some examples of fixtures include water closets (also known as toilets), urinals, bidets, showers, bathtubs, utility and kitchen sinks, drinking fountains, ice makers, humidifiers, air washers, fountains, and eye wash stations.

Much of the plumbing work in places where many people live is done under government rules. Putting in plumbing and fixing plumbing generally must be done according to plumbing and building codes to protect the people who live or work in the buildings.

Copepod

Copepods (meaning "oar feet") are small, shrimp-like crustaceans that swim in seas, lakes, and ponds. Copepods are very important in the food web, and many animals eat them.

There are 10 orders of copepods and over 4500 species; a few orders are free-swimming, but many are parasites (of fish). The free-swimming copepods move through the water in jerky motions by moving their swimming legs. 

Donegal

Donegal is a town in County Donegal, Republic of Ireland. 

There are many sandy beaches in the area round Donegal and the town is used as a base for hill-walking in the nearby Bluestack Mountains. Traditionally the largest employer in the town has been Magee of Donegal, makers of tweed garments.

Dingle

Dingle is a town in County Kerry, Republic of Ireland. It has a large natural harbour.
<br>

Young, New South Wales

Young is a town in New South Wales, Australia. It is the centre of Young Shire. It is on the Olympic Highway. It is about 2 hours drive from Canberra. Young is in a valley surrounded by hills. In 2001 there were 6,821 people living in Young.

Young is known as the Cherry Capital Of Australia and every year hosts the National Cherry Festival.

 The indigenous people of the district were members of the Burrowmunditory tribe, part of the Wiradjuri people.

James White was the first European settler in the area. He started Burrangong Station (farm) in 1826 by taking an area of 100 square miles.
Gold was found in the area in 1860. Until that time the area was called Lambing Flat. This was an area where sheep were grazed before the gold rush. The town was officially listed in 1861. About 470,000 ounces of gold were sent by the armed gold escort from the goldfields. Up to 20,000 miners were digging for gold including about 2,000 Chinese miners.

From November 1860 through to June 1861 European miners attacked Chinese gold miners in the area. This is now known as the Lambing Flat riots. As gold became harder to find, European miners got upset that the Chinese miners were still finding gold. Many Chinese miners were attacked, robbed and killed. They were chased off the goldfields. Eventually the riots were stopped and the Chinese miners had their mining areas given back. The New South Wales Parliament passed the Chinese Immigration Bill. This put a limit on the number of Chinese that could come to New South Wales on any ship. They also had to pay a tax to come New South Wales.

In 1889 Young was the first country town in Australia to have electricity for the streets and houses. Young was the first Local Government Area to start a country school bus system in New South Wales

There are seven schools in Young:




Young Shire Council has started these gardens next to Chinaman’s Dam. This is an old railway dam about 4 km south of Young. They are made to create a peaceful feeling like the Japanese garden at Cowra.

Chinaman’s Dam was built in the 1860s by Dutch brothers, Herman and John Tiedeman. They used the water for the sluicing of their Victoria Hill gold claims. In the 1870s, the brothers sold the area, including the dam, to a Chinese group who worked the site. It is in a small gully called Pitstone on Sawpit Gully.

In 1882 the NSW government started to build the first part of the Blayney to Demondrille railway line. To provide water for the steam trains, they decided to use the dam and pump water from it to a tank, known as Young Tank, at the 246 mile post. It is not known whether the railways improved the old dam or built a new one.

From 1885 to 1901, trains stopped at Young Tank to refill with water. In 1901, trains were able to get water at Young Railway Station. The supply of water came from Chinaman’s Dam. The size of the dam was enlarged in 1911 to hold about 2 million gallons.

The dam was a popular spot for swimming.

When the town water supply was connected to the Burrinjuck Dam, the railways stopped using Chinaman’s Dam. In 1937 the area turned into a 36-acre park. The Shire Council looks after the gardens. The dam has since been made bigger.

Ammunition

Ammunition, often called ammo, comes from the French word "la munition". At first it meant all items used for war. This was from the Latin word "munire" (to provide). It now is used only for bullets and other projectiles that are thrown at the enemy by guns, and the gunpowder or other propellant that throws the projectiles. The group word for all types of ammunition is munitions. This means any explosive thing that can be used in combat and includes bombs, missiles, warheads, and mines (landmines, naval mines, and claymore mines). These are made in munitions factories. 

Ammunition is mainly used to attack a target. Ammunition can include flares and incendiary devices that start fires. Since the invention of the cartridge, ammunition has come to mean the putting of a projectile - the item that is sent to hit the target, and its propellant - the chemical that creates the force, into a single package. 

Ammunition is a complex subject. It includes many different weapons used by people, such as explosives and propellants, cartridges, high explosive projectiles (HE), warheads, special shells to attack armour and aircraft, carrier projectiles, fuses, mortar ammunition, small arms (revolver and pistol) ammunition, grenades, mines, flares, improved conventional munitions, and computer guided munition.

Emirate

An emirate is a political territory that is ruled by an emir, a dynastic Arab Monarch. The word emirate or amirate comes from , "Imaarah" ; plural: إمارات, "Imaraat". The United Arab Emirates is a federal state of seven federal emirates, each administered by a hereditary emir, these seven elect the federation's President and Prime Minister. Most emirates have either disappeared or become part of a larger modern state, some changed their rulers' title, e.g. to Malik (Arabic for King) or Sultan. Therefore true emirate-states have become rare. 

In Arabic the term can be generalized to mean any province of a country that is administered by a member of the ruling class, especially of a member of the royal family, as in Saudi Arabian governorates.




Mike Busniuk

Mike Busniuk (born December 13, 1951 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He is the younger brother of Ron Busniuk, who played for the Buffalo Sabres.



Glasgow Subway

The Glasgow Subway is a subway system serving Glasgow, Scotland, UK. It started in 1896. Then it was run by cables. There are 15 stations. in 1935 it was changed to run on electricity. It is a circular system, and has stayed the same since it started. It carries 13 million passengers each year. 

Now it is run by the Strathclyde Partnership for Transport.

Tyne and Wear Metro

Tyne and Wear Metro is a rapid transit system in Newcastle upon Tyne, Gateshead, South Tyneside, North Tyneside and Sunderland.
It opened in stages from August 1980 and now has 60 stations, with two lines covering 77.5 km (48.2 mi) of track.  It was mostly made from  converted former railway lines linked with some new tunnels.

Sydney White

Sydney Rae White (born 30 November 1991) is an English actress and singer.

Sydney was born in London on 30 November 1991. She first attended Broomfield House School in Kew. She got her parents to take her to the children's agency Young'uns. After her first audition she was offered the role of Cosette in "Les Misérables". The next year she had four performances per week at London's Palace Theatre while still doing schoolwork. Sydney then auditioned for the Sylvia Young Theatre School. She was accepted and started in September 2002.

Sydney lives in West London with her parents, two older brothers (Paul and Adam) and two younger brothers (Cameron and Spike). She also has a dog called Digger. She won a LAMDA award in 2003. She currently stars in the CBBC programme "Young Dracula". She plays one of the main characters, Erin Noble.



"Sun goes down" (2011)

Judicial nullification

Judicial nullification is a right of a judge to nullify (make invalid) a law if they feel it is too harsh in a certain situation where it is being applied. During the Constitutional Convention many, including George Mason, Elbridge Gerry and James Wilson felt the courts could decide if a law was unconstitutional, and if so, refuse to enforce it. Other founding fathers including John Francis Mercer, Gouverneur Morris and John Dickinson argued against allowing judges to have that power. The issue was left unanswered. However, when deciding that a new law needed the approval of the president, all attempts to have the judiciary approve new laws were soundly defeated. Judicial Nullification is sometimes used to mean jury nullification. More often it means nullifying a law, legal code or statute by a member of the judiciary.

In 1832 South Carolina said a new tariff law was unconstitutional, thus not really a law. Vice President John C. Calhoun agreed, but President Andrew Jackson disagreed. Jackson threatened to send troops. The two sides negotiated. Congress changed the tariff, and South Carolina decided the new law was not against the Constitution.

In 2011 the Supreme Court made a ruling that, in essence, says lower court judges can ignore the law. There were three petitions before the Court asking if federal courts need to be stopped from ignoring laws, rules and facts. The Supreme Court refused to grant "certiorari" (a writ seeking judicial review of a matter). In other words, the Court refused to consider the three petitions.

Emir

Emir (; female: '; emira; (Persian and Urdu: ') "commander" or "general", also "prince"; also transliterated as amir, aamir or ameer) is a high title of nobility or office. It is used throughout the Arab world and historically in some Turkic states and Afghanistan. Emirs are usually considered high-ranking sheiks, but in monarchical states the term is also used for princes; then "emirate" means more or less the same as principality in this context.
Emir is used also as a name in Turkey like Emir Niego and Emir Sevinc. 
"Emir" is the most common spelling in English and many other languages (for example, United Arab Emirates). The spelling "amir", that is closer to the original Arabic, is more common for its compounds (e.g., admiral) and in individual names. 



UTC+08:00

UTC+08:00 is the timezone for:

Launceston, Tasmania

Launceston is a city in Australia. It is the second biggest city in the state of Tasmania. It has about 100,000 people. It is at the place where the North Esk, South Esk and Tamar Rivers meet. It was founded in 1806.

Governess

A governess is a female person who works for a family, teaching the children in their home. She is not like a nanny who looks after them all day, dressing them etc. The governess's job is to be their teacher. She saw to their discipline and early education. Often girls received all their education from their governess (or sometimes a tutor), though boys usually went away to boarding school before their teen years, and then some went on to college.

Very few children nowadays have a governess, but it was quite common in the families of rich people until around the beginning of the 20th century. In England quite a lot of young children who lived in the country, a long way from good schools, had a governess. When the boys were old enough they were sent away to a boarding school.

Governesses taught basic skills such as Reading, Writing and Arithmetic. They may also have taught other skills such as French, piano playing and drawing or painting. Sometimes other teachers might be 

A governess was not a household worker, but she was not treated like a member of the family either. This meant that they were often quite lonely, and they usually ate their meals alone. For girls from a middle class background who were not married it was one of the only ways of earning a living. When the children she taught (her "charges") grew up, she would have to find a new job.

Novels of the time were usually about rich families, and a governess often comes into the story, e.g. in Charlotte Brontë's "Jane Eyre" or Anne Brontë's "Agnes Grey". Maria, the main character in "The Sound of Music", leaves the convent and becomes a governess to the children of the von Trapp family.

Confederation of the Rhine

The Confederation of the Rhine was a client state of First French Empire. It existed from 1806 through 1813. Its ruler was Napoleon I of France, called "Protector of the Federation". It included most of the German states but not the two biggest, Prussia and Austria. The Confederation of the Rhine was one of the successors of Holy Roman Empire and one of the predecessors of the German Confederation. The confederation only lived a few years but it was a precedent for the later unification of Germany. It temporarily unified many of the diverse German states east of the Rhine River.

Constant Lambert

Leonard Constant Lambert (23 August 1905 – 21 August 1951) was a British composer and conductor.
Lambert’s father was the painter George Washington Lambert who had come to England from Australia. Lambert was often ill when he was a child. He went to school at Christ's Hospital and won a scholarship to the Royal College of Music. He soon became interested in French and Russian music. He became friends with other famous people including the Sitwell family, William Walton, Philip Heseltine and Bernard van Dieren. He and Edith Sitwell were the reciters at a performance of Walton’s "Façade".

Lambert was a prodigy: he was composing music for orchestra when he was only 13, and when he was 20 he was asked to write a ballet for Serge Diaghilev's world-famous Ballets Russes ("Romeo and Juliet").

He soon became very famous. His best known work is "The Rio Grande" for piano solo, chorus and orchestra. It has a mixture of musical styles: jazz, habaneras and the influence of Delius and Duke Ellington.
During the 1930s he performed a lot as a conductor with the Vic-Wells Ballet (later the Royal Ballet), but he stopped composing music. Lambert thought he had failed as a composer, and only finished two more big works in the last sixteen years of his life. He continued conducting, and appeared at Covent Garden and in BBC broadcasts, and travelled to Europe and America conducting ballets. He was an excellent ballet conductor and helped the dancers to give their best performance.

During the war he became ill. He refused to see a doctor. He was working very hard and also drinking a lot.

Lambert liked jazz and thought it was an important influence on popular culture of the time. He wrote a book about this, called "Music Ho!" (1934). The book is widely read today, although it shows a very personal approach to music.

Lambert was married twice. His first marriage was to Florence Kaye. He later married Isabel Nichols, an artist, in 1947. After Constant Lambert's death, Isabel married the composer Alan Rawsthorne.

Lambert died on 21 August 1951. He had pneumonia and it was also found that he had diabetes made worse by alcoholism.

Kensington, Calgary

Kensington is a neighborhood in Calgary, Alberta. It is around the intersection of Kensington Road and 10th St. NW.

The neighborhood hosts "Christmas in Kensington Village" in December, the Sun and Salsa Festival in July, as well as the "Bizarre Bikes & Bazaar" in May.

Kensington is home to the Calgary Kookaburras Australian rules football club.

Samuel Coleridge-Taylor

Samuel Coleridge-Taylor (born London, 15 August 1875; died Croydon, 1 September 1912) was an English composer.

Coleridge-Taylor died in Holborn, London. His black father was a doctor from Sierra Leone, his mother was English. His parents were not married. The father went back to Africa by February 1875. He had the job of coroner for the British Empire in the Gambia in the late 1890s. He did not know anything about his son’s existence.
Coleridge-Taylor was brought up in Croydon . He studied the violin at the Royal College of Music and composition with Charles Villiers Stanford. In 1899 he married Jessie Walmisley who had been a student with him at the RCM. Her parents did not want her to be married to someone of mixed race. The couple had a son, Hiawatha (1900-1980) and a daughter, Avril, born Gwendolyn (1903-1998).

Soon Coleridge-Taylor became known as a composer. Edward Elgar helped him get one of his pieces performed at the Three Choirs Festival. Two months later Stanford conducted the cantata "Hiawatha’s Wedding Feast", the piece for which he is best remembered. He toured the United States in 1904. This made him even more interested in finding out about his racial heritage. He wanted to do for African music what Johannes Brahms had done for Hungarian music and Antonín Dvořák for Bohemian music. He had met the American poet Paul Laurence Dunbar in London and set some of his poems to music. Several people encouraged him to learn more about his heritage.

Coleridge-Taylor was a shy man, but he was a very good conductor. He was often asked to adjudicate at music festivals.

Coleridge-Taylor was 37 when he died of pneumonia. His widow hardly had any money, but King George V gave her a pension of GB£100, which shows how popular Coleridge-Taylor had been as a composer. A memorial concert was held later in 1912 at the Royal Albert Hall and gathered £300.

Coleridge-Taylor's works were often performed by Sir Malcolm Sargent who conducted ten seasons of a costumed ballet version of "Hiawatha" at the Royal Albert Hall between 1928 and 1939 with the Royal Choral Society (600 to 800 singers) and 200 dancers.

Coleridge-Taylor's best-known work is his cantata "Hiawatha's Wedding-feast", which was performed very often by choral groups in England during his lifetime and for many years after his death. He wrote several other pieces about Hiawatha: "The Death of Minnehaha", "Overture to The Song of Hiawatha" and "Hiawatha's Departure".

He also wrote a lot of chamber music, anthems and other works. The orchestral piece "Petite Suite de Concert" used to be very popular, but its Romanticism sounds a little old-fashioned now.

The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, ed Stanley Sadie; 

Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro

The Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro is a Catholic university based in the neighborhood Gavea in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It was founded in 1941 by D. Sebastião Leme and the Rev. Leonel Franca, and was officially recognized in January 15, 1946.
The PUC-Rio was one of the first universities that taught Entrepreneurship in the graduation courses in Brazil.

Quim Monzó

Quim Monzó (born in Barcelona, Spain, in 1952) is a Catalan writer of novels, short stories and discursive prose, mostly in the Catalan language.

In the early 1970s, Monzó reported from Vietnam, Cambodia, Northern Ireland and East Africa for newspapers in Barcelona. His fiction is full of irony. His other prose maintains this humor. One collection of his essays, "Catorze ciutats comptant-hi Brooklyn", is notable for its account of New York in the days immediately following September 11.





Northern Light Infantry

The Northern Light Infantry (NLI) is a Light Infantry Regiment of the Pakistan Army. Headquartered in Gilgit, the capital of Northern Areas, Pakistan, it is the main force protecting the strategically important northern areas of Pakistan.

National Command Authority (Pakistan)

The National Command Authority (NCA) of Pakistan is the Pakistani organisation responsible for policy formulation. It has control over employment and development for all strategic nuclear forces and strategic organizations.

Setting (fiction)

A setting is the time, location, and atmosphere (e.g. happy, sad, exciting, frightening, etc.) that a piece of writing is taking place in.

National symbols of Pakistan

The National symbols of Pakistan (Urdu:); Each Country of the world adopts some signs or emblems, which they regard as the representative of their country traits. "Pakistan" has several “Official National Symbols”. "Pakistanis" have several official National symbols including a historic document, a flag, an emblem, an anthem, a memorial tower as well as several national heroes. The symbols were adopted at various stages in the existence of Pakistan and there are various rules and regulations governing their definition or use.
The oldest symbol is the Lahore Resolution or ""Resolution of Pakistan"", adopted by the All India Muslim League on the 23rd of March in 1940, and which presented the formal demand for Greater Autonomy for Muslims in United India, and later led to the demand for a separate and Independent 'Pakistan'. The Minar-e-Pakistan memorial tower which was built in 1968 on the site where the Lahore Resolution was passed in 1940.

The national flag was adopted just before independence was achieved on 14 August 1947. The national anthem and the state emblem were each adopted in 1954. There are also several other patriotic symbols including the national animal, bird, flower and tree; and some other things known as "National Identity". The “National symbols” and mostly national things of Pakistan are mentioned and listed here respectively.

The following section introduces you to the natural National Identity Elements of Pakistan. These symbols are intrinsic to the common “Pakistani national identity and heritage”.

Pakistanis are known to be are proud of these patriotic National Symbols as they infuse a sense of pride and patriotism in every Pakistan's heart. They have been selected carefully to project the image of Pakistan at its best.

These are chosen to reflect Pakistani culture and beliefs and also the positive attributes often associated with Pakistani customs and traditions and ideals that reflect the different aspects of the cultural life and history of the country respectively.

These national symbols are mostly the national things from and relating to Pakistan of which are mentioned and listed portrayed elegantly in great detail here:

1. They exemplify the rich cultural fibre that resides at the core of the country.

2. Infuse a deep sense of pride in the hearts of Pakistani citizens.

3. Represent a quality unique to Pakistan and its citizens.

4. Popularize the object chosen.

5. Help to preserve the chosen national symbol for generations to come.

"Here is the detailed information about the National symbols of Pakistan."



Sei whale

The sei whale ("Balaenoptera borealis") is a dark-gray, stream-lined baleen whale that is found worldwide except in polar waters. It swims in small pods of 3-5 whales but larger groups may form at rich feeding grounds. It has very fine grey-black baleen that traps very small particles of food. It is a rorqual whale (a large baleen whale) that is similar to the Bryde's whales.

The Sei whale is also called the Sardine whale, the Pollack whale, the Coalfish whale, the Japan Finner, and Rudolphi's rorqual. Large numbers of these whales were hunted until recently for their oil and meat. It is the fastest of the great whales and can swim at about 23 mph (20 knots) in short bursts.

Sei whales are carnivores that filter-feed plankton (tiny crustaceans like krill, copepods, etc.) and small fish from the water.

Vithoba

Vithoba is a Hindu god worshipped mainly in the Indian states of Maharashtra and Karnataka. He is also known as Vitthala and Panduranga. He is generally considered a form of the Hindu god Vishnu or Krishna. In stone images and pictures, he is shown as a dark young boy. He stands on a brick with his hands on his waist. His wife Rukmini or Rakhumai stands with him.

Vithoba's main temple is at Pandharpur in Maharashtra. It is close to its border with Karnataka. Two Hindu sects, the Varkari sect of Maharashtra and Haridasa sect of Karnataka worship Vithoba as their main god. The Varkari poet-saints have written devotional poems called "abhanga"s in praise of god Vithoba. The abhangas are written in the language Marathi. The Haridasa poets have also written poems, devoted to Vithoba in the Kannada language. The two most important festivals associated with Vithoba are "Shayani Ekadashi" in the Hindu month of Ashadha, and "Prabodini Ekadashi" in the Hindu month of Kartik.

Breadalbane, New South Wales

Breadalbane () is a small village on the Lachlan River in New South Wales, Australia. It is near Goulburn in the Upper Lachlan Shire. This little town is also on the Hume Highway which links Sydney and Melbourne. The highway used to go through the small town but it was bypassed in the early 1990s. Breadalbane is also on the Sydney-Melbourne railway line.

Breadalbane is also near the start of the Federal Highway. This branches off the Hume Highway just south of Goulburn and goes to Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory. Canberra is the capital city of Australia where the Federal Parliament sits.

Breadalbane is a historic town. There are now only a few houses. In the past there was a hotel, service station and a railway station. These are now closed, although the old hotel and service station buildings are still there. They are now used as private houses. The railway station opened in 1875 and closed in 1974. The signal box was still used until 1979. All trace of the station has been removed, although a loading bank is still standing.

There is a memorial at the school to people from Breadalbane who fought in World War II. It has 40 names on it.

Hydrofoil

A hydrofoil is a type of boat that can lift its hull out of the water with a pair of special wings underwater. These wings are like the wings of an airplane.

When a hydrofoil moves quickly, its wings allow it to fly. When this happens the boat is said to be in "foilborne". The result of flying means less of the boat is touching the water and can make the boat have less drag which allows it to move faster (drag slows a boat down).or special pontoons when going fast keep it out of the water.


Gundaroo

Gundaroo is a small village in New South Wales, Australia. It is in the Yass Valley Shire. It is built near the Yass River. Gundaroo is about 16 kms north of Sutton and about 15 km west of the Lake George range. About 300 people live there.

The explorers Charles Throsby and Joseph Wild travelled through the Yass River valley in 1820. The Aborigines called the valley "Candariro" which means "blue crane". This name might be the meaning of the word Gundaroo. Governor Lachlan Macquarie gave the first Europen settler, Peter Cooney, 30 acres in 1825. Other farms were started quickly with about 400 people in the 1840s. The Harrow Inn (hotel) was built in 1834. A post office was built in 1848 and an Anglican church, St Lukes in Upper Gundaroo (now part of a pottery business), in 1849. The first school opened in 1850 and a Police station in 1852. When gold was discovered in the area in 1852 many more people came to the town.

Gundaroo has become a place where people who work in Canberra can live. It is a village for tourists from Canberra to visit because of its well cared for historic buildings.

Jack Adams

John James "Jack" Adams (June 14, 1895 – May 1, 1968) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player, coach and general manager in the National Hockey League and Pacific Coast Hockey Association. He was a Hall of Fame player during a 10 year professional career with Toronto, Vancouver and Ottawa. He is best known for his 36-year association with the Detroit Red Wings of the NHL as coach or general manager. He later became president of the Central Hockey League.



Almas Tower

Almas Tower is a skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It is 363 meters (1,191 feet) tall and has 68 floors. It was built in 2009 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



Emirates Office Tower

Emirates Office Tower is a skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It is 355 meters (1,163 feet) tall and has 54 floors. It was built in 2000 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.

Emirates Office Tower is next to the Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel, which is also one of the tallest buildings in the world at 309m (1,014ft).



Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel

Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel is a skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It is 309 meters (1,014 feet) tall and has 56 floors. It was built in 2000 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.

Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel is next to the Emirates Office Tower, which is also one of the tallest buildings in the world at 355m (1,163ft).



Jeremy Adduono

Jeremy Adduono (born August 4, 1978, in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger. He was drafted in the seventh round, 184th overall, by the Buffalo Sabres in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft.

Old College, University of Edinburgh

Old College is a building in Edinburgh, United Kingdom. It is part of University of Edinburgh.


Garage Inc.

Garage Inc. is a cover album by American heavy metal band Metallica, released in 1998.

It includes recorded cover versions of other artists' songs, all of their b-side covers released up to that point, and the entire "", which had gone out of print since its original release in 1987. The title is a combination of Garage Days Re-Revisited and their song Damage, Inc. Over 5 million copies have been sold in the US as certified by the RIAA.

"Professional reviews":

These tracks were recorded in September-October 1998 for the "Garage Inc." album.

These tracks are a collection of B-sides from artists Metallica were inspired by throughout the early years of the band.



Christmas 1994 nor'easter

The Christmas 1994 nor'easter was a strong cyclone along the East Coast of the United States and Atlantic Canada. It developed from an area of low pressure in the southeast Gulf of Mexico near the Florida Keys, and moved across the state of Florida.

A weather system moved towards the southeast from the central Great Plains into the Deep South of the United States. After entering the Gulf of Mexico, the weather system became a cyclone. An approaching trough pushed the system across Florida. A forecaster at the National Hurricane Center, Jack Beven, said that "as it [the storm] moved out into the Bahamas, it appeared to take on the characteristics of a tropical storm." He also noted that because of the uncertainty, the National Hurricane Center did not call the weather system a tropical cyclone.

The cyclone was said to be a "hybrid" storm. The cyclone quickly gained strength in warm waters from the Gulf Stream, and because of cold air over the United States. The system continued to become stronger while moving within the Gulf Stream. The storm developed central atmospheric convection, which is unusual for a storm of its type. Extratropical cyclone. Also, the system developed an eye, which is usually seen in tropical cyclones. Even though the cyclone showed signs of a tropical storm, forecaster Jack Beven stated: "There was no front associated with it [the storm] and it had a warm core, but the radius of maximum winds was more than 150 nautical miles [175 mi, 280 km], so under the standard NHC criteria it didn’t qualify as a tropical storm." On December 23 and 24, the nor'easter intensified to attain a barometric pressure of 970|mb. Another low pressure system that developed behind the storm became stronger, and grew to be larger in size than the original storm. Due to the Fujiwhara effect, the large circulation of the secondary low moved the original nor'easter towards the northwest. The nor'easter passed along the south shore of Long Island, and it made landfall near New York City on December 24. Later, it moved over southeastern New York State. On December 25, which is Christmas Day, the system began to lose strength as it moved towards Nova Scotia, before the pair of low pressure systems moved out to sea early on December 26.


River Wear

The Wear is a river in northeast England. It starts in Wearhead, County Durham and opens up into the North Sea at Sunderland.

Much of the River Wear shows the history of the Industrial Revolution. Its upper end runs through lead mining country, until this gives way to coal seams of the Durham coalfield for the rest of its length. As a result of limestone quarrying, lead mining and coal mining, the Wear valley was amongst the first places to see the development of railways. The Weardale Railway continues to run occasional services between Stanhope and Wolsingham.

The upland area of Upper Weardale has a flora which survives from the end of the last Ice Age. After the Ice Age, the Wear valley became thickly forested. During the Neolithic period and increasingly in the Bronze Age, the forests were progressively cleared for agriculture.


River Tees

The Tees is a river in England. It starts in Cross Fell (a mountain) in the Pennines, and opens up into the North Sea. It forms a border between North Yorkshire and County Durham and also between the towns of Hartlepool and Redcar. It is also 85 miles or 137 kilometres long. High force waterfalls is 7 feet high. The Pennines Way was opened in 1965.

Rutland Boughton

Boughton studied with Charles Villiers Stanford and Walford Davies. He wrote many different kinds of music including symphonies, concertos, part-songs, songs, chamber music and opera. His best known work was the opera "The Immortal Hour". His carol "Bethlehem" (1915) became very popular in England and in many other countries.

He was a great admirer of the composer Richard Wagner who had built his own theatre, the Bayreuth Festspielhaus, in the German town of Bayreuth. Boughton wanted to create an "English Bayreuth" at Glastonbury, so he started the series of Glastonbury Festivals that took place from 1914 until 1926. From 1927 until his death in 1960, he lived at Kilcot near Newent, Gloucestershire. 


Bayreuth Festspielhaus

The Bayreuth Festspielhaus ("Bayreuth Festival Theatre") is an opera house in the town of Bayreuth, Germany. The German opera composer Richard Wagner got the opera house built so that his own music could be performed properly. He had lots of ideas about how opera should be performed, and he thought that there was no opera house in Germany that was good enough for performances of his operas. Today it is still the place where every year there is a festival, the Bayreuth Festival, which is dedicated only to the operas of Richard Wagner.

King Ludwig II of Bavaria was a great admirer of Richard Wagner and he gave a lot of money for the opera house to be built. Wagner watched the construction all the time and made sure that everything was built in the way he wanted. Work on the building started on 22 May 1872 (Wagner's birthday), and it was ready four years later when, for the first time, all four operas which make up the cycle called "Der Ring des Nibelungen" ("The Ring of the Nibelung"), were performed.

The opera house is big enough for an audience of 1,925. One unusual thing is the orchestra pit, which is right under the stage, covered by a hood, so that the orchestra cannot be seen at all by the audience. Wagner wanted the audience to be able to concentrate properly on the action on the stage instead of being distracted by watching the orchestra. It makes it very difficult for the orchestra and the singers to be together, and conductors have to get used to the problem.

The Festspielhaus also has a double proscenium, which makes it look as if the stage is farther away than it actually is.

Kilmacolm

Kilmalcolm is a town in Inverclyde, Scotland, UK. The village has a population of around 4,000 people.

Port Glasgow

Port Glasgow is a town in Inverclyde, Scotland, UK.

Newark Castle stands very close to the shore of the Clyde. The castle dates to around 1484. It is now a visitor attraction maintained by Historic Scotland. Several acres of the Clyde foreshore at Parklea are owned by the National Trust for Scotland. Coronation Park is in the town centre. The park was opened on the site of the West Harbour in 1937 to celebrate the coronation of King George VI.

Largs

Largs is a town in North Ayrshire, Scotland, UK. It is about from Glasgow. The original name means "the slopes" ("An Leargaidh") in Scottish Gaelic. 

Dunoon

Dunoon is a town in Argyll and Bute, Scotland, UK.

Falkland, Fife

Falkland is a town in Fife, Scotland, UK.

Falkland Palace is in the town. James IV started building it in 1500. It is the best example of French-influenced Renaissance architecture in the United Kingdom. Mary, Queen of Scots came to visit often.

A fire happened when Oliver Cromwell's troops stayed in the palace. The fire in 1654 destroyed the East Range. The Court never came back to Falkland Palace after 1665. In the late 19th century rebuilding and restoration work began. Today the palace and gardens are open to the public through the National Trust for Scotland.

Saving Abel

Saving Abel is an American rock band. It formed in 2004 in Mississippi. Saving Abel makes records for Virgin Records. The band made a studio album in 2006 called "Saving Abel" and released a later self-titled album ("Saving Abel"). The rock band is famous for two songs, Addicted and 18 Days. 





Carl Reinecke

Carl Reinecke (born Altona, Hamburg 23 June 1824; died Leipzig, 10 March 1910) was a Danish-born composer, conductor, and pianist.

Reinecke was born near Hamburg, which was part of Denmark at the time. Carl learned music from his father. He was soon playing the piano in public and was composing by the age of twelve.

When he was 19 he travelled about giving concerts. He went as far east as Riga. In 1846 he became Court Pianist for King Christian VIII in Copenhagen. He stayed there until 1848, composing four piano concertos as well as concertos for violin, cello, harp and flute. He continued to travel, including to Leipzig where he met Schumann, Mendelssohn and Liszt. 

In 1851 he became a professor at the Cologne Conservatory. Later he had conducting jobs in Barmen and Breslau.

In 1860, Reinecke was made director of the famous Gewandhaus Orchestra concerts in Leipzig, and professor of composition and piano at the Conservatorium. He became director of the Conservatorium and made it one of the best in Europe. He conducted the Gewandhaus Orchestra for 35 years and raised the standard of their playing. He conducted many first performances, including the first complete performance of Brahms's "German Requiem" (1869).

Perhaps his best-known piece is the flute sonata "Undine". He taught many famous musicians, including Edvard Grieg, Christian Sinding, Leoš Janáček, Isaac Albéniz, Johan Svendsen, Felix Weingartner and Max Bruch. 

At the age of 80, Reinecke recorded his playing on piano roll, making him the earliest-born pianist to have his playing recorded in any way.

He retired in 1902, but continued to compose until the end of his life. 

Saving Abel (2008 album)

On March 11, 2008, the rock band Saving Abel released their hit studio album called Saving Abel (the second self-titled album). A song in this particular album is featured on Saving Abel's previous studio album called "18 Days". There are two major singles on this album called "Addicted" and "18 Days". The album has 11 studio tracks on it, and 2 original B-Sides. The album was produced by producer Skidd Mills. The album's songs have some of the songs featured on it from the previous self-titled studio album like "18 Days", "Drowning (Face Down)", "Running Away from You", and "Beautiful You".



18 Days

"18 Days" is the second single off the 2008 album by Saving Abel called "Saving Abel". The song is also on the previous self-titled album by Saving Abel. The song was released in late 2008 when it took major airplay.

"18 Days" by Saving Abel reached 14 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Modern Rock Tracks. The single also peaked at #8 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks.

Dagenham

Dagenham is an area of London, United Kingdom. It has been a part of Greater London since 1965. There are mostly places for people to live and few businesses.

Grays

Grays is a town in Essex, England, UK. It is sometimes called Grays Thurrock. 

The town is about 20 miles (32 km) to the east of London. It is on the north bank of the River Thames, and near the M25 motorway.
Another Grays is a hamlet within the civil parish of Chislet, near Canterbury, Kent. It is to the south of the A299 road and on the North Stream, a tributary of the River Wantsum. The hamlet has a small collection of houses (Little Grays) and the moated Grays Farm. On the A299 is the large public house named the Roman Galley.

Carcoar, New South Wales

Carcoar is a town in New South Wales, Australia. It is in the Blayney Shire. In 2006, 218 people lived in Carcoar. It next to the Mid-Western Highway, west of Sydney and south west of Bathurst. It is above sea-level. Carcoar is in a small green valley, with the town on both sides of the Belubula River.

Carcoar was once one of the most important government centres in Western New South Wales. The town has been classified by the National Trust. This is because it has a lot of buildings from the 1800s. Carcoar is a Aboriginal word from the Gundungura people meaning either "frog" or "kookaburra".

Nearby towns are Blayney, Millthorpe, Mandurama, Neville, Lyndhurst and Barry.

The first people to live in the area were the Gundungura people. The first Europen to travel through the area was surveyor George Evans. He came from Bathurst in 1815 and set up his camp on Coombing Creek.

The first settlers arrived in 1821. The first official land grant, 560 acres (2.3 km²), was given to Thomas Icely on 26 May 1829. He named his farm "Coombing Park". In 1838 Thomas Icely asked that a village be started to supply items for his big farm. On 29 September 1839 Carcoar became the third town west of the Blue Mountains.

The first land for houses in the town were sold in 1840. By 1850 Carcoar was the second biggest town west of the mountains. It was second in size to Bathurst. It became a banking and government centre for the area. In 1857 the town's public school opened. It is one of the oldest schools in Australia.

When gold was found in the west in the 1860s, Carcoar became less important. The government began building a number of important buildings in the late 1870s. At this time, "Coombing Park" was supplying iron ore to the Lithgow steelworks.

Because the town is at the bottom of a steep valley it wasn't suitable for the railway. The railway line went to Blayney north west in 1874. By the early 1880s many people had left the town. Carcoar was joined to the railway line in 1888 when the Blayney-Demondrille Line.

In the 1980s train services were stopped between Cowra and Blayney. This included included Carcoar. This section was re-opened by the Lachlan Valley Railway. The LVR run tourist trains, mainly from Cowra to Blayney and Canowindra. They have now moved into general freight haulage.

Carcoar's was often visited by escaped convicts and bushrangers. They came into the town and robbed many times.

In one robbery, German Charley tried to stop Mickey Bourke from stealing a racehorse from the "Coombing Park" stables. He was shot dead by Bourke. Another bushranger, Curran was captured by the local police. The government sent extra police and a magistrate to the town. Frank Gardiner was working in the area after six years gaol for stealing horses. He gave up farm work and started stealing cattle.

In 1863 Johnny Gilbert and John O'Meally tried to rob the Commercial Bank. This may be Australia's first daylight bank robbery. Both bushrangers ran away when a bank worker fired a shot into the ceiling of the bank.

The Presbyterian Reverend James Adam was held up by Ben Hall. Hall liked the Adam and didn't rob him.

The town has been used as a location for many movie and television productions. They include:

Gravesend

Gravesend is a town in Kent, England, UK. It is on the bank of the river Thames. One of the most famous landmarks in Gravesend is the Clock Tower, a scaled replica of Elizabeth Tower, the tower that houses Big Ben in the Palace of Westminster. 

Gemma Arterton was born and raised in Gravesend. Some people say Pocahontas is buried there, however there is no of this.

Bach Choir

The Bach Choir is a world-famous amateur choir based in London. They sing the music of many composers, not just Johann Sebastian Bach.

The Bach Choir gave its first concert on 26 April 1876 with a performance of Bach’s "Mass in B minor". At this time more and more people in England were becoming interested in the music of Bach, but the "Mass in B minor" had never been performed in England. The conductor Otto Goldschmidt conducted the concert, and afterwards the Choir's committee decided to make The Bach Choir a permanent choir. Otto Goldschmidt was appointed as the Musical Director.

In those days all choir members came from rich families (the upper classes). New members had to pass an audition, but they also had to be “proposed” (recommended) by existing members and accepted by the committee. Queen Victoria became Patron of the choir in 1879. The Choir sang music by lots of different composers as well as Bach’s motets, church music and the "Mass in B minor". 

Goldschmidt resigned in 1885 and Charles Villiers Stanford became conductor. Stanford had already become well known as organist of Trinity College, Cambridge and conductor of the Cambridge University Musical Society. He widened the repertoire of the Choir, and the concerts also included works for orchestra. Hubert Parry composed his popular anthem "Blest Pair of Sirens" for the choir to sing at the Golden Jubilee of the Queen in 1887. The Jubilee concert also included the first London performance of Berlioz's "Te Deum", a work dedicated to the late Prince Consort. 

Towards the end of the nineteenth century changes were made, including regular auditions for existing choir members, and stopping the requirement for new members to be proposed. Henry Walford Davies became the conductor. He improved the choir which was then taken over by Hugh Allen in 1908. 

Hugh Allen found himself conducting a choir which included the young Ralph Vaughan Williams, who had joined in 1903 and Adrian Boult, who joined around 1914. Allen was strict, but good, and during his time as conductor the Choir gave many important first London performances including Vaughan Williams' "Toward the Unknown Region" and "A Sea Symphony" and Parry's "Songs of Farewell". 

When Allen resigned in 1921 his place was taken by Ralph Vaughan Williams who had by then become a famous composer. He had a gentler approach than Allen. He stayed until 1928 when he left to be able to work more on composition. In his place the Choir appointed Gustav Holst, but he became ill and was never able to take up his post. Instead, Adrian Boult took over for three years. During his time it became tradition to perform Bach’s "St Matthew Passion" every year. This tradition continues today.

Boult was replaced by Reginald Jacques (pronounced: “Jakes”), who had been a pupil of Hugh Allen at Oxford. Jacques stayed until 1960. He managed to keep the Choir going through World War II, and the annual Carol Concerts became part of their tradition. They made a recording of the "St Matthew Passion" which filled 42 sides of the old 78 rpm. gramophone records.

Jacques was followed by David Willcocks who led the Choir almost to the end of the century. He broadened the Choir’s repertoire, and they gave the first London concert hall performance of Britten's War Requiem, conducted by Britten himself, with Galina Vishnevskaya, Peter Pears and Tom Krause (who replaced Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau at the last minute) as soloists. The Choir then recorded the work and this recording sold more than 200,000 copies in the first five months. Willcocks took the Choir on tours to many parts of the world. His last performance was in 1998.

Today the Choir is conducted by David Hill. As well as spending much of his time with The Bach Choir, he is also conductor of the BBC Singers. The choir continues to do new things, such as giving world premieres of new music, as well as keeping up the tradition of performing the "St Matthew Passion" every spring at the Royal Festival Hall. 

Basil Keen: "The Bach Choir - The First Hundred Years" (Ashgate)


Oban

Oban is a town in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.uk 

Argyll and Bute

Argyll and Bute is a council area of Scotland, UK, is one of 32 unitary authority council areas in Scotland and a lieutenancy area. The administrative centre for the council area is in Lochgilphead.

Argyll and Bute covers the second-largest administrative area of any Scottish council. The council area adjoins those of Highland, Perth and Kinross, Stirling and West Dunbartonshire. Its border runs through Loch Lomond.

The present council area was created in 1996, when it was carved out of the Strathclyde region, which was a two-tier local government region of 19 districts, created in 1975. Argyll and Bute merged the existing Argyll and Bute district and one ward of the Dumbarton district. The Dumbarton ward, called 'Helensburgh and Lomond', included the burgh of Helensburgh and consisted of an area to the west of Loch Lomond, north of the Firth of Clyde and mostly east of Loch Long. 

Halesowen

Halesowen is a town in West Midlands of England. Historically, it is part of Worcestershire. The population of the town in the 2001 census was 55,273.

The centre of Halesowen has a Norman church, St John's Church. It was built in 1083 on the site of an Anglo-Saxon church. It was founded by Earl Rodger de Montgomery. The building of the spire at St John's Church started at the end of the 1st century and is shows evidence of Norman origin even though there have been many alterations to it.

The King of Fighters

The King of Fighters is a fighting game released by SNK for the Neo Geo arcade and home consoles. It is the first game of "The King of Fighters" series, done by the same company.

The game is a fictional crossover with many characters from SNK's previous fighting games, "Fatal Fury" and "Art of Fighting". There are even modernized versions of their pre-Neo Geo games: "Ikari Warriors" and "Psycho Soldier". There are also original characters in this series.

The game was converted for Neo Geo AES and Neo Geo CD after the releases for Arcade. In 2004, to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the series, SNK released a remake titled "The King of Fighters '94 Rebout", featuring the original game and a newer version with high definition graphics.

102 Dalmatians

102 Dalmatians (known as "102" in Japan) is a 2000 live-action movie produced by The Walt Disney Company with Glenn Close acting as the protagonist, Cruella de Vil. It is a sequel to the 1996 movie "101 Dalmatians", which was a live-action remake of the 1961 Disney animated movie "101 Dalmatians". In the movie, Cruella de Vil attempts to steal puppies for her making a fur coat. Glenn Close and Tim McInnerny were the only actors from "101 Dalmatians" to return for this sequel. The film was released on VHS and DVD on April 3, 2001, and re-released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on September 16, 2008.

After a spot of therapy Cruella De Vil is released from prison a changed woman. Devoted to dogs and good causes, she is delighted that Chloe, her parole officer, has a dalmatian family and connections with a dog charity. But the sound of Big Ben can reverse the treatment so it is only a matter of time before Ms De Vil is back to her incredibly ghastly ways, using her new-found connections with Chloe and friends.

The movie did well at the box office, earning $66,957,026 in the US and $116,654,745 in other countries, bringing its total to $183,611,771 worldwide. This is less than the first movie which earned $320,689,294 worldwide.


A video game was released, with Frankie Muniz as the voice of Domino.


102 Dalmatians: Puppies to the Rescue

102 Dalmatians: Puppies to the Rescue is a video game based on the live-action Disney movie "102 Dalmatians". It was made for the Sony PlayStation.


The game itself does not follow the movie's storyline. The player can choose the role of two of the dalmatians, Oddball or Domino, who are out on the town looking for treasure. It's not long before the player realizes that a toy found buried in a park was made at one of Cruella de Vil's toy factories; the fact that her toys are being buried rather than being played with is making mean Cruella very upset. Facing financial ruin from lack of sales, Cruella sets an evil plan in motion - to reprogram her toys to capture any Dalmatian puppies in sight. Soon enough, Domino and Oddball are out on their biggest adventure yet - to save their brothers and sisters. The player needs to save their brothers and sisters, collect 100 bones and stop Cruella's henchmen. Player's health can be increased by picking up food. The player fights Cruella a few times, then off to the Toy Factory where Cruella is waiting for them. The game includes several challenging levels, from the sewers to the circus. The player befriends many other characters that help them along the way. At times the player has to take a challenge to fight Cruella in certain levels as well as other enemies such as Jasper or Horace.

-You find Jasper in this level.
-Horace is found in this level.
1. Cruella I
-Defeat Cruella to unlock the mini game "Tilt Maze".
-Le Pelt will be found inside the Pyramid in the Egyptian exhibit.
-Jasper will be found here. When you find the dunk tank after talking to the turtle Shelby, he will appear.
2. Cruella II
-Defeat Cruella to unlock the mini game "Checkers".
-Horace will show up near Stonehenge.
-Jasper shows up for the 3rd time in this level.
3. Cruella III
-Defeat Cruella and you will unlock the mini game "Ice Race".
-Le Pelt shows up again in this level.
-Horace appears in this level.
4. Cruella IV
-Defeat Cruella and you will win the game as well as unlocking the mini game "Jam Dance."


Cruella de Vil

Cruella De Vil (obviously a play on "cruel" and "devil") is the villain in the Dodie Smith book The Hundred and One Dalmatians who kidnaps (dognaps) the puppies for their fur. She is described as having one half of her hair white and the other half black, an extreme fondness for pepper and a preference for elevated temperatures.

In the 1961 Disney animated movie her voice was played by Betty Lou Gerson. The movie featured a song about her sung by Roger whose lyrics begin:

Later, in the 1996 live-action remake, and its 2000 sequel, "102 Dalmatians", she was played by Glenn Close. In the 2021 Disney movie "Cruella", the character is played by American actress Emma Stone. Shortly afterward, Cruella was a regular viallian in "", where she was voiced by April Winchell. This time, though, she wanted to steal the Dearly Farm, seeing how killing animals for fashion was deemed politically incorrect. However, she returned to hunting dogs in "House of Mouse" (which features an ongoing joke in which she inspects dogs from other Disney movies with a measuring ruler) and "", both of which had Susanne Blakeslee as her voice.

101 Dalmatians (1996 movie)

101 Dalmatians is a movie made by The Walt Disney Company in 1996. It is a remake of the 1961 animated movie "101 Dalmatians" (which was based on Dodie Smith's 1956 novel "The 00 and 1 Dalmatians"). The movie's main actor is Glenn Close as Cruella de Vil. Unlike in the earlier versions of the story, the dalmatians are played by real dalmatian actors, and none of the dalmatians talk. A sequel, "102 Dalmatians", was made in 2000 and was released in November. This movie is called simply "101" in Japan, like its sequel, which is called "102".


"101 Dalmatians" was released on VHS on April 15, 1997 and as a DVD on December 12, 2000. Because many people bought the DVD, Disney re-released the film on September 16, 2008 in the United States.

The movie made lots of money when it was in movie theatres, earning $136,189,294 in the United States and $184,500,000 in other places, bringing its worldwide total to $320,689,294.


African wildcat

The African wildcats ("Felis silvestris lybica") are small, fierce cats that live in forests, grasslands, and brush lands in Africa and the Middle East. They are the closest living relatives of the domestic cat.

It is a wildcat subspecies which occurs across northern Africa and extends around the edges of the Arabian Peninsula to the Caspian Sea. It is the most common and widely distributed wild cat, and is listed as "Least Concern" by IUCN since 2002.

The African wildcat appears to have diverged from the other subspecies about 131,000 years ago. Some individual African wildcats were first domesticated about 10,000 years ago in the Middle East, and are the ancestors of the domestic cat. Remains of domesticated cats were found in human burials in Cyprus, done by Neolithic farmers about 9,500 years ago. Hybrids between domestic cats and African wildcats are still common today.

African wildcats are generally crepuscular, hunting at dawn and dusk. They are diurnal (most active during the day) during very cold weather. They are very good climbers. African Wildcats live for 12 to 15 years. They are about 50 percent larger than domesticated (tame) cats.

African wildcats are carnivores, like all cats. These fast, solitary hunters eat small to medium-sized mammals, birds, reptiles, frogs, invertebrates, and eggs.

Gale

A gale is a very strong wind. The Beaufort scale is a way to measure weather conditions. It is based on observations. The first level of the scale that uses the word gale is 7 beaufort (of a total of 13 steps). There are other definitions as well. The U.S. Government's National Weather Service defines a gale as 34 to 47 knots (63 km/h to 87 km/h or 39 miles per hour to 54 miles per hour) of sustained surface winds. Forecasters usually issue gale warnings when they think there will be winds of this strength.

Other sources use speeds as low as and as high as . The definition is rare. A common alternative definition of the maximum is .


Marin Marais

Marin Marais (31 May 1656, Paris – 15 August 1728, Paris) was a French composer and viol player. He is regarded as one of the great French musicians of the Baroque.

Marais, the son of a poor shoe maker, was educated in a choir school were he was taught to play the viol. He then learnt from Monsieur de Sainte-Colombe, a famous bass viol player. In six months he was said to be better than his teacher. In 1675, aged 19, he joined the orchestra of the Paris Opera. This was where he met Jean-Baptiste Lully, who was the director of the Opera. Lully taught him to compose music. Marais often conducted the operas Lully had written.

Marais was hired as a musician in 1676 to play at the royal court of Versailles. He did quite well as court musician. In 1679 he was appointed "ordinaire de la chambre du roy pour la viole", a title he kept until 1725.

He was a master of the basse de viol. He wrote a lot of music for that instrument, he was the most important French composer for it. He wrote five books of "Pièces de viole" (1686-1725). Most of the pieces in the book are suites with basso continuo. These were quite popular in the court, and for these he was remembered in later years as he who "founded and firmly established the empire of the viol" (Hubert Le Blanc, 1740). His other works include a book of "Pièces en trio" (1692) and four operas (1693-1709). "Alcyone" (1706) is well known for its storm scene. Marais became the conductor of the Paris Opera in 1706, but after the failure of his 1709 opera, "Sémélé" he gradually withdrew from public life. He married Catherine d'Amicourt, on 21 September 1676. They had 19 children together. Two of the children, Vincent Marais and Roland Marais also became famous musicians, as well as his grandson, Nicolas Marais.

Titon du Tillet wrote about Marais in his book "Le Parnasse françois". He describes a piece from Marais' fourth book called "The Labyrinth", which goes through lots of keys. The notes which are often dissonant, sometimes fast, sometimes slow, describe a man caught in a labyrinth. Eventually the man comes out of it happily and the music finishes with a gracious and natural chaconne. Another piece called "La Gamme" [The Scale], very gradually goes up the steps of the octave and then down again.

Facsimiles of all five books of Marais' "Pièces de viole" are published by Éditions J.M. Fuzeau. A complete critical edition of his instrumental works in seven volumes, edited by John Hsu, is published by Broude Brothers.

Marais and his music were featured in the movie "Tous les matins du monde" (1991). The movie shows a detailed, imagined life of Monsieur de Sainte-Colombe. Marais' music is heard a lot, including his longer work "Sonnerie de Ste-Geneviève du Mont-de-Paris" (1723). A recording of the Sonnerie performed on a Fairlight synthesizer was used in the cult classic film "Liquid Sky".

Camberley

Camberley is a town in Surrey, England, UK. It is close to the border with Hampshire.

Petersfield, Hampshire

Petersfield is a town in Hampshire, England, UK. It is close to the border with West Sussex. Petersfield is a historic market town in the South Downs National Park. There is a market held in the town square every Wednesday and Saturday, with a monthly farmers market on a Sunday. The town was started at the end of the 11th century by the Normans. The Church of St.Peter was built in 1120.

Waterlooville

Waterlooville is a town in Hampshire, England, UK. It is not far from Portsmouth.

Havant

Havant is a town in Hampshire, England, UK. It is between the cities of Portsmouth and Chichester. Havant is a very old town but it is still in perfect shape.

Steyning

Steyning is a town in West Sussex, England, UK. It is west of the smaller villages of Bramber and Upper Beeding. It is not far north from Lancing and Shoreham-by-Sea on the South Coast. Steyning has a high street with many shops, ranging from the Co-op to Sussex Produce. There is a primary school, secondary school and a sixth form. There is a bed and breakfast hotel called, Springwells.

Lancing, West Sussex

Lancing has a really big library Lancing has a short station

West Sussex, England, UK. It is to the south-east of Sompting and to the south-west of Shoreham-by-Sea. There is a private

school called Lancing College here.

Bognor Regis

Bognor Regis is a town in Arun, West Sussex, England, UK. In 2001 there were 22,555 people living in Bognor Regis.

It has a beach, where Butlins is situated. 

Burgess Hill

Burgess Hill is a town in West Sussex, England, UK. It is not far from the border with East Sussex. It is 38 miles (62 km) south of London, 10 miles (16 km) north of Brighton and Hove, and 29 miles (47 km) east-northeast of the county town of Chichester. It had a population of 28,803 at the time of the 2001 Census. Other nearby towns include Haywards Heath to the north and Lewes, the county town of East Sussex, to the east.

Burgess Hill is mainly situated just on the West Sussex side of the border dividing the two counties. Parts of the town are across the county boundary in East Sussex.

Although a Roman road was built joining London to the South coast and passing through what is now Burgess Hill, there is no evidence that the Romans settled in the area.

From the fourteenth century or earlier the annual Midsummer Fair was held on this common land on 24th June and the last such sheep and lamb fair was held in 1913.

With the development of the London to Brighton mainline railway, however, those in the business soon realised that taking sheep by train was much cheaper and easier than using the old roadways. Most of the animal trading business began to revolve around rail side markets such as those at Hassocks, Haywards Heath and Lewes train stations. By the start of the 20th century, the animal trading business had all but left the Burgess Hill area.

By the early seventeenth century there was a lot of small brick and tile making companies and during this time pieces of common land were given for house building and small businesses. By the early eighteenth century brick making had been extended and four shops and one or two drinking houses were established on the common. Brickmaking by hand still happened until very recently, by Keymer Tiles (formerly the Keymer Brick and Tile company) whose tiles can be found in buildings such as St. James Church, Piccadilly and Manchester Central Station (now G-Mex).
The growth of Brighton in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries brought in professional people looking for places to live. Between 1850 and 1880 the area changed from a small rural settlement to a town of 4,500 residents.

In 1897 the Victoria Pleasure Gardens were opened by local household name Edwin Street, a well-known farmer and butcher. The gardens were opened in honour of Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee, and contained a large lake, and what can only be described as a small early version of a roller coaster, known as a switchback . The lake was used for boating in the summer, and skating in the winter. The frozen lake was always tested by Mr Street, a man of 23 stone, before being used in the winter. This area is now the Victoria Business Park.

The town gradually grew bigger, having its largest population increase between the years of 1951 and 1961, when the population of about 7,000 residents almost doubled. This earned Burgess Hill the title of fastest growing town in the south-east. By 1956, the Victoria Industrial Estate was completed, and has since expanded. It now contains the local headquarters of two large international companies. In 1986 a smaller industrial estate to in the north of the town developed, known as Sheddingdean Industrial Estate. Both Sheddingdean and Victoria have now been renamed as business parks.

Housing estates played their part in building up the population of Burgess Hill throughout the second half of the 20th century; in the west of the town they provided a wide mix of new residents; many of them young families and the Folders Lane estate more families settled, along with some richer residents.

The next substantial development was Priory Village in the south west of Burgess Hill, sometimes known as the Tesco estate, due to its proximity to the supermarket. Again, this brought in a mix of incomes, again, many of them young families.

It must be noted that as well as the aforementioned developments, there have been two council estates built in the town - one close to Cants Lane, in the town's north east, and the area around Denham Road in the west, both of course adding to the ever rising population of the town.

Although now part of the town, World's End, to the north of the town, was originally a separate community. It still retains its own shops and community association, and is served by Wivelsfield railway station.

Burgess Hill has a Conservative member of parliament.

There are ten schools for children aged up to 11 years and four schools for children aged 11–16/18.

There are a total of 9 churches and a Christian centre in Burgess Hill.

Burgess Hill is also home to the Mid Sussex Christian Centre.

In the town centre there is a large park (St. John's), and many other smaller recreation grounds around the town. There is a substantial leisure centre on the northern edge of Burgess Hill named the Triangle.

Burgess Hill Town Football Club plays football (soccer)and plays its home games at Leylands Park. Burgess Hill Rugby Football Club, or The Sussex All Blacks, are the local Rugby Football club.

There is also a Squash Club that plays at the Triangle Leisure Centre every Saturday and Monday, and has a team that plays in the East Sussex County League.

There is also a Running Club that meet at the Burgess Hill School for Girls every Wednesday evening. Members compete in local and national charity and fun races.

The Skate Park in the centre of town provides sporting opportunities, and holds an annual competition.

The Triangle (or Olympos Burgess Hill as it has been rechristened) is one of the venues in the South East supporting the London 2012 Olympic Games, and will serve as a base and training centre for teams from around the globe.

Burgess Hill's twin towns are:

A square in Schmallenberg has been named Burgess Hill Platz.


Westhampnett

Westhampnett (sometimes known as Goodwood) is a village in West Sussex, England, UK. It is not far from Chichester. It is where Rolls-Royce Motor Cars is based. They also have a plant there.

Haywards Heath

Haywards Heath is a town in West Sussex, England, UK. It is not far from the border with East Sussex.

Lewes

Lewes (pronounced "Lewis") is a town in East Sussex, England, UK. A battle was fought there in 1264.

Lewes has lots of restaurants, cafés, pubs, hotels, jobs, and lots more. This attracts lots of people to visit the Town in East Sussex.

Lewes has the most historical features of all of Sussex. In 2001 it had the population of 15,988 and it is still growing.

It had its own battle called Battle Of Lewes in 1264, during the reign of Henry III.

Uckfield

Uckfield is a town in Wealden, East Sussex, England, UK. It is on the River Uck. In 2001 there were 13,697 people living in Uckfield.

Bexhill-on-Sea

Bexhill-on-Sea is a seaside town in East Sussex, England, UK. It is between Eastbourne and Hastings. It is home to St. Richard's Catholic College. 

Royal Tunbridge Wells

Royal Tunbridge Wells is a town in Kent, England, UK. It is not far from the border with East Sussex. It should not be confused with Tonbridge, a smaller town to the north.

Folkestone

Folkestone is a seaside town in Kent, England, United Kingdom. It has a Eurostar train terminal near it, in Ashford. But the channel tunnel is in Folkestone. It is has a pebble beach and sandy beach and there are cliffs.

Lundy

Lundy is an island off the coast of Devon, England, UK. It has a very small population. In the 1930s the owner sold stamps and coins as if Lundy was an independent country. You can hire cottages on this island to stay in for a week or so. You can get to Lundy by helicopter or a ferry in the summer.

Westward Ho!

Westward Ho! is a village on the north coast of Devon, England, UK. It is the only place in the British Isles to have an exclamation mark (!) in its name. The name comes from the novel of the same name by Charles Kingsley.

Another example of a place name with a exclamation mark in its name is Saint-Louis-du-Ha! Ha!, Quebec (Canada). But these are colloquial, unlike Westward Ho!'s.

Bude

Bude is a coastal town in Cornwall, England, UK. It is at the mouth of the River Neet. Bude is surrounded by beautiful beaches such as Summerleaze Beach, Widemouth Bay, Crooklets Beach and Blackrock Beach. The River Neet runs through the town. Bude is a very popular location for tourists especially in the summer. The Bude Canal is a disused canal.

Padstow

Padstow is a small town in Cornwall, England, UK. It is at the mouth of the River Camel. It is a fishing port and is well known for the 'Obby 'Oss (hobby horse) ceremony which is celebrated on May Day every year. A ferry connects Padstow with the village of Rock on the opposite side of the Camel estuary.

Pima County, Arizona

Pima County is one of the 15 counties in the US state of Arizona.

The county seat is Tucson which has the second most people in the state.

Aviemore

Aviemore (; meaning "The big [mountain] face") is a town in Highlands of Scotland, UK. It is also a tourist area.

Aviemore has an oceanic climate (Köppen: "Cfb"). It has cool temperatures and rainfall throughout the year. The highest temperature ever was on 28 June 2018.

Swansea

Swansea (Welsh: Abertawe), officially the City and County of Swansea (Welsh: Dinas a Sir Abertawe), is a city and county in Wales. It is Wales' second largest city and the largest is Cardiff. It is in the country's south coast. It has a temperate oceanic climate, with the most rain of any city in the United Kingdom. The city has a population of around 240,000. 

Swansea was built in the early 12th century by the Normans. A castle was built here and a town started to form around it.

John Ireland

John Ireland (born near Manchester, 13 August 1879; died Washington, Sussex, 12 June 1962) was an English composer. He is particularly remembered for his "Piano Concerto" and for his church music, especially the anthem "Greater love hath no man", the song "The Holy Boy" and the hymn tune to "My song is love unknown". He had an unhappy childhood, and he always felt unsure of himself and rather lonely.

John Ireland was born in Bowdon, Greater Manchester. His father, who was 70 years old, was a publisher who owned a newspaper. He had married for a second time after his wife had died, and John was the youngest of five children from the second marriage. His mother was 30 years younger than her husband. When John was 14 his mother died, and his father died the next year.
John Ireland studied piano and organ at the Royal College of Music. Later he also had composition lessons from Charles Villiers Stanford. He later became a teacher at the College himself. His pupils included the composers Alan Bush and
Geoffrey Bush (who were not related), Ernest Moeran and Benjamin Britten. Geoffrey Bush later helped to prepare a lot of Ireland’s works for publication. Ireland mostly made his living as an organist and choirmaster.

Ireland enjoyed going to the Channel Islands. He liked the landscapes there. He was evacuated from them just before the German invasion during World War II.

John Ireland married once, but his marriage only lasted a few months.

On 10 September 1949, his 70th birthday was celebrated in a special Prom concert. The soloist in the "Piano Concerto" was the pianist Eileen Joyce, who later made the first gramophone recording of the concerto.
Ireland retired in 1953. He moved to a tiny village in Sussex, where he lived in an old windmill which had been changed into a home.

He died aged 82 in Washington, Sussex of heart failure.

John Ireland was never much influenced by folksong like many other English composers of his time. His music is more related to Impressionism. He liked the music of French composers such as Debussy and Ravel as well as Igor Stravinsky and Bartók. His "Piano Concerto" is one of his best works. It shows that he developed his own personal style of harmony. Most of his other good works are short pieces, including many for piano solo. His best-known piece is the song "The Holy Boy". It is heard in many different arrangements. His songs to poems by A. E. Housman, Thomas Hardy, Christina Rossetti, John Masefield, Rupert Brooke and others, are among some of the best English art songs.. He also wrote hymns, carols, and other sacred choral music; among choirs he is probably best known for the anthem "Greater love hath no man", often sung in services that remember the victims of war. Another choral work, "These things shall be" expresses his deepest hopes for mankind, although in his last years he said that he hated the work.



Bathgate

Bathgate is a town in West Lothian, Scotland, 5 miles (8 km) west of Livingston and adjacent to the M8 motorway. Nearby towns are Armadale, Blackburn, Linlithgow, Livingston, West Calder and Whitburn. Situated 2 miles (3 km) south of the ancient Neolithic burial site at Cairnpapple Hill, Bathgate and the surrounding area show signs of habitation since about 3500 BC.

Joint Typhoon Warning Center

The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) is a joint United States Navy – United States Air Force task force. It is at the Naval Maritime Forecast Center in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.

Dwarf elephant

Dwarf elephants are prehistoric elephants which lived in the Pleistocene period. They are an example of island dwarfism.

Fossil remains of dwarf elephants have been found on the Mediterranean islands of Cyprus, Malta, Crete, Sicily, Sardinia, the Cyclades Islands and Dodecanese islands. Other islands where dwarf elephants have been found are Sulawesi, Flores, Timor and other islands of the Lesser Sundas and the Channel Islands of California.

They are considered to be one of the only elephant of the Mediterranean islands belonging to the mammoth line.

Kwajalein Atoll

Kwajaein (; Marshallese: ) is part of the Republic of the Marshall Islands (RMI). It is one of the world's largest coral atolls as measured by area of enclosed water.

Bo'ness

Bo'ness (short for Borrowstouness) is a town in the Falkirk council area of Scotland, UK. Bo'ness is well known for its iron. Even if Bo'ness is the form of name it's known for and being used on road signs, its original name Borrowstounness. 

The usage of the name dates back to the early 1400s when the Burgh of Linlithgow built a harbour on a broad promontory (or "ness"). The "burgh's town on the ness" then became Borrowstounness. It eventually became known as Bo'ness.


Davey Boy Smith Jr.

Harry Smith (born August 2, 1985) is a Canadian professional wrestler of English descent who currently works for New Japan Pro Wrestling under the name Davey Boy Smith, Jr..

He also worked for World Wrestling Entertainment. He wrestled on the ECW brand using the name David Hart Smith, as a member of The Hart Dynasty, alongside Tyson Kidd and Natalya.

He has wrestled on its Raw brand and in Florida Championship Wrestling under the name DH Smith ("D" for Davey Boy Smith, and "H" for the Hart family). On August 5, 2011, WWE released him from his wrestling contract. He currently holds the PWA World Heavyweight title.

His grandfather is Stu Hart who was a wrestling promoter. His father was Davey Boy Smith. His first public wrestling match was at age 10. He started wrestling professionally on February 22, 2002 at age 16 and has been continuing since then.



Entrance music

Kilwinning

Kilwinning is a town in North Ayrshire, Scotland, UK. It is known as The Crossroads of Ayrshire.

Lasswade

Lasswade is a town in Midlothian, Scotland, UK. It is between Loanhead and Dalkeith. It merged (joined) with Bonnyrigg in 1929.

West Lothian

West Lothian is a council area in Scotland, United Kingdom. The county town is Livingston. Susan Boyle is from here.

The term "West Lothian question" was coined by Enoch Powell MP in 1977 after Tam Dalyell, the Labour MP for the Scottish constituency of West Lothian, raised the matter repeatedly in House of Commons debates on devolution.

Midlothian

Midlothian is the names of two areas in Scotland, UK:


The county of Midlothian includes the City of Edinburgh. Edinburgh is a council area on its own and so the council area of Midlothian is the area of the county with Edinburgh and some hills in the south cut off.

East Lothian

East Lothian is a council area in Scotland, UK.

The administrative centre is Haddington. The largest town is Musselburgh.


Falkirk Council

The Falkirk council area is one of 32 council areas of Scotland. It was formed on 1 April 1996.

Frank Bridge

Frank Bridge (born Brighton, 26 February 1879; died Eastbourne, 10 January 1941) was an English composer, violist and conductor. His music often sounded quite modern to the people of his day. He wrote many excellent works including chamber music as well as orchestral music. One of his composition pupils was Benjamin Britten. Later Britten remembered his teacher by using one of Bridge’s tunes and making them into a piece of music called "Variations on a Theme of Frank Bridge".

Bridge was born in Brighton and studied at the Royal College of Music in London from 1899 to 1903. One of his teachers was Charles Villiers Stanford. He played the viola in several string quartets and conducted many orchestras. He learned difficult music very quickly, and sometimes Henry Wood asked him to take his place when he was not well enough to conduct himself. After a while he spent most of his time composing. He privately taught several pupils, including Benjamin Britten, who later helped to make his teacher's music better known and honoured him in his "Variations on a Theme of Frank Bridge" for string orchestra (1937), based on a theme from the second of Bridge's "Three Idylls for String Quartet" (1906). 

Bridge died in Eastbourne.

Bridge’s early works show the influence of Johannes Brahms and Charles Villiers Stanford. He wrote some excellent chamber music and songs. The "Phantasie Quartet" and the "String Quartet no 1" show his talent. His later pieces such as the third (1926) and fourth (1937) string quartets have quite complicated harmonies and show his interest in the music of Schoenberg as well as the harmonies of Maurice Ravel and Alexander Scriabin. His most important orchestral works include "The Sea" and "Summer". He wrote some lovely chamber music for the cello as well as many songs. In his later years his harmonies become quite advanced, for example a favourite chord of his can be found by playing a C minor chord and a D major chord together. In his longer pieces the speed of the music often changes and he avoids repeating himself exactly. 

For a long time after his death his music was hardly ever played, but more recently musicians have discovered the greatness of his compositions. Pianists like to play the popular piano piece called "Rosemary".

Auchtertool

Auchtertool is a village in Fife, Scotland, UK. It is on the B925 Road between Dunfermline and Kirkcaldy.

Cowdenbeath

Cowdenbeath is a town in Fife, Scotland, UK. It is well known for Mossmorran, an oil refinery. It is on the A92 Road. It is home to the local football team Cowdenbeath F.C.

Moray

Moray is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland, UK. It lies in the northeast of the country and borders the council areas of the Highlands and Aberdeenshire. It takes its name after the much larger Province of Moray. Before 1996, it was a district of the Grampian region.

South Ayrshire

South Ayrshire is one of 32 council areas of Scotland, UK. The largest town is Ayr.

Angus

Angus is a county on the North Sea and on the northern shore of the Firth of Tay in Scotland, United Kingdom.

Angus is also the name of a council area.

The county town of Angus is Forfar, but its largest town is Dundee. Dundee is not part of the council area but is a council area on its own.
Angus is also well known for its breed of cattle much used in beef production. The Angus cattle were developed from cattle native to the counties of Aberdeenshire and Angus, and are now found in most parts of the world.

Clackmannanshire

Clackmannanshire is a county and a council area in Scotland. It lies north of the River Forth, between Perthshire to the north and Fife to the south.

Clackmannanshire is the smallest county in the United Kingdom. The second smallest, Kinross-shire, lies next to it.

Some villages/places in the county: Clackmannan, Alloa, Dollar, Tillicoultry, Tullibody

Selby

Selby is a town in North Yorkshire, England, UK. In the 2021 UK Census 19,760 people were living there.

It is on the River Ouse which is joined to Leeds by the Selby Canal and used to be a centre of ship building. It is not far from the border with the East Riding of Yorkshire.

Selby Abbey, started in the 11th century is in the centre of the town. There was a great fire there in 1906. 

Goole

Goole is a town and inland port in the East Riding of Yorkshire of England, UK. It is near to the border with North Yorkshire.


Burnley

Burnley is a town in Lancashire, England, UK. It is not far from the border with West Yorkshire.
Burnley is a large market town in the north west of England. It has a population of about 70,000. It lies approximately 34 km north of Manchester and 40 km east of Preston at the confluence of the River Calder and River Brun. Burnley grew larger during the industrial revolution when it was home to many cotton mills and was one of the world’s largest producers of cotton cloth.
Burnley lies along the M65, east of Accrington, Blackburn and Preston where it joins the M6. Lots of people use this motorway to go to these, and other large settlements like Manchester. It is surrounded by other small towns such as Padiham, Todmorden and Nelson. Many people come to Burnley from these settlements to shop and work. Burnley has a range of shops including:


Since the mills closed, Burnley has become one of the poorest towns in Britain. Houses in Burnley are on average the cheapest in the UK.
Burnley has produced many celebrities, including Ian McKellen and Ryan Simonds. 

Broadstairs

Broadstairs is a town in Kent, England, UK. It is between the bigger towns of Margate and Ramsgate.

Street, Somerset

Street is a village in Somerset, England, UK. It is to the south of Glastonbury. The River Brue makes the boundary with Glastonbury.

Warminster

Warminster is a town in Wiltshire, South West England. It is to the south of Westbury and to the east of Frome.

Wisbech

Wisbech is a town in Cambridgeshire, England, United Kingdom. It is not far from the border with Norfolk. 

Pant, Shropshire

Pant is a small village in Shropshire in England. It is in the civil parish of Llanymynech and Pant. It is located on the border with Powys in Wales. It is situated 15 miles north west of Shrewsbury, the county town.

In the 2011 census, the village's population was listed under the civil parish's population, which was 2,100 people.

The village's name means ""hollow"" in Welsh.

Southport

Southport is a coastal town in Merseyside, England, UK. It is on the border with Lancashire.

Central

Central means the center of something.

It can also mean:

National Hockey League rivalries

There have been many rivalries between teams in the National Hockey League (NHL). Rivalries have started up for many different reasons, the most common ones include: the teams being in the same area, knowing each other, violence during the game, and culture related reasons or national pride.

Puck

Puck may refer to:




Belves

Belves is a former commune in the Dordogne Department in the south-west of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Pays-de-Belves.

Arrondissement of Tournon-sur-Rhône

The arrondissement of Tournon-sur-Rhône is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Ardèche "department". Its capital is the city of Tournon-sur-Rhône, a subprefecture of the department.

When the Ardèche department was created on 4 March 1790, the "arrondissement" of Tournon-sur-Rhône (with the name of just Tournon) was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Tournon-sur-Rhône is bordered to the north by the Loire department, to the northeast by the Isère department, to the east by the Drôme department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Arrondissement of Privas, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Arrondissement of Largentière and to the west by the Haute-Loire department.

It is the most northern "arrondissement" of Ardèche. It has an area of , with a population of 135,786 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Tournon-sur-Rhône, there are 6 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Annonay-1, Annonay-2, Guilherand-Granges, Lamastre, Sarras and Tournon-sur-Rhône. The Canton of Le Cheylard has 13 "communes" in the "arrondissement" of Privas and 33 in Tournon-sur-Rhône, and the Canton of La Voulte-sur-Rhône has 9 "communes" in Tournon-sur-Rhône and 8 in Privas.

The "arrondissement" of Tournon-sur-Rhône has 120 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


WWE Tribute to the Troops

The WWE Tribute to the Troops is a televised event held every year since 2005 by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) in December around Christmas and Hanukkah. The wrestlers and employees of the WWE travel to Iraq and Afghanistan to honor the United States military. The event features wrestlers from "Raw", "SmackDown", and "Extreme Championship Wrestling" (ECW) brands competing in matches against each other. They hold a televised episode of "Raw" on an open field for any troop member to attend for free. Along the travel, wrestlers and employees stop at autograph sessions and local hospitals to visit those who fight and may have been injured in war. Walter Reed Army Medical Center and Bethesda Naval Hospital are among the hospitals visited by the WWE employees. The WWE most recently held its fifth annual event, and has their next visit planned for December 2008.

In 2004, USO of Metropolitan Washington awarded the WWE the first "Legacy of Hope" award for their extensive support of their troops and the USO’s Operation Care Package program. In 2006, WWE received the "Secretary of Defense Exceptional Public Service" award. It was presented to WWE Chairman, Vince McMahon and other wrestlers. Upon receiving the award, McMahon handed it to wrestler, John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL), noting that the idea of the Tribute to the Troops was his original idea. WWE also received recognition from General Casey, the Commander of Multinational Forces Iraq. The WWE generally stays for three days.

Overall, WWE has traveled to Iraq and Afghanistan six consecutive times since 2003. The events are held in December every year, as they are intended to be a holiday treat for the troops. Not every WWE wrestler and employee attends the trips, but any wrestler willing to go may attend, with their brand not considered a factor.



Bruce Gamble

Bruce George Gamble (May 24, 1938 – December 30, 1984) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played 10 seasons in the NHL between 1962 and 1972.


1937–38 NHL season

The 1937–38 NHL season was the 21st season of the National Hockey League (NHL). Eight teams each played 48 games. The Chicago Black Hawks were the Stanley Cup winners as they beat the Toronto Maple Leafs three games to one in the final series.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
<br>
"Note: Teams that qualified for the playoffs are highlighted in bold"

"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"

Falsifiability

Falsifiability is a concept from philosophy of science. It refers to whether a particular theory can be proved wrong. 

There are different ways in which it can be done. The easiest way to do it is to find an example where the theory should apply, but fails. As an example: Swans are birds related to ducks and geese. Today, several species of swans are known. For most people in Europe, a swan is a large white bird: The only species of swan that occurs in Europe is white. Several hundred years back, people in Europe therefore thought that all swans were white. In 1697, the Dutch explorer Willem de Vlamingh found black birds that looked like swans, during an expedition on the shores of Swan River, in Australia. Later, it turned out these birds were indeed swans. With his discovery, de Vlamingh had falsified the theory that all swans were white.

That was a trivial example. A very important example is the idea that the Earth goes round the Sun, which was a step in understanding how the Solar System works. 

Falsification is to prove that a theory is wrong. This is done in the following way: There is a set of statements (which are logically sound, and do not contradict each other) called theory. If a single logical statement can be found, which is also logically sound, and which contradicts one of the statements in the theory, then the theory is proven wrong. This can be done with observation, as in the example with the Swans above. It can also be done using mathematical logic, using induction.

Karl Popper had the opinion that only theories that are falsifiable are scientific. Falsifiability is then a line between science and other kinds of knowledge: if it can be refuted, it is science; it if cannot, then it is not science. Many working scientists think Popper was right.

Not everyone agreed with this: Pierre Duhem and Paul Feyerabend had different ideas. Feyerabend's "Against method" (1975) argued that there was no one scientific method. Instead, "whatever works, works" and "anything goes". This is called "epistemological anarchy". 

Duhem's idea was more subtle. He thought that for any given set of observations there is a huge and uncountable number of explanations. According to Duhem, an experiment in physics is not just an observation, but an interpretation of observations by means of a theoretical framework. Furthermore, no matter how well one constructs one's experiment, it is impossible to subject an isolated single hypothesis to an experimental test. Instead, it is a whole interlocking group of hypotheses, background assumptions, and theories that is tested. This thesis has come to be known as holism. According to Duhem, it makes crucial experiments impossible.

There are some special cases, where a statement or theory cannot be falsified: 


Kenosha, Wisconsin

Kenosha is a city in Kenosha County in the state of Wisconsin. It is part of the Chicago Metropolitan Area, but is nearer to Milwaukee than it is to Chicago. It is the fourth biggest city in the state after Milwaukee, Madison, and Green Bay.

Locality of reference

Locality of reference is a phenomenon that can be seen in Computer science. It says that the same value, or the place where it is stored is accessed often. There are two different kinds of locality of reference:

There are many reasons why locality of reference occurs:

Programs can be optimised in certain ways, to make them run faster:

Kenosha County, Wisconsin

Kenosha County is a county in the U.S. State of Wisconsin. It is in the far southeast of the state, and faces east onto Lake Michigan. Its county seat is Kenosha. It was founded in 1850.






Tape drive

A tape drive or streamer is a component that is often attached to a computer. It is used to write data to magnetic tape or to read data from it. Usually people use it to do backups. Tape drives are different from hard drives in that the access to the data is sequential (in order). This means to read a certain part of data, all the data before it needs to be read as well. Also tape drives are slow, compared to hard drives. Current capacities range from tens of gigabytes to almost a terabyte, per cartridge.

Cache algorithm

A Cache algorithm is an algorithm used to manage a cache or group of data. When the cache is full, it decides which item should be deleted from the cache. The word "hit rate" describes how often a request can be served from the cache. The term latency describes for how long a cached item can be obtained. Cache alorithms are a trade-off between hit-rate and latency.



Other things to consider:


Various algorithms also exist to maintain cache coherency. This applies only to situation where "multiple" independent caches are used for the "same" data (for example multiple database servers updating the single shared data file).

Quincy, Massachusetts

Quincy is a city in Norfolk County in the U.S. State of Massachusetts. It is part of Metropolitan Boston. 
It is named after Colonel John Quincy, who was Abigail Adams' mother's father. Quincy also had Adams' son, John Quincy Adams, named after him. It is the birthplace of John Adams, the second U.S. President, and Adams' son, John Quincy Adams, the sixth U.S. President. It was settled in 1625 and officially founded in 1792.

Edward Rappaport

Edward N. "Ed" Rappaport, Ph.D. is the acting director of the National Hurricane Center. He replaced former director Bill Proenza on July 9, 2007.

Live from Le Cabaret

Live from Le Cabaret is a hit live album by Rock-Pop band "Maroon 5". The album was exclusively released on iTunes on July 8, 2008. 

This album was released on July 8, 2008. It was recorded in Montreal, Quebec. The album was originally 1:05:37 long. The album is the third known recorded by Maroon 5. 

The songs performed on "Live from Le Cabaret" are songs from Maroon 5's past studio albums. Songs from their debut studio album called "Songs About Jane" like "Harder to Breathe", "This Love", "She Will Be Loved", "Shiver", and "Sweetest Goodbye". Songs are also included from Maroon 5's second hit studio album called "It Won't Be Soon Before Long" like "Makes Me Wonder", "Little of Your Time", "If I Never See Your Face Again", and more. 


Thermodynamic entropy

Thermodynamic entropy is a measure of how organized or disorganized energy is present in a system of atoms or molecules. It is measured in joules of energy per unit kelvin. Entropy is an important part of the third law of thermodynamics.

Imagine that a group of molecules has ten units of energy. If the energy in those molecules is perfectly organized, then the molecules can do ten units of work. However, if the energy became less organized (so, the entropy increased), the molecules might only be able to do six units of work, even though they still have ten units of energy in them.

When total entropy is reached, there is no more energy to spend. A good example of this is a cup of hot tea. The tea has a lot of energy compared to the room the tea is in. Over time the heat in the tea will spread into the room. The tea will become colder. This is because the energy (heat) in the tea moves to the surrounding area. Once the tea became cold, there is no more heat that can be spread. The tea has reached total entropy.

There are two types of these "rooms": An "open system" and a "closed system". An open system means that energy (like heat) can freely flow in and out of the room. A closed system means that the room is closed off from the outside; no energy can go in or out.

In the case of the tea, the room was a closed system; no energy could enter it. But we can also make it an open system by placing a heater into the room. If we turn on the heater, we can use the heat from it to reheat the cup of tea. New energy has been brought into the room. The entropy has thus decreased. The heat that went from the heater into the tea can then move into the room again until total entropy has been reached. This is what the second law of thermodynamics is about.

A real life example of an open system is the Earth. It gets a lot of energy from the Sun every day. This allows plants to grow and water to stay liquid. If we took away the Sun, plants would die and water would freeze because the surface of our planet would be too cold.

Cornell University

Cornell University ( ) is in Ithaca, New York, United States. It is a private land-grant university, receiving annual funding from the State of New York for certain educational missions. Ezra Cornell and Andrew Dickson White co-founded it in 1865 by sponsoring a bill in the New York State Legislature to designate it as New York's land grant college. The university was intended to teach and make contributions in all fields of knowledge–from the classics to the sciences and from the theoretical to the applied. This goal was uncommon in 1865. The goal is stated in Cornell's motto, an 1865 Ezra Cornell quotation: "I would found an institution where any person can find instruction in any study." Since its founding, Cornell has also been a co-educational, secular institution where admission is offered irrespective of gender, religion or race.

The university has seven undergraduate colleges and seven graduate divisions at its main Ithaca campus, with each college and division defining its own admission standards and academic programs in near autonomy. The university also administers two satellite medical campuses, one in New York City and one in Education City, Qatar. Cornell is one of two private land grant universities, and its seven undergraduate colleges include three state-supported statutory or contract colleges. As a land grant college, it also operates a cooperative extension outreach program in every county of New York.

Cornell counts more than 255,000 living alumni, 31 Marshall Scholars, 28 Rhodes Scholars and 41 Nobel laureates as affiliated with the university. It has 13,000 undergraduate and 6,000 graduate students from all 50 states and 122 countries.

Cornell's athletics teams are called the Big Red, and they have 36 varsity teams. They play against other teams in the Ivy League.

Cornell is divided into colleges. Each operates independently and has its own faculty and admission process: The "statutory" or "contract" colleges (which receive direct funding from the New York state government) have "New York State" in their name. Residents of New York who are enrolled in these colleges pay less tuition than other students at the university. Cornell calls its other colleges "endowed colleges".


The four statutory colleges are also units of the State University of New York.

Cornell also had two other colleges that closed. The New York State College of Forrestry closed in 1903. The Nursing School closed in 1979.

Cornell, a research university, produces the fourth largest number of graduates in the world who go on to pursue PhDs in engineering or the natural sciences at American institutions. It is also fifth in the world in producing graduates who pursue PhDs at American institutions in any field. Research is a central element of Cornell's mission. In 2009 Cornell spent $671 million on science and engineering research and development. This makes it the 16th highest in the United States.
For the 2004–05 fiscal year, the university spent $561.3 million on research. Of Cornell's units, the largest amount of this funding went to the colleges of Medicine ($164.2 million), Agriculture and Life Sciences ($114.5 million), Arts and Sciences ($80.3 million), and Engineering ($64.8 million). The money comes largely from federal sources, with federal investment of $381.0 million. The federal agencies that invest the most money are the Department of Health and Human Services and the National Science Foundation that make up, respectively, 51.4% and 30.7% of all federal investment in the university. Cornell was on the top-ten list of U.S. universities receiving the most patents in 2003, and was one of the nation's top five institutions in forming start-up companies. In 2004–05, Cornell received 200 invention disclosures, filed 203 U.S. patent applications, completed 77 commercial license agreements, and distributed royalties of more than $4.1 million to Cornell units and inventors.

Since 1962, Cornell has been involved in unmanned missions to Mars. In the 21st century, Cornell had a hand in the Mars Exploration Rover Mission. Cornell's Steve Squyres, Principal Investigator for the Athena Science Payload, led the selection of the landing zones and requested data collection features for the Spirit and Opportunity rovers. Jet Propulsion Laboratory engineers took those requests and designed the rovers to meet them. The rovers, both of which have operated long past their original life expectancies, are responsible for the discoveries that were awarded 2004 Breakthrough of the Year honors by "Science". Control of the Mars rovers has shifted between NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory at Caltech and Cornell's Space Sciences Building. Further, Cornell researchers discovered the rings around the planet Uranus. Also, Cornell built and operated the world's largest and most sensitive radiotelescope in Arecibo, Puerto Rico.

In 1952, John O. Moore at the Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory began the Automotive Crash Injury Research project. (In 1972, the lab was separated from the University as Calspan Corporation.) It pioneered the use of crash testing, originally using corpses rather than dummies. The project discovered that improved door locks, energy-absorbing steering wheels, padded dashboards, and seat belts could prevent an extraordinary percentage of injuries. The project led Liberty Mutual to fund the building of a demonstration Cornell Safety Car in 1956, which received national publicity and influenced carmakers. Carmakers soon started their own crash-test laboratories and gradually adopted many of the Cornell innovations. Other ideas, such as rear-facing passenger seats, were less popular.

In 1984, the National Science Foundation began work on establishing five new supercomputer centers, including the Cornell Center for Advanced Computing, to provide high-speed computing resources for research within the United States. In 1985, a team from the National Center for Supercomputing Applications began the development of NSFNet, a TCP/IP-based computer network that could connect to the ARPANET, at the Cornell Center for Advanced Computing and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. This high-speed network, unrestricted to academic users, became a backbone to which regional networks would be connected. Initially a 56-kbit/s network, traffic on the network grew exponentially; the links were upgraded to 1.5 Mbit/s T1s in 1988 and to 45 Mbit/s in 1991. The NSFNet was a major milestone in the development of the Internet and its rapid growth coincided with the development of the World Wide Web.
Cornell scientists have researched the fundamental particles of nature for more than 70 years. Cornell physicists, such as Hans Bethe, contributed not only to the foundations of nuclear physics but also participated in the Manhattan Project. In the 1930s, Cornell built the second cyclotron in the United States. In the 1950s, Cornell physicists became the first to study synchrotron radiation. During the 1990s, the Cornell Electron Storage Ring, beneath Alumni Field, was the world's highest-luminosity electron-positron collider. After building the synchrotron at Cornell, Robert R. Wilson took a leave of absence to become the founding director of Fermilab, which involved designing and building the Tevatron, the largest accelerator in the United States. Cornell's accelerator and high-energy physics groups are involved in the design of the proposed International Linear Collider and plan to participate in its construction and operation. The International Linear Collider, to be completed in the late 2010s, will complement the Large Hadron Collider and shed light on questions such as the identity of dark matter and the existence of extra dimensions.

In the area of humanities and social sciences, Cornell is best known for being one of the world's greatest centers for the study of Southeast Asia. The Southeast Asia Program (SEAP) at Cornell is designated as a National Resource Center (NRC) by the United States Department of Education 2010–2014. Therefore, the SEAP is nationally prominent in promoting advanced foreign language training, area and international knowledge in the liberal arts and applied discipline focused on Southeast Asia. The George McTurnan Kahin Center for Advanced Research on Southeast Asia is in the historic "Treman House." The George McTurnan Kahin Center is home to SEAP graduate students, visiting fellows and scholars, faculty members, and SEAP's Publication and Outreach offices.

Bolognese sauce

Bolognese sauce is a sauce made with meat that is then mixed with pasta before eating. It is called "Ragù alla bolognese" in Italy. The sauce came from Bologna in Italy.
Most Italian people eat their Bolognese sauce with "tagliatelle", a broad, flat type of pasta. It can also be served with ribbon or tube shaped pasta.

In 1982, the Bolognese delegation, said that the recipe must only be made of beef, pancetta (a type of bacon), onions, carrots, celery, tomato paste, meat broth, red wine and milk or cream. There are different recipes of Bolognese sauce. Some of the recipes contain chopped pork or pork sausage. Mushrooms are sometimes added.

Spaghetti Bolognese is popular outside of Italy where the sauce is put on a plate of spaghetti with a little bit of grated cheese put on. In China Bolognese sauce is served with noodles and it is called Chinese spaghetti.

However, these different ways of making the recipe are never eaten in Bologna. They do use the recipe together with béchamel sauce to make lasagna.


Lixion Avila

Lixion A. Avila (born November 25, 1950) is a weather forecaster with the National Hurricane Center (NHC). He has been a senior hurricane specialist.

Pug

The pug is a type of dog with a wrinkly face. It also has a curled tail, and pug puppies are called puglets. The pug has a square, muscular body with a large head, big eyes, and small ears. They have often been described as "multum in parvo", which means "much in little", referring to the pug's character and size. Pugs came originally from Taiwan, but they became popular in England, Ireland, and Scotland.

Pugs are popular and often liked most for their curly tails, compact body, a deep chest, and strong muscles. There are two different types of a Pug's ears, "rose" and "button". "Rose" ears are smaller than the "button" ears and are folded up instead of on the side of the head. Most people prefer "button" style Pugs. Pugs have strong, straight legs and laid back shoulders. Their feet are not as large as a hare's foot, but they are not as round as that of a cat, either. They have toes that are split up perfectly, and their nails are all black. The lower teeth normally grow farther out than the upper teeth, so they meet in an under-bite.

The coat of pugs can be a lot of different colors, including fawn, apricot, silver, or black. A very rare pug is white. The fur color may be white due to albinism. There is also a smutty fawn pug, which has a very dark head and dark forelegs. The tail usually curls at the hip.

Different coat types shed differently, but they all shed year-round. The pug who has a fawn color sheds the most. Grooming their fur helps prevent too much shedding.

The pug is very strong-willed, but does not act aggressively unless provoked to a high degree. Pugs are well kept for families with children. They can be quiet and nice but also funny according to the owner's mood. They are also good at guarding the house.

Pugs came from Taiwan, as most high people of Taiwan kept them as pets at around 400 BCE.

In East China, they were known as the "Lo-Chiang-Sze" or "Foo". In the early 551 BCE, Confucius described the pug as a "short mouthed dog". After that, pugs became popular in Tibet, especially for monks. Then, pugs became known toward Japan and then Europe. The pug's origin is unknown because the first Emperor of China destroyed everything related to the pug in his reign.

Chinese Fu-Dogs, also called Lion-Dogs or Fo-Dogs, were thought of as brave dogs who were skilled at guarding, so statues of them were placed outside the temples.

The Dutch East India Company imported the pug first in the late 16th and 17th centuries. Later, in 1572, a pug named Pompey saved the Prince of Orange by warning him when the Spaniards came. William III and Mary II also took a pug with them when they were going from Netherlands to England for the seat of the throne in 1688.

The pug was also becoming famous in other European countries as well. The Spanish painter, Goya, painted pugs in Spain and Italy sitting beside the coachmen of the rich. They were used as guard dogs and to find animals or people.

After that, pugs began to become popular in France. A pug named Fortune was a messenger between Joséphine de Beauharnais and her family while she was in prison. In Italy, the pug was becoming famous also. A Mrs. Piozzi wrote in her journal that "every carriage I meet here has a pug in it".

In 19th century England, Queen Victoria was a very sincere lover of pugs. She had many pet pugs, such as Olga, Pedro, Minka, Fatima, and Venus.

The pug finally arrived in the United States during the 19th century and soon became popular there as well. Many pugs won dog shows, and soon the Pug Dog Club was founded in 1931.

Because pugs do not have long snouts, they can get eye diseases. They also cannot breathe well, because passages for oxygen are very small and they cannot regulate their temperature with their tongue well. A pug's normal body temperature is between and . If the temperature rises to , they need to cool down immediately because they cannot cool themselves enough. If the temperature reaches , their organs can fail.

Pugs that live by themselves can have the problem of overweight, although this can be helped by exercising and eating healthy food.

Pugs can also be hurt by "necrotizing meningoencephalitis" (NME). NME is an inflammation of the brain and meninges. It is also known as "pug dog encephalitis" (PDE). There is no known cure or explanation for NME, although most people believe it is a disease that dogs may inherit from their mother or father. All dogs usually die within a few months after this disease, which usually happens from 6 months to 7 years of age.
Pugs can also get a serious disease in their spine.

Because pugs have wrinkles on their faces, owners must clean the folded part of their skin. Hip dysplasia is another major problem for pugs. About 63.8% of pugs were caught with hip dysplasia.

When pugs get excited, they begin to "reverse sneeze", in which they will breathe in short, quick breaths. "Reverse sneezing" is usually not harmful to the pug. It can be helped by massaging the dog's throat or covering its nose to make it breathe instead with its mouth.

Pugs have come out in television and film, such as Frank the Pug in the film "Men in Black" and the follow-up series. Other films that have pugs include "12 Rounds", "Marie Antoinette (2006 film)", and Disney's film about "Pocahontas". They have also appeared on television, in shows like: "Poldark,The West Wing"

Pugs have also appeared in many fictional books, like Lady Bertram's pug in "Mansfield Park" and in the book "Pugs: God's Little Weirdos".

Famous people who own pugs include broadcaster Jonathan Ross and actress Jessica Alba.



Command economy

A command economy or planned economy is where the big decisions are made at the center by the government. In an economic system the main decisions are, for example, allocating resources like labour, capital and minerals. Prices, too, are controlled. In a command economy, these decisions are taken by a central body, usually the government. 

This system contrasts that of a market economy where all the economic actors involved make decisions. The benefit of a planned economy is that the planners (supposedly) know all about what is happening, and can make a better decision than in the market economy. Countries at war sometimes command their people to make things the war needs; the major powers in World War II did this.

Friedrick von Hayek, a 20th-century economist, thought that it is not possible for the planning body to have perfect information. For this reason, the decisions taken by this body will be wrong, as it is not possible to foresee all possible events. Once the decision has been taken there is only a small margin to vary the production; this means that a planned economy cannot adapt to a change as rapidly as a market economy. According to Ludwig von Mises, there is no competition, and there are no reasons to innovate or to look for different solutions to a problem, in a planned economy.


Charles Ives

Charles Edward Ives (October 30, 1874 – May 19, 1954) was an American composer. He experimented with new ways of composing which many people did not understand at the time. These became more widely used later in the century. He used dissonant (harsh) sounding intervals and techniques such as polytonality (playing in several keys at once), polyrhythms (several rhythms at once) and polytextures (several textures at once). Very few people listened to his music at the time he was writing it. Only much later did musicians start to realize the importance of his work. Ives earned his living as an insurance agent. He composed in his spare time.

Charles Ives was born in Danbury, Connecticut. His father George Ives was a U.S. Army bandleader in the American Civil War. His mother was a singer. His father taught him a great deal about the music and encouraged him to experiment with new sounds. As well as teaching him counterpoint and introducing him to the music of J.S.Bach he trained his son’s musical ear by getting him to sing a tune in one key while he played the accompaniment in another. In this way the young Charles became used to modern sounds that were quite different from traditional, Romantic music. Charles also listened in Danbury town square to his father's marching band and other bands that were playing on other sides of the square, so that he heard a mixture of several pieces of music at the same time. His father also taught him the music of Stephen Foster. 

Ives became a church organist at the age of 14 and wrote various hymns and songs for church services, including his "Variations on 'America' ". At the same time he also enjoyed sport and was good at baseball, football and tennis.

Ives spent four years at Yale University. His teacher Horatio Parker was very good and taught him important basic techniques of composing, but he could not understand some of things that Ives was writing in his music. Ives got annoyed when his teacher told him he could not finish a section of music on a dissonant chord, but Ives liked it like that. The choirmaster at the Centre Church where Ives played the organ was John Griggs. He had more understanding of what Ives was trying to do. It was a terrible blow to Charles when his father died on 4 November 1894. He always had a huge admiration for his father who had encouraged him in his musical experiments. Charles kept busy composing. He did not do any sport at Yale because his father had forbidden him to take part in sport so that he would spend his time on studying. By the time Charles graduated he had composed more than 40 songs, several marches, overtures, anthems and organ pieces, a string quartet and a symphony. However, most people thought of him as the composer of a simple waltz tune called "The Bells of Yale". 

After his studies at Yale Ives continued to work as a church organist while working for an insurance firm. He was very good at his job and became very well known in the insurance business. Some of his business friends were often surprised to find out that he was also a composer. 

In 1907, Ives had his first "heart attack". These attacks may have been more to do with his imagination. When he was better he composed more than ever before. He married in 1908. After several heart attacks in 1918 he composed very little. He stopped composing altogether in 1926. His health problems continued, and he retired from the insurance business in 1930. He spent some time revising works he had written early, but never wrote any more new pieces.

Ives died in 1954 in New York City at 12:32 PM.

Ives published more than 100 of his songs. He was a very good pianist and the piano parts are often quite difficult. They include bitonality and pantonality.. Although he is now best known for his orchestral music, he composed two string quartets and other chamber music. His organ piece "Variations on "America"" (1891), takes the tune "My Country, 'Tis of Thee" (which is the same tune as "God Save the Queen ") and changes it in several amusing variations, using a march, a ragtime and bitonality. it was not published until 1949. The variations differ sharply: a running line, a set of close harmonies, a march, a polonaise, and a ragtime allegro; the interludes are one of the first uses of bitonality.

His "Symphony Number 1" was fairly traditional, but "Symphony Number 2" is much more modern sounding, even ending with a dissonant chord with 11 notes.

In 1902 he gave up his organ job. He left all his best anthems and organ music in the church library, and these were thrown out in 1915 when the church moved so most of them are lost.
"Central Park in the Dark" is a piece for orchestra which describes the mysterious, quiet park and then sounds of music coming from nearby nightclubs in Manhattan (playing the popular music of the day, ragtime, quoting "Hello My Baby" and even Sousa's "Washington Post March"). 
Perhaps the piece which is most often heard today is the short fanfare "The Unanswered Question" (1908), written for the very unusual combination of trumpet, four flutes, and string orchestra. The strings, playing from behind the stage, play very slow, chorale-like music throughout the piece while several times the trumpet (playing from behind the audience) plays a short group of notes that Ives described as "the eternal question of existence". Each time the trumpet is answered with harsh outbursts from the flutes (onstage) — apart from the last one. That is the question that is left unanswered. Musicians often have discussions about what the real meaning of the piece is.
Another well-known orchestral work is "Three Places in New England". His best-known piano work is his "Concord Sonata". Ives often liked to quote bits of other pieces, and in this piano sonata he quotes the famous opening of Beethoven's "Fifth Symphony". It also has an interesting example of one of Ives' experiments: in the second movement, he tells the pianist to use a 14¾ in (37.5 cm) piece of wood to make a thick but soft cluster chord. The sonata is one of the best piano works of the 20th century. 
One of his most interesting works is the his "Fourth Symphony" (1910–16) written for a huge orchestra. The last movement is like a fight between discord and traditional tonal music. The piece ends quietly with just the percussion playing at a distance. This symphony seems to say everything that Ives had been trying to do in music. It was not until 1965 that a complete performance of the symphony was given. 
Ives music only gradually began to get well known during the 1930s and into the 1940s. Schoenberg recognized his importance. In 1951, Leonard Bernstein conducted the first performance of Ives' Second Symphony in a broadcast concert by the New York Philharmonic Orchestra. He recorded a lot of his music and even played some in a television programme for young people.

Flageolet

A flageolet is an old woodwind instrument. It belongs to the end-blown flute family. It started to be used in the 16th century for folk music. There are two types: the French type and the English type. The French flageolet had four holes in the front and two in the back. The English flageolet had six holes in the front.

The flageolet is quite similar to the recorder. In the 18th century it changed because a narrow mouthpiece made of ivory or bone was added at the top. This led into another section which bulged out. There was a soft sponge at the end of this. Sometimes this instrument was called the "flautino". The piccolo developed from it. Another instrument that developed from it was the tin whistle.

Henry Purcell and George Frideric Handel both wrote pieces for it.

Small versions of this instrument, called bird flageolets were also made and were used for teaching birds to sing.

The illustrated Encyclopedia of Musical Instruments; 


Paris Opera

Paris Opéra or the Opéra National de Paris is the most important opera company of France. It stages performances at the Opéra Bastille and Opéra Garnier in Paris. The theatre is also the home of the Paris Opéra Ballet.

Other opera houses in Paris are the Théâtre du Châtelet, Opéra-Comique and Théâtre des Champs-Élysées.

King Louis XIV allowed Jean-Baptiste Lully to start the "Académie Royale de Musique" in 1672. This was an organization that included opera, ballet, and music. The ballet company was part of the opera company. Then Louis XIV started the ballet school, called "Académie Royale de Danse", in 1661. From 1671 until Lully's death in 1687, the school was directed by the great dancing master Pierre Beauchamp, the man who set down the five positions of the feet. 

In 1713 King Louis XIV made the Opera company a state institution. There was a group of professional dancers called "Le Ballet de l'Opéra". From that time until 1875 they used lots of theatres, each one of which was destroyed by a fire. All these companies were called Paris Opéra or Opéra de Paris.

On 29 October 1873, the old "Paris Opéra", known as the "Théâtre de l'Académie Royale de Musique", which had been used since 1821, was destroyed by a fire which burned for 27 hours. By 1875 the opera company moved to the new "Palais Garnier" which was part of the rebuilding of Paris by Emperor Napoleon III.

When the "Opéra Bastille" was built in 1989 the company chose it as their main theatre. 


Faust

Faust or Faustus is a character from German legendary stories. His name comes from a Latin word meaning "lucky". The legend is about a man called Faust. Faust wants to have knowledge. He meets the Devil. The Devil tells Faust he can have anything he wants. In return, the Devil says, Faust must give him his soul. Faust agrees, and the Devil lets Faust have a wonderful time, but in the end Faust has to go to Hell.

The story of Faust became famous all over Europe. Many writers from different countries wrote their own versions of the Faust story, e.g. Christopher Marlowe, Goethe, Mikhail Bulgakov, Thomas Mann. Many composers wrote music about Faust, e.g. Hector Berlioz, Franz Liszt, Charles Gounod and Ferrucio Busoni.

The adjective "Faustian" is used to describe a person who wants something so much that it leads them into trouble.

In the early versions of the Faust story: in ballads, dramas and puppet-plays, Faust is always damned (meaning he will have to go to Hell). This is because he prefers human knowledge instead of God’s knowledge. This was thought to be very bad at that time.

Some of the plays and comic puppet theatre from around the 16th century make up their own versions of the story. They often show Faust as a figure of vulgar fun. The story became popular in England when Christopher Marlowe wrote a play called The Tragical History of Doctor Faustus. But in Goethe's version of the story two centuries later, Faust is described as a well-educated man who wants more than just "meat and drink."

Robert Mulligan

Robert Mulligan (August 23, 1925 – December 20, 2008) was an Academy Award-nominated American movie and television director. He directed movies such as To Kill a Mockingbird and The Man in the Moon. 


Austin Motor Company

Austin was a British car manufacturing company that began production in 1905. The company merged with Morris in 1952, becoming the lead partner in British Motor Corporation. This became British Leyland and then Rover Group. They began phasing the brand out in 1987; by 1989 all Rover Group cars had been cleared of Austin branding. The name has now passed into the ownership of Nanjing Motor Corporation, who have stated an interest in reviving it. 1905-2003

The company was started in 1905 by Herbert Austin, originally making cars at a factory in Rotherham, Yorkshire before moving to Longbridge, Birmingham. In the First World War Austin made aircraft for the Army and Navy, it was this work which led to the rapid expansion of the company; following the war the company stopped making aircraft. The company became Britain's biggest car maker.

In 1952 Austin merged with its biggest rival Morris (founded by William Morris, afterwards Lord Nuffield), with Austin being the lead partner. This company was known as the British Motor Corporation (BMC). Following the merger with Morris, the model line up for Austin changed considerably. The most notable car to come from this era was the Austin Mini, this was also sold as a Morris Mini and was made up until 2000 (though not as an Austin after 1987). Austin enjoyed a favourable market share during the 1950s and 1960s.

In 1968 BMC merged with Leyland (Leyland, Standard and Triumph) to become British Leyland even though Leyland had been a much smaller firm. It was the British Leyland years that were perhaps the most difficult and in 1975 British Leyland was nationalised. Austin's market share fell, as did other marques within the company, leading to the phasing out of the Morris name plate in 1981. There were many strikes at British Leyland's factories, making British Leyland and other companies with the same problem, such as the Ford Motor Company unproductive compared to Japanese and European companied like Volkswagen. Many of the models in this era failed to sell well, either because they were old fashioned or deemed unreliable; the Austin Princess and the Austin Allegro were the only modern cars of this era, while the 1300, 1800 and Austin Maxi were all dated. The Princess and Allegro sold well, but both were saloons, and the only hatchback the company had was the Maxi, which wasn't a popular car.

British Leyland became the Rover Group in 1986. Despite the huge success of the Austin Metro, launched in 1980, there was trouble in the company. In the 1980s Austin sold the most cars in the British Leyland group, however when the company became Rover Group, a greater emphasis was placed on the more upmarket Rover name. In 1987 the company began phasing the name out and by 1989 it had been removed from all products.

The name now belongs to Nanjing Motor Corporation who have expressed an interest in reviving it. They currently make cars as MGs (the MG marque came from Morris and consisted of three sports cards MGA, MGB and MGC), however it intends to use this brand name for luxury cars and sports cars. Nanjing does not own the Rover name, so the Austin name is the most recent it has to use for its mainstream mass market cars.

The company's most famous models were the Austin Seven (1922-39), the Austin A30 (1951-56), the Austin A35 (1956-59), the Austin A55 Cambridge (1954-71), the Austin Mini (1959-2000 but only as an Austin until 1969), the Austin 1800 (1964-75), the Austin 1300 (1967-74), Austin Maxi (1969-81), Austin Allegro (1973-83), Austin Princess/Ambassador (1975-84), Austin Metro (1980-1998 but only as an Austin until 1987), Austin Maestro (1983-94), Austin Montego (1984-94).

Flag of Puerto Rico

The flag of Puerto Rico consists of five equal horizontal bands of red (top and bottom) alternating with white; a blue isosceles triangle based on the hoist side has a large, white, five-pointed star in the center.

The flag was created in 1892. In 1952, the flag became the official national flag of Puerto Rico. 

Star and crescent

The Islamic Crescent is a symbol consisting of a crescent with a star at the concave side. In its modern form, the star is usually shown with five points (though in earlier centuries a higher number of points was often used). The two signs together, or the crescent only, was long a symbol of Byzantium and also appeared on coins of the Sassanid Empire. Now it is often a symbol of Islam. It is seen on a number of different country flags such as Turkey, Libya, Maldives, Algeria, Azerbaijan, Malaysia, Singapore, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Tunisia, Western Sahara, Comoros, North Cyprus, Mauritania, Pakistan respectively.

Flag of Ottoman Empire was the first flag featuring a crescent with a star. Other states formerly part of the Ottoman Empire also used the symbol, so the symbol emerged into popular use.

Cootamundra

Cootamundra is a town in New South Wales, Australia. In 2006 there were 5,566 people living in Cootamundra. It is on the Olympic Highway where it crosses the Muttama Creek, between Junee and Cowra. Cootamundra's railway station is on the main Melbourne-to-Sydney railway line.
Sir Donald Bradman AC, Australian cricketer said to be the greatest batsman of all time was born in Cootamundra. The town is very proud of Bradman, and uses this in signs and tourist information. The home where "The Don" was born is a fully restored visitor site open to the public seven days per week.

Cootamundra is the home of the Cootamundra Wattle (Acacia Baileyana). Every year there is a large 'Wattle Time' Festival (which happens when the wattle starts to bloom) with an art show and festivities.

Acacia baileyana

The Cootamundra Wattle is an Australian shrub or tree. It is in the Family Fabaceae. The tree's Latin name, "Acacia baileyana", is named after the botanist Frederick Manson Bailey. It is one of nearly 1000 species of "Acacia" found in Australia. The Cootamundra Wattle at first only came from a small area in southern New South Wales near Cootamundra. It has been widely planted all over Australia. In many areas of Victoria Cootamundra Wattle has become a weed. It is taking over from acacias that were only found in Victorian.

Almost all wattles have cream to golden colored flowers. The small flowers are arranged in round to cylindrical clusters. Only the stamens, the male part of the flower, stick out. Many wattles have been planted in New Zealand.

"A. baileyana" is used in Europe in the cut flower industry. It is also used as food for bees in making honey.

This plant is easy to grow. It can adapt and grow in different areas. Unfortunately it easily produces seeds and will start growing new plants in the surrounding area. It can also cross breed with other acacias, including the rare and endangered Sydney species "Acacia pubescens".

A low growing, weeping form, is being grown. The fine leaves of the original Cootamundra wattle is grey-green. A new type with blue-purple leaves, known as 'Purpurea' is very popular.


Kermanshah

Kermanshah or Kermashan (; ), is the capital city of Kermanshah Province, in Iran, in Iranian Kurdistan. Kermanshah is the largest Kurdish city in Iran. The city is 525 km from Tehran in the western part of Iran and it is about 120 km from the border of in Iraq. Kermanshah has a continental climate.

The estimated population of the city was 822,921 in the year 2005. The majority of the population speak a Kurdish language as well as the Persian language. The religion of the people is diverse, but there are more Muslims than any other religion.

Rider Strong

Rider King Strong (born December 11, 1979) is an American movie and television actor. He became famous in the 1990s as the character Shawn Hunter in the television series "Boy Meets World".

John O'Meally

John O'Meally (1841 – 19 November 1863) was an Australian bushranger and criminal. He was one of Frank Gardiner's gang who robbed the gold escort coach at Eugowra. This was Australia's biggest gold robbery.

O'Meally worked as a stockman, looking after cattle and sheep on his father's farm, Arramagong Station in the Lachlan River valley. His father, Paddy O'Meally, also ran a shanty (a very basic hotel), called "The Weddin Inn", on Emu Creek. The inn was the only hotel in the district. John OMeally, and another one of Gardiner's gang, Alex Fordyce, sometimes worked at the shanty. The gold escort robbery was planned there.

On 15 June 1862 the gold escort coach that took the gold from the goldfields of Forbes to Bathurst was robbed. This was one of Australia's biggest robberies. O'Meally and several of his friends were in the gang led by Frank Gardiner. A week after the robbery the police, led by Sir Frederick Pottinger, captured two of the robbers, Henry Manns, and Charlie Gilbert. Charlie Gilbert was the brother of gang member John Gilbert. John Gilbert had nearly been captured but was able to escape. He went straight to "The Weddin Inn", and together with Ben Hall and O'Meally, captured the police and released the prisoners.

In July 1863, O'Meally and Gilbert tried to rob the bank at Carcoar in broad daylight. This is believed to be the first daylight bank robbery in Australia.

On 30 August 1863, O'Meally tried to rob John Barnes near Wallendbeen station (farm). Barnes owned shops in Cootamundra and Murrumburrah. O'Meally tried to take Barnes' saddle. Barnes rode off to try and get away, but O'Meally shot and killed him. Barnes is buried in the Cootamundra cemetery.

O'Meally was shot and killed while trying to rob Goimbla station (farm) near Eugowra, on 19 November 1863. This event became known as the "Battle of Goimbla." The Campbell family fought off the Ben Hall gang in during a two-hour battle. The National Museum of Australia has several items in its collection about the battle.

John O'Meally is buried in an unmarked grave in the Anglican cemetery at Gooloogong.


America's Next Top Model, Cycle 3



Goethe's Faust

Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's Faust is the most famous play in all German literature. It was published in two parts. Part One is very dramatic, and tells the main story. Part II is extremely long, and it is meant to be read rather than acted on stage. It is about Goethe’s philosophy as well as about history and politics.

Goethe’s "Faust" is a re-telling of the Faust legend which was very famous in Germany. The legend tells of a man called Faust who is tired of studying and wants to have the greatest possible happiness. The devil (usually called Mephistopheles, as he is in Goethe’s play) tells Faust he can help him to do this, but that in the end Faust will have to give him his soul and go with him to hell. Faust makes a pact (an agreement) with Mephistopheles who promises him all his soul can wish for: fine living, gold, women and honour. Faust signs the pact with his blood. Faust uses magic in the hope that it will tell him everything about life. However, in the end Mephistopheles wins his bet.

The subject of "Faust" occupied Goethe all his life. The name of Faust is mentioned in a comedy he wrote in 1769: “Die Mitschuldigen“. In 1773, when he was 24, he first read the poetry of Hans Sachs, the medieval German poet. He immediately started to imitate the rhythm of Sachs’s poetry. This rhythm is known as “Knittelvers”. It had 4 accented syllables in each line and an AABB or ABAB rhyming pattern, e.g.


In 1887, long after Goethe’s death, it was discovered that he had made a version of “Faust“ which he never published but later decided to rewrite. This version is known as the “Urfaust” (“Ur” means “original”, i.e. the “Original Faust”). It was written between 1772 and 1775. He changed a lot of it and it became “Faust Part I“. A fragment (small part of it) was published in 1790. Then he finished it in 1806, published it in 1808 and changed it for a new edition in 1829. Part 2 was finished in 1831, a few months before he died, and was not published until a few months after his death.

"Faust Part One" starts off in heaven. Mephistopheles makes a bet with God: he says that he can go down to earth and meet Faust and make him do bad things.

We then see Faust in his study. Faust is trying to get to know all possible things. He wants to know about science, humans and religion. He tries to use magic in order to understand everything there is to know, but he thinks he is not managing to do it. For a moment he thinks of killing himself, but then hears people celebrating Easter and decides to go for a walk with Wagner, his assistant. A poodle who has no home follows Faust back to his house.

In Faust’s study, the poodle changes into the devil (Mephistopheles). Faust makes an arrangement with the devil: the devil will do everything that Faust wants while he is here on earth, In exchange Faust will serve the devil in hell. Faust's arrangement is that, while Mephistopheles is serving Faust, if Faust is so pleased with anything the devil gives him, that he wants to stay in that moment forever, he will die that very moment (in German he says: “Verweile doch, du bist so schön” – “Stay a while, you are so beautiful”. It is perhaps the most famous quotation in all German literature.)

Mephistopheles persuades Faust to sign the agreement with his own blood. Faust has a few adventures and then meets Margaret (also known as Gretchen). He loves her, and by offering her jewellery, and with help of a neighbour, Martha, Gretchen lets herself into Faust's arms. Faust and Gretchen want to sleep together, so Gretchen gives her mother a sleeping potion so that she does not see Faust. Faust and Gretchen sleep together. Gretchen’s mother dies of the potion. Gretchen discovers she is pregnant. Gretchen’s brother says Faust is bad and challenges him, but Faust kills him (with the devil’s help, of course). Gretchen has given birth to a baby, but she drowns it. She is found guilty of murder and is sent to prison. Faust tries to save her from death, but he cannot free her from prison. Finding that they cannot free her, Faust and the devil run away from the prison cell, while voices from heaven say that Gretchen shall be saved.

"Faust Part Two" is very different from Part One. It keeps referring to classical literature. The romantic story of the first Faust is forgotten, and Faust wakes in a field of fairies. He has many adventures. The piece is in five acts which each tell of different things. In the end Faust goes to heaven, because he loses only half the bet. Angels, who arrive as messengers of God’s mercy, say at the end of Act 5: "He who strives on and lives to strive/ Can earn redemption still" (i.e. anyone who tries hard in life can still be saved).

Goethe’s "Faust" had an enormous influence on all art in Western countries. In Germany many writers were fascinated by the legend. They often felt that Faust represented the spirit of the German people. Dramas, epic poems and novels were written about Faust. Composers wrote operas or orchestral music about him. Thomas Mann wrote a novel "Dr Faustus" which compares Faust’s pact with the devil to the way the German people supported Hitler.

Nitric acid

Nitric Acid (HNO) is a very corrosive and toxic strong acid that can cause severe burns. It is also known as aqua fortis. Nitric Acid is used in rocket fuels, to help make wood look older, and is used in explosives.

It can react with metals such as copper to produce a brown toxic gas called nitrogen dioxide. It is made by reaction of nitrogen dioxide with water.

In alchemy, it is known as aqua fortis, or strong water. It can dissolve silver but leaves gold unharmed, making it a good test for gold. The term acid test came from this test.

Killing of Peter Fechter

Peter Fechter (14 January 1944 - 17 August 1962) is one of the best known victims of the Berlin Wall. Fechter was a bricklayer. Aged 18, he tried to cross the wall into the West, near Checkpoint Charlie, to live with his sister. He did this with his friend and colleague, Helmut Kulbeik. Both started to climb the wall at around 14:15. Kubelik was successful, and could escape. Fechter was hit by several gunshots, one of which pierced his lung, and fell back down, to what was called the "Death strip". He was unable to move, and started to cry for help. Crowds started to gather on both sides of the wall; on the east side, they were dispersed by police.

Police gathered on the west side threw medical kits to him; despite the crowd asking them, they would not do more. The DDR border guards did not do anything either; neither did the United States personnel on duty at the Checkpoint.

Fechter bled to death after about an hour. After reunification, two border police were found guilty of manslaughter. They were convicted and given suspended prison terms of 20 and 21 months respectively. Both had told the court they fired shots at Fechter, but did not want to kill him. The court also ruled that Fechter was killed by the shots, and not by the absence of aid. The evidence could not show who of three gunman (one had already died) was responsible for the bullet that killed Fechter.

Manchester Metrolink

Manchester Metrolink (or usually just Metrolink) is the name of the tram system in Greater Manchester, England. The system is owned by Transport for Greater Manchester, which used to be called the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Executive. It is operated under contract by the RATP Group.

The construction of Manchester's railway network in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries had created a lot of termini around the City Centre. These were not linked together. This left a large amount of Manchester disconnected from the railway network.

For many years there had been plans to connect Manchester's two main railway stations. These are Piccadilly and Victoria. In the late 1960s and early 1970s there were plans for a "Picc-Vic tunnel". This tunnel would carry main-line trains under the city centre. The proposal was abandoned because it would cost too much.

Metrolink was created by converting two British Rail lines serving the suburbs of Manchester, one to the town of Altrincham to the south, and another to the town of Bury to the north, to light rail. These two lines were joined up in Manchester city centre, where trams run on the roads, and had a short branch to Piccadilly railway station. This first section of the new system opened in 1992, and a newer line to Eccles opened in 2001.

Lots of extensions to the system have opened since then, with more that are currently being built or proposed. Metrolink now has lines that serve Didsbury, Ashton-under-Lyne, Oldham, Rochdale, MediaCityUK and Manchester Airport. These expansions increased the system's length from 37 km to 97 km with 99 stops. In 2017 a second line through Manchester city centre serving Exchange Square, opened and later another line towards the Trafford Centre shopping mall. There are also plans for tram-train lines to Stockport and other places in Greater Manchester. By 2040 the intention is to double the size of the network. 

Nitrate

Nitrate (NO) is a polyatomic ion. It is made up of one nitrogen and three oxygen atoms. It is part of many important molecules. Potassium nitrate is a common type of nitrate. It is often used in fertilizers because plants and crops need both potassium and nitrates to live and grow. Sodium nitrate is also used in preserving foods. 

Some nitrates are explosive. People make large amounts of nitrates from ammonia. Nitrates are similar to nitrites. Many metal nitrates with thermal decomposition makes oxygen and metal nitrate.

Nitric acid has the formula HNO and has no overall charge, because the hydrogen ion is positive. 

Nitrate has a group valency of 1. 

Supertram (Sheffield)

Supertram is a tram network in Sheffield, England. The track and connected items are owned by South Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive (SYPTE). Stagecoach Group run and look after the vehicles, through their Stagecoach Supertram branded company.

Happy Xmas (War Is Over)

"Happy Xmas (War Is Over)" is a Christmas song by John Lennon, Yoko Ono and The Plastic Ono Band.
The song is a protest about the Vietnam War in 1969. It has become a Christmas standard and has appeared on several Christmas albums.


Nottingham Express Transit

Nottingham Express Transit (or in short NET) is a light-rail tramway in the Nottingham area in England. The first line opened to the public on 9 March 2004. It cost £200 million to construct. It took 16 years from the first idea of the system until it was built. It is operated by Nottingham Tram Consortium, a 50:50 partnership between Transdev and Nottingham City Transport.

Queanbeyan

Queanbeyan is a city in New South Wales, Australia. It is also the local government area called Queanbeyan City Council. It is very close to the Australian federal capital city of Canberra. It is really now a part of the capital city as it is on the Australian Capital Territory border and is only from Canberra's CBD. The border itself is marked by a railway line. The Queanbeyan River flows through Queanbeyan, near the centre of the city.

The town grew from a farm owned by ex-convict inn keeper, Timothy Beard. It was on the banks of the Molonglo River. The original name was "Quinbean" which means ""clear waters"".

Queanbeyan became a township in 1838. There were about 50 people living there. Some of the important historic buildings still standing were built in the early days. Traces of gold were found in 1851. There were also some lead and silver mines. Settlers were often robbed by bushrangers including John Tennant, Jacky Jacky, Frank Gardiner and Ben Hall. In 1836, the government built a Post Office at Queanbeyan. 

The first bank was opened in Queanbeyan on 19 September, 1859. This was the Commercial Banking Company of Sydney Limited which is now part of the National Australia Bank. "The Golden Age" now called "The Queanbeyan Age" was Queanbeyan's first newspaper started in 1860 by John Gale. In 1880 John James Wright, the first mayor of Queanbeyan, built a house on the banks of the Queanbeyan River. In 1982 house became the Queanbeyan Art Centre.

The railway reached Queanbeyan railway station in 1887 and it became the junction for the lines going to Canberra and Bombala. There are now two trains a day, the Countrylink Xplorer service between Canberra and Sydney.

Queanbeyan became an important country town, with 16 hotels and six flour mills powered by wind, water, horse and steam. Canberra was started as the national capital in 1911. There were no hotels, so people crossed the border to get a drink at Queanbeyan's hotels. When the Parliament moved to Canberra from Melbourne in 1926, Canberra got it's first hotel.

Queanbeyan became a city on 7 July, 1972. From 1982 to 1989, the Canberra Raiders rugby league team played their home games in Queanbeyan, at Seiffert Oval.



Sarah Brightman

Sarah Brightman (born 14 August 1960) is an English classical crossover soprano, actress, songwriter and dancer.

She is the best-selling soprano of all times.



Philip IV of Spain

Philip IV (, ; 8 April 1605 – 17 September 1665) was King of Spain between 1621 and 1665. He was also sovereign of the Spanish Netherlands and King of Portugal until 1640.

His daughter was Marie Thérèse of Austria, wife of Louis XIV. All but three of his children died in childhood.



UTC+10:00

UTC+10:00 means a time zone that is 10 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time or UTC. UTC is the standard time zone of the world. Timezones are often named by how many hours they are different from UTC time. For example, UTC -5 (United States east coast) is 5 hours behind UTC. 

The UTC+10 time zone covers the following the east coast of Australia, Papua New Guinea, Micronesia, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands and parts of Russia. The map shows the time zone. There are differences with Daylight saving time:

In Australia UTC+10 is called Australian Eastern Standard Time or AEST.






Mount Erebus

Mount Erebus is a volcano on Ross Island in Antarctica. It is the most southern active volcano in the world.

Erebus is high.

On November 28, 1979, an airplane, Air New Zealand Flight 901, crashed into Mount Erebus during a storm. All 257 people in the airplane died.

Air New Zealand Flight 901

Air New Zealand Flight 901 was a flight that operated from 1977 to 1979. The flight did not stop in Antarctica. It was a sightseeing flight to Antarctica. It was supposed to loop between Auckland, New Zealand, and Antarctica. 

The flight's route had been changed without the crew's knowledge shortly before the plane took off. Because the weather conditions of the Antarctic were so bad (severely limiting visibility), and the crew believed they were following the original flight plan-the plane crashed straight into Mount Erebus. None of the 257 people on board the plane survived the crash. The original investigation showed it was the pilot's fault, but people protested and it led to an inquiry into the crash. The conclusion was the accident was caused by a correction made to the route the night before the disaster, and they failed to inform pilot Captain Jim Collins and co-pilot Greg Cassin.

Amborella

Amborella trichopoda is a small, evergreen shrub. It occurs only in the moist, shaded understory of montane forests on the South Pacific island of New Caledonia. The genus is the only member of the family Amborellaceae and contains only this single species.

"Amborella" is of great interest to plant systematists because molecular phylogenetic analyses put it at or near the base of the flowering plant lineage.

The Amborellaceae are distinctive. They are sprawling evergreen shrubs or small trees. Their tissue is different from any other Angiosperm. The xylem of "Amborella" contains only tracheids; vessel elements are absent. Xylem of this form has long been regarded as a "primitive" feature of flowering plants.

Since "Amborella" is apparently basal among the flowering plants, the features of early flowering plants can be inferred. This is done by comparing derived traits shared by other angiosperms but not present in "Amborella". These traits are assumed to have evolved after the divergence of the "Amborella" lineage.

The Amborellaceae are a line of flowering plants that diverged very early on (about 130 million years ago) from all the other living species of flowering plants. Among living flowering plants, it is the sister group to all other flowering plants.

"Amborella", an understory plant in the wild, is in contact with shade- and moisture-dependent organisms such as algae, lichens and mosses. Some horizontal gene transfer between these species is not surprising. But the scale of such transfer has caused great surprise. Sequencing the "Amborella" mitochondrial genome showed that for every gene of its own origin, it has about six versions from the genomes from other plants and algae growing with or upon it. The evolutionary and physiological significance of this is not yet clear.

Sandon, British Columbia

Sandon, British Columbia is a mining town in British Columbia, Canada. It is also the place where Cecil 'Tiny' Thompson was born.

UTC+11:00

UTC+11:00 means a time zone that is 11 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time or UTC. UTC is the standard time zone of the world. Time zones are often named by how many hours they are different from UTC time. For example, UTC -5 (United States east coast) is 5 hours behind UTC. 

In Australia, Australian Eastern Standard Time (AEST) is normally UTC+10, but with Daylight saving time it becomes UTC+11.

UTC+11 is the time zone for the following places:



God is dead

"God is dead" (German: ) is a phrase by the German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche. It is also known as the death of God. The phrase is not meant literally. Instead it is about what value destruction has done to people's belief in Christianity. Some religious thinkers do take it literally though.

Nietzsche wrote this phrase in his book "The Gay Science" (). He also used the phrase in his book "Thus Spoke Zarathustra" ().

The idea is written in "The Gay Science"'s section "The Madman" as follows:

"God is dead" does not mean that Nietzsche believed in an actual "God" who had died literally. Nietzsche is also not saying that atheists are right. Instead, the phrase means that everything built on Christianity will fall apart because "the belief in the Christian God has become unbelievable". He says it is impossible to have a Christian or pseudo-Christian morality without the belief in God. This was a problem he had with many modern sceptics.

The "Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy" says that even though the basis of Christianity was meant to have been unbreakable, it is already broken. In fact, it has been much more than anyone could ever understand. This also means that without God, morals are not unquestionable or undoubtable anymore. Nietzsche says that when these morals are shown to be false they are also shown to be harmful. Also, trying to remove these harmful morals causes even more harm. This is because people have become dependent on them. He also says that the most harmful parts of morality have taken control of how we understand ourselves. Therefore, we don't know how to live without this harmful morality. Because of this, the death of God leads to many kinds of nihilism. Nietzsche says that Christianity itself is a kind of nihilism.

Jean-François Le Sueur

Jean-François Le Sueur (or Lesueur) (15 February 1760 — 6 October 1837) was a French composer, best known for his oratorios and operas.

Jean-François Le Sueur was born in a tiny village called Plessiel, near Abbeville. His great-uncle was the painter Eustache Le Sueur. He started his musical training by singing in the choir at the church of Abbeville, then at the cathedral of Amiens. Le Sueur became chorus master at the cathedral of Sées. He went to Paris to study harmony. His teacher was Abbé Nicolas Roze, chorus master at the church Saints-Innocents. Le Sueur got jobs at Dijon (1779), Le Mans (1782), Tours (1783) and then took over Roze’s job at the Saints-Innocents at Paris. In 1786 he was made music director at the famous church Notre-Dame de Paris.

At Notre Dame he started to use orchestras to play the music for some of the special services. The priests did not like this. Le Sueur replied by writing a little book about music for big religious celebrations. It was a bad time in France financially and the church had to make savings, so Le Sueur could not have his orchestra any more, so he resigned from his job.

Le Sueur spent some time in London, 1788–92, then returned to Paris where the revolution was going on. Three of his operas were performed, and he became professor at the École de la Garde Nationale, and then at the Conservatoire which was very new at the time. There he taught basic music theory. He was unable to get any more operas of his performed. He wrote a book saying how music should be taught in France, and criticizing the Conservatoire and its director. Because of that he lost his job at the Conservatoire.

Le Sueur now had no job and so he was very poor. Then, in 1804, Napoleon made him maître de la chapelle at the Tuileries in the place of Giovanni Paisiello. He was then able to have his most famous work performed at the Opéra. It was called "Ossian ou Les bardes". Napoleon liked it very much and gave Le Sueur the cross of the Légion d'honneur. Le Sueur composed the "Triumphal March" for the coronation of Napoleon. In 1813, he was given a position at the Académie des Beaux-Arts, replacing André Grétry.

At the Bourbon Restoration, he was named composer of the royal chapel and conductor of the orchestra of the Opéra. From the beginning of 1818, he taught composition at the Conservatoire. He stayed there many years. His most famous pupils were Hector Berlioz, Ambroise Thomas and Charles Gounod.

He died in Paris.

Anton Reicha

Anton Reicha (born 26 February 1770; died 28 May 1836) was a Czech-born composer who became naturalized French. He was a lifelong friend of Beethoven.
Reicha is now best remembered for the large number of quintets that he wrote for wind instruments, and for his work as a music teacher. Franz Liszt and Hector Berlioz were both pupils of Reicha. Reicha wrote several books about music theory and composition.

British Rail Class 01

British Rail's Class 01 diesel locomotives were a short wheelbase 0-4-0 diesel-mechanical design intended for use in areas with tight curves and limited clearance.

British Rail Class 02

The British Rail Class 02 were a class of twenty 0-4-0 diesel-hydraulic shunting locomotives. They were built by the Yorkshire Engine Company in 1960 (first ten, D2850-D2859) and 1961 (D2860-D2869). They were built for use in places of restricted loading gauge and curves such as docks. They had the door to the cab at the rear, with a railed veranda behind the cab. This feature was very unusual on British Rail locomotives. It was used on many Yorkshire Engine Co. designs and was/is quite normal in North American practice.

British Rail Class 03

The British Rail Class 03 locomotive is, together with Class 04, one of BR's most successful smaller 0-6-0 diesel-mechanical shunters. There are 230 members of the class and it was built by British Railways' Swindon and Doncaster works in 1957-1962. They are numbered D2000-D2199 and D2370-D2399 (later 03004 to 03399). D2370 and D2371 were used as departmental locomotives and originally numbered 91 and 92 respectively.

British Rail Class 04

The British Rail Class 04 0-6-0 diesel-mechanical shunting locomotive class was built between 1952 and 1962. It was the basis for the later Class 03 built in the British Railways workshops. The Class 04 locomotives were supplied by the Drewry Car Co., which at the time (and for most of its existence) had no manufacturing capability. Drewry sub-contracted the construction work to two builders. Both of these built other locomotives under the same arrangement. Early locomotives were built by Vulcan Foundry and later examples were built by Robert Stephenson and Hawthorns.

Tajik people

Tajiks () are a Iranian ethnic group who are mostly found in Tajikistan, parts of Afghanistan, Uzbekistan, Pakistan and China. Alternative names for the Tajiks are Eastern Persian, Dehqan, and Farsiwan. After the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979, many Tajik refugees migrated to live in neighboring Iran and Pakistan. Most Tajiks are Sunni Muslims, but a few in remote mountain areas follow Ismailism.

The name "Tajik" refers to the traditionally sedentary people who speak a form of Persian language called "Tajiki" in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan, "Madaklashti" in Pakistan and "Dari" in Afghanistan.

It is generally accepted that the origin of the word "Tajik" is Middle Persian "Tāzīk" "Arab" (New Persian: "Tazi"), or an Iranian (Sogdian or Parthian) cognate word. Some Turks of Central Asia adopted a variant of this word, "Täžik", to designate the Persian Muslims in the Oxus basin and Khorasan, who were the Turks' rivals. 

Historians believe that the Tajiks may be connected to ancient Aryans who lived in the region for thousands of years. They were the heirs and transmitters of the Central Asian sedentary culture that diffused in prehistoric times from the Iranian plateau into an area extending roughly from the Caspian Sea to the borders of China. The Aryans constituted the core of the ancient population of Khwarezm, Sogdiana and Bactria, which formed part of Transoxania. They were included in the empires of Persia and Alexander the Great, and they mixed with later invaders like the Mauryans, Kushans and Hepthalites. Over the course of time, the language that was used by these ancient people eventually gave way to Farsi, a western dialect now officially spoken in Iran, Afghanistan and Tajikistan. In the 13th century, Genghis Khan and his Mongol army settled in many of the popular Persian cities after wiping out the Persian population. These Mongols later adopted the Persian language and the religion of Islam, the Persian-speaking Hazaras claiming partial descent from them. Tajiks usually reject a Mongol or Turkic origin and claim to be descended from the ancient Iranians of Central Asia. However, historically, there has been heavy intermixing between the sedentary Turkic-speaking Central Asians and the Persian-speaking Central Asians




Heart-Shaped Box

"Heart-Shaped Box" is a song by the American grunge band Nirvana. It was written by lead singer and guitarist Kurt Cobain. It was released on August 23, 1993 as the first single from their third studio album "In Utero".

Cobain's wife Courtney Love thought the song was about her, although it was actually written about children with cancer.

British Rail Class 05

The British Rail Class 05 is a class of 0-6-0 diesel-mechanical shunters built by Hunslet Engine Company from 1955 to 1961. They were used on the Eastern and Scottish Regions of British Railways. At first they were numbered 11136-11176 and later on were numbered D2550-D2619.

British Rail Class 06

The British Rail Class 06 is a class of 0-4-0 diesel-mechanical shunters built by Andrew Barclay from 1958 to 1960 for use on the Scottish Region of British Railways. They were originally numbered D2410-D2444 and later given the TOPS numbers 06001-06010. 

Paul Thompson

Paul Ivan Thompson (born November 2, 1906 in Calgary, Alberta – September 13, 1991) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was a left wing. 

Thompson started playing in the National Hockey League (NHL) in 1926. He played for the New York Rangers and the Chicago Black Hawks. He stopped playing in 1939. 

He was part of the All-Star team two times. He won the Stanley Cup three times. He won in 1928 with New York and in 1934 and 1938 with Chicago.

His brother was Tiny Thompson.


Junior ice hockey

Junior ice hockey, most often referred to as junior hockey, describes many levels of ice hockey play for players generally between the ages of 16 and 20 years old.

British Rail Class 07

The British Rail Class 07 diesel locomotive is an off-centre cab dock shunter. They were used in Southampton Docks, to replace SR USA Class steam locomotives. It is a 0-6-0 diesel-electric shunter built by Ruston & Hornsby in 1962. They were originally numbered D2985-D2998 and later given the TOPS numbers 07001(D2985)-07013(D2997), D2998.

Memorial Cup

The 'Memorial Cup is the trophy for the winners of the Canadian Hockey League (CHL). Every year, winning teams from the three CHL leagues, the Western Hockey League (WHL), the Ontario Hockey League (OHL), and the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL), and the hosting team, compete in a tournament. The Spokane Chiefs are the most recent winners.

British Rail Class 08

The British Rail Class 08 is a class of diesel locomotive designed for shunting. It was the standard BR diesel-electric shunter. It was based on the LMS 12033 series (later TOPS Class 11). Production started in 1953 and when it finished in 1962, the class had become the most numerous of all British classes, numbering 996 in total. There were also 26 of the near-identical but higher geared Class 09, and 171 similar locomotives fitted with different engines and transmissions (some of which became Class 10), which together brought the total number of outwardly-similar machines to 1193.

Since their introduction, rail freight has primarily moved to fixed-rate bulk freight traffic and intermodal freight operations which reduce or remove the need for shunting, therefore only a few class 08 locomotives remain in service today.

Yellow fever

Yellow fever is an acute viral haemorrhagic disease transmitted by infected mosquitoes. The illness can cause bleeding problems. It is called yellow because it makes the skin and the eyes yellow in color, like jaundice.

There is a vaccine which can stop the disease, but many people in Africa and South America are not vaccinated against it. The World Health Organization say that 200,000 people are made ill with yellow fever every year, and that 30,000 people die from it.

Yellow fever peaked in 1842, killing hundreds of people. There was an outbreak in Philadelphia in 1793.

Yellow fever is spread through the bite of an infected mosquito. The name of the mosquito which commonly carries the virus is "Aedes Aegypti". The female carries the disease.
The yellow fever originated in Central Africa.

Alexandra Burke

Alexandra Imelda Cecelia Ewan Burke (born 25 August 1988 in Islington, London, England) is a British soul singer. She is known for winning the 2008 UK series of "The X Factor". She had the 2008 Christmas number one single in the United Kingdom with a cover of Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah".

Opéra-Comique

The Opéra-Comique is an opera house and opera company in Paris. Its full name is théâtre national de l’Opéra-Comique ("National Opéra Comic Theatre").

The Opéra-Comique company was started in 1714 to give somewhere to perform French operas. At the time operas throughout Europe were nearly always in Italian. Opéra-comique (literally: Comic opera) was a French tradition. The operas in this tradition were performed with spoken dialogue between the musical numbers. This is why the opera house and company were given that name.

The Opéras-Comiques were more popular and less formal that the traditional Italian operas that were performed at the Académie Royale de Musique. During the three centuries of its existence there have been several changes to it. For a time the Opéra-Comique and the Opéra were organized by the same institution.

The Opéra-Comique put on first performances of many famous operas, especially Bizet's "Carmen" on 3 March 1875 and Debussy's only opera, "Pelléas et Mélisande", on 30 April 1902. Berlioz's "The Damnation of Faust" was also first performed there on 6 December 1846. That first performance was a disaster.
The building in which the Opéra-Comique performs is called the "salle Favart,". It is not the same building as in 1714. Two previous buildings were burnt down in 1838 and 1887. The present building was built in 1898.


Walter Scott

Sir Walter Scott, 1st Baronet, FRSE (15 August 1771 – 21 September 1832) was a Scottish historical novelist, playwright, and poet, widely popular in the first half of the 19th century.

Scott was the first English-language author to have a truly international career in his lifetime. As adventures, "Ivanhoe", and "Rob Roy" are very well-known, and both were made into films. "Waverley" is important because it is the first historical novel. It was, for most readers, their first encounter with Highland culture. Scott wove together history and fiction. What he started with "Waverley", he continued with his other novels.

Scott wrote very many books. Though many of his works are little read now, they sold well in their day, and paid for his great house, Abbotsford. Of his poetry "The Lady of the Lake" is best liked. 

Scott was also an advocate, judge and legal administrator by profession. Throughout his career he combined his writing and editing work with his daily occupation as Clerk of Session and Sheriff-Depute of Selkirkshire.

A prominent member of the Tory establishment in Edinburgh, Scott was an active member of the Highland Society and served a long term as President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (1820–32).

Scott was educated at Edinburgh High and the University of Edinburgh, graduating in 1783. After spending some time in his father's office he became a barrister in 1792. In 1797 he married Charlotte Charpentier and in 1799 was appointed deputy Sheriff of Selkirkshire. He now began to write books in earnest.
In 1821 he was made a baronet. His house is now a public museum visited by many tourists each year.

In 1825 and 1826, a banking crisis swept through the cities of London and Edinburgh. The Ballantyne printing business, in which he was heavily invested, crashed. Scott was ruined. He placed his house and income in a trust belonging to his creditors, and set out to write his way out of debt. 

He kept up his huge output of fiction, as well as producing a biography of Napoleon Bonaparte. By 1831 his health was failing. Still, he did a grand tour of Europe, where he was welcomed wherever he went. He returned to Scotland and, in September 1832, died at Abbotsford, near Melrose in the Roxburghshire. Though he died owing money, his novels continued to sell well. The debts of his estate were eventually discharged.

British Rail Class 09

The British Rail Class 09 is a class of 0-6-0 diesel locomotive designed primarily for shunting but also short distance freight trips along branch lines. For this reason, though similar to the existing Class 08 shunting locomotives, Class 09s were re-geared to give a maximum top speed of 27.5 mph (44 km/h) at the expense of a lower tractive effort. They originally operated in the Southern Region of British Railways, though following privatisation in 1997 they have been distributed much farther afield.

British Rail Class 10

The British Rail Class 10 diesel locomotive was a version on the Class 08 diesel-electric shunter. A Blackstone diesel engine was fitted instead of one made by the English Electric company. Traction motors were by either the General Electric Company plc (GEC) or British Thomson-Houston (BTH). 

The locomotives were built at the BR Works in Darlington and Doncaster over the period 1953-62. Early batches were classified D3/4 (those with GEC motors) and D3/5 (those with BTH motors).

British Rail Class 11

The British Rail Class 11 is a diesel shunting locomotive built from April 1945 to December 1952. They are based on a similar earlier batch built by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) between 1934 and 1936.

British Rail Class 12

The British Rail Class 12 is a diesel locomotive built mainly for shunting duties. 

This was the second batch of standard Southern Railway shunters based on the English Electric 6KT 35 hp (260kW) diesel engine. These locomotives (BR numbers 15201-15203) were built by the SR in 1937 and were later classified D3/12. 

The Class 12 locomotives were built at the BR Ashford Works over the period 1949–1952. They were numbered 15211–15236 and became Class 12. No locomotives survived long enough to acquire Class 12 TOPS numbers though.

British Rail Class 13

The British Rail Class 13 was formed in 1965. The Tinsley Marshalling Yard needed more powerful shunters to move vehicles around. This was provided by permanently coupling together two Class 08 shunters as a ‘master and slave’ (or ‘cow and calf’) unit. The second of the two units had its cab taken off. Both units were ballasted to improve traction. At first the units were coupled cab-to-cab but it was easier to couple Master nose to Slave cab. The thinking behind adopting this dual locomotive design is that a larger, rigid locomotive could not be used due to the risk of grounding on the hump.

British Rail Class 14

The British Rail Class 14 is a type of small diesel-hydraulic locomotive built in the mid-1960s. Twenty-six of these 0-6-0 locomotives were ordered in January 1963, to be built at British Railways Swindon railway works. The anticipated work for this class was yard shunting, trip work (between local yards) and short-distance freight trains. The order was expanded to 56 in mid-1963, before work had started on the first order.

British Rail Class 15

The British Rail Class 15 diesel locomotives, also known as the BTH Type 1, were designed by British Thomson-Houston, and built by the Yorkshire Engine Company and the Clayton Equipment Company, between 1957 and 1961.

British Rail Class 16

The British Rail Class 16, originally known as the North British Type 1 was a type of diesel locomotive ordered under British Railways' . Like other Type 1 designs, they were relatively small locomotives intended primarily for local freight traffic.

British Rail Class 17

The British Rail Class 17, originally known as the Clayton Type 1, was a class of diesel locomotive operated by British Railways.

British Rail Class 20

The British Rail Class 20, originally known as an English Electric Type 1, was a class of diesel electric locomotive. 228 locomotives in the class were built by English Electric between 1957 and 1968. The large number was partly to do with the failure of other early designs in the same power range, and reliable locomotives being needed.

The locomotives were originally numbered D8000–D8199 and D8300–D8327. They are known by railway enthusiasts as "Choppers", a name taken from the distinctive beat the engine produces under load which resembles the sound of a helicopter.

Pawn (chess)

The pawn (♙♟) is the weakest piece in the game of chess. They represent infantry. Each player starts the game with eight pawns, one on each square of the second row (or rank) from the view of the player. In the white pawns start on a2, b2, c2, ..., h2, while the black pawns start on a7, b7, c7, ..., h7.

Pawns move differently than other pieces. Unlike all the other pieces, pawns cannot move backwards. Most of the time, a pawn moves by going up a single square, but the first time each pawn is moved from its starting place, it can go forward two squares. Pawns cannot use the first two-square move to jump over a square with another piece on it or to capture. Any piece in front of a pawn, white or black, stops its moving. If a pawn touches the other side it is exchanged by either a queen, a rook, a bishop or a knight. 

The white pawn at e4 can capture either the black rook at d5 or the black knight at f5, but not the bishop at e5, which blocks its straight way forward. Unlike other pieces, the pawn does not capture in the same way as it moves. A pawn captures diagonally, one square forward and to the left or right. In the diagram to the left, the white pawn can capture either the black rook or the black knight.

An even more unusual move is the "en passant" capture.
En passant happens when a pawn uses its first-move option to move two squares forward instead of one. If it passes over a square guarded by an enemy pawn, that pawn can take the first pawn "in passing" "as if" the first pawn had moved forward only one square. The taking pawn moves into the empty square over which the first pawn moved. The first pawn is removed from the board. To capture "en passant" can only be done on the move right after the double-square pawn advance. Otherwise the chance is lost.

The "en passant" move was added in late fifteenth-century Europe, to make up for the then newly added two-square first move rule. We have no record of why the rule was added, but it is easy to see that it works to prevent the position becoming blocked and uninteresting.

Once a pawn reaches the other side of the board and cannot move further, it is promoted, meaning it can become any other piece on the board, except the king. Players usually promote their pawns to a queen because it is the next most-powerful piece on the board.

As the simplest piece in chess, the pawn was in the oldest version of chess, Chaturanga. It is present in all other types of chess around the world.

The changes which took place in the fifteenth century were aimed at allowing the pieces to develop faster, and make the game more exciting.

British Rail Class 21

The British Rail Class 21, originally known as the North British Type 2 diesel-electric, was a type of diesel locomotive built by the North British Locomotive Company in Glasgow for British Railways in 1958-1960.

Starting in 2007, the classification has been reused for new Vossloh G1206 acquired by Euro Cargo Rail/EWS.

British Rail Class 22

The British Rail Class 22, originally called the North British Type 2 diesel-hydraulic, was a class of diesel-hydraulic locomotives designed for the Western Region of British Railways and built by North British Locomotive Company. They were very similar in appearance to the Class 21 diesel-electrics. The Class 22 was nicknamed "Baby Warship" because of its similarity to the British Rail Class D20/2.

Category:Locomotives by builder
British Rail Class 23

British Rail Class 23, originally called English Electric Type 2, was a class of ten diesel-electric locomotives built by the English Electric Company in 1959. They were numbered from D5900 to D5909. The power unit was a Napier Deltic T9-29 9 cylinder engine of 1,100 bhp. This drove an EE generator, which powered the four traction motors. The Class 23 was nicknamed "Baby Deltic" because of its similarity to the Class 55.

British Rail Class 24

The British Rail Class 24 diesel locomotives, originally known as the British Railways Type 2, were built from 1958 to 1961. One hundred and fifty-one of these locomotives were built at Derby, Crewe and Darlington. The first twenty locomotives were part of the 1955 British Rail modernisation plan. This class was used as the basis for the more powerful Class 25 locomotives.

The final survivor, no. 24081, was withdrawn from Crewe depot in 1980.

British Rail Class 25

The British Rail Class 25 diesel locomotives were originally known as British Railways Type 2. They were nicknamed Rats. 327 locomotives of this type were built between 1961 and 1967.

British Rail Class 26

The British Rail Class 26 diesel locomotives, originally known as BRCW Type 2, were built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company (BRCW) at Smethwick in 1958-59. Forty seven examples were built, and the last were withdrawn from service in 1993. 

British Rail Class 27

The British Rail Class 27 was a diesel locomotive built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company (BRCW) during 1961 and 1962. They were a development of the earlier Class 26. Both were originally classified as BRCW Type 2. There were 69 locomotives in the class.

British Rail Class 28

The British Rail Class 28, originally known as Metropolitan-Vickers Type 2, diesel locomotives were built as part of the British Railways Modernisation Plan. The locomotives had a Co-Bo wheel arrangement. There was a 6-wheel bogie at one end a 4-wheel bogie at the other end. This wheel arrangement was unique in British Railways practice but not uncommon in some other countries, notably Japan. This affected their route availability, due to the different axle loading at each end of the loco, and made maintenance more complicated. The maximum tractive effort was unusually high for a Type 2 locomotive but, as there were five (not four) driving axles, the risk of wheelslip was minimal.

D5705 is preserved at the East Lancashire Railway.

British Rail Class 29

The British Rail Class 29 consisted of 20 diesel locomotives which were rebuilt from the North British Class 21. The original licence-built MAN engines of the Class 21s had proved unreliable, so in 1963 locomotive D6123 was sent to Paxman's Colchester works to receive a new Paxman Ventura V12 engine. A further 19 were re-engined in 1964–1965 at Polmadie Works, with other changes made at the same time. This included the fitting of four-character headcode displays in the nose ends. After rebuilding, they returned to service from Eastfield depot in Glasgow.

Although these offered more power and much improved reliability over the original Class 21s, they did not survive much longer, due to their small class size and the use of a non-standard high-speed diesel engine. D6108 was withdrawn in May 1969 and scrapped by McWilliams of Shettleston in 1971, while the other 19 were withdrawn between April and December 1971 and scrapped at BR's Glasgow Works in 1971–72. No Class 21 or Class 29 locomotives survive today.

Chess piece

In the board game chess, the players each start with 16 Chess pieces. The way that the pieces move are defined by both tradition and by FIDE, the international chess federation. 


The bottom-right square of the board for each player must be a light-square, Chess is a wonderful game that challenges the mind.

Pawn - A pawn can only move ahead to the opponents side of the board. It cannot go back a square. A pawn is placed on each square in front of a player's pieces in the beginning of a game. All of White's pawns start on the second rank. All of Black's pawns start on the seventh rank. Each player begins with eight pawns. In most cases, a pawn can only move one square up. However, a pawn that has not moved at all during the game can move up by two squares. 

If an enemy piece is straight in front of a pawn, the pawn cannot capture that piece. Pawns have a special way to capture. A pawn can capture an enemy piece which is on the diagonal square to the left or right of the square in front of it. This is the only time a pawn can move to a square that is not straight in front of it.

If a pawn reaches the end of the board, it is removed and replaced by any other piece the player chooses, except a king or pawn.

If a pawn moves two squares on its first move, it may be taken (on the opponent's next move only) by an enemy pawn as if it had only moved one square. This is called ""en passant"" (French for "in passing"). A pawn is worth 1 point.

Bishop - A bishop can move any number of squares "diagonally", meaning, if you pretend the bishop is in the middle of a big X, it can move to any square along the lines of the X. Because of this, a bishop will be on the same colored squares for the whole game. At the start, a bishop is placed on the third from the left and third from the right of the row of pieces closest to each player. A bishop is worth 3 points. 

Knight - The knight is special because it is the only piece than can jump over other pieces. When a knight moves, first it goes two squares in one of the four ways a rook can move. Then the knight ends its move by going one square to the side. The knight is said to move in the shape of an L. See the picture "(picture is coming)". It "jumps over" the pieces on its way to its new square, and does not capture them, but the knight will capture an enemy piece if it lands on one. Knights are placed at the second and seventh squares on the rows closest to each player, between the rooks and the bishops. A knight is worth 3 points.

Rook - A rook can move any number of squares: left or right on the ranks, and up & down on the files. Rooks start at the far left and far right squares in the row closest to each player, next to the knights. A rook is worth 5 points.

Queen - The queen combines the moves of a bishop and a rook. The queen is placed next to the king "on a square of its own colour". Thus the two queens exactly face each other at the start. The queen is worth 9 points.

King - The king starts next to the queen. The king can move to one of the eight squares around it. It is limited as an active piece, but always is vulnerable to attack. No numerical value can be put on it.

A king may perform a special move known as "castling". This is when a king moves two spaces towards a rook, and the rook moves to the square on the other side of the king. This may not be done if: 

Solanales

The Solanales are an order of flowering plants, included in the asterid group of dicotyledons. Some older sources used the name Polemoniales for this order.

British Rail Class 31

The British Rail Class 31 diesel locomotives, also known as the Brush Type 2 and originally as Class 30, were built by Brush Traction from 1957 to 1962.

British Rail Class 33

The British Rail Class 33 also known as the BRCW Type 3 or Crompton is a class of Bo-Bo diesel locomotives ordered in 1957 and built for the Southern Region of British Railways between 1959 and 1963.

A total of 98 class 33s were built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company, and they were called "Cromptons" after the Crompton Parkinson electrical equipment installed in them.

Like their lower-powered BRCW sisters (BR classes 26 and 27) their bodywork and cab ends were of all steel construction

The original (1957) number sequence was D6500–D6597.

British Rail Class 35

The British Rail Class 35 is a class of mixed traffic B-B diesel locomotive with hydraulic transmission. On account of their Mekydro-design hydraulic transmission units, the design became known as the Hymeks.

The type was developed for the Western Region of British Railways, which had opted for lightweight locomotives with hydraulic transmission when allocated funds under the British Railways Modernisation Plan of 1955. One hundred and one of the class were built between 1961 and 1964 when it became apparent that there was a requirement for a medium power diesel-hydraulic design for both secondary passenger work and freight duties.

They were allocated to Bristol Bath Road, Cardiff Canton and Old Oak Common. None of the class was named. Withdrawal from service began in 1971, and by 1975 all had been withdrawn. Their early withdrawal was caused, primarily, by BR classifying the hydraulic transmission as non-standard. Four examples survived into preservation.

British Rail Class 37

The British Rail Class 37 is a diesel-electric locomotive. It is also known as the English Electric Type 3. The Class was ordered as part of the British Rail modernisation plan.

The Class 37 became a familiar sight on many parts of the British Rail network. They were on Inter-City services in East Anglia and within Scotland. They also performed well on secondary and inter-regional services for many years. The Class 37 is known by railway enthusiasts as a "Tractor". This nickname came from the similarity of the sound of the locomotive.

British Rail Class 40

The British Rail Class 40 is a type of British railway diesel locomotive. Built by English Electric between 1958 and 1962, and eventually numbering 200, they were for a time the pride of the British Rail early diesel fleet. Despite their initial success, by the time the last examples were entering service they were already being replaced on some top-link duties by more powerful locomotives. As they were slowly relegated from express passenger uses, the type found work on secondary passenger and freight services where they worked for many years, the final locomotives being retired from regular service in 1985.

Asterids

In the APG II system, for the classification of flowering plants, asterids are a clade of eudicots. That means they are a monophyletic group.

The clade includes 17 orders in the traditional Linnaean system. 

Common examples include the forget-me-nots, nightshades, potatoes, eggplants, tomatoes, peppers, tobacco, petunias, morning glory, sweet potato, coffee, lavender, lilac, olive, jasmine, honeysuckle, ash tree, teak, snapdragon, sesame, psyllium, garden sage, and a number of table herbs such as mint, basil, and rosemary.

Eudicots

Eudicots or eudicotyledons are a group of flowering plants. They are one of two major clades, the "non-magnoliid dicots". Their sister group is the Magnoliids, a much smaller group.

The dicots and monocots are the flowering plants which took over in the long Cretaceous period. They largely replaced the earlier types of plants. Of the old forests of the Mesozoic era, only the conifers are still common today.

The big groups of eudicots are the rosids and asterids (together 70% of angiosperms). Monocots make up most of the rest.

A few examples of eudicots are forget-me-not, cabbage, apple, dandelion, buttercup, maple and macadamia.

The tree forms of flowering plants evolved during the Cretaceous period. These began to displace the conifers during the Tertiary era (66 to 2 million years ago). Forests covered much of the globe before the climate cooled.

Caryophyllales

Caryophyllales is a flowering plant order that includes the cacti, carnations, amaranths, ice plants, and most carnivorous plants. Many members are succulent, having fleshy stems or leaves.


British Rail Class 41

There have been two distinct types of British Rail locomotive that are referred to as Class 41.


British Rail Class 42

British Railways' (BR) Type 4 "Warship" class diesel-hydraulic locomotives were introduced in 1958. It was apparent at that time that the largest centre of expertise on diesel-hydraulic locomotives was in Germany. The Western Region of British Railways (in view of post-World War II sensibilities) negotiated a licence with German manufacturers to scale down the German Federal Railway's "V200" design to suit the smaller loading gauge of the British network, and to allow British manufacturers to construct the new design. The resultant design bears a close resemblance both cosmetically and in the engineering employed. They were divided into two batches: examples built at BR's Swindon works were numbered in the series D800 to D832 and from D866 to D870, had a maximum tractive effort of 52,400 pounds force and are the British Rail Class 42 of this article. 33 others, D833-865, were constructed by the North British Locomotive Company and became British Rail Class 43. They were allocated to Bristol Bath Road, Plymouth Laira, Newton Abbot and Old Oak Common.

British Rail Class 43

There have been two types of British Rail locomotive that have been allocated Class 43.


British Rail Class 44

The British Rail Class 44 or Sulzer Type 4 diesel locomotives were built by British Railways' Derby Works between 1959 and 1960. They were named after British mountains, and were then nicknamed Peaks.

British Rail Class 45

The British Rail Class 45 also known as the Sulzer Type 4 diesel locomotives were built by British Rail at their Derby and Crewe Works between 1960 and 1962. They were the successors to the Class 44 locomotives. When initially put into service the locomotives were fitted with multi-unit working and steam heating boilers for passenger service. In the early 1970s fifty were fitted with electric train supply in place of their steam heating boilers, and assigned to work services on the Midland Main Line from London St Pancras to Nottingham, Derby and Sheffield. All were withdrawn from service by 1989.

British Rail Class 46

The British Rail Class 46 is a class of diesel locomotive. They were built from 1961–1963 at British Railways' Derby Works and were initially numbered D138-D193. With the arrival of TOPS computer system they were renumbered to Class 46. Fifty-six locomotives were built. The first was withdrawn in 1977 and all of them were withdrawn by 1984.

The Class 46 design was structurally the same as the earlier Class 45 build, and had the same Sulzer engine. It differed in the fitment of a Brush generator and traction motors, in place of the Crompton Parkinson equipment fitted to the Class 45.

British Rail Class 47

The British Rail Class 47 (Originally Brush Type 4) is a class of British railway diesel-electric locomotive that was developed in the 1960s by Brush Traction. A total of 512 Class 47s were built at Crewe Works and Brush's Falcon Works, Loughborough between 1962 and 1968, which made them the most numerous class of British mainline diesel locomotive.

They were fitted with the Sulzer 12LDA28C twelve-cylinder diesel engine producing (later derated to 2580 bhp to improve reliability), and have been used on both passenger and freight trains on Britain's railways for over 40 years. Despite the introduction of more modern types of traction, as of 2008 a significant number are still in use, both on the mainline and on heritage railways. As of December 2008, 103 locomotives still exist, with 29 working on the mainline.

British Rail Class 48

The British Rail Class 48 was a diesel locomotive class which consisted of five examples, built at Brush Falcon Works in Loughborough and delivered between September 1965 and July 1966. They were part of the British Rail Class 47 order, but differed from their classmates by being fitted with a Sulzer V12 12LVA24 power unit producing , as opposed to the standard 12LDA28C twin-bank twelve-cylinder unit of the remaining fleet.

British Rail Class 50

The British Rail (BR) Class 50 is a diesel locomotive built from 1967–68 by English Electric at their Vulcan Foundry Works in Newton-le-Willows. Fifty of these locomotives were built to haul express passenger trains on the, then non-electrified, section of the West Coast Main Line between Crewe, Carlisle and Scotland. They were originally hired from English Electric Leasings, not being purchased outright by BR until around 1973. Under the pre-1968 classification system these locomotives were known as the English Electric Type 4. The class were affectionately nicknamed "Hoovers" by rail enthusiasts because of their distinctive engine sound, caused by the centrifugal air filters originally fitted. These proved unreliable, and were later removed, but the "Hoover" nickname stuck.

British Rail Class 52

British Rail assigned Class 52 to the class of 74 large Type 4 diesel-hydraulic locomotives built for the Western Region of British Railways between 1961 and 1964. All were given two-word names, with the first word being "Western", and thus the type became known as Westerns.

British Rail Class 53

British Rail gave the name Class 53 to the single Brush Traction-built example train Falcon. Although it worked, the idea of Class 53 was made old by new locomotive technology (like the power from single low-speed diesel engines) and was never made twice.

British Rail Class 55

The British Rail Class 55 is a class of diesel locomotive built between 1961 and 1962 by English Electric. They were designed for the high-speed express passenger services on the East Coast Main Line between London King's Cross and Edinburgh. They gained the name "Deltic" from the prototype locomotive, DP1 "Deltic", which in turn was named for its Napier Deltic power units. 22 locomotives were built, and they dominated services on the line until their withdrawal at the end of 1981. Six locomotives were preserved and are still running today.

British Rail Class 56

The British Rail Class 56 is a type of diesel locomotive designed for heavy freight work. It is a Type 5 locomotive, with a Ruston-Paxman power unit developing 3,250bhp (2,423kW), and has a Co-Co wheel arrangement. The fleet was introduced between 1976 and 1983.

The first thirty locomotives (Nos.56001-56030) were built by Electroputere in Romania, but these suffered from poor construction standards, and many were withdrawn from service early. The remaining 105 locomotives were built by BREL at Doncaster Works (Nos.56031 to 56115) and Crewe Works (Nos.56116 to 56135). Enthusiasts nicknamed them "Grids", likely due to the grid-like horn cover on the locomotive's cab ends. The 'Grid' name was given due to the fact that class 56 locomotives were the main motive power used on merry-go-round coal deliveries to national grid power stations.

British Rail Class 57

The British Rail Class 57 diesel locomotives is a diesel locomotive that was built by Brush Traction between 1997 and 2004. They are rebuilds, with new engines, of older Class 47 locomotives, originally introduced in 1964–1965. They are known as "bodysnatchers", or "Zombies" to enthusiasts, because the shell (body) of the class 47 has been stripped, rewired and re-engined. The first ever class 57 named was “Freightliner Envoy” after the first one entering Freightliner.

British Rail Class 58

The British Rail Class 58 is a class of Co-Co diesel locomotive designed for heavy freight. Introduced in 1982, they followed American practice of modularisation. From new they were painted in grey Railfreight Sector livery, instead of BR blue. EWS withdrew them in 2002 after 20 years in service, though 30 were subsequently hired abroad—four to the Netherlands, eight to Spain, and twenty to France.

British Rail Class 59

The Class 59 Co-Co diesel locomotives were built and introduced between 1985 and 1995 by General Motors Electro-Motive Diesel (EMD) for private British companies, initially Foster Yeoman. They were designed for hauling heavy freight and designated JT26CW-SS.

British Rail Class 60

The British Rail Class 60 is a class of Co-Co diesel locomotive designed for heavy freight work. While they remain the most powerful diesel locomotives in the UK fleet they have suffered from poor reliability throughout their service life.

British Rail Class 66

The Class 66 locomotive is a development of the Class 59 and used both on British and European railway networks—where it is marketed as EMD Series 66. 

British Rail Class 67

The Class 67 locomotives are a type of Diesel electric locomotives built from 1999 to 2000 by Alstom in Valencia, Spain under sub-contract from General Motors Diesel in Canada.

British Rail Class 70

The British Rail class 70 was a class of three 3rd rail Co-Co electric locomotives. The initial two were built by the Southern Railway at Ashford Works in 1941 and 1945 and were numbered CC1 and CC2. Electrical equipment was designed by Alfred Raworth and the body by Oliver Bulleid. CC2 was modified slightly from the original design by C. M. Cock who had succeeded Raworth as Electrical Engineer. The third was built by British Railways in 1948 and numbered 20003.

Freightliner Project Genesis

The Class 70 is a British designation for a type of diesel locomotive made by General Electric, which calls the type PowerHaul. The first were built for Freightliner (UK) by General Electric in a country in the USA.

On 10 January 2011, while being unloaded by a crane from a boat after delivery, locomotive number 70012 was dropped from about 13 feet in the air back into the boat. 

Balaenoptera omurai

Balaenoptera omurai is a species of whale. Little is known about it. It is called the dwarf fin whale, the little fin whale, or Omura's whale. It gets up to 11. 5 meters (about 38 feet) long. It lives in the Indo-Pacific.

"Balaenoptera omurai" is one of the Bryde's whales, a group of closely related and similar whales.

Rook (chess)

A rook (from Persian رخ "rokh") is a piece in the board game of chess. It gets its name from its name in the old Indo-Arabic game (see History of chess). Each player starts the game with two rooks. When recording games, it is shortened to R, and when printed a figurine is used.

In chess notation, the white rooks start on the "a1" and "h1" squares, and the black rooks start on the "a8" and "h8" squares. 

The rook moves forward or back on the files through any number of squares without other pieces on them, and sideways on the ranks. This is shown in the diagram below. Like other pieces, it captures by going into the square on which an enemy piece stands. 

The rook and king also take part in a special move called castling.

Angels &amp; Airwaves

Angels and Airwaves (AvA) is an American alternative rock band. It was formed by Blink-182 singer and guitarist, Thomas DeLonge. The band’s current active lineup as a core trio, consists of Delonge, guitarist David Kennedy and drummer and bassist Ilan Rubin.

DeLonge created the band angels and airwaves to bring good music to people ears. The band performed amazing live performances and was well liked by Delonge's fans. Most of the songs have long built up intros with guitars, synthesizer, drums and keyboards. Delonge showed over time that his live voice had improved since his time singing for Blink 182. 

Angels and Airwaves released their first album, "We Don't Need To Whisper" in 2005. The second studio album, "I-Empire" was released in October 2007. It was a more lighthearted album with a faster beat. AvA has toured very much. They have said that they will be playing for the second year in a row at Vans Warped tour. They will be playing the entire tour. 

Seven years after The Dream Walker (2014), Angels and Airwaves released their 6th album, Lifeforms. 

DeLonge has covered a few songs from Blink 182 but he has never played the full song in respect to his former band mates. He has played slowed versions of "Down", "I Miss You", "Not Now", and "Reckless Abandon". He only plays these songs by himself with his guitar.


Kolathur

Kolathur () is a town in Salem district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. As of the 2001 India census, Kolathur had a population of 10,319. Males make up 53% of the population and females 47%. A total of 9% of the population is under 6 years of age.

Martha Jones (Doctor Who)

Dr. Martha Jones is a fictional character who is played by Freema Agyeman in the television series "Doctor Who" and its spin-off series, "Torchwood". She is a companion of the Tenth Doctor in "Doctor Who", replacing Rose Tyler in the role of the main companion. She made her first appearance in Series 3's "Smith and Jones", broadcast in the UK on 31 March 2007.

Martha Jones is introduced in the 2007 series of "Doctor Who", first appearing in the episode "Smith and Jones". When the hospital she works at is moved to the Moon, Martha helps save the day alongside an alien time traveller known only as the Doctor (David Tennant). To thank her for her help, the Doctor invites her to join him for one trip in his time machine the TARDIS, but he later accepts her as his full-time "companion", admitting that she was "never just a passenger", and he even gives her the key to the TARDIS. Nevertheless, she becomes frustrated because the Doctor does not realise her feelings for him, When the Doctor falls in love(while believing himself to be a human) in the "Human Nature"/"The Family of Blood" two-parter, a pained Martha claims "You had to go and fall in love with a human... and it wasn't me". In the last episode of the series she spends a year travelling the world in a plan which saves the Doctor and reverses time, undoing the Master's actions.
The character reappears in the 2008 series of the "Doctor Who" spin-off "Torchwood", which focuses on occasional "Doctor Who" companion Jack Harkness. She first appeared in the episode "Reset" as part of a three-episode story, 
Later in the Fourth Series of Doctor Who, Martha returns for a three-episode arc beginning with "The Sontaran Stratagem" and ending with "The Doctor's Daughter", Agyeman appears in the role again for the final two episodes of the series, "The Stolen Earth"/"Journey's End",where she has been promoted to a US division of UNIT.

Aside from television appearances, the character of Martha also appears in "Doctor Who" novels and comic books, some of which it is unknown if they are canon or not.

In books, Martha appears in the "New Series Adventures" series of "Doctor Who" novels, published by BBC Books. The first book published was a "Quick Reads" novel, "Made of Steel" by Terrance Dicks (published before her first television appearance), and the character subsequently appeared in all novels in the series, starting with "Sting of the Zygons" by Stephen Cole and most recently in "The Many Hands" by Dale Smith. Freema Aygeman appears as the character on the cover of every novel. In late 2008 "The Story of Martha", a collection of stories focusing on Martha's adventures between "The Sound of Drums" and "Last of the Time Lords", will be published.

In comic strip apperences,Martha has appeared in the "Doctor Who Magazine" strips from #381 onwards and the "Doctor Who Adventures" comics from #28 onwards. The character also appears in the "Battles in Time" series of comic books periodically. In 2007, American comic book publisher IDW Publishing announced their plans to do a series of Tenth Doctor and Martha comics for a America. When asked about canonicity, IDW executive editor Chris Ryall dodged the issue by saying all the comics are "blessed" by Russell T Davies but it is up to the individual how canonical each story is.

Martha also appears in a Radio 4 "Torchwood" drama, "Lost Souls" which aired in Summer 2008.


Louis Antoine Jullien

Louis Antoine Jullien (23 April 1812 – 14 March 1860) was a French conductor who was famous for his showmanship.

Jullien was born in Sisteron, in the French Alps. At his baptism he had 36 godfathers and was given 36 Christian names. He studied at the Paris Conservatoire. He was a good musician, but mostly he enjoyed popular dance music. He conducted a band, but had to leave Paris because he owed people a lot of money.

He went to London where he formed a good orchestra. His orchestra played at a series of summer concerts (called "Concerts d’été"). Later he conducted a series of winter concerts ("Concerts d’hiver"). Although he was a good conductor he was a great showman. He would make a big show of putting on his white gloves which were given to him on a silver plate. He used a special baton (conductor’s stick) which had jewels in it when he conducted Beethoven. He wore a white waistcoat and enormous wrist bands, and he had a huge moustache and long, black hair. He would throw himself around when conducting and finish by sinking into a velvet chair. The audience loved it, especially when he added military bands to his orchestra. He used to conduct facing the audience. He conducted concerts in the London theatres and parks (promenade concerts).

Jullien’s programmes included works by the great composers, e.g. Beethoven and Mozart, but they were always mixed with light music: dances, quadrilles, marches, etc. He often added lots of extra instruments to the great classics, e.g. when he conducted Beethoven’s Fifth Symphony he added four ophicleides, a saxophone and side drums.

Jullien travelled to Scotland, Ireland and America with his orchestra. In 1852 he produced an opera, "Pietro il grande", at Covent Garden, but it cost a ridiculous amount of money and he was financially ruined.

Eventually he went back to France where he was arrested and put in prison because of his debts. He died in a lunatic asylum. His wife, to whom he had been happily married, lived on for many years, and their son Louis became a conductor and tried to conduct promenade concerts, but he did not have much success.

Jullien’s behaviour might seem strange to us today, but he lived at a time when the role of the conductor was becoming very important as orchestras had become much larger than they had been in the 18th century. He gave people who had never heard good classical music the chance to hear the music by the great composers. He had a very big influence on the musical scene in London and people talked about him for many years after his death.



Parachutes (Coldplay album)

Parachutes is the debut studio album by Coldplay. The album was released on 10 July, 2000. "Parachutes" includes the hit singles "Don't Panic", "Trouble", "Yellow", and "Shiver".


A Rush of Blood to the Head

A Rush of Blood to the Head is the second studio album by Coldplay. It was released on 26 August, 2002. The album includes the singles "In My Place", "The Scientist", "Clocks", and "God Put a Smile Up On Your Face".


X&amp;Y (album)

X&Y is the third studio album by Coldplay, and was released on 6 June, 2005.


Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends

Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends (or short for simply Viva la Vida) is the fourth studio album by the rock band Coldplay. Released on 12 June 2008, Coldplay recorded "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" from June 2007 - April 2008. In November Coldplay re-released "Viva la Vida" (album) and added more songs to the album from their EP called "Prospekt's March". The singles "Violet Hill", "Viva la Vida", "Lost!", "Lost+ (ft. Jay-Z)", and "Lovers in Japan" are featured in the album and including the extended edition of "Viva la Vida: Prospekt's March Edition".



Lost!

Lost is a series of songs/singles recorded especially by Coldplay. The songs are a part of the full extended version of "Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends" called "Prospect's March Edition". 


British Rail Class 71

The British Rail Class 71 was an electric locomotive used on the Southern Region of British Railways. Unlike most other Southern Region electric locomotives (such as the class 73s & 74s) they could not operate away from the electrified (750 V DC third rail) system.

British Rail Class 73

The British Rail Class 73 electro-diesel locomotives are very unusual in that they can operate from a 750 V DC third-rail supply but also have a diesel engine to allow them to operate on non-electrified routes. This makes them very versatile, although the diesel engine produces less power than is available from the third-rail supply so they rarely stray from the former Southern Region of British Rail. Following the withdrawal of the more powerful Class 74 electro-diesels in 1977, the Class 73 is now unique on the British rail system.

British Rail Class 74

British Rail class 74 was an electro-diesel locomotive that operated on the Southern Region of British Railways, rebuilt from redundant Class 71 locomotives in the late 1960s. An electro-diesel locomotive is one that can operate either from an electrical supply, such as overhead lines or an energized third rail, or from an onboard diesel engine.

British Rail Class 76

The British Rail Class 76, also known as Class EM1, is a class of 1.5kV DC, Bo-Bo electric locomotive designed for use on the now-closed Woodhead Line in Northern England.

British Rail Class 80

Class 80 was the TOPS classification allocated by British Rail to the prototype 25 kV AC electric locomotive. This locomotive was built by Metropolitan-Vickers, initially as a prototype Gas turbine-electric locomotive, numbered 18100. British Rail allocated the number E1000 (and later E2001) to the locomotive following its conversion from gas turbine propulsion. 

British Rail Class 77

The British Rail Class 77, also known as Class EM2, is a class of 1.5 kV DC, Co-Co electric locomotive. They were built by Metropolitan Vickers in 1953–1954 for use over the Woodhead Line between Manchester and Sheffield.

British Rail Class 81

The British Rail Class 81 was an AC electric locomotive that operated on the West Coast Main Line on the London Midland Region of British Rail. Only one was preserved.

British Rail Class 84

The British Rail Class 84 was a 25 kV AC electric locomotive that operated on the West Coast Main Line on the London Midland Region.

British Rail Class 86

The British Rail Class 86 is a modern electric locomotive built during the 1960s, developed as a result of testing to replace the British rail Classes 81, 82, 83, 84 and 85. One hundred of these locomotives were built from 1965-1966 by either English Electric at Vulcan Foundry, Newton-le-Willows, or British Rail (BR) at their Doncaster works. The class was built to haul trains on the then newly electrified West Coast Main Line, from London Euston, to Birmingham, Crewe, Manchester Piccadilly, Liverpool and later Preston and Glasgow. They helped to replace steam locomotives, which were finally withdrawn by BR in 1968. Most have been scrapped after accidents and other uses. Some were also exported to Hungary and Bulgaria. 3 have been preserved as of 2017.

British Rail Class 87

The British Rail Class 87 is a type of electric locomotive built from 1973 to 1975 by British Rail Engineering Limited (BREL). 36 of these locomotives were built to work passenger services over the West Coast Main Line (WCML). They were the flagships of British Rail's electric locomotive fleet until the late 1980s, when the Class 90s started to come onstream. The privatisation of British Rail saw all but one of the fleet transferred to Virgin Trains; they continued their duties until the advent of the new Pendolino trains, when they were transferred to other operators or withdrawn. The last Class 87 in UK mainline use was withdrawn from service on 31 December 2007. Most have now been sold for reuse in Bulgaria.

British Rail Class 82

The British Rail Class 82 electric locomotives were built by Beyer, Peacock and Company between 1960 and 1962 as part of the West Coast Main Line electrification.

British Rail Class 83

The British Rail Class 83 were electric locomotives built by English Electric at Vulcan Foundry, Newton-le-Willows as part of the West Coast Main Line electrification.

British Rail Class 85

The British Rail Class 85 is an electric locomotive built during the early 1960s, as part of BR's policy to develop a standard electric locomotive. Five prototype classes (81-85) were built and evaluated, which eventually led to the development of the Class 86 locomotive. The locomotives of Class 85 were Originally fitted with germanium rectifiers which were eventually replaced by silicon rectifiers. Forty of these locomotives were built from 1961-64 by BR at Doncaster Works. The class were used to haul trains on the then newly electrified West Coast Main Line, from Birmingham, to Crewe, Manchester Piccadilly, Liverpool and later Preston. By 1965, electrification had spread south to London Euston.

Under the earlier BR classification, the type was given the designation AL5 (meaning the 5th design of 25 kV AC Locomotive), and locomotives were numbered E3056-E3095. In 1968, this was changed to Class 85, when BR introduced a new computer numbering system. From 1971 onwards, locomotives were progressively renumbered into the 85001-040 series. Fifteen locomotives were converted for freight only use, numbered in the 85/1 series. These locomotives were restricted to 80 mph. 

British Rail Class 89

The Class 89 is a prototype design for an electric locomotive. Only one unit was built, no. 89001, which was officially named "Avocet" by the then Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher on January 16 1989 at Sandy, Bedfordshire - the home of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (whose logo is an avocet). It was built in 1986, by BREL at their Crewe Works, and was used on test-trains on both the West Coast Main Line and East Coast Main Line. It was fitted with advanced power control systems and develops over 6,000 bhp (4,500 kW). It was given the nickname "Aardvark" although the railfans used to call it "The Badger" owing to its sloping front ends.

British Rail Class 90

The British Rail Class 90 electric locomotives are electric locomotives that were built by BREL at Crewe from 1987-1990. Each locomotive weighs 84.5 tonnes and has a top speed of . They operate from 25 kV AC overhead wires and produce . The class is employed on both express passenger services and heavy freight trains.

Japan Cup

The Japan Cup is the most important horse race in Japan. It is held at the end of November in the Tokyo Racecourse. The race is 2400 metres long and the winner gets about ¥533 million (about US $4.6 million) as an award (the highest reward for horse racing in the world).

 The 2002 race took place at Nakayama Racecourse over a distance of 2,200 metres.

List of British Rail unbuilt locomotive classes

There have been a number of TOPS class numbers assigned to proposed locomotives that have not been built for one reason or another.





British Rail Class 91

The British Rail Class 91 is a class of 140 mph, 6,300 hp electric locomotives ordered specifically for the East Coast Main Line modernisation and electrification programme of the late 1980s. Built to replace the previous British Rail Class 43 (also called the InterCity 125) and British Rail Class 55, the Class 91s were given the auxiliary name of InterCity 225 to indicate their status as a new version of the 125 and their envisaged top speed of 225 km/h (140 mph). The other end of the InterCity 225 train set is formed of a Driving Van Trailer, built with a similar bodyshell to the Class 91 locomotives.

Enchanted

Enchanted is a 2007 American fantasy romantic comedy musical movie. It was produced and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures in association with Barry Sonnenfeld and Josephson Entertainment. The story is about Giselle, a typical Disney Princess, who is forced from her traditional animated world into the live-action world of New York City.

The movie was first shown on October 20, 2007, at the London Film Festival. It released on November 21, 2007 in the United States. "Enchanted" was well-received critically. It won the 2007 Saturn Award for Best Fantasy Motion Picture, received two nominations at the 65th Golden Globe Awards and three nominations at the 80th Academy Awards. The movie earned more than $340 million worldwide at the box office.


Julie Andrews was the narrator of the story.

A video game based on the movie was developed by Altron for Nintendo DS. It was released by Disney Interactive on November 7, 2007.


British Rail Class 92

The Class 92 is a dual-voltage British railway locomotive which can run on 25 kV AC from overhead lines or 750 V DC from a third rail. It was designed specifically to operate services through the Channel Tunnel between Britain and France. Eurotunnel indicates the Class 92 locomotive as the reference for other locomotives which railway undertakings might want to get certified for usage in the Channel tunnel.

British Rail Class 93

Class 93 is the traction classification assigned to the electric locomotives that were to enter service as part of British Rail's "InterCity 250" project on the West Coast Main Line. They would have been derived from the Class 91 locomotives that entered service on the East Coast Main Line in 1989. The locomotive would have been used along with a train of up to nine Mark 5 coaches and a DVT, similar to the "InterCity 225" sets. The locomotives would have been capable of up to 155 mph. Tenders to construct the locomotives and rolling stock were issued in March 1991, with an expected in service date of 1995; it was envisaged that up to 30 complete trains would be initially required, with a total cost estimated at £380 million. However, the InterCity 250 project was canceled in 1992, so the rolling stock orders were never made. Here is a picture of what the cab may have looked like.

East Coast Main Line

East Coast Main Line is an electrified main line between London and Edinburgh in United Kingdom. The trains on this line are operated by National Express East Coast.


West Coast Main Line

West Coast Main Line is a main line between London and Glasgow in United Kingdom. Train services are operated by Avanti West Coast and CrossCountry.


Georg Michaelis

Georg Michaelis (8 September 1857 – 24 July 24 1936) became the first Chancellor of Germany with a non-noble background.

Michaelis was born at Haynau in Silesia. He studied law in Breslau, Leipzig and Wurzburg. He graduated from Göttingen University in 1884.

He was invited by the Japanese government to teach at the German school of law in Tokyo from 1885 to 1889.

When he returned to Germany, he joined the civil service. The Emperor appointed him Reich Chancellor ("Reichskanzler") from July to November 1917.


1994 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1994 Atlantic hurricane season was the time from June 1 to November 30, 1994, when hurricanes officially formed in the Atlantic Ocean. Storms sometimes form before and after these dates but most storms form during the season. However, in this season no Tropical Cyclone formed after November 30, the end of the season because the last storm, Hurricane Gordon died on November 21, just nine days before the 30th.

The season was unusual in that it produced no major hurricanes, which are those of Category 3 status or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. The strongest, Hurricane Florence, it's top winds were at a Category 2 storm with winds of 110 mph (175 km/h). Aside from Chris, Florence, and Gordon, none of the storms became hurricanes. A famous hurricane from 1994 would probably be Hurricane Gordon. Hurricane Gordon was a strange long lived November hurricane that killed at least 1,100 people in Haiti.

Alberto formed from a north-moving tropical depression north of the Yucatán Peninsula on July 2. Tropical Storm Alberto continued north, making landfall near Destin, Florida on July 3 as a moderately strong tropical storm. The storm weakened quickly to a tropical depression, which then moved around Georgia and Alabama until it dissipated on July 7. Damage was guessed at $500 million (1994 USD) and 30 deaths were caused by the effects of Tropical Storm Alberto.
Tropical Depression Two formed near South Carolina on the 19th. The depression moved north making landfall in South Carolina and dissipated on July 23rd. No damage or deaths reported.

Beryl formed off the Florida Panhandle on August 15, only twelve hours before it made landfall near Panama City, Florida. Beryl quickly strengthened before landfall and reached its top winds of 60 mph. Beryl caused inland flooding as it moved through Georgia, across the Carolinas, and all the way to Connecticut where it was absorbed by a frontal system. Damage was guessed at $73 million (1994 USD). Though it caused no deaths, a lot of people were injured by the 37 tornadoes Beryl produced as it weakened.

Chris formed midway between the Lesser Antilles and Cape Verde on August 17, and reached hurricane strength the next day. It moved to the northwest and turned north and brushed Bermuda as a weak tropical storm on the 21st. Chris continued north, and dissipated without causing any damage

The wave that would become Tropical Depression Five was tracked beginning on August 17. The wave was upgraded into a depression on August 29 near the Yucatán Peninsula. Tropical Depression Five made landfall in Tampico on the 31st and dissipating the same day over Mexico. No damage was caused by Tropica Depression Five.

Tropical Storm Debby formed on September 10, just east of the lesser antilies. The storm crossed some of the islands, and dissipated south of Puerto Rico on the 11th. Nine people dead because of Tropical Storm Debby. Damage estimates are not available. It cause flooding and mudslides in Saint Lucia.

Ernesto formed southwest of Cape Verde on September 22 it became Tropical Storm Ernesto. It moved north for two days, and by the 24th had weakened to a tropical depression. Two days later Ernesto dissipated without affecting any land.

Tropical Depression Eight formed on September 19 in the southwestern Caribbean Sea. The wave strengthened into Tropical Depression Eight on September 24 near Honduras. Tropical Depression Eight made landfall in Mexico and dissipated the next day over Guatemala. Some reports show that the remnants of Eight became Tropical Depression Ten.

Tropical Depression Nine form off the coast of Africa on September 26. It was upgraded to the ninth depression of the 1994 season, 150 miles southeast from the Cape Verde Islands the next day. The depression moved north and dissipated on September 29.

An area of disturbed weather, related to Tropical Depression Eight, moved across the northwest Caribbean Sea and the Yucatán Peninsula. A tropical wave moved into the area, causing an increase in showers and cloudiness. The wave became Tropical Depression Ten on September 29 about 150 miles off the coast of Cuba. The system became better-organized and when the depression moved into the Gulf of Mexico, it was absorbed by a non-tropical system on 30th. Tropical Depression Ten caused $5 million in damage (1994 USD).
Florence, at first formed as a subtropical depression in the central Atlantic on November 2. As it northwest, it took on tropical characteristics and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Florence on the 4th. It reached hurricane strength, then turned to the northeast and on November 6, as it was picked up by a strong trough. Two days later Florence was absorbed by the same trough that made it turn northeast. There was no reported damage.
Hurricane Gordon was a very deadly and damaging tropical storm for the Caribbean, Florida and parts of North Carolina. The storm was very slow moving on its path over the Caribbean. This storm killed over 1100 people (estimates range between 500 and 2300 people dead through Haiti and the central Caribbean islands, including Jamaica and Cuba). The storm's strange motion was making Hurricane Gordon hard to forecast where it would actually go and where it would reach land. Damage was guessed to be at $400 million (1994 US dollars).
Around Christmas in 1994 a nor'easter may have had tropical characteristics, though it was not called a tropical system. It affected the Mid-Atlantic and New England causing damage at $21 million.

In 1994, only 7 out of 21 names were used. The following names were supposed to be used:
No names retired as a result all name would be used again in 2000

British Rail Class 100

The British Rail Class 100 diesel multiple units were built by Gloucester Railway Carriage & Wagon Company Limited from 1956 to 1958, designed and built in collaboration with the Transport Sales Dept. of T.I. (Group Services) Ltd. 

British Rail Class 101

The British Rail Class 101 diesel multiple units were built by Metro-Cammell at Washwood Heath in Birmingham from 1956 to 1959, following the construction of a series of prototype units. This class proved to be the most successful and longest-lived of all BR's "First Generation" DMUs, with the final five units being withdrawn on 24 December 2003. The oldest set was, by then just over 47 years old.

British Rail Class 103

The British Rail Class 103 diesel multiple units were built by Park Royal Vehicles with diesel engines by British United Traction (BUT). Ordered in the first half of 1955, 20 of these sets were built by Park Royal at the Crossley Motors works in Stockport of the ACV Group. They consisted of a power car and a driving trailer. Standard BUT equipment was fitted, with 'A' type engines.

A two-car set with 16 first class and 100 second class seats weighed just under 60 long tons, representing 1,150 lb (520 kg) a seat and had 5 hp per ton of empty weight or 4.35 hp per ton when full.

British Rail Class 104

The British Rail Class 104 diesel multiple units were built by Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company from 1957 to 1959.

The first units ordered were for the London Midland Region, with the majority of the class for use in North West of England with sets also in Tyneside (being made redundant by the opening of the Tyne & Wear Metro in 1980). In the mid-1980s a few units reallocated to Scotland, with one unit being repainted in a unique maroon and white livery for services to Oban - it became known as the "Mexican Bean". Other vehicles spent time in London and the last vehicles could be found there in the early 1990s.

The class was gradually taken of service from the early 1980s. The final vehicles were withdrawn in 1995.

British Rail Class 105

The British Rail Class 105 diesel multiple units were built by Cravens Ltd. of Sheffield from 1956 to 1959. The class were built with a side profile identical to British Railways Mark 1 carriage stock, using the same doors and windows. None were selected for refurbishment. The last passenger car was withdrawn from service in 1988. 

British Rail Class 107

The British Rail Class 107 diesel multiple units were built by the Derby Works of British Railways and were introduced in 1960. The class looked similar to the later Class 108 units, but were heavier - having been built out of steel.

British Rail Class 108

The British Rail Class 108 diesel multiple units were built by BR Derby from 1958 to 1961, with a final production quantity of 333 vehicles.

These units stayed in were used till the 1990s after which they were withdrawn from traffic.

British Rail Class 109

The British Rail Class 109 is a class of 2-car diesel multiple units built in 1957 by Wickham & Co. Five two-car units were built featuring an unusual body design.

The units soon became non-standard and two were sold back to the manufacturer who exported them to Trinidad and Tobago. Another unit was converted into departmental service, and survived in BR ownership until the early 1980s.
Yeh Dil Aap Ka Huwa

Yeh Dil Aap Ka Huwa () is a 2002 Pakistani Urdu movie starring Sana, Moammar Rana and Saleem Sheikh among others. It was directed by Javed Sheikh and ran successfully in theaters across Pakistan. The movie's soundtrack composed by Amjad Bobby was a success prior to its release.

British Rail Class 110

The Class 110 DMUs were built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company in conjunction with the Drewry Car Co. to operate services on the former Lancashire and Yorkshire main line, and spent their entire careers based around this same area. This earned them the name of the 'Calder Valley' sets. They were an updated version of the Class 104, with a revised cab design and raised bodyside window frames.

British Rail Class 111

The Class 111 DMUs were based on Class 101/2s, but with different engines. The only external body difference was on the final batch of cars where a four character headcode box was fitted above the front cab Windows with the destination indicator on top of a reduced height centre window.

The first cars built, part of an order for 339 Met-Camm cars, were 4 power/trailer sets for the LMR Manchester area built in early 1957. One of these had supercharged 230 hp 6-cylinder engines. This was followed by ten 3-car sets comprising DMBS/TS/DMC for the NER at Bradford, then a further twenty 3-car sets.

British Rail Class 112

The Class 112 DMUs used the standard Cravens body used for Class 105s but had a single Rolls-Royce engine of 238 hp per car, and they were all formed into 'power twins'- two car sets with both vehicles powered.

There were two batches built, the first 50 vehicles (25 sets) had standard mechanical transmission via a gearbox and were allocated the Class 112. The second batch of 50 cars (25 sets) had hydraulic transmission, and became Class 113s.

The cars were built for services in the LMR Central Division and in the Liverpool - St Helens area, where the gradients in the Lancashire & Yorkshire area required more power. Both types also spent some time working from Cricklewood.

The gross weight of a set with all seats occupied was approximately 70 tons, giving 6.8 hp per ton. Empty, it was 8.1 hp/ton, which compared favourably with 5.7 hp/ton that the Cravens power/trailer had. Its sister class is the Class 113

British Rail Class 114

The British Rail Class 114 diesel multiple units were built by BR Derby from 1956 to 1957. Forty-nine 2-car units were built, numbered 50001-49 for driving motors (later renumbered 53001-49) and 56001-49 for driving trailers (later renumbered 54001-49). The units were used on services in the West Midlands, Lincolnshire and Humberside.

1995 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1995 Atlantic hurricane season was the time from June 1 to November 30, 1995 when hurricanes officially formed in the Atlantic Ocean. Storms sometimes form before and after these dates but most storms form during the season. No storms formed after November 30 in the 1995 season.

The 1995 season was extremely active, largely due to favorable conditions including a La Niña and warm sea surface temperatures. Nineteen named storms formed during the season, making it the third most active on record behind the 2005 and 1933 seasons and tied with 1887 season. There were also eleven storms that reached hurricane strength, again the third most hurricanes in one season after the 1969 and 2005 seasons.

This season broke the record for the most Tropical Cyclones at a time in the Atlantic with five storm at a time from August 22 to September 1 – Humberto, Iris, Jerry, Karen, and Luis, were the names of the storms at the same time. 

On August 4, Tropical Depression Six formed in the Bay of Campeche. Six made landfall in over Mexico and dissipated on August 6, never reaching tropical storm strength. There were no reports of damage or deaths. 

Tropical Storm Gabrielle formed on August 9 and nearly became a hurricane but it made landfall in Mexico, near La Pesca, Tamaulipas, on August 11. Tropical Storm Gabrielle dissipated the next day without ever reaching hurricane status causing no damage or deaths.
Tropical Storm Jerry formed just off the Florida coast near Andros Island on August 23 as Tropical Depression Eleven. Jerry made landfall at as a very weak tropical storm. Jerry made landfall in Jupiter, Florida. Jerry dissipated on the 28th over Georgia. 
Hurricane Luis was one of the most powerful storms of the very active 1995 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Luis was the strongest storm to hit the Leeward Islands since Hurricane Hugo in 1989. Luis was one of the four tropical cyclones active from August 22 to September 1 along with Humberto, Iris, Jerry, and Karen.

Tropical Depression Fourteen started on September 9. Fourteen moved mostly to the northwest, which made it further from land. It never became a tropical storm before it died on September 13.
Opal started on September 27, just to the east of the Yucatan Peninsula. It soon made landfall before becoming a tropical storm. As soon as it enter the Gulf of Mexico it became a tropical storm. It soon became a hurricane and strengthened fast. Hurricane Opal was stopped at a category 4 hurricane. When it made landfall in Florida on October 3, it was a category 2 hurricane. 

Tropical Storm Sebastien formed on August 20 from a tropical wave just east of the Lesser Antilles. Sebastien remained rather weak, moving northwest through light wind shear. Sebastien took a sharp turn and started moving south-southwest. On October 24, Sebastien weakened to a depression and made landfall in Anguilla. By this time, Sebastien had entered a low level flow as well as increasing wind shear. On October 25 Sebastien dissipated over the northern Caribbean Sea. Although its remnants still caused heavy rain over Hispaniola and Puerto Rico.

The 1995 season ended with Hurricane Tanya, the first storm to be get a name beginning with 'T' since hurricane naming began in the Atlantic basin in 1950 it was the only until Tropical Storm Tammy in 2005. 
This list is the names set aside for use in for Atlantic tropical cyclones in 1995. Notice that only Van and Wendy aren't used they are marked in .

In the Spring of 1996 the names Luis, Marilyn, Opal, and Roxanne were retired. Lorenzo, Michelle, Olga, and Rebekah were placed on the list in 2001 instead.


Red giant

A red giant is a giant star that has the mass of about one-half to ten times the mass of our Sun. Red giants get their name because they appear to be colored red and they are very large. Many red giants could fit thousands and thousands of suns like ours inside of them. 

Right now, our Sun is a main-sequence star, not a red giant. However, five billion years from now, scientists believe our sun will become a red giant. It will be about 200 times bigger in diameter than it is now. It will become so big it will swallow up Mercury, Venus and possibly the Earth.

All new stars change hydrogen to helium through nuclear fusion. This makes a lot of energy (e.g. light and heat). In a normal star, like our Sun and all other main-sequence stars, this change happens at the very center of the star. Sooner or later, almost all of the hydrogen at the center has changed to helium. This causes the nuclear reaction to stop. The center will start to get smaller due to the star's gravity. This makes the layer just outside the center get hotter. This layer still has hydrogen. This hydrogen will fuse to make helium.

With this new source of power, the outer layers of the star will get much, much bigger. The star will get brighter, sometimes as much as ten thousand times as bright as when it was on the main sequence. Since the outside of the star is bigger, the energy will be spread over a much larger area. Because of this, the temperature of the surface will go down and the color will change to red or orange.

There are often three main parts of a red giant stage: firstly, the red giant's center is plain helium while the layer outside it has hydrogen fusing into helium. This is called the red giant branch or RGB phase of the star. Eventually, the helium in the center will ignite and start to turn into carbon. This ignition is called the helium flash, and after this happens, the red giant branch star becomes a horizontal branch star. For stars with the same mass than the Sun, the horizontal branch phase is called the red clump phase. Red clump stars are smaller and hotter than red giant branch stars, and can appear yellow or orange in color. For stars more massive than the Sun, they become much hotter so that their color will change from red, to yellow, and then to blue-white. Their horizontal branch phase is called a blue loop.

Soon (in only hundreds of millions of years) horizontal branch stars will start to fuse helium to make other elements like carbon, nitrogen and oxygen. They expand back into red giants even larger than the red giant branch phase. This is called the asymptotic giant branch or AGB phase.

The red giant phases are temporary. They are shorter than the billions of years a star spends on the main sequence. Some of their outer layers will blow away, leaving interstellar gas and dust circling the star. In time, most red giants will become white dwarfs. Very large red giants (red supergiants) become neutron stars or black holes.





Hypergiant

A hypergiant (luminosity class 0) is a star with an enormous mass and luminosity, It shows signs of a very high rate of mass loss. The exact definition is not yet settled.

Hypergiants are the largest stars in the universe, usually larger and brighter than supergiants. The hypergiant with the largest known diameter is WOH G64 which is about 1,540 times wider than the Sun. 

Another large hypergiant is VY Canis Majoris, about 1,420 times wider than the Sun. It is one of the extreme luminous supergiant stars. 

Just as supergiants evolve from massive stars that were once main sequence stars (between 8 to 22 solar masses, one solar mass being the mass of the Sun), hypergiants were once main-sequence stars that were more massive.

Hypergiants are very hard to find and they have a short lifespan because of their size. While the Sun has a lifespan of around 10 billion years, hypergiants will only exist for a few million years.

There are two special groups: luminous blue variables (LBV), and yellow hypergiants. Both of these types are very rare, with only a few examples in the Milky Way galaxy. Their rareness is probably because each type passes through this stage quite rapidly.

As luminosity of stars increases greatly with mass, the luminosity of hypergiants often lies very close to the Eddington limit. This is the luminosity at which the force of the star's gravity equals the radiation pressure outward. 

This means that the radiative flux passing through the photosphere of a hypergiant may be nearly strong enough to lift away the photosphere. Above the Eddington limit, the star would generate so much radiation that parts of its outer layers would be thrown off in massive outbursts. This would effectively restrict the star from shining at higher luminosities for longer periods.

A good candidate for hosting a continuum-driven wind is Eta Carinae, one of the most massive stars ever observed. Its mass is about 130 solar masses and its luminosity four million times that of the Sun. Eta Carinae may occasionally exceed the Eddington limit. The last time might have been outbursts observed in 1840–1860. These reached mass loss rates much higher than stellar winds would normally allow.

Another theory to explain the massive outbursts of Eta Carinae is the idea of a deeply situated hydrodynamic explosion, blasting off parts of the star’s outer layers. The idea is that the star, even at luminosities below the Eddington limit, would have insufficient heat convection in the inner layers, resulting in a density inversion potentially leading to a massive explosion. The theory has, however, not been explored very much, and it is uncertain whether this really can happen.






Shiver (Coldplay song)

"Shiver" is a single released by rock band Coldplay. "Shiver" was released off the album "Parachutes" in March 2000. A re-release was released a year later in February 2001. 

The format of the single by Coldplay is a CD. It plays as an Extended Play (or EP).

Yellow (Coldplay song)

"Yellow" is a song by English alternative rock band Coldplay. The band wrote the song and co-produced it with British record producer Ken Nelson. It was for their first album "Parachutes". The song's lyrics are a reference to band vocalist Chris Martin's unreturned love.

The song was released across the world in June 2000. It was the second single off the album following "Shiver". It was the lead single in the United States. The single reached number four in the UK Singles Chart. This gave the band their first top-five hit in the United Kingdom.

Helped by heavy rotation and usage in promotions, the song made the band very popular. Various recording artists worldwide have since made their own versions of "Yellow". It remains one of the band's most popular songs.

"Yellow" was written in a Rockfield studio in Wales. The studio is called the Quadrangle. It is where Coldplay began working on their first album, "Parachutes". One night after finishing recording "Shiver", the lead single of the album, the band took a break and went out of the studio. Outside, there were few lights on and the stars in the sky were visible and "just amazing", according to the song's co-producer, Ken Nelson. He told the band to look at the stars. The band looked at the stars and felt generally inspired. The song's main melody popped into the head of Chris Martin, the band's vocalist. The melody was a chord pattern. At first, Martin did not take it seriously "as he relayed the tune to the rest of the band in his worst Neil Young impersonation voice". Martin has said, "The song had the word 'stars' and that seemed like a word you should sing in a Neil Young voice." The melody "started off a lot slower" according to Will Champion, the band's drummer, and sounded like a Neil Young song. Not long after, despite not taking the song seriously, Martin's idea worked out when he had developed the tempo of the verse. When Jonny Buckland, the band's guitarist, started playing it and added to it with his own ideas, they had created the riff, "and it sort of got a bit heavier".

While composing the song's lyrics, however, Martin could not find the right words. He was thinking of a specific word to fit the song's main idea and theme. He thought that this missing word was a key word in the lyrics. He looked around the studio and found the telephone directory "Yellow Pages". Martin later titled the song "Yellow" as a reference to the directory. But according to him, "In an alternate universe, this song could be called 'Playboy.'" The lyrics progressed from there with the band collaborating. The band's bassist Guy Berryman came up with the opening line "Look at the stars". That night, having quickly composed the song, the band recorded it.

The band and Nelson produced the track. Nelson was introduced to the band's music through the band's manager. Nelson's manager gave him a copy of an EP and single by Coldplay. Nelson wanted to work them after seeing the band perform live. "Yellow" was first recorded upstairs in the project studio. This was a demo room in Liverpool's Parr Street Studios.

Nelson and the band had some problems when they were making some parts of the song. Champion said that "... it was really difficult to record, because it worked at about five or six different tempos. It was a tough choice of choosing which tempo to play, because sometimes it sounded too rushed, and sometimes it sounded as if it was dragging..." The band tried to get the tempo correct, according to Nelson, "because a beat either side of the tempo we picked didn't have the same groove". To improve the song, they recorded this part live and Buckland overdubbed his guitar. They recorded it two or three times until Nelson and the band were happy at the output. The band recorded backing vocals in the control room of Quadrangle.

Nelson used an analogue tape to record most of the tracks in the album. As recording progressed, "Yellow" was one of a couple of songs that they "couldn't quite get on analogue". They recorded different versions, but they did not satisfy their taste. So Nelson used Pro Tools "to get the feel of [the track] just right". Once all of the takes were recorded into the computer, "we then put it down to the 2-inch, which I found was a great way to do it", according to Nelson.

The song opens with an acoustic guitar part. This is backed by an electric guitar copying the acoustic guitar. It then forwards to the lead guitar line. It then goes back to the acoustic section. Its instrumentation is varied, including the drums, cymbals, and the occasional hi-hat and ascending bass guitar. "Yellow" features Martin's falsetto, and nearly spoken-word whispers. Martin, after the song's mixing, felt that his voice was "too subdued, too quiet".

Martin has explained that "'Yellow' refers to the mood of the band. Brightness and hope and devotion." The references in some of the song's lyrics, including the swimming and drawing a line, "are all metaphorical slants on the extent of his emotional devotion". The drawing of a line refers to Martin's habit of writing lists and underlining those important things on the list. Martin has commented that the song is about devotion. He refers to his unreturned love (Martin was single at the time he wrote the song). Most people have considered "Yellow" as a happy song, even though the lyrics do not seem to be.

"Yellow" and "Shiver" were first released as EPs in the spring of 2000. "Yellow" was later released as a single in UK on 26 June 2000. The single includes the songs "Help Is Round the Corner" and "No More Keeping My Feet on the Ground". The third song was taken from the band's first EP, "Safety". In the United States, however, the song was released as the lead single off the album. In October 2000, the track was sent to US college and alternative radio outlets. The band released a limited-edition CD of "Trouble", the third single off "Parachutes", which features a remix of "Yellow". It was pressed to 1,000 copies, and was issued only to fans and journalists.

The single received a massive radio airplay, particularly on BBC Radio 1. This was helped by its TV reception through its music video. The reaction was mostly positive. Even BBC Radio 2 played the track repeatedly. This heavy rotation continued for months after its release. "Yellow" eventually became 2000's most played song on the radio. The song is also regularly played at various British clubs, bars and sporting events. People often sing along when it is played. The song is often played during home games at English Championship club Watford. "Yellow" was used as the theme song for ABC fall television ads a month after the album was released in the United States. The song was also used as the theme music for The Cancer Council Australia's "Daffodil Day". This was in recognition of that organisation's official flower's yellow hue.

Critics were positive towards the song. Matt Diehl of "Rolling Stone" magazine has noted "Yellow" is "unrepentantly romantic". He added that "the band creates a hypnotic slo-mo otherworld where spirit rules supreme". "Yellow" won Best Single at the 2001 "NME" Carling Awards. It was nominated at the 2002 Grammy Awards for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal. "Billboard" said that "every time that electric-guitar riff barges in, you're hooked all over again."

Brian Hiatt of "Rolling Stone" magazine has said that the song was a career-making record. Roach has claimed in his book, "Coldplay: Nobody Said It Was Easy", that although "Shiver" earned the band their first UK Top 40 single, it was "Yellow" that has changed "everything", and that it "exemplifies so much of what had made Coldplay so popular". In the US, after it was being used in promos of ABC, the band grew in popularity which continued in 2001. According to Barry Walters in his review of Coldplay's second album, "A Rush of Blood to the Head", for "Spin" magazine, the band is still known in the United States for their "surprise smash 'Yellow'". A "Billboard" magazine review said, "After one single ('Yellow') and its accompanying album ("Parachutes"  ... ), Coldplay have already been anointed heir to the Brit-rock throne." The song has since been regarded as the centerpiece track on the album.

Following the aftermath of the September 11 attacks, "Yellow" was the first video played on MTV once normal programming resumed.


Don't Panic (Coldplay song)

"Don't Panic" is a single by British rock band Coldplay.

The single was recorded in 1996. Coldplay released the single off the hit studio album called "Parachutes" which was released on July 10, 2000.

In My Place

"In My Place" was released August 2002. The single was released off the hit album "A Rush of Blood to the Head"" released by rock band Coldplay in 2002. "In My Place" was well received by critics. The song was praised for its music and the deep meaning of its words. "In My Place" won Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the 45th Grammy Awards. The music video was nominated for two MuchMusic Video Awards in 2003 in the categories of Best international video–group and People's Choice: Favorite international group. It begins with one crash of a cymbal. After that, there are two bars of 4/4 drumming, then a sad three-note guitar line, and Chris Martin's singing.

List of video games featuring Mario

Over the years, "Mario" has become a famous video game character. He stars in many video games and even has his own series of video games and its spinoff series, the "Donkey Kong," "Yoshi", and "Wario" series. The following course of video games Mario has appeared in over the years is listed below:

Târgovişte

Târgovişte is a city in the Dâmboviţa County of Romania. About 89,000 people lived in Târgovişte as of the year 2003.


Antonio Machado

Antonio Cipriano José María y Francisco de Santa Ana Machado y Ruiz, known as Antonio Machado (July 26, 1875 – February 22, 1939), was a Spanish poet and one of the leading figures of the Spanish literary movement known as the Generation of '98.


Garcilaso de la Vega

Garcilaso de la Vega (Toledo, c. 1501– Le Muy, Nice, France, October 14, 1536), was a Spanish soldier and poet. The prototypical "Renaissance man", he was the most influential (though not the first or the only) poet to introduce Italian Renaissance verse forms, poetic techniques and themes to Spain. His exact birth date is unknown, but estimations by scholars put his year of birth between 1498 and 1503.

Nepenthes

Nepenthes, often known as tropical pitcher plants or monkey cups, is a genus of carnivorous plants in the family of the Nepenthaceae consisting of about 120 species (this number is fast increasing, with one to two new species being described each year). Many hybrids exist, both natural and created by humans. These plants come from South China, Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines; westward to Madagascar and the Seychelles ; southward to Australia and New Caledonia ; and northward to India and Sri Lanka . Many are plants from hot humid lowland areas, but the majority are from high in the mountains where nights are cold. Nepenthes are often categorized as being lowland or highland varieties, depending on how high they live above sea level. Lowland varieties usually require high temperature and humidity levels. Highland varieties usually require warm days but cold and humid nights. The name "Nepenthes" was first published in 1737 in Carolus Linnaeus's "Hortus Cliffortianus".

Nepenthes traps contain a fluid of the plant's own production, which may be watery or syrupy and is used to drown prey. The trapping efficiency of this fluid remains high, even when significantly diluted by water, as inevitably happens in wet conditions. Many species of "Nepenthes" produce two different forms of pitchers. Near the base of the plant are the large lower traps, which usually sit on the ground, while the upper pitchers may be smaller, coloured differently, and have different shapes and features than the lower pitchers. 

The lower part of the trap contains glands which take nutrients from captured insects.

One of the earliest pictures of "Nepenthes" appears in Leonard Plukenet's "Almagestum Botanicum" of 1696. The plant, called "Utricaria vegetabilis zeylanensium", is without doubt a "N. distillatoria".



Kurohime (manga)

Kurohime has 14 volumes (on 2008) and is ongoing.

Magic in this world is used by Gods and by some kind of humanans, called witches (whether they are men or women). The magic used by th witches can be showed under many forms, for example can be mixed with human technology, for example a gun or a rifle. A common use of magic mixes with human technology for example is when Kurohime, shot with her gun, magic bullets, that can invoke magical beasts as dragon or a demon.

Zero - A boy saved by Kurohime in his childhood. Over ten years, he trained and became a gunslinger. He uses 4 guns and is known for his incredible speed. He does not use his guns for killing and only uses them to help people. Zero doesn't use the magic, often is used by Kurohime for to mix magic with technology. Zero loves truly Kurohime and in a part of series he will sacrifice his life for to save Kurohime.

Kurohime - A magician who fights using magical bullets. Ten years ago, she saves Zero, influencing his decision to become a gunslinger. She is very self-centered, and is said to not be able to genuinely love. As a result, she defied the gods and was cursed to walk the world as a child. She can only revert to her adult form when she falls in love. When a child, she is addressed as Himeko, and her magic powers are greatly hindered. The adult Kurohime bears a strong resemblance to the goddess that cursed her (In fact, they are both the same. Kurohime was split into 2 in her battle against the gods; one of "good" which holds all of her love and care and memories, and the other holding her "bad" side, which has no memories, except the anger and hatred. The latter is the current Kurohime, while the former is the "goddess" who gave her the curse.) She is also extremely beautiful and believes all men are her "dogs". Still, she has feelings for Zero, even if she won't admit it. Her name translates to "Black Princess" (Kuro is black and hime is princess). Her chief weapon is her witch-gun, "Senryu" (which, when translated means Tornado Dragon). Aside from being able to fire witch-bullets, Senryu can fire normal bullets with cannon-like force. In the second arc, Himeko receives the Yamato-Dachi from Yamatohime after defeating Gandhara. The sword fuses with Senryu, allowing it to switch between sword (Yamato Senryuto) and gun (Yamato Senryuho) forms.

Himeko- Kurohime's form as a child, she differs greatly from her adult self, besides the fact that she is adorable and cute while her adult self is sexy and beautiful. Himeko is hyperactive and acts like a real child, often falling asleep for naps, while as her adult form is more controlled and calm. Himeko is unable to use strong magic, for example when she tries to evoke a dragon, it comes just a funny little dragon, really useless.

Onimaru - A heavyset gunslinger that he felt betrayed by Kurohime/Himeko. When she was bad, Kurohime used him and his troops for to build a tower for to fight Gods, after then Kurohime betrayed Onimaru. He was once her most loyal soldier and his back bears a large tattoo of the Kanji for "Dog" and "Kurohime". In the middle of series Onimaru will be cursed by a demon and will be transformed in a little lizard.

Asura - A beautiful looking woman. The people of that land call her and her kind, demons. She is extremely powerful, possessing incredible magical powers, whose destructive properties rivals a god. She is first introduced as a mysterious character who plays a subtle hand in aiding Kurohime and Zero defeat a witch.

Sword- The leader of the death angel squad (Shinigami Tenshidan) sent after Kurohime and Zero in the fourth volume. She and her comrades (Axe, Lance, Mace, Hammer, and Dagger) are sent to reap a group of vengeful souls from a ghost wagon who were revived courtesy of Kurohime. Sword seems to have a personal sense of revenge against Kurohime.

Darkray- The former God of Death. He fought Kurohime when she first challenged the gods. Using the soul of an infant murdered by an attack on Kurohime as a shield, he defeated her with Sword, slicing her in half. He was also the one who suggested splitting Kurohime into two beings: one comprised of pure hate, the other, of love and compassion. This resulted in the birth of Shirohime (White Princess)the Goddess of Mercy. He later appears in the fourth volume.

Yashahime- The mother goddess and lover of Darkray. She swears to kill Kurohime to avenge the fallen God of Death, and first appears when Kurohime killed Gandhara on Yamato. She is very powerful and she tried to kill Zero's soul.She is actually jealous of the love zero and Kurohime share, and uses Darkray's skull to turn Zero into the god of death, so as to make Kurohime experience hell on earth forever.

Yamatohime- The Phoenix Suzaku, Devil God, and Spirit Queen of Fire. She is Asura's master. She had been imprisoned by the gods in the depths of a volcano, under constant watch by the Demon God Gandhara.


British Rail Class 115

These 41 high density sets operated the outer-suburban services from Marylebone usually to destinations such as High Wycombe, Aylesbury and Banbury which are on the Chiltern Main Line and Great Central Main Line (now the London to Aylesbury Line). Sometimes, these sets used to operate 8-12 car long expresses to Nottingham Victoria in the final years of the GCML. Coincidentally, the 115 were under Table 115 in the British Rail timetable.

Based on the basic Derby high density design, the sets are similar to Class 127 but were internally superior as the class had larger windows, better furnishings, lighting and wall surfaces. 

Some sets were also built for the CLC line between Liverpool and Manchester. These were later transferred to Marylebone. They also worked from Tyseley in the later years.

The Marylebone sets, which were later transferred to Bletchley but remained on Chiltern Line duties, were declared surplus after the introduction of Class 165s, from 1991 onwards. While at Bletchley depot the class was also used on the Gospel Oak to Barking Line, units being formed as power twins. They were in turn replaced on this line by class 117 power twins. 

The final Class 115 working out of Marylebone was in July 1992. The Tyseley sets survived a bit longer, until February 1994.

Pomaia

Pomaia is a little village (it: "frazione"), near the city of (it: "comune") Santa Luce, in the Province of Pisa, Tuscany, Italy. The village is a very important point for Buddhism in Italy. In Pomaia, one of biggest Tibetan monasteries, called the "Lama Zong Khapa Institute", can be seen.

Pomaia has an economy based on agriculture and tourism.

On April in Pomaia there is a "Sagra", a local festival about broad beans, followed by a lot of people and many tourists. Many tourists come in Pomaia, for to see the Buddhist manifestations in the Buddhist Monastery of Pomaia. 


Morellino di Scansano

Morellino di Scansano DOCG is an Italian red wine made in the hills of the village of Scansano (province of Grosseto), in the Maremma, which includes a part of the coast of southern Tuscany. Morellino is the local name for the Sangiovese grape varietal.

The wine, which gained the DOC status in 1978, and upgraded to DOCG status from the 2007 vintage, is made from of 85% Sangiovese (which is also the base of the tuscan wines: Chianti, Brunello di Montalcino and Vino Nobile di Montepulciano). The remaining 0–15% of any non aromatic black grape varieties included in a list made and periodically updated by the local authorities.


Vino Nobile di Montepulciano

Vino Nobile di Montepulciano (in English lit. Noble Wine of Montepulciano) is a red wine with Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita status produced in the vineyards in the town of Montepulciano, Tuscany, Italy. The wine is made for the main part from the Sangiovese grape varietal (minimum 70%), blended with Canaiolo Nero (10%–20%) and small add of other local varieties such as Mammolo. The wine is aged in oak barrels for 2 years; three years if it is a riserva. The wine should not be confused with Montepulciano d'Abruzzo, a red wine made from the Montepulciano grape in the Abruzzo region of east-central Italy.

The industry in the wine-producing town of Montepulciano produces a number of different wines:

Some wineries, in addition to wines, also produce Grappa. By Italian law, the same company cannot be both a certified winery and a certified distillery, therefore, the Grappa is produced in cooperation, but, is usually sold by the winery and bears the winery name on its label.


Brunello di Montalcino

Brunello di Montalcino is a red Italian wine. It is made in the vineyards surrounding the town of Montalcino about southwest of Florence, Tuscany, Italy. Brunello, roughly translated as "nice dark one" in the local dialect, is the unofficial name of the clone of Sangiovese (also known as "Sangiovese Grosso") grown in the Montalcino region. In 1980, the Brunello di Montalcino was awarded the first "Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita" (DOCG) designation and today is one of the Italy's best-known and most expensive wines.


Borodin Quartet

The Borodin Quartet is a string quartet that was founded in 1945 in what was then the Soviet Union. The four players have not always been the same people: there have been some changes to the group, but it is one of the world's longest lasting string quartets. In 2005 they celebrated their 60th anniversary. Until he retired in 2007 the cellist Valentin Berlinsky had almost always been the cellist of the quartet.

When they started they were known as the Moscow Philharmonic Quartet. In 1955 the quartet changed its name to Borodin Quartet, named after the composer Alexander Borodin who composed two famous string quartets.

They often got invitations to play in the West, but the Soviet communist government would not allow them to travel out of their country. The quartet had to accept the concerts that their government allowed them to do. They played at the funerals of the dictator Stalin and the composer Sergei Prokofiev which were on the same day (both men died on 5 March 1953. However, they were not paid anything for either event.

The quartet knew the composer Dmitri Shostakovich very well. They performed his quartets, and Shostakovich often listened to them practising and discussed with them the way he wanted them to be played. The quartet often played piano quintets with the pianist Sviatoslav Richter.

When they started in 1945 their cellist was Mstislav Rostropovich. Rudolf Barshai was their viola player. Very soon afterwards Rostropovich found he had too many other engagements, so he got Valentin Berlinsky to be their cellist. The four men who then formed the quartet signed an oath in their own blood that they would be faithful and stay together as a group. They stayed together for 20 years. Then Rostislav Dubinsky, the first violinist, defected to the West and the second violinist, Jaroslav Alexandrov, retired because of bad health. With two new players, the quartet spend two years practising together before they performed again in public.

When Communism collapsed and the Soviet Union broke up, the quartet still continued to be very famous. They travelled abroad a lot, performing in places such as London. 

They have made many recordings including all Shostakovich's string quartets and all Beethoven quartets.


Pienza

Pienza, a town (it: "commune") in the province of Siena, in the Val d'Orcia in Tuscany (central Italy), between the towns of Montepulciano and Montalcino, is the "touchstone of Renaissance urbanism."

In 1996, UNESCO put the town his list as a World Heritage Site, and in 2004 the all valley, the "Val d'Orcia", was put on the list of UNESCO's World Cultural Landscapes.

Pienza was rebuilt from a village called Corsignano, which was the birthplace (1405) of Aeneas Silvius Piccolomini (Italian: Enea Silvio Piccolomini), a Renaissance humanist born into an exiled Sienese family, who later became Pope Pius II. Once he became Pope, Piccolomini had the entire village rebuilt as an ideal Renaissance town. Intended as a retreat from Rome, it represents the first application of humanist urban planning concepts.The rebuilding was done by Florentine architect Bernardo Gambarelli (known as Bernardo Rossellino).

The piazza is made by four buildings. The principal residence, "Palazzo Piccolomini", is on the west side.
The "Duomo" (Cathedral), which dominates the center of the piazza, has a façade that is one of the earliest designed in the Renaissance manner. Artworks in the Duomo include five altar paintings from the Sienese School. The Baptistry, dedicated as usual to "San Giovanni".
The "Palazzo Borgia", on the third side of the piazza, was built as the palace to house the bishops who would travel to Pienza to attend the Pope. Inside the palace there is the Diocesan Museum, and the Museo della Cattedrale. The collection includes a lot of religious artifacts. Paintings include a 7th-century painting of "Christ on the Cross" ("La Croce"), 14th century works by Pietro Lorenzetti ("Madonna with Child") and Bartolo di Fredi ("Madonna della Misericordia"). There are also important works from the 14th and 15th centuries, including a Madonna attributed to Luca Signorelli.
Across from the church is the town hall. Since Corsigniano was originally a village without a town governance, before the transformations there was no town hall. But when Corsigniano was given the status of an official city, a "Palazzo Comunale" was required. A third floor was added in 1599. The "Palazzo Comunale" was probably also designed by Rossellino.





Interactive whiteboard

An interactive whiteboard is a large, interactive screen that connects a computer and a projector. The projector projects the computer's desktop onto the screen of the interactive whiteboard. The user can control the computer by using a special pen, finger or another tool to touch the screen of the interactive whiteboard. Normally, interactive whiteboards are fixed on walls. However, there are some mobile interactive whiteboards. Interactive whiteboards are used in many different places such as in classrooms, in work groups and in training rooms for professional coaching. Interactive whiteboards are the modern version of the traditional whiteboards used in schools.

The interactive whiteboard must be connected to an PC before you can use the whiteboard. Most whiteboards are connected to the computer's Serial port or to a USB port. Some newer systems can use a wireless connection to the computer.
The summary of use the interactive whiteboard includes three words: controlling, translation and presentation.


Teachers: 

For students:

Front-projection:
In this system the projector is placed in front of the whiteboard. Either the projector is fixed on the whiteboard or it hangs on the ceiling.

"Pros"

Compared to the rear projection this system is much cheaper

"Cons"

The teacher or the student must stand in front of the whiteboard and sometimes their body will cast a shadow.

Rear-projection:
In the rear-projection system the projector is placed behind the whiteboard.

"Pros"

The teacher does not cast a shadow and does not look into the projector light while speaking to the students.

"Cons"

This system is very expensive.

Sue (dinosaur)

"Sue" is the nickname given to FMNH PR 2081, one of the largest, most complete and best preserved "Tyrannosaurus rex" fossil ever found. 

Sue was discovered in the summer of 1990 by Sue Hendrickson, a paleontologist, and was named after her. She contacted the Black Hills Institute, whose staff retrieved and prepared the bones.

First, ownership disputes were settled in court. There was a long dispute between the owners of the land, the Sioux tribe, the United States Department of the Interior, and the Black Hills Institute, whose staff had done the work.

The fossil was then auctioned in October 1997 for US$8.36 million, the highest amount ever paid for a dinosaur fossil.

After preparation, the skeleton became a permanent feature at the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago, Illinois. The money had been raised by public subscription.

Some researchers think the skeleton shows evidence that Sue suffered from the painful condition known as gout.
Sue's roars were created with input from Sue using various animal sounds which were altered. Some of the roars were reused for Godzilla thirty years later in the short film "". Several roars were reused for Alex the Lion thirty-one years later in the animated recap The Ultimate "Madagascar" Recap Cartoon.

Tuscan food

This is a list of food from the area of Tuscany, Italy.

Karpenisi

Karpenisi is a mountainous Greek city. It is a small city in Eyritania district. Karpenisi is the capital of Eyritania prefecture. Eyritania prefecture has the most mountains of any other prefecture of Greece. There are mountains everywhere in the Eyritania prefecture. The highest point of Karpenisi is at the top of the Tymphristos Mountain, which is 2,315 meters high. Around 7,300 people live in Karpenisi, says the census taken in 2001. Karpenisi is built at an altitude of 960 meters. It sits on the slopes of the Tymphristos mountain. Lamia is east of Karpenisi. Karpenisi is smaller town than Lamia. Lamia also serves the district of Karpenisi. 

Today, Karpenisi is one of the most important winter resorts in Greece. In winter, many Greeks go there in order to do winter sports. The people visiting go skiing and hiking in the forests of Karpenisi. Karpenisi is surrounded by a fir forest. 

Empoli

Empoli is a town in Tuscany, Italy, about 30 km southwest of Florence. It is 30 m above sea-level, to the south of the Arno. The plain of the town has been usable for agriculture since Roman times. Empoli is on the main railway line from Florence to Pisa and is well joined with the city of Siena. 

Empoli has a long tradition as an agricultural centre. It has given its name to a local kind of artichoke.

Empoli was already settled in the time of the early Roman Empire, and still existed in the 4th century AD. The river near the city was a good route for the trade of agricultural products, together with the local amphorae. 
Since the 8th century Empoli grew as a town around the castle, known as "Emporium" or "Empolis". In 1119 it was controlled by Guidi. In 1182, it went under Florentine rule. In 1260, after the Battle of Montaperti, Empoli was the seat of a famous council in which Farinata degli Uberti opposed the destruction of Florence. Later Empoli became an important fortress.


In the "frazione" of Pontorme is the house of the painter Pontormo.


Empoli's main football team is Empoli F.C., which is currently playing in Serie B.


Igoumenitsa

Igoumenitsa is a small Greek city. It has a population of about 9,644 people. It is found in the north-western part of Greece in the Ipiros periphery. It is a city built along the coast of the Ionian Sea. It has a big port which links Igoumenitsa with the Italian cities of Bari, Ancona and Brintezi. It is the second important port of Greece along the Ionian Sea, after the port in the city of Patras.

Larderello

Larderello is a "frazione" of the "comune" of Pomarance, in Tuscany in central Italy. Larderello is famous for its geothermal productivity.

The region was known from ancient times for its volcanic nature and for the very hot springs. The Romans used its sulphur springs for bathing. In 1827, François de Larderel, a Frenchman, invented a way of extracting boric acid from the volcanic mud by using steam to separate the two. The town Larderello has the name in honour of Larderel's work. The region was the site of a pioneering experiment in the production of energy from geothermal sources in 1904. Prince Piero Ginori Conti tested the first geothermal power generator on 4 July 1904, at the Larderello dry steam field in Italy. It was a small generator that lit four light bulbs. Later, in 1911, the world's first geothermal power plant was built there. In 1911, the world's first geothermal power plant was built in the Valle del Diavolo ("Devil's Valley"), named for the boiling water in the area. Larderello now produces 10% of the world's entire supply of geothermal electricity, amounting to 4,800 GWh per year.


Minneapolis Millers

The Minneapolis Millers were an ice hockey team that played in the American Hockey Association. A famous player who played for the Millers was Tiny Thompson.

American Hockey Association

There were two different American Hockey Associations:



American Hockey Association (1926–1942)

The American Hockey Association was a small professional ice hockey league. It was active between 1926 and 1942.


The Harry F. Sinclair Trophy was awarded to the league champions.


Bellevue, Alberta

Bellevue is a small hamlet near the Crowsnest Pass of the Rocky Mountains found in southern Alberta, Canada. About 350 people live in Bellevue. It is currently part of the Municipality of Crowsnest Pass, where about 6,500 people live.

College of William &amp; Mary

The College of William & Mary in Virginia (also known as The College of William & Mary, The College, William & Mary, or W&M) is a public university in Williamsburg, Virginia, United States. It was founded in 1693 by a Royal Charter issued by King William III and Queen Mary II. It is the second-oldest institution of higher education in the United States.

William & Mary educated U.S. Presidents Thomas Jefferson, James Monroe, and John Tyler as well as other key figures important to the development of the nation, including U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, Speaker of the House Henry Clay and 16 signers of the Declaration of Independence. In 2008, the college had 5,850 undergraduate students and 2,042 graduate and professional students in and gave 1,454 bachelors, 440 masters, and 209 professional degrees.
The Sir Christopher Wren Building is both the oldest college building in the United States and a National Historic Landmark. The building, nicknamed just the "Wren Building", got its new name in 1931 to honor the English architect Sir Christopher Wren. The first building, in 1699, was designed by Sir Christopher Wren. Not much is known about how the first building looked. It burned down within a few years of its completion.

Tramway track

Tramway tracks are used on tramways or light railways. Grooved rails (or girder rails) are normally used to let the trams run on streets. This is called "street-running". Like normal rail tracks, tram tracks consist of two parallel steel rails.

Tram rails can be placed in several surfaces. Standard rails can be put on sleepers like railway tracks, or with grooved rails on concrete sleepers into street surfaces (pavement) for street running. Another environmentally-friendly or ecologically-friendly alternative is to lay tracks into grass turf surfaces. This is known as "grassed track" (or "track in a lawn"). It was first used in Liverpool in 1924.

Light rail

Light rail or light rail transit (LRT) is a form of urban rail public transportation. Generally it can carry fewer people and has a lower speed than heavy rail/metro systems, but it can carry more people and has a higher speed than street-running tram systems. The term is normally used to refer to rail systems with rapid transit-style features that usually use electric rail cars operating mostly in private rights-of-way separated from other traffic but sometimes, if necessary, mixed with other traffic in city streets. Modern light rail technology is highly flexible in how it can be used, and whether any given system is considered a true rapid transit system or not depends on its implementation.


London County Council Tramways

The London County Council Tramways was a large network of public street tramways. They were formed in 1899. They were run by the council in the County of London, UK. In 1933 they were taken over by the London Passenger Transport Board.

PCC streetcar

The PCC (Presidents' Conference Committee) streetcar (tram) design was first built in the United States in the 1930s. The design was very successful in America. After World War II it was allowed to be used in other countries in the world. The PCC car has proved to be a long lasting icon of streetcar design, and PCC cars are still in service in various places around the world.

Heritage Lottery Fund

The Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) is a fund established in the United Kingdom under the National Lottery etc. Act 1993. The Fund opened for applications in 1994. It uses money raised through the National Lottery to transform and sustain the UK’s heritage. From museums, parks and historic places to archaeology, the natural environment and cultural traditions, HLF provides grants to support all aspects of the UK's diverse heritage.

By 2008, HLF had awarded a total of £4 billion to more than 26,000 projects across the UK.

Douglas, Isle of Man

Douglas () is the capital and largest town of the Isle of Man

In 1869, Douglas became the capital city of Isle of Man.


Gateshead

Gateshead is a town in Tyne and Wear, England. It lies on the southern bank of the River Tyne, opposite Newcastle upon Tyne. Gateshead town centre and Newcastle city centre are very close to one another, and together they form the urban core of Tyneside. Gateshead is the main settlement in the Metropolitan Borough of Gateshead.

Ambergate

Ambergate is a village in Derbyshire, England, where the River Amber joins the River Derwent.

Rotherham

Rotherham is a town in South Yorkshire, England. It lies on the River Don, close to its confluence with the River Rother, between Sheffield and Doncaster. Its football club, Rotherham United F.C., was founded in 1870.


Grimsby

Grimsby (or Great Grimsby) is a seaport on the Humber Estuary in Lincolnshire, England.

Halle, Saxony-Anhalt

Halle (also called "Halle an der Saale") is the largest town in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt. It lies in the southern part of the state, on the river Saale. It has about 234,000 inhabitants (2006). It is famous all over the world because Georg Friedrich Handel was born there. In 1904 Reinhard Heydrich was born here who became the most evil Nazi in 1941-1942 .

Trams in London

There have been two separate generations of trams in London, from 1860 to 1952 and from 2000. Between 1952 and 2000 no trams ran in London. 

The decision to abolish the first generation of trams was taken in a way which allowed various interested groups to have a say, but with little or no consultation to or with the general population. The debate was largely about trams on London, and made in a way which reflected the time when the British Labour Party controlled both London and the UK.

The first trams in London were authorised by an Act of Parliament in 1870. They were, of course, horse-drawn at that time, although steam power was also possible.

List of United Kingdom locations: Aa-Ak

The following is a list of United Kingdom locations, by letter:

Clay Cross

Clay Cross is a former mining town in north east Derbyshire, England. It is six miles south of Chesterfield. It is the former Roman road "Ryknield Street". Near by settlements are "North Wingfield", "Tupton", "Pilsley", "Ashover", and "Tibshelf".

Talyllyn Railway

The Talyllyn Railway () is a narrow-gauge preserved railway in Wales. It runs for from Tywyn on the Mid-Wales coast to Nant Gwernol near the village of Abergynolwyn. The line was opened in 1866 to carry slate from the quarries at Bryn Eglwys to Tywyn. It was the first narrow gauge railway in Britain authorised by Act of Parliament to carry passengers using steam haulage. Despite severe under-investment, the line remained open, and in 1951 it became the first railway in the world to be preserved as a heritage railway by volunteers. 

Since preservation, the railway has operated as a tourist attraction. It has increased the amount of rolling stock it has. It has done this by buying and building new locomotives and carriages. In 1976, an extension was opened along the former mineral line from Abergynolwyn to the new station at Nant Gwernol. In 2001, the preservation society celebrated its 50th anniversary. In 2005 a major rebuilding and extension of Tywyn Wharf station took place. This included a much-expanded facility for the Narrow Gauge Railway Museum.

The fictional Skarloey Railway was based on the Talyllyn Railway. This fictional railway formed part of the Railway Series of children's books by The Rev. W. Awdry. The preservation of the line inspired the Ealing Comedy film "The Titfield Thunderbolt".

The origin of the railway's name is uncertain. It could refer to the parish of Talyllyn, which contains its eastern terminus. Or it could come from Tal-y-llyn. Tal-y-llyn is a large glacial ribbon lake at the foot of Cadair Idris further east. The gauge of the track is unusual. It was shared by only three other public railways in the United Kingdom: the nearby Corris Railway (which predated the Talyllyn), and the subsequent Plynlimon and Hafan Tramway and Campbeltown and Machrihanish Light Railway.

Slate quarrying began in the hills above Tywyn in the 1830s. Although many small quarries and test levels were established, only one major quarry was developed in the region. It was at Bryn Eglwys, north east of the town. Underground working began in the early 1840s. By 1847 the quarry was being worked by local landowner John Pughe. The finished slates were sent by packhorse to the wharf at Pennal. They were then transferred to boats for a river trip to Aberdyfi (also known as Aberdovey). Finally they were loaded into seagoing vessels. This was a complex and expensive transportation arrangement which limited the quarry's output. In 1861 the outbreak of the American Civil War cut off supplies of cotton to the mills of the north west of England. As a result a number of prosperous mill owners looked for new business opportunities to diversify their interests. One such owner was William McConnel of Lancashire. In 1859 he purchased a house near Dolgellau, north of Tywyn. In January 1864, McConnel formed the Aberdovey Slate Company. The company leased the land including Bryn Eglwys from the landowner, Lewis Morris of Machynlleth.
McConnel set about improving Bryn Eglwys to increase its output. In 1865 his company earmarked money for the construction of a narrow gauge railway connecting the quarry with the port of Aberdyfi. The standard gauge Aberystwyth and Welsh Coast Railway was expanding rapidly from its base at Machynlleth however. In 1863 this railway had reached Tywyn, so McConnel decided to build his line from the quarry to Tywyn. This was the nearest point where slate could be transferred to the standard gauge railway. This was despite the line's initial isolation from the rest of the system because of difficulties in bridging the estuary of the Afon Dyfi to the south. An Act of Parliament (28 and 29 Vict, cap cccxv) allowing the company to operate passenger trains as a public railway was given Royal Assent on 5 July 186., The company appointed James Swinton Spooner as engineer for the construction. He laid out plans for a relatively straight line climbing steadily from Tywyn to the quarry and work quickly got underway. By September 1866 construction had advanced to the point where the Board of Trade inspector Captain Henry Tyler could make an initial inspection and report.

Tyler's report led to an unusual alteration. It was discovered that the loading gauge of the line was too small. The internal width of the overbridges was only , but the railway's passenger carriages were wide. This left less than clearance on either side, which was less than the minimum required clearance of . To alleviate this problem, McConnel proposed that the doors on one side of each carriage be permanently barred and the track slewed off-centre beneath the bridges. This would allow adequate clearance at least on the side with doors and mean that passengers could get out of the carriages if the train stopped underneath a bridge. Tyler agreed to this arrangement, and to this day all carriages on the Talyllyn have doors on one side only, an unusual feature for a public railway. This feature is however shared with the neighbouring Corris Railway, though for different reasons. Tyler also required that improvements be made to the railway's first two steam locomotives, as locomotive No. 1 suffered from excessive "vertical motion" and No. 2 was said to suffer from "horizontal oscillation". No. 1 was returned to its manufacturer where a set of trailing wheels was added to reduce the rear overhang. The springs on No. 2 were adjusted and the crank pins shortened to reduce its oscillation.

The railway opened with two locomotives, one was a carriage and the other carried goods. They were ran under a "one engine in steam" rule to make sure they did not crash into each other. At the beginning, locomotives were kept in a shed made of wood at Ty Dwr at the Abergynolwyn station. This was when the main engineering department of the Tayllyn was being built at . The engineering department opened up on February 17 1867.

When Talyllyn opened there were two train stations it visited, one at Pendre and the other at Abergynolwyn. In 1867, the station at opened. In 1873, and stations opened. Eventually, a line that ran from the Abergynolwyn station to the actual village of Abergynolwyn was opened. People could take an incline down a hill from the station to the town. From there, people could take a one of the many trams that ran through the village. Supplies like coal, building materials, and other things were sent down the incline from the train station to the village.

The railway used steam locomotives when it opened. The two original locomotives were made by Fletcher, Jennings & Co. of Whitehaven in Cumbria. Both of them are still used today but many of the parts inside and outside have been replaced. Talyllyn has a rare gauge. This is thought to match the gauge at Corris Railway. The locomotives at Talyllyn might be the oldest of their kind for making sure they fit that type of gauge. The locomotives, "Talyllyn" and "Dolgoch" used to carry slate from the quarry at Tywyn. It also carried other things. Trains that carried people, called passenger trains, traveled between Abergynolwyn, Dolgoch and Pendre. Men who worked on the quarries also traveled on trains, despite those trains not being able to be used by the public. Those trains traveled from Abergynolwyn to Alltwyllt and into Nant Gwernol.

The line was very successful when it opened. As of 1880, 300 people worked in the local slate industry. Over of slate was sent by train each year. Over 11,500 people first road the trains in 1867. By 1877, over 23,000 people were using the train.

Starting in the 1880s, the "Grand Tour" was popular with people visiting the area, called tourists. People could take the Talyllyn and Corris trains and go through Tal-y-llyn Lake and Cadair Idris. Then, when they returned, they could use Cambrian Railways trains. The need for slate slowed down for the last twenty years of the 1880s. Many quarries fired people or closed. Even the quarries that dug up more slate due to other quarries closing often closed eventually. This made the need for the trains less, and made the railroad companies make less money.

Eventually, the biggest quarry in the area, Bryn Eglwys closed. Most of the people who had jobs in Abergynolwyn worked at that quarry. Many people were hurt by the closure. A man who lived in Abergynolwyn, named Henry Haydn Jones bought Bryn Eglwys. He also became a MP for the Liberal representing Merioneth. The quarry, which had closed, reopened in January 1911. Haydn Jones had no money to put into the quarry. But, when workers started mining in the quarry they pulled slate from the "Broad Vein" section. That section had slate that was very hard. It was not popular and most people did not want to buy it. They stopped getting slate from the Broad Vein and started getting slate from the "Narrow Vein," which had slate that was softer and that people wanted to buy. It was very expensive to build a new mind in the Narrow Vein. So, to save money, Haydn Jones made very small entrances into the mine, which were considered unsafe by many people. The sales of slate rose during World War I because people started building new buildings after they were destroyed in the war.

After the war ended, and after 1920, people started traveling more to see the sights of Britain. The number of people who wrote on the Talyllyn rose and places that once stored slate were used to seat people, instead. Tourists could even rent slate wagons, which were used to transport slate only, as a fun thing to experience. A Gravity railway was used to move people on the wagons. People were no longer able to ride in the wagons as of the 1930s. Tourists brought more money into the area and helped the railway survive, but, Haydn Jones never made money. 

The rental contract on Bryn Eglwys ended in 1942. But, Haydn Jones could renew it each year. People were still visiting the area as tourists. In October 1942, two return trains ran on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. The trip was 45 minutes long one way. They did not let people ride the trains on Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and Sunday. In 1946, the was a collapse in Bryn Eglwys. The quarry was called unsafe and people could not use it. It was closed. Haydn Jones kept running the railway and said he would do so until he died. In 1947, most of the railroads in Britain were bought by the government. Talyllyn remained owned by Haydn Jones. Between 1947 and 1949, people could ride the train two days a week. Haydn Jones died on July 2 1950. The railway kept running until October 6.

In 1949, Tom Rolt, who was a writer, visited the railway. David Curwen, who was a locomotive engineer, visited with him. In the summer of 1950, Rolt wrote a letter to the "Birmingham Post". He told them that it was important to rescue Talyllyn. Many people had interest in this. On October 11 1950, a meeting was held about it in Birmingham at the Imperial Hotel. About 70 people attended. Rolt told them that he thought they should make a committee, or a team, to look into buying the railway. The committee met again on October 23. They met with the people who ran Haydn Jones' finances after he had died.

It was very hard due to the law to make the committee the owners of the railway. Both the committee and Haydn Jones' people thought it was a good idea to have Jones' stop being the owner. They decided to make a new company, called Talyllyn Holdings, the owner. The company was a mix of people from the committee and from Jones' group. The company started running the railway on February 8 1951. They changed the name of the company to a non-profit called the Talyllyn Railway Preservation Society. The Society started to advertise that they wanted to save the railway and asked for people to donate money. They also wanted to find people to volunteer to help run the railway. By May, almost 650 people had donated and became members of the Society. The railway re-opened on Whit Monday, on May 14 1951. Trains ran between Wharf and Rhydyronen. Starting on June 4, trains ran daily until the summer. David Curwen was the Chief Mechanical Engineer.

When the railway re-opened again it needed a lot of work done to it to fix things and update it. They bought two more steam locomotives from Corris Railway in 1951. They were named "Sir Haydn" and "Edward Thomas". In 1951, "Sir Haydn" became the first new locomotive to travel on Talyllyn Railway in over 80 years. It derailed a lot because the Talyllyn Railway was slightly wider than the Corris Railway. Eventually this was fixed by changing the width of the railway and changing parts of the locomotive wheels. The "Edward Thomas" needed a lot of service, but it was too expensive to fix. A man who was on the Preservation Society board of directors, John Alcock, had his company, the Hunslet Engine Company fix it for free.
Another locomotive was donated to the Society by an engineering company in Birmingham called Abelsons Limited. The locomotive was named "Douglas". It was built for the depot railway and was used by the RAF Calshot until 1945. It started being used by the public in 1954. Through the 1950s volunteers and Society staff members helped fix the railway tracks.

On May 22 1957, the BBC produced a live television program at the railway. Wynford Vaughan Thomas and Huw Weldon road the train from Dolgoch to Abergynolwyn. As a result of the television program, more people used the train. Over 57,000 people road the train that summer. The money that those people paid helped the Society improve the railway. In 1958, the original "Talyllyn" locomotive was put back in service.

At the Tywyn Wharf train station a museum was opened. It is called the Narrow Gauge Railway Museum. The first object that was displayed at the museum was the Guinness Brewery locomotive. It was donated to the museum in 1952. The museum opened in 1956.



Hill of Howth Tramway

The Hill of Howth Tramway, or just Howth Tram, operated from June 1901 to June 1959 and served Howth Head, near Dublin, Ireland. The service was run by the Great Northern Railway (Ireland) (GNR(I)), which viewed it as a way to bring more customers to its railway stations at Sutton and Howth.

Trolley pole

A trolley pole is a tapered cylindrical pole of wood or metal, used to transfer electricity from a "live" overhead wire to the control and propulsion equipment of a tram or trolley bus. The use of overhead wire in a railway electrification system is said to be the 1880 invention of Frank J. Sprague.


Bow collector

A bow collector is one of the three main devices used on tramcars to transfer electric current from the overhead lines above to the tram below. While once very common in continental Europe, it has now been largely replaced by the pantograph.


Pantograph (rail)

A pantograph is a device that collects electric current from overhead lines for electric trains or trams. The term stems from the resemblance to pantograph devices for copying writing and drawings.


Assist (ice hockey)

In ice hockey, an assist is when up to two players of the scoring team shoots, passes or sends the puck towards the scoring teammate, or touched it in any other way which made the goal. This usually means that they "assisted" in the goal. At most, there can only be 2 assists for each goal.


Water Stratford

Water Stratford is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire, England. 

List of settlements in Cambridgeshire

The following is a list of cities, towns and villages in the county of Cambridgeshire, England, by letter: 

Abington Pigotts - Aldreth - America - Arrington - Ashley - Abbots Ripton - Abbotsley - Alconbury - Alconbury Weston - Alwalton
Babraham - Balsham - Bar Hill - Barnwell - Barrington - Bartlow - Barton - Barway - Bassingbourn - Benwick - Blackhorse Drove - Bottisham - Bourn - Boxworth - Brinkley - Burrough Green - Burwell - Barham - Bluntisham - Brampton - Brington - Broughton - Buckden - Buckworth - Bury - Bythorn

Caldecote - Caldecote (Huntingdonshire) - Cambourne - Cambridge - Camps End - Cardinals Green - Carlton - Castle Camps - Catworth - Caxton - Chatteris - Cherry Hinton - Chesterton, Cambridge - Chesterton, Huntingdonshire - Chettisham - Cheveley - Childerley - Chippenham - Chittering - Christchurch - Coates - Coldham - Collett's Bridge - Colne - Conington - Coppingford - Comberton - Commercial End - Coton - Cottenham - Coveney - Covington - Croxton - Croydon

Ditton Green - Doddington - Downham - Dry Drayton - Dullingham - Duxford - Denton - Diddington
East Hatley - Eastrea - Eaton Ford - Eaton Socon - Elm - Elsworth - Eltisley - Ely - Euximoor - Earith - Easton - Ellington - Elton - Eynesbury - Eynesbury Hardwicke
Fen Ditton - Fen Drayton - Fitton End - Fordham - Foul Anchor - Four Gotes - Fowlmere - Foxton - Friday Bridge - Fulbourn - Farcet - Fenstanton - Fenton - Folksworth
Gamlingay - Girton - Gorefield - Grantchester - Graveley - Great Abington - Great Chishill - Great Eversden - Great Shelford - Great Wilbraham - Guilden Morden - Guyhirn - Glatton - Godmanchester - Grafham - Great Gidding - Great Gransden - Great Paxton - Great Staughton

Haddenham - Hardwick - Harlton - Harston - Haslingfield - Hatley St George - Hatley - Hauxton - Heydon - Highfields - Hildersham - Hinxton - Histon - Horningsea - Horseheath - Haddon - Hail Weston - Hamerton - Hemingford Abbots - Hemingford Grey - Hilton - Holme - Holywell - Houghton - Huntingdon

Ickleton - Impington - Isleham

Jesus Lane

Kennett - Keyston - Kimbolton - Kingston - Kings Ripton - Kirtling - Knapwell - Kneesworth

Landbeach - Leverington - Linton - Litlington - Little Abington - Little Chishill - Little Ditton - Little Downham - Little Eversden - Little Gransden - Little Ouse - Little Shelford - Little Thetford - Little Wilbraham - Littleport - Lode - Lolworth - Long Meadow - Longstanton - Longstowe - Leighton Bromswold - Little Gidding - Little Paxton

Madingley - Manea - March - Melbourn - Meldreth - Mepal - Milton - Murrow - Midloe - Molesworth - Morborne
Newton - Needingworth
Oakington - Orwell - Over - Offord Cluny - Offord D'Arcy - Oldhurst - Old Weston
Pampisford - Papworth Everard - Papworth St Agnes - Parson Drove - Peterborough - Pondersbridge - Prickwillow - Pymore - Perry - Pidley
Queen Adelaide
Rampton - Ramsey Mereside - Reach - Ring's End - Ramsey - Ramsey Forty Foot - Ramsey Heights - Ramsey St Mary's - The Raveleys
Sawston - Saxon Street - Shepreth - Shingay - Shudy Camps - Snailwell - Soham - Stapleford - Steeple Morden - Stetchworth - Stonea - Stow-cum-Quy - Streetley End - Stretham - Stuntney - Sutton - Sutton Gault - Sutton-in-the-Isle - Swaffham Bulbeck - Swaffham Prior - Swavesey - St Ives - St Neots - Sawtry - Sibson - Somersham - Southoe - Spaldwick - Steeple Gidding - Stibbington - Stilton - Stonely - Stow Longa - The Stukeleys - Swingbrow

Tadlow - Tetworth - Teversham - Tholomas Drove - Thorney - Thorney Toll - Thriplow - Tilbrook - Tips End - Toft - Toseland - Trumpington - Turves - Tydd Gote - Tydd St Giles

Upend - Upware - Upton - Upwood

Wardy Hill - Waterbeach - Welches Dam - Wendy - Wentworth - West Wickham - West Wratting - Westley Waterless - Weston Colville - Weston Green - Westry - Westwick - Whaddon - Whittlesey - Whittlesford Bridge - Whittlesford - Wicken - Wilburton - Willingham - Wimblington - Wimpole - Wisbech - Wisbech St Mary - Witcham - Witchford - Woodditton - Warboys - Waresley - Washingley - Water Newton - Winwick - Wistow - Woodwalton - Woolley - Woodhurst - Wothorpe - Wyton

Yaxley - Yelling

List of settlements in Northern Ireland by county

The following is a list of places in Northern Ireland, by county:



List of towns and villages in Northern Ireland

This is an alphabetical list of towns and villages in Northern Ireland. The towns of Armagh, Lisburn and Newry are also classed as cities (see city status in the United Kingdom). 

The Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency (NISRA) uses these definitions:

Towns are listed in bold.

Acton, Aghacommon, Aghadowey, Aghadrumsee, Aghagallon, Aghalee, Ahoghill, Aldergrove, Altamuskin, Altishane, Altmore, Annaclone, Annaghmore, Annahilt, Annahugh, Annalong, Annsborough, Antrim, Ardboe, Ardgarvan, Ardglass, Ardmore, Ardstraw, Armoy, Arney, Articlave, Artigarvan, Artikelly, Atticall, Aughafatten, Augher, Aughnacloy

Ballela, Ballerin, Ballinamallard, Ballintoy, Balloo, Ballybogy, Ballycarry, Ballycassidy, Ballycastle, Ballyclare, Ballyeaston, Ballygalley, Ballygawley, Ballygowan, Ballyhalbert, Ballyhornan, Ballykelly, Ballykilner, Ballylesson, Ballylinney, Ballymacmaine, Ballymacnab, Ballymagorry, Ballymartin, Ballymaguigan, Ballymena, Ballymoney, Ballynahinch, Ballynure, Ballyrashane, Ballyrobert, Ballyronan, Ballyrory, Ballyscullion, Ballyskeagh, Ballystrudder, Ballyvoy, Ballywalter, Balnamore, Banagher, Banbridge, Bangor, Bannfoot, Belcoo, Bellaghy, Bellanaleck, Bellarena, Belleek, Belleeks, Benburb, Bendooragh, Beragh, Bessbrook, Blackskull, Blackwatertown, Blaney, Bleary, Boho, Brackaville, Bready, Brockagh, Brookeborough, Broomhill, Broughshane, Bryansford, Buckna, Burnfoot, Burren, Bushmills

Caledon, Camlough, Campsie, Capecastle, Cappagh, Cargan, Carnalbanagh, Carncastle, Carnlough, Carnteel, Carrickaness, Carrickfergus, Carrickmore, Carrowclare, Carrowdore, Carrybridge, Carryduff, Castlecaulfield, Castledawson, Castlederg, Castlerock, Castlewellan, Charlemont, Clabby, Clady (Co. Londonderry), Clady (Co. Tyrone), Cladymore, Clanabogan, Claudy, Clogh, Clogher, Cloghy, Clonmore, Clonoe, Clough, Cloughmills, Coagh, Coalisland, Cogry-Kilbride, Coleraine, Collegeland, Comber,(convoy) Conlig, Cookstown, Corbet, Corrinshego, Craigarogan, Craigavon, Cranagh, Crawfordsburn, Creagh, Creggan, Crossgar, Crossmaglen, Crumlin, Cullaville, Cullybackey, Cullyhanna, Culmore, Culnady, Curran, Cushendall, Cushendun

Darkley, Derryadd, Derrycrin, Derrygonnelly, Derryhale, Derrylin, Derrymacash, Derrymore, Derrynaflaw, Derrynoose, Derrytrasna, Derryvore, Dervock, Desertmartin, Doagh, Dollingstown, Donagh, Donaghadee, Donaghcloney, Donaghey, Donaghmore, Donegore, Dooish, Dorsey, Douglas Bridge, Downhill, Downpatrick, Draperstown, Drinns Bay, Dromara, Dromintee, Dromore (Co. Down), Dromore (Co. Tyrone), Drumaness, Drumbeg, Drumbo, Drumlaghy, Drumlough (near Hillsborough), Drumlough (near Rathfriland), Drummullan, Drumnacanvy, Drumnakilly, Drumquin, Drumraighland, Drumsurn, Dunadry, Dundonald, Dundrod, Dundrum, Dungannon, Dungiven, Dunloy, Dunnamanagh, Dunnamore, Dunnaval, Dunseverick

Edenaveys, Edenderry (Co. Down), Edenderry (Co. Tyrone), Ederney, Eglinton, Eglish, Enniskillen, Erganagh, Eskra

Feeny, Fintona, Fivemiletown, Florencecourt, Foreglen, Forkill

Galbally, Gamblestown, Garrison, Garvagh, Garvaghey, Garvetagh, Gawley's Gate, Gibson's Hill, Gilford, Gillygooly, Glack, Glebe, Glenarm, Glenavy, Glenmornan, Glenoe, Glenone, Glynn, Gortaclare, Gortin, Gortnahey, Goshedan, Gracehill, Grange Corner, Granville, Greencastle, Greenisland, Greyabbey, Greysteel, Groggan, Groomsport, Gulladuff

Halfpenny Gate, Hamiltonsbawn, Helen's Bay, Hillhall, Hillsborough, Hilltown, Holywell, Holywood

Inishrush, Irvinestown

Jonesborough

Katesbridge, Keady, Kells-Connor, Kellswater, Kesh, Keshbridge, Kilcoo, Kildress, Kilkeel, Killadeas, Killaloo, Killay, Killead, Killeen, Killen, Killeter, Killinchy, Killough, Killowen, Killylea, Killyleagh, Killyman, Killywool, Kilmore (Co. Armagh), Kilrea, Kilskeery, Kinallen, Kinawley, Kircubbin, Knockcloghrim, Knockmoyle, Knocknacarry

Lack, Landahaussy, Largy, Larne, Lawrencetown, Letterbreen, Lettershendoney, Limavady, Lisbellaw, Lislea, Lisnadill, Lisnarick, Lisnaskea, Loughbrickland, Loughgall, Loughgilly, Loughguile, Loughinisland, Loughmacrory, Loup, Lower Ballinderry, Lurgan, Lurganare, Lurganure, Lurganville. Leitrim

Macken, Macosquin, Madden, Maghaberry, Maghera, Magheraconluce, Magherafelt, Magheralin, Magheramason, Magheramorne, Magheraveely, Maghery, Maguiresbridge, Markethill, Martinstown, Maydown, Mayobridge, Mazetown, Meigh, Middletown, Milford, Millbank, Mill Bay, Millisle, Milltown (Co. Antrim), Moira, Monea, Moneyglass, Moneymore, Moneyneany, Moneyreagh, Moneyslane, Monteith, Moortown, Moss-Side, Mountfield, Mountjoy, Mounthill, Mountnorris, Moy, Moygashel, Mullaghbawn, Mullaghboy, Mullaghbrack, Mullaghglass, Mullavilly-Laurelvale

Newbuildings, Newcastle, Newtown Crommelin, Newtownabbey, Newtownards, Newtownbutler, Newtowncloghoge, Newtownhamilton, Newtownstewart, Nixon's Corner, Newmills

Omagh

Park, Parkgate, Plumbridge, Pomeroy, Portadown, Portaferry, Portavogie, Portballintrae, Portbraddon, Portglenone, Portrush, Portstewart, Poyntzpass

Randalstown, Rasharkin, Rathfriland, Ravernet, Richhill, Ringsend, Rock, Rosslea, Rostrevor, Roughfort, Rousky

Saintfield, Sandholes, Scarva, Scotch Street, Seaforde, Seskinore, Shanmaghery, Shanvey, Sheeptown, Shrigley, Silverbridge, Sion Mills, Sixmilecross, Skea, Spa, Spamount, Springfield, Stewartstown, Stoneyford, Strabane, Straid, Straidarran, Strangford, Stranocum, Strathfoyle, Straw, Swatragh

Tamlaght (Co. Fermanagh), Tamlaght (Co. Londonderry), Tamnamore, Tandragee, Tartaraghan, Teemore, Templepatrick, Tempo, The Birches, Tobermore, Toome, Trillick, Trory, Tullyhogue, Tullyhommon, Tullylish, Tullynacross, Tullywiggan, Tynan

Upper Ballinderry, Upperlands

Victoria Bridge

Waringsford, Waringstown, Warrenpoint, Washing Bay, Waterfoot, Whitecross, Whitehead, Whiterock



List of towns in Northern Ireland

The following is a list of towns in Northern Ireland, by letter:

















Burnt Hill

Burnt Hill is a hamlet in Berkshire, England. It can be found in the civil parish of Yattendon.

Bar Hill

Bar Hill is a village that can be found about 4 miles (7 km) northwest of Cambridge, in South Cambridgeshire, Cambridgeshire, England. In 2001 there were 4,233 people living in Bar Hill.

Yielden

Yielden is a village in Bedfordshire. It is near the borders with Northamptonshire and Cambridgeshire.


Mislea, Prahova

Mislea is a commune of Prahova County in Romania.

Dartmouth College

Dartmouth College () is a private, coeducational university in Hanover, New Hampshire. Incorporated as "Trustees of Dartmouth College,"
it is a member of the Ivy League and one of the nine Colonial Colleges founded before the American Revolution. In addition to its undergraduate liberal arts program, Dartmouth has medical, engineering, and business schools, as well as 19 graduate programs in the arts and sciences. With a total enrollment of 5,848, Dartmouth is the smallest school in the Ivy League.

The college was established in 1769 by Congregational minister Eleazar Wheelock who wanted to use the college to Christianize the Native Americans. In 2004, Booz Allen Hamilton selected Dartmouth College as a model of institutional endurance "whose record of endurance has had implications and benefits for all American organizations, both academic and commercial," citing "Trustees of Dartmouth College v. Woodward" and Dartmouth's successful self-reinvention in the late 1800s. Dartmouth alumni, from Daniel Webster to the many donors in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, have been famously involved in their college.

Dartmouth is on a rural 269-acre (1.1 km²) campus in the Upper Valley region of New Hampshire. Given the College's isolated location, participation in athletics and the school's Greek system is high. Dartmouth's 34 varsity sports teams compete in the Ivy League conference of the NCAA Division I. Students are also well known for preserving a variety of strong campus traditions.

In 2010 Dartmouth College joined the Matariki Network of Universities (MNU) together with University of Tübingen (Germany), Durham University (UK), Queen’s University (Canada), University of Otago (New Zealand), University of Western Australia (Australia) and Uppsala University (Sweden).

Oldham Athletic A.F.C.

Oldham Athletic Football Club is a football that plays in Football League One. The club plays its games at Boundary Park in Oldham, England.

The club has never won any major trophies through their history, though have made several appearances in the late rounds of the FA Cup and Football League Cup.

Oldham are the first team to play in the premier league,championship,league one and league two and the national league.

The club was created as Pine Villa Football Club in 1895, but changed to the current name in 1899. Almost immediately, Oldham became a professional team before joining the Football League in 1907. After struggling between the First World War and the Second World War, they became more stable in 1969—when legendary manager Jimmy Frizzell took over. Under Frizzell, the club won 200 of their 544 competitive games and were promoted to higher levels twice.

After leaving in the summer of 1982, Joe Royle took over as the club's manager during which time Oldham again had a successful period. Under Royle, the club won 225 games of 608—a slightly higher winning percentage than under Frizzell. In the early 1990s, under Royle, Oldham reached the semi-finals of the FA Cup and the final of the Football League Cup, losing every time. However, in the 1990–91 season, the club won the Football League Second Division and were promoted to the First Division for the first time in over 70 years. In the 1992–93 season, Oldham was a group of 24 teams that were the founding members of the Premier League—England's top division of football. After Royle's departure to Everton F.C., Oldham struggled and were relegated twice in four seasons.

In the early 2000s, Oldham Athletic almost went bankrupt. Businessman Chris Moore decided to purchase the club, promising to return to the Premier League within five years. However, later that season, he left the club, which also left behind much debt and a weak team. However, another businessman purchased the club in 2004, saving them from liquidation. In the 2006–07, under current manager John Sheridan, Oldham almost were promoted to the Football Championship, but lost in the semi-final of the play-offs.


Bagpuss

Bagpuss is a popular children's television series shown on BBC television. It was shown in 1974. Although only 13 episodes were made, it was so popular that it was repeated regularly until 1987. The series was made by Peter Firmin and Oliver Postgate through their company Smallfilms.

The character Bagpuss was a toy cat. Bagpuss was described in each programme as "an old, saggy cloth cat, baggy, and a bit loose at the seams".

Each programme began in the same way. It started by looking through old sepia photographs as these words were spoken:

There was a shop called “Bagpuss & Co”. The cat sat in the shop window. The owner of the shop was a little girl named Emily. The shop did not sell anything. Instead, Emily would find things that were broken and lost. She fixed them and put them in the shop window. Emily hoping that the owners of the things would come and get them. She would leave the fixed thing in front of her favourite toy: the stuffed cat Bagpuss. Each programme began with these words:

When Emily had left, Bagpuss would wake up. The programme changed from sepia to colour film, and the toys in the shop would come to life. There was Gabriel the toad, a rag doll called Madeleine, and a wooden woodpecker which was a bookend (something to stop a row of books falling over) called Professor Yaffle. Professor Yaffle spoke like a clever professor. He had a German accent and wore a pince-nez. He would look at the object and tell the audience what it was used for. There were also some mice. They lived in the “mouse organ” (a pun on the word mouthorgan). The mouse organ played music and the mice squeaked in high voices. All the voices except those of Madeleine and Gabriel were done by Oliver Postgate who also wrote the stories.

At the end of the programme, Bagpuss would yawn again and fall asleep. The colour changed back to sepia and the toys became toys again as these words were spoken:



Oliver Postgate

Richard Oliver Postgate (12 April 1925 – 8 December 2008), generally known as Oliver Postgate, was an English animator, puppeteer and writer.

He made several series of children’s programmes for British television. They all became very popular. They include "Pingwings", "Pogles' Wood", "Noggin the Nog", "Ivor the Engine", "Clangers" and "Bagpuss". They were all made by Smallfilms, the company he set up with Peter Firmin. They were shown on the BBC between the 1950s and the 1980s, and on ITV from 1959 to the present day. In a 1999 poll, "Bagpuss" was voted the most popular children's television programme of all time.

He was born in Hendon, Middlesex, England. He went to Woodstock School and Woodhouse County Secondary School in London. When World War II started he was evacuated to Devon and he finished his studies at Dartington Hall School. He refused to fight in the war, so he was sent to prison. However, he was soon let out because he volunteered to be a stretcher bearer for the Red Cross.

In 1948 he trained as an actor at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, but he never became a professional actor. He was more interested in animation. He created the character of a pig made out of cardboard that played the violin. The BBC were not interested in his idea. Seven years later he joined the ITV London company Associated-Rediffusion as a stage manager. He worked on children’s programmes and made props. 

Postgate thought he could make better programmes than the ones he was working on, so he created "Alexander the Mouse", a story about a mouse that was born to be king. Postgate met an artist called Peter Firmin. He was good at drawing animation characters. The two men started to work together and for 30 years they created their well-known television series, running their own company called Smallfilms. The characters in their stories were moved by magnets under a table. They created "The Saga of Noggin the Nog" (1959-1965). It was based on old Norse legends. Then came "The Seal of Neptune" (1960), a story about horses that lived under the sea. They created "The Pogles" which was about a witch, but after the first broadcast it was thought to be too frightening for children. Then came "The Clangers" (1969-1974 which was their first colour production. Their most famous creation was "Bagpuss", the story of a toy cat made of rags that sat in a shop window.

In 1987 the University of Kent at Canterbury awarded an honorary degree to Postgate. Postgate said that it should really be Bagpuss who got the degree. He later showed Bagpuss wearing academic dress

Postgate married Prudence Myers in 1957, becoming stepfather to her three children The couple had twin boys in 1959 and another son in 1964. Prudence died in 1982. Naomi Linnell was his partner in the last years of his life.

He wrote an autobiography "Seeing Things" which was published in 2000. In his book he looked back at the programmes he made. He explained why they were so popular by saying: “They are simple, and they are well-founded in a safe place. They are full of fun and, like a good meal, they are rich and satisfying.”

Obituary to Oliver Postgate, The Independent, 10 Dec 2008 p. 34


Gateshead Garden Festival

The Gateshead Garden Festival was the fourth of the United Kingdom's five National Garden Festivals. It was held between May and October 1990, in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear. The festival took place for 157 days. Over three million people went to the festival.

Glasgow Garden Festival

The Glasgow Garden Festival was the third of the United Kingdom's five National Garden Festivals. It was the only one to take place in Scotland. It was held in Glasgow between April and September 1988.

Animator

An animator is an artist who makes drawings for movies. The animator makes many drawings which are called "frames". These are played very quickly, one after another, to create animation. It makes it look as if the pictures are moving. 

Animators can work in many areas including movies, television, video games, and the internet. There are many ways of making animations. Animators usually work with other people to form a team. These may be other animators, but can also include layout artists (who design the backgrounds, lighting, and camera angles), storyboard artists (who draw panels of the action from the script), background artists (who paint the "scenery"), voice actors who speak the words, and musicians who make the music.



British Rail Class 116

The British Rail Class 116 diesel multiple units were built by BR Derby from 1957 to 1961.

British Rail Class 117

The British Rail Class 117 diesel multiple units were built by Pressed Steel from 1959 to 1961.

Ricky Sbragia

Richard 'Ricky' Spragia (born May 26, 1956) is a former Scottish footballer who currently manages Sunderland. He was appointed in late December 2008 after the previous manager Roy Keane walked out after a run of bad results which had left Sunderland towards the foot of the table. In his first four games as caretaker manager he managed two wins and a draw and this was enough to get him the unanimous vote of the board and was appointed with a permanent contract on December 27, 2008.

Flag of Austria

The official Flag of Austria is the flag of the European country, Austria. It has three horizontal stripes, two red ones and a white one.

British Rail Class 118

The British Rail Class 118 diesel multiple units were built by the Birmingham Railway Carriage & Wagon Company (BRCW) and introduced from 1960 it was a liceiend built version of the Class 117

British Rail Class 119

The British Rail Class 119 DMUs were used on the Western Region and on services in the Midlands that used units that were based at Tyseley Depot. Soon after they were introduced, many of the DMUs were moved to Cardiff. This was so that they could serve the intermediate stations on outer suburban services from London Paddington to Oxford. These were as 7-car sets, with the addition of Hawksworth composites adapted to run as DMU trailers.

Donna Noble (Doctor Who)

Donna Noble is a character in the British television series "Doctor Who". She is played by Catherine Tate. She is a secretary from Chiswick, London. She is a companion of the Tenth Doctor. She appears in one scene at the end of the last episode of the 2006 series, "Doomsday" (named in the credits only as "The Bride"), and in the second Christmas special, "The Runaway Bride". The character returned as The Doctor's full-time companion for the whole of the fourth series in 2008.

During the 2006 series Christmas episode "The Runaway Bride", Donna Noble is a temporary secretary at H.C. Clements in London, a security firm which, unknown to her, concealed the Torchwood Institute up until its collapse following the events of "Doomsday", and was then taken over by an alien intelligence. Her parents are Geoff and Sylvia Noble.

On Christmas Eve, the day of her wedding, she is accidentally pulled into the TARDIS because she has been drugged with Huon particles by her fiancé, Lance Bennett, because he was told to do so by Empress of the Racnoss. She aids the Doctor in defeating the Racnoss Empress, but says no to his invitation to travel with him — she is frightened not only by his adventures, but also by the Doctor himself. Having seen him commit genocide on the Racnoss, she urges him to find a new companion to act as his moral support. It was revealed later in "Turn Left" that the Doctor would have been killed while stopping the Racnoss if Donna was not there.
Reappearing in April 2008's Series four premiere, "Partners in Crime", Donna has become dissatisfied with regular life and more interested in the bigger picture. She regrets declining the Doctor's offer and has been investigating unusual phenomena in the hopes of finding the Doctor for some time. When investigating Miss Foster and Adipose Industries, the Londoner and the Time Lord are finally re-united. She expresses her regret to the Doctor for not joining him and after stopping Foster's plans to convert the whole of London into Adipose children she joins him in the TARDIS as a regular companion. She makes it explicit, however, that she has no romantic attachment to him as Martha Jones and Rose Tyler did.

In "The Fires of Pompeii", Donna continually argues with the Doctor over the moral issue of whether or not he should save the inhabitants of Pompeii from the eruption of Mount Vesuvius the next day. Ultimately, they are forced to cause the eruption to happen, weighing the destruction of the city against the fate of the whole world.

Donna was the Doctor's full time companion for all 13 episodes of Series 4. Her return to the series sees her with her maternal grandfather, recurring character Wilfred Mott, as well as her mother, Sylvia. Mott is played by Bernard Cribbins, whose appearance as a newspaper seller in Voyage of the Damned was merged into his new role following the death of Howard Attfield who played Donna's father in "The Runaway Bride". Donna has encountered the Racnoss, the Adipose, the Pyroviles, the Ood, the Sontarans, The Hath, Vespiforms, the Vashta Nerada, the Judoon, the Shadow Proclamation, and the Daleks.

In the final episode of the fourth series Journey's End the Doctor erased Donna's memory of him and left her on Earth. He warned that she'd "burn up" if she remembered him.

Donna is involved in The End Of Time. At Donna's Marriage, The Doctor gives Sylvia a winning Lottery ticket before moving on to meet the first of his companions, Rose Tyler.


British Rail Class 120

The Class 120 was a cross-country DMU. It was made up of three units. The first unit was built in 1958 at the British Rail Swindon Works.

British Rail Class 121

Sixteen Class 121 single-car driving motor vehicles were built from 1960, numbered 55020-55035. These were supplemented by ten trailer vehicles, numbered 56280-289 (later renumbered 54280-289). They had a top speed of 70 mph, with slam-doors, and vacuum brakes. The driving motor vehicles were nicknamed "Bubble Cars" by some enthusiasts.

British Rail Class 122

The British Rail Class 122 diesel multiple units were built by Gloucester RC&W in 1958. Twenty single-car driving motor vehicles, called "Bubble Cars", were built, numbered 55000-55019. These were supplemented by ten trailer vehicles, numbered 56290-299 (later renumbered 54290-299).

British Rail Class 123

The Class 123 was a type of Diesel Multiple Unit built for British Rail in 1963. They were built by British Rail at Swindon Works, and designed like all Swindon units as inter-city sets. Ten of the four-car sets were built and introduced in 1963. The units bear a visible similarity to the British Rail Class 309, however there is no 'relation' here as the two types were built by different manufacturers for different markets.

British Rail Class 124

The British Rail Class 124 was a class of initially six-car Diesel Multiple Units used and built specifically for the trans-pennine route. They were progressively shortened during their lifetime, finally finishing as three-car sets. They were all withdrawn by the late 1980s. There was a movement to preserve a set of this class, however it was unsuccessful and eventually all were lost.

British Rail Class 125

The Class 125 was a design of three car Diesel Multiple Unit built for British Rail in 1958. They were high-density units, externally very similar to the Class 116. They were built specifically for the Lea Valley Line, were all withdrawn in 1977, and none survive to this day. Like many first-generation DMU classes, they never carried their 125xxx TOPS set numbers.

British Rail Class 126

The introduction of what became the Class 126 diesel multiple units originated in a British Transport Commission report of 1952 that suggested the trial use of diesel railcars. BR's Swindon Works were chosen to design and build express units for the ex-North British Railway Edinburgh Waverley to Glasgow Queen Street route. Swindon built a second batch in 1959/60 for use on services from Glasgow to Ayrshire.

British Rail Class 127

The British Rail Class 127 diesel multiple units were built by BR Derby in 1959. Thirty 4-car units were built, formed of two outer driving motor vehicles, sandwiching two intermediate trailers. The technical description of such as 4-car unit was DMBS + TSL + TS + DMBS.

British Rail Class 128

British Rail Class 128 was a class of diesel multiple unit, built for British Rail. Introduced in 1959, ten of the class were built by British United Traction, each with two 230 hp Leyland engines. The class was built specifically for parcels, and did not feature any passenger accommodation; fitted out with parcel racks and bike storages at each end. The last members of the class were withdrawn in 1991, and none were preserved.


British Rail Class 129

The Class 129 was a class of single-car Diesel Multiple Unit built in 1955 for British Rail. Only three were built by Cravens and were introduced in 1958. The class was built for parcels traffic like the Class 128. One unit (55997) survived into departmental service being named 'Hydra'. The driving ends of a Class 129 car bore a visible similarity to that of the British Rail Class 105.

The Master (Doctor Who)

The Master is a fictional character in the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". They are the main antagonist. They are an evil Time Lord and one of the biggest enemies of the Doctor.

When the Master first appeared in 1971, he was played by Roger Delgado. Delgado continued in the role until his death in 1973. Afterwards, Peter Pratt and Geoffrey Beevers played a decayed version of the Time Lord, until Anthony Ainley assumed the part in 1981. He remained until "Doctor Who"'s cancellation in 1989. In 1996, the Master was played by Eric Roberts in the TV movie. In the revived series, Derek Jacobi provided the character's re-introduction before handing over to John Simm, who portrayed the Master in the end of the 2007 series. Michelle Gomez took over the role in 2014.

The Master was once a childhood friend of the Doctor. In "The Sound of Drums" (2007), there is a brief clip of the young Master as the Doctor talks about his childhood. When they joined the Time Lord Academy at the age of eight, they were taken to look into the "Untempered Schism". This was a portal through which you could see the time vortex (the tunnel the TARDIS travels through as it travels in time) and see the full power of the Time Lords. He suggests that this is what made the Master go mad.

A would-be universal conqueror, the Master wants to control the universe (in "The Deadly Assassin" his ambitions were becoming "the master of all matter", and in "The Sound of Drums" he acknowledges that he chose his own name). His most distinctive ability is that of hypnotising people by fixing them with an intense stare, often accompanied by the phrase, "I am the Master, and you will obey me."

Some suspect that a character known as the War Chief in the episode "The War Games" is actually the Master in disguise. However, this has not been confirmed.

The Master and the Doctor are shown to have similar levels of intelligence, and were classmates on Gallifrey. This is mentioned several times in different stories ("The Five Doctors", "The Sea Devils" and "Terror of the Autons"). In the 2007 episode "Utopia", the Doctor calls the disguised Master a genius and shows an immense admiration for his intellect before discovering who he is.
Both the Doctor and the Master have been shown to be skilled hypnotists, although the Master's capacity to dominate – even by stare and voice alone – has been shown to be far more pronounced. The Master is also known to always survive death with no explanation other than "I escaped."

In the original "Doctor Who" series, the Master's TARDISes have fully functioning chameleon circuits and have appeared as many things.
By the time of the new series, it is unclear whether any of the Master's TARDISes still exist. In "Rise of the Cybermen", the Tenth Doctor claims that his TARDIS is the last one in existence although at the time of his saying this, he also thought he was the last Time Lord. In "Utopia", the Master resorts to stealing the Doctor's TARDIS, with no explanation of how he travelled from the Time War to the end of the universe.

The Master has also been featured in spin-offs of the series, which are of unclear canonicity and may not take place in the same continuity. The Master in these stories is, nevertheless, recognisably the same person.

One of the most important of these other appearances is David A. McIntee's "Master trilogy" of novels comprising "The Dark Path" and "First Frontier" in the Virgin Publishing lines and "The Face of the Enemy" for BBC Books, and the "Doctor Who" audio dramas produced by Big Finish Productions, in which Geoffrey Beevers has once again played the Master. Alex MacQueen has also played the Master in Big Finish audio dramas.

The Master returns in a new body and guise, that of a street preacher, in the previously mentioned "Doctor Who Magazine" (DWM) comic strip story "The Fallen", although the Doctor does not recognise him. The Master reveals himself a few stories later, in "The Glorious Dead" (DWM 287-296). The Master had survived the events of the television movie by encountering a cosmic being named Esterath in the time vortex. Esterath controls the Glory, the focal point of the Omniversal spectrum which underlies all existence. The Master's scheme to take control of the Glory fails, and he is banished to parts unknown (see Kroton). 

In "Character Assassin" (DWM 311), the Delgado Master visits the Land of Fiction and steals part of the technology behind it, wiping out several nineteenth century fictional villains as he goes. He can also be seen in the following comic strips set during the Pertwee era:


The "Doctor Who" role-playing game published by FASA in 1985 has two modules that give information about the Master. The modules identify the Meddling Monk as an alias the Master has used in the past.


Dartmouth University

Dartmouth University was a university in New Hampshire which existed from 1817 to 1819. It was the result of an attempt by the state legislature to change Dartmouth College, a private college, into a public university but it did not happen.

Alex Kapranos

Alexander Paul Kapranos Huntley (born 20 March 1972), commonly known as Alex Kapranos, is an English musician. He is the lead singer of Scottish band Franz Ferdinand. Kapranos was born in Almondsbury, Gloucestershire to an English mother and Greek father.

Death from Above 1979

Death from Above 1979 is a Toronto-based Canadian band with two members. The members were Jesse F. Keeler on bass guitar, synths and backing vocals, and Sebastien Grainger on vocals and drums.

Valentin Berlinsky

Valentin Berlinsky (born Irkutsk, 19 January, 1925; died 15 December, 2008) was a Russian cellist. He played with the world-famous Borodin Quartet from 1945 when it was founded, and was a member until he retired in 2007.

Valentin Berlinsky was born in Irkutsk, Siberia. His father had learned the violin with the famous teacher Leopold Auer. He had formed his own string quartet, the Berlinksy Quartet, who had played in many parts of the Soviet Union. Valentin learned the violin from his father. Soon he was sent to Moscow where he studied the cello and played with the Moscow Youth Orchestra. He played in a student concert together with Mstislav Rostropovich in 1938.

For many years Berlinsky taught the cello at the Gnessin School of Music in Moscow. He did not often perform as soloist. He preferred being a member of a chamber music group.

In 1945 four young players formed a string quartet called the Moscow Conservatoire Quartet. Mstislav Rostropovich was the cellist, Rostislav Dubinsky and Nina Barshai played the violins and Rudolf Barshai played the viola. However, after a couple of weeks Rostropovich found he was too busy, so he suggested that Berlinsky should take his place. The four players that now formed the quartet signed an oath that they would be loyal and stay together as a group. They signed the oath with their own blood. Valentin often showed this piece of paper to people. For 60 years he kept a careful record of all the concerts they played. They called themselves the Borodin Quartet after the composer Alexander Borodin.

The four musicians first met Dmitri Shostakovich in 1946. They became famous for playing his string quartets. Shostakovich was to compose 15 string quartets. The Borodin Quartet were the most famous string quartet in the Soviet Union, but it was difficult for them to get permission to play in other countries until the fall of the Soviet Union.

Valentin Berlinsky retired from the Borodin Quartet in September 2007. His place was taken by his pupil, Vladimir Balshin, but Berlinsky still continued to help the quartet. 

He died on 15 December 2008, in Moscow, after a long illness. His daughter Lyudmila is a pianist.


Steve Lamacq

Steve Lamacq (born 16 October 1965) is a disc jockey for BBC radio stations. He is known by his nicknames Lammo or "The Cat". He was born in Basingstoke, Hampshire and grew up in Essex.

Internship

"Intern" is the job title given to people who work in an organization that has an internship program. It is similar to an apprenticeship but is the term more commonly used if the work takes place in office environments. The work in an internship is expected to be part of the desired learning experience for the intern. The specific requirements for being an intern vary widely.

Internship positions are posted online similarly to job postings but focus instead on engaging students in real-world projects before they have completed their studies. Internships are usually temporary positions, often lasting between one school term and one year. Interns are sometimes given longer-term job opportunities.

The Master

The Master can refer to:



Symphonie fantastique

The Symphonie fantastique is a symphony written by the French composer Hector Berlioz. It is one of the most famous Romantic works for orchestra. The official title of the piece is Episode de la Vie d’un Artiste (An Episode in the Life of an Artist), but it is always called by its subtitle "Symphonie Fantastique" which means "Fantasy Symphony". The “Fantasy” refers to the story that is described by the music. ("Fantasy Symphony" is a better translation than "Fantastic Symphony" because "fantastique" is not like the modern meaning of the English word "fantastic").

The symphony lasts about 45 minutes and is divided into 5 movements. Berlioz himself wrote down the story that the music describes, just as Beethoven had done with his "Sixth Symphony". Berlioz’s work is about a young artist. In the music the young artist is represented by a tune. This tune is often heard during the symphony. That is why it is called an “"idée fixe"”, which means a “fixed idea”, i.e. an idea that keeps coming again and again. An "idée fixe" is what Wagner would have called a leitmotif (a tune which is always used to describe a particular person or thing in a piece of music). The first performance took place at the Paris Conservatoire in December 1830. Berlioz made several changes to the music between 1831 and 1845.

The symphony is played by an orchestra consisting of 2 flutes (2nd doubling piccolo), 2 oboes (2nd doubling cor anglais), 2 clarinets (1st doubling E-flat clarinet), 4 bassoons, 4 French horns, 2 trumpets, 2 cornets, 3 trombones, 2 ophicleides (originally one ophicleide and one serpent), 2 pairs of timpani, snare drum, cymbals, bass drum, bells in C and G, 2 harps, and strings.

The symphony is an example of programme music because it describes something apart from the music. In this case it describes a story. This is what the composer wrote:

First movement:
"A young artist was deeply in love with a girl who did not love him. He felt so desperately sad that he tried to poison himself with opium. He did not take enough to kill him. It just made him fall into a deep sleep. In this sleep he imagined all sorts of things. His beloved came to him in a dream. She changes into a musical theme (the "idée fixe") which he just cannot forget. He imagines her love and his tender feelings for her."

Second movement:
"He meets her at a ball. Everyone is dancing. He finds his beloved among the crowd."

Third movement:
"In the country he hears two shepherds who call to one another on their pipes. The trees sway gently in the wind. The young artist starts to feel happier. Then he sees his beloved again. He starts to worry that she may not want him any more. The shepherd music starts again, but it is only one of the shepherds playing. The sun sets. Far away a thunderstorm is heard."

The fourth movement:
"He dreams that he has killed his beloved in a fit of anger. He is now being taken to the scaffold where he will have his head chopped off. A march is played as he is taken away. For a moment he thinks of his beloved again, then the axe falls and he is executed."

The fifth movement:
"The artist is at the Witches’ Sabbath. There are lots of ghosts and monsters around who have come to watch him being buried. His beloved is heard, but her tune now sounds horrible. She has come to the Sabbath. She joins the witches and they dance while the funeral music is heard."

The first movement has a slow introduction. The tune heard on the violins is already nearly like the "idée fixe". The "idée fixe" is heard in its full form when the music goes into the fast section. It is played by the violins and solo flute. The rhythm that the lower string instruments play underneath is very agitated. The form of the movement is not much like the traditional sonata form. Berlioz was more interested in the "idée fixe" which keeps haunting the young artist all the way through.

The ball (i.e. a party with dancing) is represented in the music by a lively waltz. The two harps make it sound very graceful. Twice the waltz is interrupted by the "idée fixe".

The two shepherds who are playing to one another are represented by a cor anglais (sitting in the orchestra) and an oboe which is played offstage so that it sounds distant. Then the main gentle countryside theme is heard on solo flute and violins. The "idée fixe" returns in the middle of the movement. The sound of distant thunder at the end of the movement is played by four timpani.

The movement starts with timpani rumbling and horns starting up the march theme. Then the cellos and double basses start the march in its full form, soon taken over by the violins. Just before he is executed there is a short repetition of the "idée fixe" on a solo clarinet, then the axe falls (a loud chord) and his head falls into the basket (one plucked note passed from the violins, through the violas, cellos and then double basses).

The "idée fixe" has now become a "vulgar dance tune", it is played on the E-flat clarinet. There are lots of effects, including ghostly "col legno" playing in the strings, the bubbling of the witches' cauldron played by the wind instruments. As the dance reaches a climax we hear the Dies Irae (Day of Judgement) melody together with the "Ronde du Sabbat" (Sabbath Round) which is a wild fugue.

In 1827 Berlioz went to a performance of Shakespeare’s play "Hamlet". It was played in English by a theatre group from England. Berlioz fell in love with Irish actress Harriet Smithson who played the part of Ophelia, He did not actually meet her, he just saw her acting on stage, but he sent her lots of love letters, but she left Paris without meeting him. He then wrote his Symphonie Fantastique. He then wrote the symphony to describe his love for her and his unhappiness because she was not interested in him. When Harriet heard the symphony two years after it was first performed, she realized that it was a symphony about her. She eventually met Berlioz and they were married on 3 October 1833. For several years the marriage was happy, although they did not speak one another’s language. However, after nine years they separated.

Christ's Hospital

Christ's Hospital is a boarding school in Sussex. The school was started in 1552. King Edward VI started it. The headmaster is John Franklin BA MEd Admin. It has 831 students. The school is very big.

Affluenza: When Too Much is Never Enough

Affluenza: When Too Much is Never Enough is a 2005 book by Professor Clive Hamilton and Richard Denniss. "Affluenza" suggests that Western society consumes too many products and services. Hamilton and Denniss argue that people "aspire to the lifestyles of the rich and famous". They state that rates of stress, depression and obesity are high as people try to cope with the emptiness and disappointments of consumer life.

Gang of Four (band)

Gang of Four are an English post-punk group from Leeds. The first line-up was singer Jon King, guitarist Andy Gill, bass guitarist Dave Allen and drummer Hugo Burnham. They were most popular from 1977 to 1984.

Bloc Québécois

The Bloc Québécois (BQ) is a federal political party based in Canada that mainly believes and advocates Quebec should secede from Canada, also known as Quebec sovereignty. The Bloc was created by Members of Parliament (MPs) from the national Progressive Conservative Party and the Liberal Party. They were angry that the Meech Lake Accord could not pass. The party is considered to be centre-left. The leader of the party is currently Yves-François Blanchet.

The Bloc Québécois was founded in 1991 by Lucien Bouchard, who also became its first leader, in order to represent and advocate the Quebec sovereignty movement at the federal level in the Parliament of Canada. The Bloc was always the party with the biggest number of seats in Quebec between 1993 and 2011, and again since 2019. They are usually the second or third biggest party in the House of Commons. In the 2011 federal election, the party won only 4 seats. In the 2019 federal election, the party won 32 seats. In the 2021 federal election, the party won 32 seats in the House of Commons.

The Parti Québécois is a provincial political party in Quebec to which it is allied. The Parti Québécois also wants sovereignty for Québec. Although the two political parties are separate organizations, they help each other during elections.


Angular Recording Corporation

Angular Recording Corporation is an independent record label that was first based in New Cross, South East London. It was started in June 2003 by two ex-Goldsmiths College students, Joe Daniel and Joe Margetts.






The Weather Makers

The Weather Makers: The History and Future Impact of Climate Change (2005) is a book by Tim Flannery.

The book includes 36 short essays predicting the consequences of global warming. The book reviews the evidence about historical climate change and attempts to put our era into context. The book asserts that if atmospheric carbon dioxide levels continue to increase at current rates, the resulting climate change will cause mass species extinctions.

The book received much critical acclaim, and has won a major literary prize.

Mumia

Mumia (also pulvis mumiae, Mumia vera aegyptiaca) was a powder made from ground mummies. It was used as a drug, for good health, and as a coloring agent (a medium to dark brown) until the 1920s. Eating ground mumified corpses is a form of cannibalism.

The powder was said to work against almost any disease. To mummify a corpse, tar was used. It was said this tar had magical powers. It was also said to be an aphrodisiac. 

Nuclear or Not?

Nuclear or Not? Does Nuclear Power Have a Place in a Sustainable Energy Future? is a 2007 book edited by Professor David Elliott. The book offers various views on nuclear power. Authors include:


Professor Elliott calls for continued debate on the nuclear power issue. He is Professor of Technology Policy at the Open University, and has developed courses on technological innovation, focusing in particular on renewable energy technology.



Nuclear Nebraska

Nuclear Nebraska: The Remarkable Story of the Little County That Couldn’t Be Bought () is a 2007 book by Susan Cragin which follows the controversy about a proposed low level nuclear waste dump which was planned for Boyd County, Nebraska. 
In 1989, two multinational corporations and several government agencies put forward a proposal for the waste dump and offered payment of $3 million a year for 40 years. However, the residents of the largely uneducated Boyd County farming community chose to resist the offer and controversy followed for almost two decades. During this time, the community was transformed "from a small group of isolated farmers to a defiant band of environmentalists". The opposition of the community eventually succeeded, and the license to build the dump was denied.


Hiroshima (book)

Hiroshima () is a magazine article written by Pulitzer Prize winner John Hersey that appeared in "The New Yorker" in August 1946, one year after the United States dropped an atomic bomb on the city of Hiroshima, Japan. The article was soon made into a book. It described how the bombing affected the lives of six individuals:

Each account is followed by a brief statement describing how close each person was to the center of the blast.


Railways in Melbourne

Melbourne has a long history of railway building. The city's first railway opened in 1854, when in 1834 the city itself did not exist. The network then grew as lines were built throughout the suburbs, reaching a peak by the 1900s. Electrification of the system was carried out from 1919, with electric multiple unit operation starting at the same time.

Non-Nuclear Futures

Non-Nuclear Futures: The Case for an Ethical Energy Strategy is a 1975 book by Amory B. Lovins and John H. Price. The book says that the nuclear power debate is not about technical disputes but relates to different personal views (personal values). The personal values that make a high-energy society work are all too apparent, and the values associated with an alternate view relate to thrift, simplicity, diversity, neighbourliness, craftsmanship, and humility.

Lovins and Price say that these two different sets of personal values lead to two very different policy paths relating to future energy supplies. The first is high-energy nuclear, centralized, electric; the second is lower energy, non-nuclear, decentralized, less electrified, softer technology.


The Clean Tech Revolution

The Clean Tech Revolution: The Next Big Growth and Investment Opportunity, is a 2007 book by Ron Pernick and Clint Wilder. They say that using clean technologies is a profitable enterprise that is moving steadily into mainstream business. Clean technologies are seen to be important for economic growth.

Pernick and Wilder highlight eight major clean technology areas: solar power, wind power, biofuels, green buildings, personal transportation, the smart grid, mobile applications (such as portable fuel cells), and water filtration. Very large corporations such as GE, Toyota and Sharp, and investment firms such as Goldman Sachs are spending billions of dollars on clean technology.

Pernick and Wilder say that, in the 1970s, clean technology was considered “alternative”. Even at the start of the 21st century, the term "clean tech" was not yet widely used. But now, throughout much of the world, in trends large and small, there is "the beginning of a revolution that is changing the places where we live and work, the products we manufacture and purchase, and the development plans of cities, regional governments, and nations around the globe."

Pernick and Wilder highlight eight major clean technology sectors: solar power, wind power, biofuels, green buildings, personal transportation, the smart grid, mobile applications, and water filtration. The authors explain how investors, entrepreneurs, and individuals can profit from technological innovation in these areas. Pernick and Wilder identify some specific clean technologies, companies, and regions that are leading the way.

The book also explains that nuclear power and clean coal are not clean technologies. Apart from the risks associated with nuclear power, "multibillion-dollar nuclear plants are simply not cost-effective when compared with other energy sources." The authors also believe that "clean coal" is an oxymoron for a myriad of reasons, including the sheer number of coal mine-related deaths and the fact that coal-fired plants, even some cleaner ones, are major contributors to serious illnesses such as asthma, heart disease, and mercury poisoning.

Emerging clean tech cities are seen to include Copenhagen, where wind power generates 20 percent of Denmark's electricity, and Chicago, a leader in "green" buildings saving energy, heating and cooling costs.

Pernick and Wilder identify six major forces, which they call the six C’s, that are pushing clean technology into the mainstream and driving rapid growth and expansion: costs, capital, competition, China, consumers, and climate.


In a September 2007 article in "Renewable Energy Access" Wilder explains that, while some hurdles remain, the key solar trends mapped out in "The Clean Tech Revolution"—scaling up manufacturing and driving down costs—are coming to pass:

From the Nevada desert to the roofs of Wal-Mart stores to the legendary plains of Spain, solar is entering a bold, bright new era. Each week, solar seems to be winning new enthusiasts like Forbes, new investors of all stripes, and new large-scale business users like Wal-Mart, Macy's and Kohl's. Late last month, North Carolina Governor Mike Easley signed that state's first renewable portfolio standard into law, which includes a solar set-aside.

Investment money is pouring in, production lines are humming and expanding, the silicon shortage is being addressed, and the long-fought challenge of bringing solar to scale (the title of a 2002 Clean Edge report) is finally showing real hope. Last month, red-hot Chinese solar wafer supplier LDK Solar (whose second-quarter revenue grew 700%) announced manufacturing expansions that would raise its production capacity above 1,600 megawatts (MW) by the end of 2009. German solar cell producer Ersol Solar Energy just inked a contract for 1 billion euros to supply Germany PV module company Solon AG for 11 years.

Ernst & Young and Dow Jones VentureOne have reported that investments in clean technology companies in the first half of 2007 have reached $1.1 billion. The research found that clean technology investments are poised to increase by more than 35% in 2007 compared with 2006. Very large corporations such as GE, Toyota and Sharp, and investment firms such as Goldman Sachs are now making multi-billion dollar investments in clean technology.



The State of the World

The State of the World is a book published annually since 1984 by the Worldwatch Institute. The series attempts to identify the Earth’s most significant environmental challenges. The 1998 through 2003 editions are available as a free (PDF) download from the Worldwatch website .

Electrical substation

An electrical substation is a subsidiary station of an electricity generation, transmission and distribution system where voltage is transformed from high to low or the reverse using transformers. Electric power may flow through several substations between generating plant and consumer, and may be changed in voltage in several steps.


Winning the Oil Endgame

Winning the Oil Endgame is a 2005 book by Amory B. Lovins, published by the Rocky Mountain Institute. It talks about four ways to reduce oil (petroleum) dependence in the United States:

The authors suggest that oil dependence is a problem we need no longer have. U.S. oil dependence can be profitably eliminated by proven and attractive technologies. The authors argue that America can lead the world into the post-petroleum era and create a vibrant economy. (p.xiii)

Amory Lovins has published 28 books and hundreds of papers. His work has been recognized by the Alternative Nobel, Onassis, Nissan, Shingo and Mitchell prizes, a MacArthur Fellowship, the Happold Medal, eight honorary doctorates, and the Heinz, Lindbergh, World Technology, and Hero of the Planet Awards. Lovins has also acted as a consultant to many Fortune 500 companies.



The Great Barrier Reef: Biology, Environment and Management

The Great Barrier Reef: Biology, Environment and Management is a 2008 book by Pat Hutchings, Mike Kingsford and Ove Hoegh-Guldberg. This comprehensive guide describes the organisms and ecosystems of Australia's Great Barrier Reef, as well as the biological, chemical and physical processes that influence them. Contemporary challenges such as climate change, coral bleaching, coral disease and coral reef fishing are also discussed. The book also includes a field guide to help people identify the common animals and plants on the reef. The book has many illustrations and contributions from 33 international experts.

Betrayers of the Truth

Betrayers of the Truth: Fraud and Deceit in the Halls of Science is a book written in 1983 by William Broad and Nicholas Wade. The book is asks questions about of some beliefs about what science is and the method used by scientists to do science. The authors shows examples that have to do with how scientific research is done. It talks about making up results and making up of whole experiments.

David Suzuki: The Autobiography

David Suzuki: The Autobiography is the 2006 autobiography of Canadian science writer and broadcaster David Suzuki. The book focuses mostly on his life since the 1987 publication of his first autobiography, "Metamorphosis: Stages in a Life". It begins with a chronological account of his childhood, academic years, and broadcasting career. In later chapters, Suzuki adopts a memoir style, writing about themes such as his relationship with Australia, his experiences in Brazil and Papua New Guinea, the founding of the David Suzuki Foundation, and his thoughts on climate change, celebrity status, technology, and death. Throughout, Suzuki highlights the continuing impact of events from his childhood.

This is Suzuki's forty-third book and, he says, his last. Critics have called the book candid, sincere, and charming, with insightful commentary if occasionally flat stories. Suzuki's scientific background is reflected in the writing's rational and analytic style.

Suzuki's autobiography spent four weeks at #1 on the "Maclean's" list of non-fiction best-sellers and six weeks at #6 on the "Globe and Mail's" list. The book won two awards in 2007: the Canadian Booksellers' Association's Libris Award for Non-Fiction Book of the Year and the British Columbia Booksellers' Choice Award. The publishers, Greystone Books and Douglas & McIntyre, won the CBA Libris Award for Marketing Achievement of the Year.

Amory Lovins

Amory Bloch Lovins is Chairman and Chief Scientist of the Rocky Mountain Institute. For four decades he has worked in energy policy and related areas.

Lovins worked professionally as an environmentalist in the 1970s and since then as an analyst of a "soft energy path" for the United States and other nations. He has promoted energy efficiency, the use of renewable energy sources, and the generation of energy at or near the site where the energy is actually used. Lovins has also promoted a "negawatt revolution" arguing that utility customers do not want kilowatt-hours of electricity; they want energy services. In the 1990s, his work with Rocky Mountain Institute included the design of an ultra-efficient automobile, the Hypercar. 
Lovins has received ten honorary doctorates and won many awards. He has provided expert testimony in eight countries, briefed 19 heads of state, and published 29 books. These books include "Winning the Oil Endgame", "Small is Profitable", "Factor Four", and "Natural Capitalism". In 2009, "Time magazine" named Lovins as one of the world's 100 most influential people.



Daniel Faulkner

Daniel Faulkner (December 21, 1955 – December 9, 1981) was a Philadelphia police officer who was murdered on December 9, 1981. The suspect convicted of the murder was Mumia Abu-Jamal. Abu-Jamal received the death penalty which was later reduced to a life sentence without parole. The circumstances surrounding the conviction has led activists to unsuccessfully protest for Abu-Jamal's release from prison.
All of Mumia Abu-Jamal's have been denied.

Faulkner was 25 years old at the time of his death. Faulkner was murdered after apprehending William Cook, the brother of Mumia Abu-Jamal during a traffic stop at the intersection of 14th and Locust Streets in Philadelphia. He was shot five times by Mumia Abu-Jamal, but was able to shoot back and hit Abu-Jamal in the abdominal area. He died several hours later at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital.

Maureen Faulkner, Daniel's widow, has been fighting against Mumia Abu-Jamal's appeals since he was incarcerated. She published a book "Murdered by Mumia," which was co-authored by legal expert Michael A. Smerconish. The book describes her brief marriage to Daniel Faulkner and recaps his murder. It also provides detailed accounts of the evidence against Abu-Jamal.

She has also posted a website,
www.danielfaulkner.org, detailing numerous rebuttals of the allegations of wrongdoing by the Prosecution, racism in the trial, and claims of Abu-Jamal's possible innocence. 

Abu-Jamal's latest appeal was denied by Philadelphia Common Pleas Court Judge Lucretia Clemons. Judge Clemons claimed in her brief that Abu-Jamal's claims lack substance for a new trial. The fact that Judge Clemons is black also has Abu-Jamal's opponents arguing that he is not the victim of racism, as his supporters have claimed. Abu-Jamal has continued to maintain his innocence.

Daniel Faulkner was born on December 21, 1955 to Thomas and Mary Faulkner. His parents were of Irish decent. His father, Thomas, was a trolley driver and died of heart and liver ailments when Daniel was just ten years old. This left his mother, Mary to raise their seven children as a young widow: Thomas Jr., Joseph, Joanne, Lawrence, Patrick, Ken, and Daniel.

Faulkner grew up in the city of Philadelphia, PA where he attended Most Blessed Sacrament Elementary School, West Catholic Boys High School, and John Bartram High School. He served in the U.S. Army from 1972 until 1974. He was honorably discharged and received and received a National Defense Service Medal. He received his GED on September 23, 1974. Faulkner worked briefly as a prison guard in Delaware County before joining the Philadelphia Police Department, where he was appointed to the Police Academy in May of 1976. He was working toward an Associate Degree in Criminal Justice at the time of his death.

Daniel Faulkner married the former Maureen Foley on November 8,1980 after two years of dating. They met on the Jersey Shore. Officer Faulkner had served for five and a half years with the Philadelphia Police Department. 

On November 3, 1976, he received a commendation of merit for "aggressive patrol procedures" following the arrest of Myron Cherry. Cherry had committed a robbery at a grocery store at 1800 West Montgomery Ave. Faulkner received an additional Citation of Merit on August 26, 1978 for apprehending fleeing suspect Michael Jones, for the attempted robbery of an elderly man. On November 5, 1979, Officer Faulkner earned a Commendation for Merit for apprehending two suspects in the middle of attempting a robbery at Broad Street abd Girard while they attempted to flee the scene. Finally on April 8, 1980, he received a Commendatory Letter for arresting three males trying to leave a store at 1001 Chestnut Street when the building was closed. All three suspects were later charged with burglary, theft, and other related offenses.

James Hansen

James E. Hansen (born March 29, 1941 in Denison, Iowa) headed the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York City, a part of the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, Earth Sciences Division until early 2013. He is currently an Adjunct Professor in the Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences at Columbia University. Hansen is best known for his research in the field of climatology, his testimony on climate change to congressional committees in the 1980s that helped raise broad awareness of the global warming issue, and his continuing advocacy of action to limit the impacts of climate change. He has been a critic of the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush Administration's stances on climate change.

Hansen studied astronomy and physics in the 1960s at the University of Iowa. He did scientific research on the atmospheres of other planets, and later Earth's atmosphere. Hansen was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1996 and he received a US$250,000 Heinz Environment Award
for his research on global warming in 2001. He was listed as one of Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People in the (2006) list and, in 2007, he shared the US$1 million Dan David Prize. On April 5, 2008, Dr. Hansen received the PNC Bank Common Wealth Award of Distinguished Service for his outstanding achievements in science.

Hansen posited in a 2007 paper that 350 ppm (parts per million) of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is a safe upper limit to avoid a climate tipping point. The current record level is 389 ppm of CO, an almost 40-percent increase from the pre-industrial revolution level of 278 ppm. In 1988 the Earth's atmosphere surpassed the 350 ppm mark, while global CO emissions per capita rose.

Hansens strong public opposition to the exploitation of oil sands and the pipeline project created some controversy in the media. "Storms of My Grandchildren" is Hansen's first book about the climate change. In 2013, Hansen was co-author of an open letter saying "continued opposition to nuclear power threatens humanity's ability to avoid dangerous climate change." 

Brighton, Indiana

Brighton is a town of Greenfield Township, in LaGrange County, in the state of Indiana, in the United States.

Tarzan (1999 movie)

Tarzan is a 1999 animated movie based on Edgar Rice Burroughs' novel "Tarzan of the Apes" and made by The Walt Disney Company. It was the first Disney animated feature to start at #1 in the box office since "Pocahontas". It was the first to have a production budget of $100 million since "The Hunchback of Notre Dame".

In the late 1880s, a British couple and their infant son are shipwrecked in Equatorial Africa. The adults build a treehouse but are killed by Sabor, a vicious leopard. Their son is found by Kala, whose son was also killed by Sabor, and Kala adopts him despite the objections of her mate, Kerchak. Years later, the adopted human, named Tarzan, befriends other animals including Kala's niece Terk and the paranoid elephant Tantor. Tarzan finds himself treated differently because of his different physique, so he makes valiant efforts to improve himself. As an adult, Tarzan kills Sabor with a spear, gaining Kerchak's reluctant approval.

Meanwhile, a team of human explorers from England, consisting of Professor Archimedes Q. Porter, his daughter Jane, and their hunter escort Clayton, are looking to study the gorillas. Jane accidentally becomes separated from the group and is chased by a baboon troop, until Tarzan rescues her out of sheer curiosity. After comparing her to himself, he realizes they are similar. Jane leads Tarzan back to their camp, where Porter and Clayton both take interest in him; the former in terms of scientific progress, while the latter hopes to have Tarzan lead the group to the gorillas. Despite Kerchak's warnings to avoid the humans, Tarzan repeatedly returns to the camp. Porter, Clayton, and Jane teach him how to speak English properly, and tell him what the human world is like. Tarzan and Jane begin to fall in love; however, she has difficulty convincing Tarzan to lead the humans to the gorillas, as Tarzan fears Kerchak's fury.

The explorers' ship soon returns to retrieve them. Jane asks Tarzan to return with them to England, but Tarzan, in turn, asks Jane to stay with him when Jane says it is unlikely that they will ever return. Clayton convinces Tarzan that Jane will stay with him forever as long as he leads them to the gorillas. Tarzan agrees, and leads the trio to the nesting grounds while Terk and Tantor lure Kerchak away. Porter and Jane are excited to mingle with the gorillas, but Kerchak returns and attacks the humans on sight. Tarzan restrains Kerchak while the humans escape. Afterward, Kerchak accuses Tarzan of betraying his family, causing Tarzan to flee in shame. Kala takes Tarzan to the treehouse where she found him, reveals his true past, and says that she wants him to be happy whatever he decides. Tarzan puts on his late father's suit, signifying his decision to go to England.

When Tarzan boards the ship with Jane and Porter the next day, they are ambushed by Clayton and his traitorous band of stowaway thugs. Now aware of the location of the nesting grounds, Clayton reveals his plans to capture and sell the gorillas for a fortune, and imprisons Tarzan, Jane, and Porter to prevent them from interfering. Tarzan manages to escape with the help of Terk and Tantor, and he returns to the jungle, rallying the animals to come to the aid of the gorillas and scare off the thugs. Clayton then mortally wounds Kerchak and battles Tarzan across the treetops. Although Tarzan spares Clayton's life and breaks his rifle, Clayton tries to kill him with his machete. Their battle comes to a cluster of vines, and Clayton tries to cut free when a vine becomes tangled around his neck, hanging him to death. Kerchak, with his dying breath, finally accepts Tarzan as his son, and names him the leader of the gorilla troop.

The next day, Porter and Jane prepare to leave on the ship, while Tarzan stays behind with the gorillas. As the ship's rowboat leaves shore, Porter encourages his daughter to stay with the man she loves, and Jane jumps overboard, followed soon after by her father. The Porters reunite with Tarzan and his family, and embark on their new life together in the jungle.


A spin-off television animated series named "The Legend of Tarzan" ran from 2001 to 2003. The series picks up where the movie left off. Tarzan is adjusting to his new role as leader of the apes following Kerchak's death.

Direct-to-video sequels:

"Tarzan" won the following awards:

"Tarzan" was also nominated for 11 Annie Awards, winning one.

M3 motorway (Great Britain)

The M3 is a motorway between Sunbury-on-Thames and Southampton in England. It links London with Southampton and Portsmouth, as well as South West England. It is about long.

!scope=col|miles
!scope=col|km
!scope=col abbr="Northeastbound"|North-east bound exits (B carriageway)
!scope=col|Junction
!scope=col abbr="Southwestbound"|South-west bound exits (A carriageway)

M2 motorway (Great Britain)

The M2 motorway is a motorway between Strood and Faversham in England. It is used as a different way to get to Dover, other than the M20.

M4 motorway

The M4 is a long motorway in the United Kingdom. It goes from London to South Wales. It also passes Bristol. It was first called the London–South Wales Motorway. 

!scope=col|mile
!scope=col|km
!scope=col abbr="Eastbound"|Eastbound exits (B carriageway)
!scope=col|Junction
!scope=col abbr="Westbound"|Westbound exits (A carriageway)

Sunbury-on-Thames

Sunbury-on-Thames is a town in Surrey, England, UK. It is not far from the border with Greater London. It is where the M3 motorway starts.

Olive-backed forest robin

Olive-backed forest robin ("Stiphrornis pyrrholaeumus") (Turdinae) is a bird discovered recently in Gabon. Hall et Moreau recognized as monotypic species merged in Forest Robin, type species "S.erythrothorax", and the recent studies confirm this arrangement, i.e. the genetic distance between the two taxa does not deserve species status.

Conspiracy theory

A conspiracy theory is a story that says that a group of people ("conspirators") have agreed ("conspired") to do illegal or evil things and hide them from the public. Conspiracy theories usually have little or no evidence. Many conspiracy theories say that certain historical events were actually caused by such conspirators.

Some conspiracy theories are about the: Apollo moon landing, the 9/11 attacks, the existence of UFO's, the assassination of JFK and the death of Diana, Princess of Wales. Other examples not relating to specific events are the Illuminati, Freemasonry-related conspiracy theories, and chemtrails.

There are different kinds of conspiracy theory. some cases are straightforward. They pretend to explain events to which we "do" know the real cause, or for which there is no specific cause. We now know all we are ever going to know about the 9/11 attacks and the death of Diana, Princess of Wales. Likewise, that the Earth is round (as opposed to flat) has so much evidence that denying it is simply irrational.

There has been a growth in recent years in conspiracy theories proposed on the internet. Conspiracy theories once limited to fringe audiences have become common in mass media, and particularly on the internet. Conspiracy emerged as a cultural phenomenon in the United States of the late 20th and early 21st centuries.

It is worth remembering that conspiracy theorists get paid by websites according to how many viewers they attract. Websites that seem free to the user are paid for by adverts, usually quite harmless, though they may be annoying. The point is that the people who put up the individual articles get paid once the number of viewers is over a certain qualifying number.

David Grimes has calculated that it takes at least three years to expose a conspiracy on the internet, depending on the number of people involved. Many conspiracies would be exposed in between three and four years.

WWE Backlash

Backlash was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by World Wrestling Entertainment, which started in 1999 and was held in April (but in 2005, it was held in May). From 2004 to 2006, only WWE Raw superstars appeared at Backlash.

The 2007 event was the first WWE PPV event since Judgment Day 2003 (other than Wrestlemania, Summerslam, Royal Rumble, and Survivor Series) to feature all three brands (Raw, SmackDown! and ECW) after WWE stopped with brand-only events.

The last Backlash PPV was in 2009. It was replaced by Extreme Rules in 2010.


Judgment Day (2003)

Judgment Day (2003) took place on May 18 2003 at the Charlotte Coliseum in Charlotte, North Carolina. It was the last pay-per-view starring both brands before WWE started having brand only PPVs. 

Prichard, Alabama

Prichard is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, in the United States.

Prattville, Alabama

Prattville is a city in Autauga and Elmore counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is the county seat of Autauga County. As of the 2020 Census, the population of the city is 37,781. The city is northwest of Montgomery.

On February 17, 2008, Prattville was hit by an estimated EF3 tornado which destroyed more than 45 homes and businesses and damaged over 800.


Pleasant Grove, Alabama

Pleasant Grove is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 9,544.

This town is not to be confused with Pleasant Groves.

Pinson, Alabama

Pinson is a city and a northeast suburb of Birmingham in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 7,215.

Pike Road, Alabama

Pike Road is a town in Montgomery County, Alabama, in the United States. As of 2020, the population of the city is 9,439.

Piedmont, Alabama

Piedmont is a city in Calhoun and Cherokee counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. The population was 4,787 at the 2020 census. It is included in the Anniston-Oxford, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area.

On March 27, 1994, a F4 tornado struck here, destroying the Goshen United Methodist Church and killing 22 people including the groom's 4-year-old daughter.

Pell City, Alabama

Pell City is a city in St. Clair County, Alabama, United States. The city is the county seat of St. Clair County along with Ashville. At the 2020 census the population was 12,939.

Pelham, Alabama

Pelham is a city and suburb of Birmingham in Shelby County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 24,318. It was named for famed American Civil War officer John Pelham.


Phenix City, Alabama

Phenix City is a city in Lee County and Russell County in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is across the Chattahoochee River from Columbus, Georgia.

British Rail Class 139

Class 139 is the TOPS classification for PPM60 model lightweight railcar units built by Parry People Movers for use on the national rail network in Great Britain. The class were originally built in 2008 for operation on the Stourbridge Town Branch Line.

Enon

Enon is an American indie rock band. They are named after Enon, a village in Ohio. Enon has three members, one man who sings and plays electric guitar and a woman who plays bass guitar and keyboard. The third member plays drums. The woman was born in Japan and lives now in America. The guitarist played before in the band Brainiac.




Enon, Ohio

Enon is a village in Clark County, Ohio, United States. The population was 2,449 at the 2020 census.


Port Vale F.C.

Port Vale Football Club are an English football club currently playing in Football League Two. They are based in Burslem, Staffordshire — one of six towns that make up the city of Stoke-on-Trent. The club's rivals in the city are Stoke City, games between the two clubs are known as the "Potteries derby". Games against Crewe Alexandra are also called a derby, although "Alex" are in south Cheshire.

Port Vale are not named after a place, which is unusual for an English league clubs. The two symbols on the clubs badge are a bottle kiln and the Stafford knot.


The Rec was Port Vale's home from 1913 to 1950. The Old Recreation Ground was in Hanley and stood on what is now the car park for the Potteries Shopping Centre. 

Vale Park has been Port Vale's home ground since 1950. Vale Park has a capacity of around 22,000.

Vale Park is not the oldest ground in the world, it has had several upgrades in its history. The original ground consisted of two stands (The Railway side and the Lorne Street main stand) with banks of terracing at the Bycars and Hamil ends of the ground. Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be made more modern. The paddock at the front of the Railway Stand was also made into an all-seated area, with just the Lorne Street side now being left as a standing area. Vale fans stood for the last time on Lorne Street at the end of the 1997-98 season, with the stand being demolished before work began on a new £3,000,000 structure. Work has yet to been finished on this, due to low funds and a change in ownership of the club. However, once new owners V2001 had taken care of the financing, work was finally begun on finishing the second half of the stand. It is due to be completed sometime in 2008.

Among the club's famous fan base is singer Robbie Williams, who was raised in Stoke-on-Trent. He is now a major shareholder, having, in February 2006, bought £240,000 worth of the £250,000 worth of available shares in the club. Castle Comfort Stairlifts, the club's sponsors, at the same time bought the remainder for £10,000.

For the computer game FIFA 2000, he provided an original theme song with "It's Only Us", on the condition that Port Vale were included in the game, which they were, and are in the Rest of World section. This song was also featured on the only FIFA Soundtrack CD release by EMI.

In 2005 Williams founded Los Angeles Vale F.C., a Super Metro League team in the United States, named for Port Vale and based at his L.A. home.

Football League Division Three North: 2

Football League Division Four: 1


Staffordshire Senior Cup: 1

Anglo-Italian Cup

Debenhams Cup

Football League Trophy: 2

Before the War: 

After the War:

FA Cup

League Cup


NG

NG, Ng, or ng may mean:



Mound, Minnesota

Mound is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States. There were about 9,398 people living in Mound as of the 2020 census.

John Holmes

John Curtis Holmes (August 8, 1944 – March 13, 1988) better known as John C. Holmes or Johnny Wadd was an American pornographic actor known mainly for his large penis. Holmes made about 2,500 pornographic films, most with him having sexual intercourse with women but at least one with him having sex with a man.

Holmes' penis was said to be between 12.5 and 16 inches (32–41 cm) when at its largest. Fellow pornographic actor Ron Jeremy has said Holmes' penis was 11½ inches, but Holmes claimed it was 14 inches.

John Holmes died of an AIDS-related illness in 1988.

Bird-of-paradise

The birds of paradise are songbirds of the family Paradisaeidae. They live in eastern Indonesia, Maluku, Papua New Guinea, Torres Strait Islands, and eastern Australia. Best known are the members of the genus "Paradisaea", including the type species, the greater bird-of-paradise, "Paradisaea apoda".

They live in tropical forests like rainforests, swamps and moss forest. They build their nests from soft materials, such as leaves, ferns, and vine monsters, typically placed in a tree fork.

These birds are best known for the remarkable plumage and behaviour of the males. They are an extreme example of how sexual selection works. 

Females choose males who they instinctively see are fine specimens of their species. The colours of the plumage, the construction of the nest, the song and the mating dance all play a part. In some species the pairing is monogamous, and in others the males are polygamous. If they are monogamous, the males look much like the females. If they are polygamous, the males are very much flashier than the females. In both cases, it is the female who makes the choice of partner.

Hunting for plumes and habitat destruction have reduced some species to endangered status. Habitat destruction due to deforestation is now the main threat.

Birds of paradise range in size from the king bird of paradise at 3 grams (1.8 oz) and 15 cm (6 in) to the black sicklebill at 110 cm (43 in) and the curl-crested manucode at 430 grams (15.2 oz).

Birds of paradise have bodies which look rather like a crow. They have stout or long bills and strong feet, About two-thirds of the species are strongly sexually dimorphic.

In most species, the diet is mostly fruit, but riflebirds and sicklebills also prefer insects and other arthropods.

Greater "melampitta"

Formerly placed here


Songbird

Songbirds are the main group of birds in the order Passeriformes. They are the suborder Passeri, sometimes called 'oscines' (Latin for songbird). They are a genuine clade.

There are about 4000 species of songbird. Their "syrinx" (vocal organ) is able to produce varied and beautiful singing. They are a "very" successful group of birds, in fact they are the dominant birds on Earth today.

It seems songbirds evolved 50 million years ago in the part of Gondwana which later became Australia, New Zealand, New Guinea and Antarctica. They then spread around the world.

Their song is mainly territorial: it communicates the identity and whereabouts of an individual to other birds of the same species. It also signals sexual intentions. Female preference in some populations is based on the extent of a male's song repertoire. The larger a male's repertoire, the more females a male individual attracts. 

Bird calls are also used for alarms and contact. They are especially important in birds that feed or migrate in flocks. Although almost all birds give calls of some sort, well-developed songs are only given by a few lines outside the songbirds.

This is now known to be a paraphyletic group and so it is not used in modern systematics.


This is accepted as a clade.


Passerine

A passerine is a small or medium sized bird of the order Passeriformes, which includes more than half of all bird species. They are perching birds. Most of them are small in size, and most can sing very well. Their main suborder is the Passeri, the songbirds.

The passerines have a number of adaptations which, taken together, have made them highly successful, with many species around the world.


Evidence on their evolution comes from comparative anatomy, the fossil record and molecular biology. 

It is thought that the first passerines evolved in the southern continent of Gondwana in the Palaeogene. This might have taken place around the Upper Palaeocene some 60–55 mya. The latest opinion on passerine evolution is that that passerines originated on the Australian landmass ∼47 mya.

The early fossil record is poor because the first Passeriformes were on the small side, and their delicate bones did not preserve well. Two specimens from Queensland, Australia are fossil bone fragments clearly recognizable as passeriform. They are two species of about 10 and 20 cm in overall length. This proves that some 55 mya, barely into the early Eocene, early perching birds were recognizably distinct. It also suggests that the origin of this great order of birds was in the southern continent.

There are three sub-orders: "Acanthisitti", "Tyranni" and "Passeri". There are only two bird species in the sub-order Acanthisitti. They are known as New Zealand wrens. The sub-order Tyranni are also known as the suboscines. Many of these birds are found in tropical areas. The sub-order Passeri has the most bird species. They are also known as the oscines. 


Suboscines

Songbirds or oscines



Superb lyrebird

The superb lyrebird ("Menura novaehollandiae") is a pheasant-sized songbird.

It is an Australian endemic species, about 100cm long. It has brown upper body plumage, grayish-brown below, rounded wings and strong legs. It is the longest and third heaviest of all songbirds. 

They are capable of mimicking a wide variety of sounds, including other bird's songs and man-made sounds like car alarms and chainsaws. 

Lyrebird

A lyrebird is a ground-dwelling Australian bird in the genus Menura. They live in forests, especially rainforests, of eastern Australia, and they were introduced to Tasmania in the 19th century. They are found in two National Forest areas of Victoria, New South Wales and southeast Queensland.

They are most notable for their superb ability to mimic natural and artificial sounds from their environment. Since they live on the ground in fairly dense undergrowth, sound is used by the males to attract attention. When a female arrives, the visual display comes into action. It is a typical "female choice" mating system, where males defend a mating territory, and sing and display to get a mate.

The lyrebird's mimicked calls are learned from the local environment, including other birds. It takes young birds about a year to perfect their mimicked repertoire. The female lyrebirds of both species are also mimics, and will sing on occasion but the females do so with less skill than the males. A lyrebird classic is their imitation of human sounds in the forest such as car alarms, camera shutters and forest logging with chain-saws.

The breeding cycle of the lyrebirds is long, and lyrebirds are long-lived birds. They can live up to thirty years. They also start breeding later in life than other passerine birds. Female Superb Lyrebirds start breeding at the age of five or six, and males at the age of six to eight. Males defend territories from other males.These territories may contain the breeding places of up to eight females. In a male's territory, he makes or uses display platforms.

The females each build an untidy nest, usually low to the ground in a moist gully, where each lays a single egg. She is the sole parent who incubates the egg over 50 days until it hatches, and she is also the sole carer of the lyrebird chick.

Albert's lyrebird

The Albert's lyrebird ("Menura alberti") is a pheasant-sized songbird, about 90 cm long, with brown upper body feathers and rich chestnut below. It is very similar with the superb lyrebird in its habits. This bird also mimics other species sounds. It is sometimes called the "Prince Albert Lyrebird" or the "Northern Lyrebird". Named after Queen Victoria's husband, Prince Albert, they are smaller than the Superb Lyrebirds.

Albert's lyrebirds are only found in a small area of rainforest in the Lamington National Park near the border of Queensland and New South Wales. There are about 3,500 birds known to exist. There are reports of the birds in the Blackall Range, but this has not been proved. Known groups of birds live on Tamborine Mountain, Scenic Rim and the Nightcap Range.

They eat small insects which they scratch up from the ground. They are a shy bird which will run or fly away if disturbed. During the breeding season in winter, from May to August, the male bird performs displays of song and dance to attract the females. The songs are copied from other birds and forest sounds. The songs can last up to four hours, with some individual songs lasting up to one hour. During his dance, the male bird raises his tail feathers up and over his body. The feathers form a lyre shape which is why they were given the name "lyrebird".

It is listed as a Vulnerable species because it lives in such a limited area, it can only eat a small range of food from that area, and it is not breeding quickly.


Corvida

The "Corvida" were one of two "parvorders" that were inside the suborder Passeri. The term is now not used in taxonomy because it is paraphyletic.

Passerida

Passerida is one of two "parvorders" in the suborder Passeri. 

Piciformes

Piciformes are an order of birds containing about 67 living genera with a little over 400 species, of which the Picidae (woodpeckers and relatives) make up about half. Amost all live in woods (arboreal).

In general, the Piciformes are insectivorous, though the barbets and toucans mostly eat fruit and the honeyguides are unique among birds in digesting beeswax (though insects make up most of their diet).

Nearly all Piciformes have parrot-like zygodactyl feet—two toes forward and two back, an arrangement that has obvious advantages for birds that spend much of their time on tree trunks. An exception are a few species of three-toed woodpeckers. The jacamars aside, Piciformes do not have down feathers at any age, only true feathers. They range in size from the rufous piculet at 8 centimetres in length, and weighing 7 grams, to the toco toucan, at 63 centimetres long, and weighing 680 grams. All nest in cavities (holes) and have altricial young, meaning they have to look after their chicks for quite a long time.

Order: PICIFORMES

La Silla Observatory

La Silla Observatory is an observatory in Chile with eighteen telescopes that study the stars. The observatory is one of the biggest in the Southern Hemisphere. La Silla is a 2,400 meter high mountain that is found in the far southern part of the Atacama Desert. It can be found about 160 kilometers north of La Serena, 27 kilometers south of the Las Campanas Observatory, and about 100 kilometers north of the Cerro Tololo Observatory.



Crimean Astrophysical Observatory

The Crimean Astrophysical Observatory (CrAO) is found in Ukraine and is an observatory. It studies the stars and has found a total of 12 minor planets to date:


Freema Agyeman

Freema Agyeman (born Frema Agyeman on 20 March 1979) is an English actress. She is of Ghanaian and Iranian descent. She is known by a lot of people for playing Martha Jones on the television series "Doctor Who" and also in its spin-off series "Torchwood".

Missy Elliott

Melissa Arnette "Missy" Elliott (born July 1, 1971) is a five-time Grammy Award-winning American rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer. With record sales of over seven million in the United States, she is the only female rapper to have six albums certified platinum by the RIAA, including one double platinum ("Under Construction"). Elliot has released six studio albums. Her seventh album is called Block Party. She has Graves' disease.


Piombino

Piombino is a town and commune in the province of Livorno (Tuscany), Italy, on the border between the Ligurian Sea and the Tyrrhenian Sea, in front of Elba Island and at the northern side of Maremma.
It has an ancient historical centre, derived from the time in which it was the Etruscans' port, near the area of Populonia. In the Middle Ages, it was an important port of Pisa's Republic. Still today Piombino is one of biggest port in Italy, and is one of the most used port for to go in the Elba Island, (with the port of Livorno). Piombino outside the down town has a very big industrial area.


Piombino has schools, churches, banks, parks and squares. In the locality of Punta Falcone there is an astronomical observatory, built in 1976.

On July 28 2000, the city of Piombino got the Gold Medal of Military Valor for the fight against nazism and fascism, before and during the World War II.




Caraș-Severin County

Caraş-Severin (; Serbian: Караш Северин, "Karaš Severin", ; , Bulgarian: Караш-Северин, "Karash-Severin") is a county (judeţ) of Romania, in historical region Banat. The capital of Caraş-Severin County is Reşiţa.

In 2002, about 332,000 people lived in Caraş-Severin County.

Caraş-Severin County has an area of 8,514 km². It is the third biggest county in Romania, after Timiş and Suceava counties. The Danube enters Romania in Caraş-Severin County.

Caraş-Severin County has 2 municipalities, 6 towns, and 69 communes.




Gold Medal of Military Valor

The Gold Medal of Military Valor (Italian language: "Medaglia d'oro al Valore Militare") is an Italian medal established on 21 May 1793 by King Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia.

During World War I, the medal was awarded to military personnel for exceptional valor in the face of the enemy. After the World War II, the medal was gave to the cities that fought fascism and nazism during the war.


Silver Medal of Military Valor

The Silver Medal of Military Valor (Italian language: "Medaglia d'Argento al Valore Militare") is an Italian medal established in 1833 by King Charles Albert of Sardinia.

During World War I, the medal was awarded to military personnel for exceptional valor in combat. Like the Gold Medal and the Bronze Medal, the Silver Medal was given also to citizens who fought against nazism and fascism during World War II.


Bronze Medal of Military Valor

The Bronze Medal of Military Valor () is an Italian medal awarded by the King of Italy. 

During World War I, the medal was awarded to military personnel for exceptional valor in combat. For each subsequent act of valor, the recipient was awarded a bar in the corresponding class. As the Gold medal and the Silver Medal, after the World War II, the Bronze Medal was gave to the cities that fought against the nazism and the fascism during the war.


Reşiţa

Reşiţa (German: "Reschitz", Hungarian: "Resicabánya", Krashovani: Решица or "Rešica", Czech: "Rešice") is a city in the western part of Romania. It is the capital of Caraş-Severin County, in the Banat region. About 84,000 people live in Reşiţa as of the year 2004.

Orbetello

Orbetello is a town and "commune" in the province of Grosseto (Tuscany), Italy. It is about south of Grosseto, on a lagoon, which is an important Natural Reserve.
Orbetello was an ancient Etruscan village, which in 280 BC went under the control of the Romans, who had founded their colony of Cosa.

In the Middle Ages it was controlled by the Aldobrandeschi family, who held it until the 14th century, when it was bought by the city of Orvieto. After some years, Orbetello was captured by the Sienese Republic. In the mid-16th century it was part of the Spanish puppet State of Presides, becoming its capital. Later it was under the Grand Duchy of Tuscany and, from the late 19th century, the new Kingdom of Italy.

In 1927-1933, Italo Balbo's "air cruises" started from Orbetello's lagoon.


Pontedera

Pontedera is a small Italian industrial town in Tuscany, Italy, in the province of Pisa. Pontedera is the headquarters of the Piaggio company,from the 1930s one of most important Italian manufacturers motor vehicles such as the Vespa and the Ape. Piaggio was a subsidiary of FIAT. Today the owner of Piaggio is Roberto Colaninno.

Pontedera is in the Arno valley at the confluence of the Era River and the Arno River.
The Town has a small lake in Pietroconti called Braccini lake.

Churches:

Palaces:



Casentino

The Casentino is the valley in which the first tract of the Arno River flows till Subbiano, in the Italian region Tuscany. It is one of the four valleys in which the Province of Arezzo is divided. The valley's biggest "comuni" are all in the Arno valley: among these the biggest are Bibbiena and Poppi, while Capolona, Castel Focognano, Castel San Niccolò, Pratovecchio, Stia, Subbiano are more or less smaller. The villages on the neighbouring hills and mountains are much smaller. These are Chitignano, Chiusi della Verna, Montemignaio, Ortignano-Raggiolo and Talla. The Casentino is mentioned in the song "Ich hab in Penna einen Liebsten wohnen", from the "Italieniches Liederbuch" by Hugo Wolf.


Colle di Val d'Elsa

Colle di Val d'Elsa or Colle Val d'Elsa is a town and "comune" in Tuscany, Italy, in the province of Siena. It has a population of c. 20,000 inhabitants (2005). Its name in Italian means "Hill of Elsa Valley", where "Elsa" is the name of the river which crosses it. Today, Colle di Val d'Elsa is internationally renowned for the production of crystal glassware and art, largely produced in the industrial lower town.
The area was settled by man from at least the 4th millennium BC. In 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of Guelphs and Ghibellines and in 1479 it was attacked by Neapolitan soldiers. From the 14th century it was under the control of the city of Florence and the Grand Duchy of Tuscany until the unification of Italy in 1860. In the 20th century it became an important industrial town. During World War II it was bombed by Allied aircraft. The oldest part of the town is the "colle alta", the higher part, with a well preserved medieval center. The city is also famous as the birthplace of sculptor and architect Arnolfo di Cambio.


British Rail Class 140

The British Rail Class 140 was the prototype of the Pacer diesel multiple unit. Much of the bodywork was constructed using Leyland National bus components, with the exception of the cabs, in 1980.

British Rail Class 141

The British Rail Class 141 was the first production model of the Pacer diesel multiple units.
They were created because then British Rail had a large shortage of trains so rather than spending lots of money on expensive proper trains, they invented the Pacer. British Leyland at the time had a surplus in the production of bus bodies so the idea was to weld the bus body from an old bus on to a freight waggon chassis. The result of this was that pacers have notoriously poor suspension and are noisier around corners due to flanging (the squeaky noise that you'll sometimes hear when travelling by train). This makes them non-ideal passenger trains so they are now being replaced (or have been replaced in the case of the class 141) by new trains.

Rosignano Marittimo

Rosignano Marittimo is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region Tuscany. It is about 80 km southwest of Florence and about 20 km southeast of Livorno. As of 31 December 2004, it had 31,516 people. It has an area of 120.3 km².

The "comune" of Rosignano Marittimo contains the "frazioni" of: Castiglioncello, Rosignano Solvay, Vada, Castelnuovo della Misericordia, Gabbro, and Nibbiaia.

Rosignano Marittimo borders the following "comuni": Castellina Marittima, Cecina, Collesalvetti, Livorno, Orciano Pisano, Santa Luce.


James Henry Hammond

James Henry Hammond (November 15, 1807 – November 13, 1864) was from South Carolina. He served as a United States Representative from 1835 to 1836, Governor of South Carolina from 1842 to 1844, and United States Senator from 1857 to 1860. He had a son. He was also a slave owner; his plantation is in Redcliffe Park in South Carolina. The stables at Redcliffe Park were either built by him or his son.

Santa Croce sull'Arno

Santa Croce sull'Arno is an Italian town in the province of Pisa, Tuscany. About 13,400 people lived there as of 2005.

The city is famous for the tanning industries. In 16.92 square kilometres there are about 400 factories and laboratories.

British Rail Class 142

The British Rail Class 142 was a type of "Pacer" diesel multiple units used in the United Kingdom. 96 units were built by BREL in Derby between 1985 and 1987. They were a development of the earlier Class 141 which were introduced in 1984.

Functional illiteracy

Functional illiteracy means that a person is not able to read, write, and do math well in regular life. Someone who is fully illiterate can not read, write, or do math at all. Such people have perhaps never learnt how to read or write; perhaps they did not need to. A person who is functionally illiterate is different - at some point in their lives, these people were taught reading and writing skills. For different reasons, adults who are functionally illiterate try to avoid writing and reading as much as possible. That way, a person who is functionally illiterate may be able to write their name, but it is very difficult for them to write more than a few sentences.

These people have trouble functioning in modern society: when they are confronted with printed materials they cannot perform simple tasks such as filling out a form, understanding a contract, following written instructions, reading a newspaper article, traffic signs, consulting a dictionary, or understanding a bus schedule.

Because of functional illiteracy, these people also have a lot of trouble using modern communication technologies, such as a personal computer or a mobile phone.

The people who are functionally illiterate often have other problems as well: Other people may bully them, they may have higher health risks, and stress. Because they cannot get good jobs, they often earn little money.

Crime-researchers and sociologists have talked about the link between functional illiteracy and crime.

"Business" magazine estimates that 15 million functionally illiterate adults had a job in the United States at the start of the 21st century. The American Council of Life Insurers reported that 75% of the Fortune 500 companies provide some level of training to help their workers overcome this situation. All over the U.S 30 million - 14% of adults - are unable to perform simple and everyday literacy activities. The National Center for Education Statistics has more detail.

This report sees three parameters: prose, document, and quantitative literacy. There are four levels for each parameter: below basic, basic, intermediate, and proficient. For prose literacy, for example, a below basic level of literacy means that a person can look at a short piece of text to get a small piece of uncomplicated information. Similarly, a person who is "below basic" in quantitative literacy might be able to add two numbers.

In the US, 14% of adults are at the "below basic" level for prose literacy; 12% are at the "below basic" level for document literacy; and 22% are at that level for quantitative literacy. Only 13% of the population is proficient in these three areas. In the terms of the study, "proficient" means these people are able to compare viewpoints in two editorials. They can interpret a table about blood pressure, age, and physical activity. They can also compute and compare the cost per ounce of food items.

In the UK, according to the "Daily Telegraph" (14 June 2006) "one in six British adults lacks the literacy skills of an 11-year-old". The UK government's Department for Education reported in 2006 that 47% of school children left school at age 16 without having achieved a basic level in functional maths, and 42% fail to achieve a basic level of functional English. Every year 100,000 pupils leave school functionally illiterate in the UK.

A Literacy at Work study, published by the Northeast Institute in 2001, found that business losses attributed to basic skill deficiencies run into billions of dollars a year due to low productivity, errors, and accidents attributed to functional illiteracy.

Sociological research has demonstrated that countries with lower levels of functional illiteracy among their adult populations tend to be those with the highest levels of scientific literacy among the lower stratum of young people nearing the end of their formal academic studies. This correspondence suggests that a contributing factor to a society's level of civic literacy is the capacity of schools to ensure students attain the functional literacy required to comprehend the basic texts and documents associated with competent citizenship.

British Rail Class 143

The British Rail Class 143 is a diesel multiple unit, part of the Pacer family of trains introduced between 1985 & 1986. They originally worked around North East England but were later transferred to Wales. The coaches are based on an Alexander bus body mounted on a chassis from a freight or Goods truck. Twenty-five units were built, numbered 143001-025 but later re-numbered 143601 - 143625. 

British Rail Class 144

The British Rail Class 144 "Pacer diesel multiple units (DMUs) were built by BREL Derby from 1986-1987. A total of 23 units were built, replacing many of the earlier First-generation "Heritage" DMUs.

British Rail Class 150

The British Rail Class 150 "Sprinter" diesel multiple units (DMUs) were built by BREL from 1984-87. A total of 137 units were built in three main subclasses, replacing many of the earlier first-generation "Heritage" DMUs. Which were in need of replacement 

British Rail Class 151

The British Rail Class 151 was a prototype class of DMU built by Metro cammel in the mid-1980s.

British Rail Class 153

The British Rail Class 153 "Sprinter" is a single-car diesel multiple unit train.

In the early 1990s, British took the decision that running 2-car trains on rural routes was inefficient, and identified the need for single-carriage trains. Initially consideration was given to splitting the Met-Cam Class 156 units to form class 152 units, however due to various problems with the Class 155 units, the decision was taken to split these units instead.

British Rail Class 155

The British Rail Class 155 "Super-Sprinter" is a diesel multiple unit. These DMUs were built by British Leyland at Workington (using Leyland National bus components) between 1987 and 1988 as part of British Rail's replacement of its ageing diesel fleet which were First-Generation. 

British Rail Class 156

The British Rail Class 156 "Super-Sprinter" is a diesel multiple unit (DMU). A hundred and fourteen of these units were built from 1987 to 1989 by Metro-Cammell (now owned by Alstom) at their Washwood Heath Works in Birmingham. They were built to replace elderly First Generation "Heritage" DMUs and locomotive-hauled passenger trains.

British Rail Class 157

Class 157 was the designation applied to a range of Diesel multiple unit trains of the Sprinter family planned for regional use, in particular for the Strathclyde Passenger Transport Executive. As well as the class number, British Rail reserved carriage numbers in the 526xx and 576xx series for these units.

As the Privatisation of British Rail began, this project became unviable as resources were concentrated on the privatisation process, leading to the famous 1064-day 'drought' of new train orders. By the time this period was over, plans had moved on and Stratchclyde ended up receiving a batch of Class 170 units.

British Rail Class 158

British Rail Class 158 "Express Sprinter" is a type of diesel multiple unit (DMU) train. They were built for British Rail between 1989 and 1992 by BREL at their Derby Works. They were built to replace old DMUs and locomotive-hauled passenger trains. Class 159 trains are almost the same as Class 158s. They work many non-electrified services such as Exeter St David's To London Waterloo. They were among the last new trains in the UK to be built with the old toilet system which emptied directly onto the track. BREL also built 20 carriages to 1m gauge for export to Thailand in 1990 - 1991 

British Rail Class 159

The British Rail Class 159, known as "South Western Turbo" by Network SouthEast (but in reality a member of the Sprinter family), is a diesel multiple unit, built from 1989-93 by BREL at Derby Works. 

British Rail Class 165

The British Rail Class 165 "Network Turbo" diesel multiple units (DMUs) are diesel multiple unit that were built by BREL at York Works from 1990–1992 . These units are suburban trains, with an express version appearing later in the form of the Class 166 "Network Express Turbo" units. The Class 165 belongs to the Networker families of trains.

British Rail Class 166

The British Rail Class 166 "Network Express Turbo" diesel multiple units (also known as just "Thames Turbos" ) were built by ABB at York Works from 1992-93. These units are the express version of the Class 165 "Network Turbo" units. They have a top speed of 90mph (suitable for mainline use), are carpeted throughout and have air-conditioning (the 165s lack the latter two features and it should be noted the 166 is similar to the Class 158 in terms of what it offers). 

British Rail Class 168

The Class 168 "Clubman" is a diesel multiple-unit (DMU) train used by Chiltern Railways for InterCity services between London and the Midlands. They were built in several batches from 1997 onwards. The first batch of units was classified 168/0 under TOPS and bore a large resemblance, both visually and in terms of electrical design, to the Class 165 units previously built by BREL at York. This is because they were based on plans originally drawn up by Network SouthEast and thus can be considered to be Networker Turbos. Subsequent builds, classified 168/1 and 168/2, were given the newer style cab and a new design of wiring and thus are part of the Turbostar family of trains. 

British Rail Class 170

The Class 170 "Turbostar" is a diesel multiple unit (DMU) built by Bombardier Transportation (previously ADtranz) at their Derby Litchurch Lane Works, England. This has become the most popular type of DMU built since the privatisation of Britain's railways, with 122 units built. 

British Rail Class 171

The Class 171 "Turbostar" is a type of DMU operated by Southern. The Class 171 is identical to the Class 170, except for the replacement of the BSI coupler with a Dellner coupler. This provision was made in order to allow emergency joining with Class 377 DC third-rail electric units.

British Rail Class 172

The Class 172 is a diesel multiple unit (DMU) of the Turbostar family similar to the Class 168, Class 170 and Class 171.

British Rail Class 175

The Class 175 "Coradia" is a model of diesel multiple unit passenger train used in the United Kingdom. They were built from 1999–2001 by Alstom at Washwood Heath in Birmingham. The fleet was based at Chester Depot. The fleet was used in North Wales on services from Holyhead, South Wales, normally going south or up to the North Wales Coast. Many also operated round the Manchester area.

British Rail Class 180

The British Rail Class 180 Adelante is a class of 14 diesel-hydraulic multiple-unit passenger trains built by Alstom at Washwood Heath in 2000/01 for First Great Western (FGW). They are part of the Coradia 1000 family, along with the Class 175. After recurring technical problems with the trains, FGW handed them all back to leasing company Angel Trains in 2008/09. After a period in store, they were leased to Hull Trains and Grand Central, while the remaining five units returned to service with FGW. The latter five have since moved to Grand Central, whilst the four Hull Trains units have been transferred to East Midlands Railway.

British Rail Class 185

The Class 185 (branded by its operators as the Pennine Class 185) is a diesel multiple-unit passenger train built by Siemens Transportation Systems in Germany for the British train operating company First TransPennine Express.

British Rail Class 201

The British Rail Class 201 (or 6S) six-car diesel-electric multiple units (DEMUs) were built in 1957–1958 at Eastleigh railway works and Ashford railway works. They were built for use on the London to Hastings line. Several tunnels along the route had restricted clearance, meaning that these units were built with a narrow body profile.

British Rail Class 202

The British Rail Class 202 (or 6L) diesel-electric multiple units were built from 1957 to 1958 at Eastleigh railway works and Ashford railway works. These units were built to work the London Charing Cross to Hastings services. Several tunnels along the route had restricted clearance, so these units were built with a narrow body profile.

British Rail Class 203

The Class 203 was the final version of the Hastings narrow-bodied diesel multiple unit train. It was originally classified 6B. They were delivered in 1958. Their unit numbers were 1031–1037. They differed from class 202 by having a buffet car.

British Rail Class 204

The British Rail Class 204 diesel multiple units were two-car versions of the Class 205 '3H' units. They were classified as 2H under the old system. Their unit numbers were in the range 1119-1122.

British Rail Class 205

The British Rail Class 205 (or 3H) diesel-electric multiple units were built by BR at Eastleigh railway works from 1957–1962.

Due to a generous disposal policy by Porterbrook Leasing, nearly all of the final units in service were preserved. The only unit not preserved was no. 205012, which had poor bodywork and donated its engine to the only surviving unrefurbished Class 207 unit.

British Rail Class 206

The British Rail Class 206 or 3R was a type of diesel-electric multiple unit (DEMU) first created in 1964. They were re-formed from Class 201 and Class 416 vehicles for use on Reading-Redhill-Tonbridge (North Downs Line) services. Six three-car sets were created, numbered 1201–1206. They were nicknamed 'Tadpole' units because of the contrast between the wide-bodied 416 'head' and the narrow-bodied 206 'tail'.

British Rail Class 207

The British Rail Class 207 (or 3D) diesel-electric multiple units were built by BR at Eastleigh railway works in 1962.

British Rail Class 210

The British Rail Class 210 was a type of diesel-electric multiple unit built in the late 1970s. The class was intended to be a modern train to replace the ageing types in use on the Southern Region of British Railways but the prototypes built did not manage to secure production for the class and they were withdrawn in the 1980s. 

Christopher Flavin

Christopher Flavin is the President of the Worldwatch Institute, an independent research organization focused on natural resource and environmental issues, based in Washington, DC. He is also a founding member of the Board of Directors of the Business Council for Sustainable Energy] and is a member of the National Academy of Sciences Board on Energy and Environmental Systems, the Climate Institute, and the Environmental and Energy Study Institute. His research and writing focus is international energy and climate policy.

Flavin has participated in several notable international conferences, including the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro in 1992 and the Climate Change Conference in Kyoto, Japan, in 1997. He has testified before national and state legislatures and meets frequently with government and international leaders.

Flavin is a native of Monterey, California and a cum laude graduate of Williams College, where he studied economics, biology, and environmental studies.



British Rail Class 220

The Class 220 "Voyager" is a class of diesel-electric high-speed multiple-unit trains built by Bombardier Transportation for the British train operating company Virgin Trains, but are now operated by CrossCountry. They are air-conditioned throughout, with powered doors and a top speed of . They were introduced to replace the thirty-year-old High Speed Train and Class 47 fleets. The trains were built between 2000 and 2001 and the first train entered service on 5 June 2001. The train is still operating currently in 2023 in parts of the United Kingdom. Trains like the Class 220 have made appearances in multiple popular Video Games as a result.
Some predecessors of the Class 220 includes the HST and its tilting “cousin” the APT.

British Rail Class 221

The Class 221 "SuperVoyager" is a train currently used by Avanti West Coast and CrossCountry in the United Kingdom. They were built by Bombardier Transportation between 2000 and 2002 for the British train operating companies Virgin CrossCountry and Virgin West Coast. The first Class 221 "SuperVoyager" entered traffic between Birmingham and Brighton on 12 April 2002. The Class 221 "SuperVoyagers" are similar to the Class 220 "Voyager" units, but they are built with a tilting mechanism offering up to six degrees of tilt to allow faster speeds on curved tracks. They have a maximum speed of .

Lester Brown

Lester R. Brown (born March 28, 1934) is an environmental analyst who has authored and co-authored over fifty books. His books have been translated into more than forty languages. He is the founder of the Worldwatch Institute and founder and president of the Earth Policy Institute.

The recipient of twenty-five honorary degrees and a MacArthur Fellowship, Brown has been described as "one of the world's most influential thinkers." 

Brown has authored or coauthored 50 books. One of the world's most widely published authors, his books have appeared in some 40 languages. Among his earlier books are "Man, Land and Food", "World Without Borders", and "Building a Sustainable Society". His 1995 book "Who Will Feed China?" challenged the official view of China’s food prospect, spawning hundreds of conferences and seminars. 

In May 2001, he founded the Earth Policy Institute to provide a vision and a road map for achieving sustainable development. In November 2001, he published "Eco-Economy: Building an Economy for the Earth", and his most recent book is "World on the Edge: How to Prevent Environmental and Economic Collapse" (2011). 

He is the recipient of many prizes and awards, including 25 honorary degrees, a MacArthur Fellowship, the 1987 United Nations' Environment Prize, the 1989 World Wide Fund for Nature Gold Medal, and the 1994 Blue Planet Prize for his "exceptional contributions to solving global environmental problems." More recently, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Italy, the Borgström Prize by the Royal Swedish Academy of Agriculture and Forestry, and appointed an honorary professor of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. In 1991, the American Humanist Association named Brown the Humanist of the Year.


Books online:

British Rail Class 222

The British Rail Class 222 is a diesel-electric multiple unit high-speed train capable of . Twenty-seven units have been built by Bombardier Transportation. These demu's are currently operated by East Midland Railway.

British Rail Classes 251 and 261

The Blue Pullman was a class of luxury train used from 1960 to 1973 by British Railways in the United Kingdom. As opposed to the previous Pullman Car Company locomotive-hauled carriage trains, and the Brighton Belle electric multiple units, the Blue Pullmans were the first diesel-electric multiple units designed for high-speed Pullman train services incorporating several novel features. Named after their custom blue livery, the trains were conceived under the railway 1955 Modernisation Plan, to create new luxury first-class diesel express trains, to compete with the motor car and the emerging domestic air travel market. Although not entirely successful in their own right, the Blue Pullmans demonstrated the possibility of high-speed fixed-formation multiple-unit Inter City train services and inspired the later development of the InterCity 125. After their withdrawal, none of the units survived into preservation.

British Rail Class 252

Class 252 was the classification allocated to the prototype High Speed Train unit, numbered 252001.

British Rail Classes 253, 254 and 255

Class 253, Class 254 and Class 255 are classifications allocated to InterCity 125 high speed trains in Great Britain. 

Hum Ek Hain

Hum Ek Hain is a Pakistani Urdu movie directed by Syed Noor which was released across theaters in Pakistan in November 2004. It stars Shaan, Saima, Shamyl Khan, Haidar Sultan. The title was meant to be "786" but the Censor Board Members did not approve of "786" so it was changed to "Hum Ek Hain".

British Rail Class 313

Class 313 electric multiple units were built by BREL at York Works from 1976-77, these being the first second-generation EMUs to be constructed for British Rail. They were also the first dual-voltage units to be built, capable of drawing power via 25 kV AC overhead, or 750 V DC third-rail, and the first units in Britain to have fully automatic couplers which allowed both physical coupling and also the connection of control electric and air supplies to be carried out without the need to leave the cab. Their passenger seats were an improvement on former types.

British Rail Class 300

Class 300 was allocated to a proposed fleet of parcels-carrying electric multiple units, which were to be converted from former Class 307 units.

Khamosh Pani

Khamosh Pani (, , ) is a 2003 French/German production about a widowed mother and her young son set in a late 1970s village in Punjab, Pakistan which is coming under radical influence.

The movie was released in India too. It was shot in a village in Pakistan.

British Rail Class 302

The British Rail Class 302 (pre-TOPS AM2) was a type of electric multiple unit (EMU) introduced between 1958 - 1960 for outer suburban passenger services on the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway route. This class of multiple unit was constructed using the Mark 1 bodyshell and was slam door.

Gbangbatoke

Gbangbatoke is a small town in southern Sierra Leone. It is in the Moyamba District. The people of Gbangbatoke are mainly from the Mende ethnic group. The Mende language is the main language.

Two of Sierra Leone's important politicians, Sir Milton Margai and Sir Albert Margai were born in Gbangbatoke.

British Rail Class 303

The British Rail Class 303 is a type of electric multiple unit. They are also known as "Blue Train" units. They were introduced in 1960 for the electrification of the North Clyde and the Cathcart Circle lines in Strathclyde. At first they were classified as AM3 units before the introduction of the TOPS classification system. They were the dominant EMU on the Glasgow suburban railway network for over 25 years. The final units were withdrawn from service in 2002.

British Rail Class 304

The British Rail Class 304 was a type of electric multiple unit. They were built for suburban use on the first phases of the West Coast Main Line electrification between Crewe and Manchester/Liverpool/Rugby. They were at first classed as AM4 units and later became Class 304 under the TOPS numbering system. They could be found in operation over most of the southern West Coast Main Line. The units conformed to the 1959-design for alternating current (AC) electrical multiple units, and were externally very similar to the Class 305, Class 308 and the 1,200 V direct current (DC) class Class 504 units. No units survived preservation, and all units were eventually scrapped.

British Rail Class 305

The British Rail Class 305 were an alternating current (AC) electric multiple unit (EMU). Under the pre-1973 British Rail numbering system, the class was known as AM5. When TOPS as introduced, the class became Class 305.

British Rail Class 306

The British Rail Class 306 was a type of electric multiple unit (EMU) introduced in 1949. It consisted of 92 three-car trains which were used on newly electrified suburban lines between Shenfield and London Liverpool Street.

British Rail Class 307

The British Rail Class 307 electric multiple units were built by BR at Eastleigh Works from 1954-1956. They were initially classified as AM7 before the introduction of TOPS.

British Rail Class 309

The British Rail Class 309 "Clacton Express" electric multiple units (EMUs) were built by British Rail (BR) York Works from 1962-1963. They were initially classified as Class AM9 before the introduction of TOPS. These units were the first express 25 kV alternating current (AC) units to be built by British Rail, and British Rail's first EMUs to be capable of 100 mph.

British Rail Class 308

The British Rail (BR) Class 308 alternating current (AC) electric multiple units (EMU) were built by BR at York, in three batches, from 1961–62. They were initially classified as AM8 units before the introduction of TOPS.

British Rail Class 310

The British Rail (BR) Class 310 is a slam-door, alternating current (AC) electric multiple unit (EMU) introduced in 1966 as part of the West Coast Main Line electrification project. They were initially classified as Class AM10 units before the introduction on the TOPS classification system. Constructed at BR's Derby Carriage and Wagon Works. They consisted of four carriages - a second class driving trailer, a second class trailer, a second class motor car (with guard's/luggage compartment above which the pantograph was mounted) and a composite (1st and 2nd class) driving trailer. The maximum speed was 75 miles per hour. A glass partition behind the driver's cab enabled passengers in the leading and rear coaches to have an excellent view of the line ahead or behind.

British Rail Class 311

The British Rail Class 311 alternating current (AC) electric multiple units (EMU) were built by Cravens at Sheffield in 1967. They were intended for use on the line from Glasgow Central to Gourock and Wemyss Bay, which was electrified in 1967.

British Rail Class 312

The British Rail Class 312 is a type of alternating current electric multiple unit built intended for use on outer-suburban passenger services. It was the last class of multiple unit to be constructed to the British Rail Mark 2 bodyshell, and also the last with slam doors. This latter feature contributed to their relatively early withdrawal (between 25–28 years old, compared to a life expectancy of 30 years). Ironically, the examples withdrawn by First Great Eastern and later 'one' Great Eastern between 2003 and 2004 were slightly newer than most of the carriages the operator introduced during 2005 for use on its premier express service

British Rail Class 314

British Rail Class 314 alternating current (AC) electric multiple units (EMU) were built by BREL at York works from 1978 to 1979. They were the second variety of British Rail's then-standard 1972 design for suburban EMUs, which eventually encompassed 755 vehicles and five Classes (Class 313/314/315/507/508). Able to operate from 25 kV overhead line current collection only, the fleet worked outer-suburban services on the Strathclyde Passenger Transport rail network in Central Scotland.

British Rail Class 315

British Rail Class 315 alternating current (AC) electric multiple units (EMU) were built by BREL at York works from 1980 to 1981. They were the fifth and final variety of British Rail's then-standard 1972 design suburban EMUs, which eventually encompassed 755 vehicles and five Classes (Class 313/314/315/507/508). Like the Glasgow-based Class 314 units, they are only able to operate from 25 kV overhead line current collection. The fleet works inner-suburban services on the Great Eastern Main Line run by the train operating company TfL Rail out of London Liverpool Street. Class 315s also did work services from Liverpool Street to Chingford, Enfield Town and Cheshunt operated by London Overground but got discontinued in 2020.

British Rail Classes 316 and 457

Class 316 and Class 457 were two suggested TOPS classifications. They were given to a single electric multiple unit (EMU) at different stages of its use as a prototype for the Networker series.

British Rail Class 317

The British Rail Class 317 electric multiple units were built by BREL at York Works in two batches, from 1981-82 and 1985-87. They were the first of several classes of British Rail EMU to be based on the all-steel Mark 3 bodyshell, departing from the "PEP"-aluminium design which had spawned the earlier Class 313 to Class 315. The Mark 3 bodyshell was also the basis of Class 318, Class 455, and the diesel "sprinters" pioneered by the Class 150.

Nehebkau

In Egyptian mythology, Nehebkau (also spelled Nehebu-Kau, and Neheb Ka) guarded the entrance to Duat, the Egyptian underworld. He was made up of Ka and Ba, the two parts of the soul. He is pictured as a snake with two heads. Atum was said to have to keep his finger on Nehebkau to keep him from being out of control. Since he was a snake, he was believed to heal those bitten by snakes and/or scorpions.

British Rail Class 318

The British Rail Class 318 is an electric multiple unit (EMU) train, which operates exclusively in the Strathclyde Partnership for Transport network in West Central Scotland. The units were introduced fully on 29 September 1986 as part of the electrification of the Ayrshire Coast Line between Glasgow Central and Ayr/Ardrossan with alternating current (AC) overhead lines. Usage was extended to Largs in January 1987. They were also used on the Inverclyde Line in small numbers and on rare occasions the Cathcart Circle Lines (including to Neilston and Newton).

Ka

Ka is one of the five parts of the Egyptian idea of the soul. The Ka was the life force and left the body during death. Ka was believed to be in food and drink and was placed with the dead for offerings. The Egyptians believed that at death the Ba and the Ka join together through Nehebkau before entering Duat.

British Rail Class 319

The British Rail Class 319 dual-voltage electric multiple units (EMU) were built by BREL York in two batches from 1987–88 and 1990. The trains were introduced for new north-south cross-London services from Bedford to Brighton, and since privatisation these services have been operated by Thameslink and First Capital Connect, the former franchise having been merged with the Great Northern section of the former WAGN franchise to form the latter train operating company at 0200 BST on 1 April 2006 as a result of re-franchising. Class 319 units have dual power pick-up, from either 25 kV alternating current (AC) overhead lines for services north of London, or 750 V direct current (DC) third rail to the south. However, some units were only used on outer suburban services in South London. The Class 325 postal units were based on the Class 319 units, with the same traction equipment and body design, but are fitted with cabs of the same design as the newer Class 365 and Class 465 
"Networker" units.

Since delivery of new rolling stock for Thameslink services started in 2015, a number of Class 319 units have been redeployed for use on other operators' services, including in the North West of England. In 2017, the last Thameslink units were withdrawn and were replaced by Class 700s.

British Rail Class 320

The British Rail Class 320 is an alternating current (AC) electric multiple unit (EMU) train found on the Strathclyde Partnership for Transport (SPT) rail network in Central Scotland, and is used exclusively on the North Clyde Line between Helensburgh and Airdrie, North Lanarkshire via Glasgow Queen Street railway station.

What with the introduction of the class 380 dsiros for the Inverclyde line, the class 334s will be put to service on the Airdrie to Bathgate route, the class 320s will be split between the cathcart circle lines and the Argyll line, 14 of the 1990 built EMUs will be put to work on the Glasgow - Newton, Neilston and Cathcart Circle lines, while the remaining units shall work alongside the class 318s on the North Clyde/Argyll lines. This can not happen without, the class 320s bogies being upgraded, currently, they have a 75 mph top speed, in November 2010 the class will be driven under their own power to WABTEC Doncaster by GBRF drivers where they will be given a full refurbishment scheme which shall include new seats, toilets fitted, painting into the new scotrail saltire livery and their top speed raised to 90 mph.

Ba

Ba is one of the five parts of the spirit in Egyptian mythology. Ba is considered to be the soul. Ba is believed to have a unique personality based on the person who has it. The Ba was pictured as a bird that flew from the body to join with the Ka at death. A Ba was said to return to the sarcophagus if it was properly stored. In some stories, Bas sometimes act as guardians in the underworld.

British Rail Class 321

The British Rail Class 321 alternating current (AC) electric multiple units (EMU) were built by BREL York in three batches from 1986–1989. The design was very successful and led to the development of the similar Class 320 and Class 322 units for use by Strathclyde PTE and Stansted Express (now used by Greater Anglia) respectively. The bodyshell design was also used for construction of the Class 456 direct current (DC) units. The Class 321s were nicknamed 'Dusty Bins', due to the class number sharing the same name as the game show 3-2-1. (This name has also been given to the diesel multiple unit (DMU) Class 153 no. 153321 for the same reason).

Class 321s were originally built for the Bedford services. However, in 1990, they started being used on Great Eastern Main Line services to Southend Victoria, Braintree and Clacton, to replace the class 302 and 305 EMUs, many of which were approaching 50 years old. Some 321s (many of the 3214s) were sent to work inter-regional services for Silverlink, and then briefly for London Midland, primarily on Euston to Northampton/Milton Keynes/Tring services.

High-speed rail

High-speed rail is a type of passenger rail transport that operates significantly faster than the normal rail traffic. Early Shinkansen trains had a top speed of , which is the world's first high-speed rail. Various definitions are used in different countries.

According to the European Union, high-speed trains must run at least on existing lines, and at least on newly built ones.

According to the United States Federal Railroad Administration, they should go above but there is no single standard, and lower speeds can be required by local constraints.

As of 2020, speeds of to are common in regular operation.

InterCity 125

The InterCity 125 is the brand name of British Rail's High Speed Train (HST) fleet. The InterCity 125 train is made up of two locomotives, one at each end of a fixed formation of carriages, and is capable of 125 mph in regular service. British Rail initially used the fleet on the Great Western Main Line, on the East Coast Main Line, on the Cross Country Route and latterly on the Midland Main Line, serving destinations such as London, Bristol, Edinburgh, as far south as Penzance and as far north as Aberdeen and Inverness. The InterCity 125 took the world record for the fastest diesel-powered train, when it was recorded at an absolute maximum speed of during 1987. From 2017, most have been replaced by the British Rail Class 800.

Ancient Egyptian concept of the soul

The ancient Egyptians believed the soul was divided into five parts Ren, Ba, Ka, Sheut, and Ib.

The Egyptians believed the heart held the emotions and thoughts. Believed to be weighed on the scales of Anubis by the feather of Maat. The Ib decided what your fate would be after death.

Believed to be the shadow of the person. The Sheut was the essence of the person and neither could the shadow exist without the person, nor could the person exist without their shadow.

Given at birth. A person was believed to live as long as their name lasted. Egyptians often went to great lengths to keep their names talked about and had them carved into monuments and surrounded by cartouche (magical rope).

Ba is considered the spirit. Ba is believed to have a unique personality based on the person who has it. The Ba was shown as a bird that flew from the body to unite with the Ka at death.

One of the five parts of the Egyptian idea of the soul. The Ka was thought of as the life force and left the body during death. Ka was believed to be in food and drink and was placed with the dead for offerings. Egyptian Mythology believes that at death the Ba and the Ka unite through Nehebkau before entering Duat.

Purple Mountain Observatory

Purple Mountain Observatory is an observatory that uses telescopes to look at the stars for new objects in space. It can be found on Purple Mountain in Nanjing, China.

Many asteroids were found at the observatory. Among the asteroids found are the Trojan asteroids 2223 Sarpedon, 2260 Neoptolemus, 2363 Cebriones, 2456 Palamedes, and 3494 Purple Mountain.

Anti-nuclear movement in California

The 1970s proved to be a pivotal period for the anti-nuclear movement in California. There was confrontation between nuclear power advocates and environmentalists. In 1981, 1,900 activists were arrested during protests at Diablo Canyon Power Plant. In 1984, the Davis City Council declared the city to be a nuclear free zone. California has banned the approval of new nuclear reactors since the late 1970s because of concerns over waste disposal.

The start of the anti-nuclear movement in California was the controversy over Pacific Gas & Electric's attempt to build the nation's first nuclear power plant in Bodega Bay. This conflict began in 1958 and ended in 1964, with the forced abandonment of these plans. Subsequent plans to build a nuclear power plant in Malibu were also abandoned.

The anti-nuclear movement grew in California between 1964 and 1974. It was during this period that some scientists and engineers began supporting the positions of the activists. They were influenced by the non-material philosophy that had inspired activists and had impacted the public consciousness. While Californian voters failed to pass a 1972 proposal placing a 5-year moratorium on nuclear plant construction, anti-nuclear groups campaigned to stop construction of several proposed plants in the seventies, especially those located on the coast and near fault lines. These proposals included the Sundesert Nuclear Power Plant, which was never built.

Over a two-week period in 1981, 1,900 activists were arrested at Diablo Canyon Power Plant. It was the largest arrest in the history of the U.S. anti-nuclear movement.

In this period there were controversies within the Sierra Club about how to lead the anti-nuclear movement, and this led to a split over the Diablo Canyon plant which ended in success for the utilities. The split led to the formation of Friends of the Earth, led by David Brower.

In 1979, Abalone Alliance members held a 38-day sit-in in the Californian Governor Jerry Brown's office to protest continued operation of Rancho Seco Nuclear Generating Station, which was a duplicate of the Three Mile Island facility. In 1989, Sacremento voters voted to shut down the Rancho Seco power plant.

California has banned the approval of new nuclear reactors since the late 1970s because of concerns over waste disposal.

On November 14th 1984 the Davis, California City Council declared the city to be a nuclear free zone. Another well-known nuclear-free community is Berkeley, California, whose citizens passed the Nuclear Free Berkeley Act in 1986 which allows the city to levy fines for nuclear weapons-related activity and to boycott companies involved in the United States nuclear infrastructure.




British Rail Class 322

The British Rail Class 322 electric multiple units were built by BREL in 1990 Five 4-car units were built for the dedicated Stansted Express service from London Liverpool Street to Stansted AirportThe units are now scrapped 

British Rail Class 323

The British Rail Class 323 electric multiple units were built by Hunslet TPL from 1992-96. Forty-three 3-car units were built for inner-suburban services around Birmingham and Manchester. These trains were the last vehicles to be built by the struggling manufacturer Hunslet before it collapsed.

Wrightwood, California

Wrightwood is a census-designated place in San Bernardino County, California. At the 2020 count, 4,720 people lived in Wrightwood. Wrightwood has an area of 5.95 square miles.

Slash Records

Slash Records is a record label in Los Angeles. It started out producing local punk rock bands. The label was sold to London Records in 1986.



John Macarthur (wool pioneer)

John Macarthur (1766 – 11 April 1834) was a soldier, business man, politician and the man who started the Australian wool industry. His farmhouse, called Elizabeth Farm after his wife, is still standing in Parramatta, New South Wales, where it is open to the public as a historic house. 

Lachlan Macquarie

Major-General Lachlan Macquaire CB (31 January 1762 – 1 July 1824) was a British military officer and the fifth Governor of New South Wales from 1810 to 1821. 

Macquarie had a leading role in the social, economic and architectural development of Australia. Historians say he changed New South Wales from a penal colony to a free settlement. This was very important in making the future of Australian society.

Macquarie was born on the island of Ulva, in the Inner Hebrides, Scotland. His father had a small farm at Oskamull on Mull. Macquarie's brother Donald, died as a prisoner of war during the American Revolution. Macquarie joined the army, the Royal Highland Emigrants. He was sent to Nova Scotia in 1776, and later served at New York and Charleston. In 1781 he became a Lieutenant and went to Jamaica for three years. He went back to Scotland, for a few years on half pay. He then joined the 77th Regiment and went to India.

He was ordered to arrest John Macarthur and George Johnston who were the leaders of the Rum Rebellion but they had already sailed to England before he got to Australia. There was a large increase in the number of convicts sent to Australia while Macquaire was governor. He used the extra convicts to build roads, building, and towns. He gave tickets of leave to well-behaved convicts. This caused him problems with the free settlers, people who had not been convicts. They thought they should have special rights, and that the convicts should not be seen as their equals. They made many complaints about Macquarie's government back to their friends in England.

Clashes between the settlers and the Aboriginal people increased. Macquarie believed that the best way to treat Aboriginal people was to civilise them. That meant replacing their traditional way of life with European ways. He set up a school for children but most left or went back to their families after a short time. He tried to make a small town to teach the Aborigines how to farm and build houses. He made laws to place Aborigines under British control.

Macquarie resigned at the end of 1821 because of poor health and the difficulty of the job. He served longer than any other governor. When he left 265 major works had been completed, including new army barracks, three convict barracks, roads to Parramatta, a road across the Blue Mountains, stables, a hospital and five towns along the Hawkesbury River, which were out of reach of floodwaters.

In 1822 and 1823 Macquarie took his family on a holiday to France, Italy and Switzerland. In 1824 he went back to live in his house on Mull. In April 1824 he died in London from a bladder and kidney infection. His body was sent back to his home for burial. His grave is now looked after by the National Trust of Australia.

She Wants You

"She Wants You" is a single by English singer and actress Billie Piper. The single reached #3 in the UK becoming her third top three hit in a row.

CD single 1


CD single 2


Honey to the Bee

"Honey to the Bee" is a single by Billie Piper released in 1999. It got to #3 in the UK singles chart. In January 2007, the song was used by Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles as part of an experiment to test out the new British singles chart rules that came into effect that month, which prompted the song to rise up the iTunes music charts, and reached number 17 in the singles chart on 21 January 2007 and number 11 in the download chart.

CD single 1


CD single 2


British Rail Class 325

The British Rail Class 325 is a dual-voltage alternating current (AC) electric multiple unit (EMU) train used for postal train services. Their cabs look similar to the Class 365 and Class 465 "Networker" units built around the same time. The Class 325 was British Rail's newest unit to take over parcels working on electrified lines.

British Rail Class 332

The British Rail Class 332 (originally Class 331) were electric multiple unit passenger trains used on the Heathrow Express. These trains went from London Paddington station to Heathrow Airport. There were 14 trains which had four or five carriages each. They were built in 1998 by CAF with traction equipment supplied by Siemens Transportation Systems at a factory in Zaragoza, Spain.

British Rail Class 333

The British Rail Class 333 electric multiple units were built by CAF with traction equipment supplied by Siemens Transportation Systems and are based on the Class 332 trains.

British Rail Class 334

The British Rail Class 334 is a suburban electric multiple unit built by the train maker Alstom in Birmingham. They are part of the Juniper family of trains along with Classes 458 and 460. They were built for SPT/Abellio ScotRail outer suburban services in Glasgow, UK. Their introduction saw the withdrawal of the last of Glasgow's old Class 303 "Blue Train" sets which had been in service since 1960.

Their introduction saw the withdrawal of the last of Glasgow's old Class 303 "Blue Train" trains which had been in service since 1960. Although delivered to Strathclyde in 1999-2002, they did not enter passenger service until 2001 due to a large number of problems (like other newly delivered Juniper trains) and technical issues which plagued the new units at their introduction. SPT had ordered 38 Juniper units originally, but two were added to the order as a goodwill gesture, because of these problems.

SPT purchased a total of 40 units, although only paying for 38 of the units (2 were given free, with the reason stated above) which can be seen in use daily across the SPT electric network. On the first running of the units, 334010 and 334020 ran to Gourock. Initially the units ran Ayrshire Coast Line and Inverclyde Line services but then become a common sight on the Argyle Line and North Clyde Line.

In December 2010, the Class 334s operated the Ayrshire Coast Line, Inverclyde Line, North Clyde Line and Argyle Line.

By June 2011 the class was substantially replaced by the Class 380 units on the Ayrshire Coast Line and Inverclyde lines, with only occasional units seen on those routes, to be refurbished.

In September 2008, the Scottish Government's agency Transport Scotland announced that all "ScotRail" trains (including from the Strathclyde Partnership for Transport) would be eventually repainted in a new, blue livery with white Saltire markings on the carriage ends. Class 334 re-livery began in November 2010 in preparation for the Airdrie to Bathgate reopening.

On 24 August 2011, ScotRail announced plans to refurbish all the fleet, with the project expected to start in November 2011 and take two years to complete. 334020 was the first to be properly refurbished at Kilmarnock's Brodie Rail Works. It was there for 3 months from 3 February 2012 to 2 May 2012. The last unit to receive a full refresh was 334006 which left Brodie Works on 8 November 2014.

From early 2015, an extensive overhaul will be carried out by Alstom to the entire fleet to improve passenger conditions, which will include the retrofitting of full air conditioning, at-seat charging points, provision for wi-fi, and reliability improvements to the doors. Additionally, a new CCTV system for Driver Only Operation will be installed.

British Rail Class 341 and 342

Class 341 and Class 342 were proposed electric multiple unit classes from the Networker series planned to operate new services on the UK rail network. unfortunately they were never built 

British Rail Class 350

The British Rail Class 350 "Desiro" is class of electrical multiple unit built by Siemens Mobility from 2004- Thirty of these units, known as Class 350/1s, were built for use by Central Trains and Silverlink on regional express services and Central Citylink services on the southern section of the West Coast Main Line. A further 37 units known as Class 350/2s were delivered to the UK for London Midland. The "Desiro" family also includes units of Classes 185, 360, 444 and 450. This train is nearly identical to the 450, as it was originated from that. It now runs on West Midlands Trains, On there London Northwestern Railway (LNWR/LNR) brand.

British Rail Class 357

The British Rail Class 357 "Electrostar" alternating current (AC) electric multiple units (EMU) were built by ADtranz, Derby (now owned by Bombardier Transportation) from 1999 to 2003 at a cost of approximately £350 million. The Electrostar family also includes Classes 375, 376, 377 and 378, and is the most numerous type of EMU built in the post-privatisation period of Britain's railways. These units were built in two batches for LTS Rail, since rebranded as c2c. This train is also known as one of the worst British rail trains.

British Rail Class 360

The British Rail Class 360 electric multiple units were built by Siemens in two sub-types from 2002–2005. These units are part of the Desiro family.

British Rail Class 365

The British Rail Class 365 "Networker Express" were dual-voltage (25kV AC and 750V DC) electric multiple units built by ABB at York from 1994-95. These were the last units to be built at York works before it closed. All Class 365 units received front end cab modifications to equip them with cab air conditioning. Their final service was on May 15th 2021.

British Rail Class 370

British Rail's Class 370 tilting trains, also referred to as APT-P (meaning Advanced Passenger Train Prototype), were the pre-production Advanced Passenger Train units. Unlike the earlier experimental gas-turbine APT-E unit, these units were powered by 25kV AC overhead electrification and were used on the West Coast Main Line between London Euston and Glasgow Central. The APT-P is the most powerful domestic train to have operated in Britain, the eight traction motors fitted to the two central Motor Cars giving a total output of 8,000 hp. This enabled the train to set the UK rail speed record of 162.2 mph in December 1979, a record that stood for 23 years.

British Rail Classes 371, 381 and 471

Class 371, Class 381 and Class 471 were proposed electric multiple unit classes from the Networker family intended to operate services in the south-east of England. 

British Rail Class 373

The British Rail Class 373 or TGV-TMST train is an electric multiple unit that operates Eurostar's high-speed rail service between Britain, France and Belgium via the Channel Tunnel. Part of the TGV family, it has a smaller cross-section to fit within the constrictive British loading gauge, was originally able to operate on the UK third rail network, and has a lot of fireproofing in case of fire in the tunnel. This is both the second-longest——and second-fastest train in regular UK passenger service. In 2015, the new Eurostar class 374 (e320’s) started being rolled out making the class 373’s going for scrap. As of 2017, 11 sets remain in service. In 1997, Great North Eastern Railway (GNER) ordered a few trains for use on the ECML and were retired in 2005. TGV hired these trains on their lines. As of 2016, all units remain in storage with no plans to return to service. These trains also ran on third rail towards London Waterloo. As of 2017, all but a few TGV TMST’s are in new Eurostar Blue livery.

Further information: TGV accidents

On 5 June 2000, 373101/102 on a Paris to London service derailed on LGV Nord near Arras, France at 180 mph (290 km/h). 14 people were treated for light injuries or shock, with no serious injures or fatalities. The articulated design was credited with maintaining stability during the incident and the train stayed upright. After investigation, the incident was blamed on a component of the transmission between the motors and axles coming loose. To reduce the unsprung mass, TGV trains have the motors attached to the train rather than the bogies. In order for the train to be able to go around curves a sliding "tripod" assembly is used, which became dislodged.

There have been several minor incidents. In October 1994, there were teething problems relating to the start of operations. The first preview train, carrying 400 members of the press and media, was delayed for two hours by technical issues. On 29 May 2002 a set was accidentally routed towards Victoria instead of London Waterloo, causing it to arrive 25 minutes late. The signalling error that led to the incorrect routeing was stated to have caused "no risk" as a result.

During the night of 18–19 December 2009, there was heavy snow causing widespread disruption to roads, railways and airports across northern Europe. Five trains (one of which was 373217 + 373218) broke down inside the Channel Tunnel because snow in the engine compartment was melted by warmer temperatures in the tunnel, the resulting water causing electrical and control system faults. Eurostar commissioned an independent report to evaluate what went wrong and how future events could be prevented or better managed. The report's recommendations included:


The majority of the recommendations were implemented by 23 October 2012.

Eurostar 373211/373212 on LGV Interconnexion Est, near Chennevières-lès-Louvres, Val d'Oise, France

All Class 373 sets were built as tri-voltage, able to operate on 25 kV 50 Hz AC (LGVs, Eurotunnel, High Speed 1, UK overhead electrified lines) and 3 kV DC (Belgian classic lines) using pantographs, and 750 V DC (UK third rail network) using third-rail pickup shoes. The shoes were retracted when switching to overhead power. After the opening of High Speed 1in 2007, overhead electrification is used throughout and the third rail shoes had been removed. Five of the SNCF-owned sets are quadri-voltage, able to operate from 1,500 V DC (French "lignes classiques") in the south of France, used on London–Avignon and ski services.
A Class 373 passes Herne Hill; from 1994 until 2007, Eurostar ran its services to and from London Waterloo/Waterloo International, using the third rail network in Southern England

The trains are powered by asynchronous traction motors. There are four powered axles in each power car and two powered axles in the outer bogie of the front passenger coach (a layout used on the original SNCF TGV Sud-Est (PSE) sets) giving 12 powered axles. Each set draws up to 16MW with 12 MW (16,000 hp) of traction power, but the lowest power-to-weight ratio in the TGV family.

The class uses five different standards of overhead: domestic catenary in each of Belgium, France and the United Kingdom; fixed-height catenary on LGV lines and HS1; and taller catenary in the Channel Tunnel, designed to accommodate double-deck car-carrying trains and roll-on roll-off heavy goods vehicle trains. The driver must manually lower and then raise the pantograph during the transition between catenary systems.

British Rail Class 375

The British Rail Class 375 Electrostar electric multiple unit train was built by Bombardier Transportation (previously ADtranz) at their Derby Works, from 1999 to 2005. In The Electrostar family, which also includes Classes 357, 376, 377, 378, 379 and 387, is the most numerous type of EMU introduced since the privatisation of British Rail. The trains are operated by Southeastern, along with their Class 377 fleet, on regional and outer suburban services. 

British Rail Class 376

The Class 376 Suburban Electrostar is a model of electric multiple-unit passenger train manufactured by Bombardier Transportation. It is part of the Electrostar family, which are the most common EMUs introduced since the privatisation of British Rail. The units were ordered by Connex South Eastern, introduced by South Eastern Trains, and are now operated by Southeastern.

British Rail Class 377

The Class 377 Electrostars are electric multiple units built by Bombardier Transportation (previously ADtranz) at their Derby Works, from 2001-2014. The Electrostar family, which also includes Classes 357, 375, 376, 378, 379 and 387 and is the most numerous type of EMU built in the post-privatisation period of Britain's railways.

British Rail Class 378

The Class 378 Capitalstar is a type of electric multiple unit used on the London Overground network. The class is derived from the Class 376 trains currently used by Southeastern, and are also part of the Electrostar family, but featuring significant differences. Primarily, the Class 378 features fully longitudinal seating similar to that used on London Underground rolling stock, which is necessary for the high passenger volume services run on London Overground. The units were constructed by Bombardier Transportation, and were delivered in two separate batches.

The Class 378/0s were delivered as 3-car units with dual-voltage capability. They were extended to 4-car units in 2009–2010.

The Class 378/1s were delivered as 4-car units with third rail capability only. They are used on the East London Line and were previously used on the Watford DC Lines.

In 2014–16, all units had an extra carriage added to increase capacity, making them 5-car units. During the change, extended units carried a blue square on the front and back of the train saying "5 Car Train". These were taken off after all the trains were extended.

British Rail Class 380

Class 380 is the designation given to a class of electric multiple unit train that are used on the national railway network in Scotland, in the United Kingdom.

British Rail Class 390

The British Class 390 "Pendolino" electric multiple unit is a tilting train built by Fiat Ferroviaria using Fiat tilt systems. Fifty-three 9-car units were built for Virgin Trains from 2001 to 2004. These trains were the last to be assembled at Alstom's Washwood Heath plant, in Birmingham, before it closed in 2005.

British Rail Class 395

The British Rail Class 395 are EMUs which run on the High Speed 1 railway line in the United Kingdom. The trains are the fastest operating domestic service trains in Britain, running at a maximum speed of they were introduced by operator Southeastern in 2009.

Cyberman

The Cybermen are a fictional race of cyborgs in the British television series "Doctor Who". They are one of the greatest and longest enemies of the Doctor. Cybermen were originally humanoids from the Earth's twin planet Mondas. The people of Mondas began to put more and more artificial metal parts into their bodies to keep themselves alive, making them cyborgs. This led to the race starting to think logically and calculating, showing no emotions. The Cybermen also turning other people into cyborgs.

They were created by Dr. Kit Pedler (the unofficial scientific advisor to the programme) and Gerry Davis in 1966, first appearing in the serial, "The Tenth Planet", which was the last to feature William Hartnell as the First Doctor. They have since been in the show a lot.

A parallel universe version of the Cybermen appeared in the 2006 series in the two-part story, "Rise of the Cybermen" and "The Age of Steel". They also appear in "Army Of Ghosts" and "Doomsday". They also appeared in the spin-off series "Torchwood" in the episode "Cyberwoman". They would later return to the new series in the 2008 Christmas Special "The Next Doctor", introducing two new types of cyberman; the Cyber-Shades and the Cyber-King. 

While the Doctor's other old enemies the Daleks did not change during the original series's twenty-six season run, the Cybermen were seen to change with almost every appearance. The Cybermen are humanoid, but have replaced their limbs and other body parts with non-living parts to the point where they don't have many flesh parts. In their first appearance in the series, the only portions of their bodies that still seemed human were their hands, but by their next appearance in "The Moonbase" (1967), their bodies were entirely covered up in their metal suits, with their hands replaced by two finger claws, but changed back to regular five finger hands in "The Invasion" (1968). As there are not many of them, the Cybermen often convert humans to cybermen.

It is assumed(and often implied) that there are still human parts beneath their suits, meaning they are actually cyborgs, not robots: in "The Tenth Planet", a Cyberman tells a group of humans that "our brains are just like yours", although by the time of "Attack of the Cybermen", their brains seem to have been replaced with electronics. In "Earthshock" (1982), the actors' chins were vaguely visible through a clear perspex area on the helmet to suggest some kind of human face. In "The Tomb of the Cybermen" (1967), veins were visible through the circular head of the Cyberman Controller and in "Attack of the Cybermen" (1985) and "The Age of Steel" (2006), the Cyber-Controller's brain is visible through the dome. The first is a Mondas Cyber Controller, while the second is an alternative cyberman. However, in "Revenge of the Cybermen" (1975), the Doctor says they are "total machine creatures".

Although the Cybermen often claim that they have done away with human emotion, they have exhibited emotions ranging from anger to smug satisfaction in their confrontations with the Doctor (although this is only clearly present during their appearances in the 1980s). Some Cybermen in the early stories were even given individual names such as "Krang". Some parallel Earth Cybermen did retain some memories of their pre-conversion lives, although their emotional response varied

This motive behind the removal of emotions is made more clear in "The Age of Steel" where it is done by putting in things that keep them from feeling emotions. In that episode, the deactivation of their emotional inhibitors drives the converted Cybermen insane when they realise what they have become, killing them. This motive may also be applicable to Mondas Cybermen, given their forcible conversion of other lifeforms to Cybermen to maintain their numbers, despite the fact the Mondasians appear to have originally willingly converted themselves as a survival mechanism.

Cybermen have a number of weaknesses over the years. Their biggest weakness is gold. It was not mentioned that they did not like gold until their attempt to destroy the planetoid Voga (the so-called "Planet of Gold") in "Revenge of the Cybermen" (1975). Initially, it was explained that, because it is very hard to grind up, gold chokes their respiratory systems. For example, the However, in later serials, gold appeared to affect them rather like silver affects werewolves, with gold coins or bullets with gold on the edge fired at them having the same effect. The revived series' Cybermen have no weakness to gold.

Nearly all the cyberman costumes were silver in colour and included items and material such as cloth, rubber diving suits, PVC, chest units, tubing, practice golf balls, cricketers' gloves, and silver-painted Doc Martens boots. A BBC Cyberman costume from the black & white era of TV has recently been discovered.
They also have guns

The 1980s design used converted flight suits painted silver. Unlike the Doctor's other enemies, the Cybermen have changed a lot in appearance over the years, looking more and more modern, although retaining certain commonalities of design, the most iconic being the "handle bars" attached to Cybermen heads, that were supposed to aid with their hearing, their round eyeholes and their chest units. Completely black-coloured Cybermen were seen briefly in "Attack of the Cybermen".

The Cybermen returned in episodes 5 and 6 of the 2006 season of the new series, in a two-part story set on an alternate Earth. The new Cybermen were designed by production designer Edward Thomas's team and Neill Gorton at Millennium FX. The new Cyberman design is tall, in a style reminiscent of Art Deco, with their Cybus Corporation logo on their chests and made to look like burnished steel instead of silver. The other big changes in the Cyberman design is that the Cyber-Controller had glowing eyes, a transparent forehead revealing the brain, and sockets on its chest-plate providing connectors to other systems.

Early Cybermen had an unsettling, sing-song voice, created by changing their voices slightly on syllables which a voice does not normally change. Their mouths opened fully and did not move when they were talking, then their mouths would shut as soon as they stopped talking. However they stopped doing this after their first few appearances.

The voices for the 2006 return of the Cybermen were provided by Nicholas Briggs (who performed the voices for the Cybermen in Big Finish audio stories as well as the Daleks in both the new series and the audio stories). Shown in the season 2 DVD special feature "Confidential Cut Downs," the voice was created by processing Brigg's voice through a voice modulator. The new Cybermen have a blue light in their "mouths" which blinks in synchronisation with their speech.

The Cybermen also use smaller, cybernetic creatures called "cybermats" to attack. In their first appearance in "The Tomb of the Cybermen", they resembled big metal fish and had segmented bodies with hair sensor probes along the base of their heads, which were topped with eyes. The Second Doctor described them as a "form of metallic life,".
The second model of cybermat seen in "The Wheel in Space" was used for sabotage, able to listen to human brainwaves. They were carried to the "Wheel" in small sacs that sank through the walls of the space station, causing drops in air pressure.
The third model, seen in "Revenge of the Cybermen", was a much larger, snake-like cybermat that could be remotely controlled and could inject poison into its victims.

Cybermats appear in Blood of the Cybermen. They look like flat snakes, and can turn living things into Cyber-Slaves with their poison. They are remote controlled, and are of the new, 3rd race of cybermen. They are Cyber Cats and Dogs.





On the BBC website, the Cybus Cybermen appear in two online games, Cyber Assault and Save Paris, both depicting the war between the Cybermen and Preachers on the parallel Earth. The Adventure Games has an episode, Blood of the Cybermen, which feature a 3rd, new race of Cybermen.

Marlborough

Marlborough is a town in Wiltshire, England, United Kingdom. It is the home of a famous school, Marlborough College. Other notable schools include St. John's Academy and St. Peter's Primary School.

The Dukes of Marlborough take their name from the town, but their seat in near Oxford. 

Anatidae

The anatidae are the biological family of birds that includes the ducks, geese and swans.

These birds are common and widespread, and live in or near water. The family has a cosmopolitan distribution, on all the world's continents except Antarctica and on most of the world's islands and island groups.

These are birds that are adapted for swimming, floating on the water surface, and in some cases diving. The family has about 146 species in 40 genera. They are usually herbivorous, and are monogamous breeders. A number of species do annual migrations. A few species have been domesticated for agriculture, and many others are hunted for food and recreation. Five species have become extinct since 1600, and others are close to extinction.

Anatinae

The Anatinae is a subfamily of the family Anatidae that including swans, geese and ducks.

They are the dabbling ducks. They feed mainly at the surface rather than by diving. The subfamily contains only the dabbling ducks and one relative, the extinct moa-nalos, land ducks which lived on some Hawaiian islands.

High-Definition Multimedia Interface

The High-Definition Multimedia Interface (HDMI) is an audio/video interface for transmitting uncompressed digital data. The main use of an HDMI cable is to connect components such as a DVD player to a High-definition television (HDTV). HDMI is the uncompressed, all-digital standard used for High-Definition (HD) quality for consumer electronics and PC products using a single cable. It transmits digital video, multi-channel surround sound, and control data through a single cable. It replaces up to eleven older cables with a single connection. It uses the same technology as DVI but is more commonly used, especially for consumer electronics and laptops.

Oil tanker

An oil tanker, also known as a petroleum tanker, is a ship made for the bulk transport of oil. There are two basic types of oil tankers: the crude tanker and the product tanker. Crude tankers move large quantities of unrefined crude oil from its point of extraction to refineries. Product tankers, generally much smaller, are designed to move petrochemicals from refineries to points near consuming markets.




Strehaia

Strehaia is a town in Mehedinţi County, Oltenia, Romania. Around 10,506 people lived in Strehaia in 2011.

Heritage railway

A heritage railway (United Kingdom), preserved railway (United Kingdom), or tourist railroad (United States and Canada) is a term used for a railway which is run as a tourist attraction, is usually but not always run by volunteers, and seeks to re-create railway scenes of the past. See List of heritage railways.

Chessel

Chessel is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is found in the district of Aigle.

Duat

Is the Egyptian idea of the underworld (also called Akert, Amenthes, or Neter-khertet). To the Egyptians, the underworld was divided into sections filled with dangers that the Egyptian Soul had to pass through. This is the same realm that Ra was believed to pass into each night and battle Apophis. The Egyptian Underworld is described in many funerary texts that are found in tombs of mummies, believed to help guide them through death.

Duat is where the famous "Weighing of the Heart" is displayed. Where the soul, shown as a heart, is weighed on the scales of Anubis against the feather of Ma'at. Ammut was believed to eat the souls of the people whose heart did not match the exact weight of Ma'at's feather. It was thought that the heart itself was then eaten by a lion. 

The Egyptian idea of the underworld influenced many other ideas of afterlife in other cultures. 

Ammit

Ammit was the Egyptian idea of the punishment of the soul. The name means "devourer" or "soul-eater."Ammit was usually known as 'The Devourer of the Dead' or the 'Eater of Hearts'. Ammit was believed to eat any souls found to have sinned. They would then be digested for eternity in acid. Or, Ammit who was believed to be the guardian of a lake of fire, would place the soul into the liquid fire for all eternity.

Ammit appears as mix of the crocodile, lion, and hippo. Rather than being worshipped, Ammit was feared. She was not viewed as a god, but she was viewed as a good force because she destroyed evil. Although Ammit is seen as a devouring entity, she is neutral and strictly serves at the whim of the other deities to take souls that have sinned against the gods and send them into oblivion. She was known as the crocodile goddess also known as Estriedia.

Ammit was believed to be Anubis's equal but She wanted to enter the real world and devour the souls of the living.

Ammit also intermittently appears as Ammit the Devourer in The Kane Chronicles. In the trilogy, it was kept at bay with Anubis. Ammit was also the antagonist of the television show Moon Knight. 

Ostra, Suceava

Ostra is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Gyula, Hungary

Gyula is a town in Békés county in the south-eastern part of Hungary.

Gyula is twinned with:

Bistriţa River

Bistriţa River can be any of four rivers in Romania:

Gadsden, Alabama

Gadsden is a city and the county seat of Etowah County, northeastern Alabama, United States, about 60 miles northeast of Birmingham.

Geneva, Alabama

Geneva is a city in and the county seat of Geneva County, Alabama, United States. It is part of the Dothan, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is also the largest city of Geneva County.

Gardendale, Alabama

Gardendale is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States, and a northern suburb of Birmingham.

Akan, Wisconsin

Akan is a town in Richland County, Wisconsin, United States. 444 people lived there as of the year 2002.


Alban, Wisconsin

Alban is a town in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States. 897 people lived there as of the year 2000.

Guntersville, Alabama

Guntersville is a city in Marshall County, Alabama, United States and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area. At the 2020 census, the population of the city was 8,553. The city is the county seat of Marshall County.

Guin, Alabama

Guin is a city in Marion County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 2,195.

On April 3, 1974, Guin was devastated by an F5 tornado during the Super Outbreak, the largest tornado outbreak on record. The death toll in Guin was 30, which, at the time, was 11% of the population.

Greenville, Alabama

Greenville is a city in Butler County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 7,374. The city is the county seat of Butler County. It is called the Camellia City, the state flower of Alabama.

The city of Greenville has an average high temperature of 77.30 degrees and an average low temperature of 53.80 degrees Fahrenheit. The city averages 4.80 inches of precipitation per month.

The local government of Greenville is run by the Mayor and City Council. The city council has five members.

The city's residents were on the first episode of the ABC reality/game show series "My Kind of Town", on Sunday, August 14, 2005.

Greenville is the location of a Robert Trent Jones-designed golf course, Cambrian Ridge. The clubhouse for the golf course is on the highest point in Butler County.

Greenville is home to Sherling Lake Park and Campground which has 41 campsites and surrounds two lakes.

Greenville is also the home of the Watermelon Jubilee, a local arts and crafts exposition held each year in the month of August. Every year in September, the city hosts the Butler County Fair. Also, during the fall, Greenville hosts Old Time Farm Day which features activities such as tractor races, blacksmithing and quilting demonstrations.


Greensboro, Alabama

Greensboro is a city in Hale County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 2,218. The city is the county seat of Hale County. It is part of the Tuscaloosa, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Graysville, Alabama

Graysville is a city in Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 1,950.

Goodwater, Alabama

Goodwater is a city in Coosa County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 1,291. It is part of the Alexander City Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Glencoe, Alabama

Glencoe is a city in Calhoun and Etowah Counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is part of the Gadsden Metropolitan Statistical Area. At the 2020 census the population was 5,372.

Albany, Green County, Wisconsin

Albany is a town in Green County, Wisconsin, United States. 775 people lived here as of the year 2000.


Albany, Pepin County, Wisconsin

Albany is a town in Pepin County, Wisconsin, United States. 620 people lived here as of the year 2000.

Albion, Dane County, Wisconsin

Albion is a town in Dane County, Wisconsin, United States. 1,823 people lived there as of the year 2000.

Reedy Creek Observatory

Reedy Creek Observatory is an observatory for looking at Near-Earth objects. It is run by John Broughton, an Australian astronomer. It can be found on the Gold Coast, Queensland at Reedy Creek, Queensland.


Prescott Observatory

Prescott Observatory is an observatory that is used by Paul G. Comba. He looks at Near-Earth objects through a telescope. Many asteroids have been found at Prescott Observatory.

Falconiformes

The order Falconiformes is a group of about 290 species of birds that include the diurnal (active during dawn and dusk) birds of prey. All have young that remain in the nest for some time after being hatched, and are cared for by both parents.

Samson, Alabama

Samson is a city in Geneva County, Alabama, United States. It is part of the Dothan, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area. At the 2020 census the population was 1,874.

Saraland, Alabama

Saraland is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, in the United States. It is a suburb of Mobile, Alabama, and part of the Mobile metropolitan statistical area. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 16,171. Saraland is the third largest city in Mobile County.

Satsuma, Alabama

Satsuma is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 6,749. It is a part of the Mobile metropolitan statistical area.

Scottsboro, Alabama

Scottsboro is a city in Jackson County, Alabama, United States, and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 15,578. Named for its founder Robert Scott, the city is the county seat of Jackson County.

Selma, Alabama

Selma is a city in and the county seat of Dallas County, Alabama, United States, located on the banks of the Alabama River. The population was 17,971 at the 2020 census. The city is best known for the Selma to Montgomery marches, three civil rights marches that began in the city.


Sheffield, Alabama

Sheffield is a city in Colbert County, Alabama, United States, and is included in The Shoals MSA. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 9,403. Sheffield is the birthplace of notable attorney, actor, former senator and presidential contender Fred Thompson.

Slocomb, Alabama

Slocomb is a city in Geneva County, Alabama, United States. It is part of the Dothan, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area. At the 2020 census the population was 2,082. The community is named after postmaster, Frank W. Slocomb.

Smiths Station, Alabama

Smiths Station is a city in Lee County, Alabama, United States. It is a part of the Auburn Metropolitan Area, but is more closely tied to the Columbus, Georgia-Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Stevenson, Alabama

Stevenson is a city in Jackson County, Alabama, United States, and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city is 1,955.

Spanish Fort, Alabama

Spanish Fort is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. It is on the eastern shore of Mobile Bay.

Southside, Alabama

Southside is a city in Etowah county in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is part of the Gadsden Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 9,426 at the 2020 census.

Sulligent, Alabama

Sulligent is a city in Lamar County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 1,879.

Sumiton, Alabama

Sumiton is a city in Jefferson and Walker Counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. At the 2020 census the population was 2,444.

Sylacauga, Alabama

Sylacauga is a city in Talladega County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 12,578.

Sadova, Suceava

Sadova is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.

Fireflight

Fireflight is an American Christian rock band which originated from Eustis, Florida. The band formed in 1999.

Teasc

Teasc is a commune of Dolj County, Romania. 3,360 people live in Teasc.

Christian rock

Christian rock is a type of rock music that is performed by Christians. It often has lyrics and themes dealing with Christianity.

Christian rock started as "Jesus music" and piano in church but has become a form of modern music that has become more popular. Some Christian rock bands such as Switchfoot and P.O.D. have become popular even with fans who are not Christians.
Some Christians do not like the idea of this type of music and think rock in any form is a work of the Devil.

Other bands in this genre include Skillet, Fireflight and Red. There are many more.

Michael Howe (bushranger)

Michael Howe (1787 – 21 October 1818) was a famous bushranger in Tasmania, Australia. He called himself the "Lieutenant Governor of the Woods". He kept a written record of his thoughts in a book he called "The Journal of Dreams".

Howe was born in Pontefract, Yorkshire, in 1787. He joined the merchant navy at Hull. After a short while he ran away and joined the Royal Navy. He deserted (left without permission) the navy after two years. He had his own small boat and carried coal. In 1811 Howe was arrested at York and charged with highway robbery. He was sentenced to seven years in Van Diemen's Land.

Howe arrived in Hobart on October on the convict ship "Indefatigable". He was sent to work for John Ingle, who had once been the Supervisor of Convicts. He was now a farmer and merchant. Howe soon escaped and went into the bush. He joined up with a large group of escaped convicts who had become bushrangers (robbers). The gang of 28 was led by John Whitehead. It included two soldiers (who had deserted) and two aboriginal women.

The bushrangers robbed a lot of houses and farms around New Norfolk. On April 25, 1815, the gang went to the house of a Mr.Carlisle. Carlisle and his friends went out to stop the gang from stealing a boat. Carlisle was shot dead, and his neighbour, Mr.O'Birne, was badly wounded. O'Birne died a few days later. The gang returned to New Norfolk in May 1815, to rob more houses. They met a group of soldiers and John Whitehead was shot and killed. To claim a reward for killing a bushranger, the body had to be identified. To stop people from claiming a reward for their capture, Howe and Whitehead had made a promise to each other. This would be to cut the head off whoever was killed first so no one would know who it was. As soon as Whitehead was shot, his head was cut off by Howe and hidden in the bush.

After Whitehead's death, Howe became leader of the gang of bushrangers. He set up the gang as if they were on board a ship. Gang members could be punished if they broke the gang's rules. Punishment included having to cut and carry firewood, and even included being lashed (whipped). Howe would read to them from the Bible. He wrote letters to Governor Davey. In 1816 he signed the letters as "Lieutentant Governor of the Woods." In 1817 he began calling himself the "Governor of the Ranges." He was living with an aboriginal woman, called "Black Mary." Members of the gang were known to be James Garry, Peter Septon, George Jones, Richard Colier, John Chapman, Thomas Coyne, James Parker, Mathew Kegan, John Brown and Nenis Curry. The gang continued to rob people at Green Point, Coal River, and Bagdad.

In 1817, Howe wrote to Governor William Sorell and offered to give himself up in return for a free pardon (not be put in gaol for any crimes). He offered to tell the government where all the gang members could be found. He was put into Hobart gaol while he was being questioned about the gang. He escaped while being taken for a walk through Hobart to get fresh air. He went back and rejoined the gang. Governor Lachlan Macquarie in Sydney stopped the pardon, and told Sorell to put more effort in to capture Howe. Sorell offered money, a free pardon and a return to England for anyone that captured Howe.

The hunt for the bushrangers became more organized. John Chapman and a man called Elliot were shot dead by the soldiers in 1817. A gang member called Hillier cut Peter Septon's head off to claim a reward. He also tried to cut off Richard Colier's head. Both men were hurt in the struggle. Hillier was taken to Sydney where he was executed by hanging. Colier was executed in Hobart on March 26, 1818. In April, 1818, a group of convicts tried to steal a government boat. They were going to rescue Howe and take him to America. John Brown, James Parker, Thomas Coyne and Mathew Kegan gave themselves up to the military. They were all taken to Newcastle, New South Wales where they were given the lash (whipped) and sent to gaol.

In September 1818, a group came from Sydney to join in the hunt for Howe. They wanted the reward. One member of the group was the famous aboriginal tracker, Mosquito. They nearly caught him. They did get his guns and his knapsack (a backpack). In the knapsack they found his ""Journal of Dreams"". It was a book made from kangaroo skin and Howe had written in it using kangaroo blood as ink. In it Howe wrote about his fear of being killed by the aborigines, his dreams of his sister, and lists of vegetables and flowers he would grow in a house in the forest. As he escaped, Howe thought Black Mary was slowing him down, so he tried to shoot her.

On October 10, Howe was captured by two people he knew and trusted, Watts and Drewe. He managed to untie himself and stabbed Watts and shot Drewe dead. Watts died later from the injuries. On October 21, 1818, Black Mary led another two men, a convict, Thomas Worrall, and a soldier, William Pugh, to where Howe was hiding near the Shannon River. Worrall had been a sailor who had been sent to Van Diemen's Land for his part in the naval mutiny at the Nore (mouth of the Thames) in 1797. He wanted the reward so he could be free and return to England. All the men shot at each other, but after a fierce fight, Pugh and Worrall bashed Howe to death with their muskets (guns).

Howe was buried by the river, but his head was taken back to Hobart where it was put on public display.

Much of the information comes from a book by Governor Sorell's secretary, Thomas Wells. The book was called "Michael Howe, the Last and Worst of the Bushrangers of Van Diemen's Land" and printed in 1818 in Hobart. This was the first work of general literature printed in Australia.

Neil Peart

Neil Ellwood Peart (September 12, 1952 – January 7, 2020) was a Canadian musician. He was best known as the drummer and lyricist for the rock band Rush. He was also an author of 4 books, including "Ghost Rider", a book about his life after both his daughter and his wife died within a year of each other. 

He won many awards for his drumming, and was a guest star as himself in the "Aqua Teen Hunger Force" movie.

Peart died from glioblastoma, which is a type of brain cancer, on January 7, 2020, in Santa Monica, California. He was 67.


Communes of the Sarthe department

There are 375 communes in the Sarthe "département", in France.

Aigné

Aigné is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Aillières-Beauvoir

Aillières-Beauvoir is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Allonnes, Sarthe

Allonnes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the north west of France.

Amné

Amné is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Ancinnes

Ancinnes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Arçonnay

Arçonnay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Ardenay-sur-Mérize

Ardenay-sur-Mérize is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Arnage, Sarthe

Arnage is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Arthezé

Arthezé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Asnières-sur-Vègre

Asnières-sur-Vègre is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Assé-le-Boisne

Assé-le-Boisne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Assé-le-Riboul

Assé-le-Riboul is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Aubigné-Racan

Aubigné-Racan is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Auvers-le-Hamon

Auvers-le-Hamon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Auvers-sous-Montfaucon

Auvers-sous-Montfaucon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Avesnes-en-Saosnois

Avesnes-en-Saosnois is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Avessé

Avessé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Avezé

Avezé is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in west France.

Avoise

Avoise is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Ballon, Sarthe

Ballon is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Ballon-Saint-Mars.

Bazouges-sur-le-Loir

Bazouges-sur-le-Loir is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Bazouges Cré sur Loir.

Beaufay

Beaufay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Beaumont-Pied-de-Bœuf, Sarthe

Beaumont-Pied-de-Boeuf is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Beaumont-sur-Dême

Beaumont-sur-Dême is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Beaumont-sur-Sarthe

Beaumont-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Beillé

Beillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Berfay

Berfay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Bernay-en-Champagne

Bernay-en-Champagne is a former commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Bernay-Neuvy-en-Champagne.

Bérus

Bérus is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Bessé-sur-Braye

Bessé-sur-Braye is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.


Béthon

Béthon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Blèves

Blèves is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Boëssé-le-Sec

Boëssé-le-Sec is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Bonnétable

Bonnétable is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Bouër

Bouër is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Bouloire

Bouloire is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Bourg-le-Roi

Bourg-le-Roi is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Bousse, Sarthe

Bousse is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Brains-sur-Gée

Brains-sur-Gée is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

Brette-les-Pins

Brette-les-Pins is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.


Briosne-lès-Sables

Briosne-lès-Sables is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Brûlon

Brûlon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Cérans-Foulletourte

Cérans-Foulletourte is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Chahaignes

Chahaignes is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Challes, Sarthe

Challes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Champagné

Champagné is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Champfleur

Champfleur is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Champrond

Champrond is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Changé, Sarthe

Changé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.


Chantenay-Villedieu

Chantenay-Villedieu is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Chassé, Sarthe

Chassé is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. Since 2015, it became a part of the new commune of Villeneuve-en-Perseigne.

Chassillé

Chassillé is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in west France.

Château-du-Loir

Château-du-Loir is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 October 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Montval-sur-Loir.

Château-l'Hermitage

Château-l'Hermitage is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Chaufour-Notre-Dame

Chaufour-Notre-Dame is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Chemiré-en-Charnie

Chemiré-en-Charnie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Chemiré-le-Gaudin

Chemiré-le-Gaudin is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Chenay, Sarthe

Chenay is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in west France.

Chenu, Sarthe

Chenu is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Chérancé, Sarthe

Chérancé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Chérisay

Chérisay is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Cherré, Sarthe

Cherré is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Cherré-Au.

Cherreau

Cherreau is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Cherré-Au.

Chevillé

Chevillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Clermont-Créans

Clermont-Créans is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Cogners

Cogners is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Commerveil

Commerveil is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.



Conflans-sur-Anille

Conflans-sur-Anille is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Congé-sur-Orne

Congé-sur-Orne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Conlie

Conlie is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Connerré

Connerré is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Contilly

Contilly is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Cormes

Cormes is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Coudrecieux

Coudrecieux is a commune; it is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Coulaines

Coulaines is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Coulans-sur-Gée

Coulans-sur-Gée is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Coulombiers, Sarthe

Coulombiers is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Fresnay-sur-Sarthe.

Coulongé

Coulongé is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Courcebœufs

Courcebœufs is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Courcelles-la-Forêt

Courcelles-la-Forêt is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Courcemont

Courcemont is a commune. It is in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Courcival

Courcival is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Courdemanche, Sarthe

Courdemanche is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Courgains

Courgains is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Courgenard

Courgenard is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.


Courtillers

Courtillers is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Crannes-en-Champagne

Crannes-en-Champagne is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Cré

Cré is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Bazouges Cré sur Loir.

Crissé

Crissé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Crosmières

Crosmières is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Cures, Sarthe

Cures is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Dangeul

Dangeul is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Degré

Degré is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Dehault

Dehault is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Dissay-sous-Courcillon

Dissay-sous-Courcillon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Dissé-sous-Ballon

Dissé-sous-Ballon is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Marolles-les-Braults.

Dissé-sous-le-Lude

Dissé-sous-le-Lude is a former commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department. This is in the western part of France. On 1 January 2018, it became a part of the commune of Le Lude.

Dollon

Dollon is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Domfront-en-Champagne

Domfront-en-Champagne is a commune.

It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Doucelles

Doucelles is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Douillet

Douillet is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Duneau

Duneau is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Dureil

Dureil is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Écommoy

Écommoy is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Écorpain

Écorpain is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Épineu-le-Chevreuil

Épineu-le-Chevreuil is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Étival-lès-le-Mans

Étival-lès-le-Mans is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Évaillé

Évaillé is a former commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Val-d'Étangson.

Fatines

Fatines is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Fay, Sarthe

Fay is a commune. It is found in the Pays de la Loire region in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Fercé-sur-Sarthe

Fercé-sur-Sarthe is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Fillé

Fillé is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Flée, Sarthe

Flée is a commune. It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

Fontenay-sur-Vègre

Fontenay-sur-Vègre is a commune in the region Pays de la Loire in the Sarthe department in the west of France.

