Picea abies

Picea abies, the Norway spruce or European spruce, is a species of spruce native to Northern, Central and Eastern Europe. Its branches hang downwards, and it hasthe largest cones of any spruce, 9–17 cm long. It is very closely related to the Siberian spruce ("Picea obovata"). The Norway spruce is planted for its wood, and is the species used as the main Christmas tree in many countries around the world.

Polypedates bengalensis

The brown blotched Bengal tree frog or brown blotched whipping frog ("Polypedates bengalensis") is a frog. It lives in India.People have seen it between 7 and 13 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in small pieces of forest and on bamboo and banana plants in gardens.

Ben Drowned

Ben Drowned (originally titled Haunted Majora's Mask Cartridge, often displayed as BEN DROWNED or BEN Drowned) is the title of an alternate reality game started in 2010 by Alex Hall. The story was originally written as a series of posts and videos by a college student plagued by a haunted copy of "The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask". After the conclusion, readers noticed changes on the protagonist's YouTube channel that launched the ARG portion of the story.

Hatim al-Tai

Hatim al-Tai (, 'Hatim of the Tayy tribe'; died 578), full name Ḥātim bin ʿAbd Allāh bin Saʿd aṭ-Ṭāʾiyy () was an Arab knight, chieftain of the Tayyi tribe of Arabia, ruler of Shammar, and poet who lived in the last half of the sixth into the beginning of the seventh century. Today he is best known for his altruism. Additionally, he is known to be a model of Arab manliness. His name "Hatim" means 'black crow' in Arabic. He appears in the "Arabian Nights", where his tomb is described.

Lipan Apache people

Lipan Apache are a band of Apache, an Indigenous people of the United States. They lived in the U.S. Southwest and Southern Plains for hundreds of years. About 500 years ago, they lived in New Mexico, Colorado, Oklahoma, Texas, and northern Mexico. They were the easternmost band of Apache in historical times.

Lipan Apache descendants today are enrolled members of the Mescalero Apache Tribe in New Mexico. Other Lipan descendants are enrolled with the Tonkawa Tribe of Indians of Oklahoma and Apache Tribe of Oklahoma, also known as the Kiowa Apache or Plains Apache. Other Lipan Apache descendants live primarily in Texas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Arizona, and northern Mexico.

The name "Lipán" comes from Spanish. It is the Spanish way of pronouncing the name "Łibaį́ Ndé" or "Lépai-Ndé" ("Light Gray People"), which they used to call themselves. The name is related to their own stories of where they came from. The earliest known written record of the Lipan Apache identified this tribe as "Ypandes". The words meanings are: "lépai," which means 'the color gray', and "ndé," which means 'the people'. Lipan thus means 'The Light Gray People'. Today, Apaches call themselves themselves as 'the people', which in their language was "Inde" or "Diné".

The Lipan Apache people were first called the "Ypandes". Captain Felipe de Rábago y Terán first wrote the term "Lipanes" in 1761. The terms "Eastern Apache" and "Texas Apache" can also include them as well as the Chiricahua and Mescalero. The Spanish wrote their names as "Achos", "Chipaines", "Conejeros", and "Rio Colorados" (or "Canadian River Apaches"). The Spanish also wrote that the Tucubante were a band of Lipan Apache.

Lipan Apache belongs to the Southern Athabaskan group of languages. It is similar to the Jicarilla Apache language. In 1981, two elders on the Mescalero Apache Reservation were fluent Lipan speakers. The Lipan Apache people now have programs to teach the language to tribal members.

The Lipan Apache came from a combination of several Eastern Apache bands. As a confederacy (group), they came together to defend themselves against the Comanche and their allies. By about 1720, the Comanche drove the Lipan Apache away from the southern Great Plains. By the early 1700s, the Lipan were made up of regional groupings/divisions, which were in turn made of several bands – the Forest Lipan division (Lower Lipan bands), the Plains Lipan division (Upper Lipan bands), and bands who lived mostly in northern Mexico (Mexican Lipan bands). 



Mexican Lipan bands


The Spanish considered these groups to be Lipan:


Confederated eastern Apache bands had a homeland that stretched from the Southern Great Plains to the Gulf of Mexico. Much of this area was in Texas. The Mescalero Apache may have drawn the pictographs at Hueco Tanks, which were made between 1500 and 1879.

Ancestors of the Lipan Apache who living along the Canadian River first met Europeans during the Expedition of Francisco Vásquez de Coronado. Coronado traveled there in 1541 and was still in the region when Diego de Vargas arrived in 1694. Historians believe the Teya Indians of the Texas Panhandle likely merged into the Lipan.

Lipan Apache got horses from the Spanish by 1608 and adopted a nomadic lifestyle. They were excellent horsemen and freely raided settlements. Throughout the 1600s, Spaniards raided Apache communities for slaves. The Acho, a branch of Lipan, fought with Taos Pueblo and Picuris Pueblo people against the Spanish in the 1620 Pueblo Revolt.

In 1684, Spanish colonists built the Mission San Francisco de los Julimes near Presidio, Texas. At the mission, there were Jumano, Julime, and neighboring tribes. These tribes taught the peyote ceremony to the Tonkawa and Lipan. They then shared it with the Comanches, Mescalero Apaches, and Plains Apaches. In the 1860s, the Spanish wrote that some Lipan Apache lived near the Gulf Coast and adopted the lifestyle of the neighboring Karankawa.

By 1700, Lipan lived across southern Texas and in Coahuila, Mexico. They still lived in agricultural settlements, where they farmed native crops such as pumpkins, corn, and beans, as well as watermelons, which were originally brought from Africa. French explorer Bénard de La Harpe found the Lipan Apache near what is now Latimer County, Oklahoma, in 1719.

Spanish records first mentioned the Lipan in 1718 when they raided Spanish settlements in San Antonio. They often raided Spanish supply trains traveling from Coahuila to San Antonio.

In 1749, two Lipan Apache chiefs and other Apache leaders signed a peace treaty with Spain in San Antonio. It was one of the earliest peace treaties signed in that city. Some Lipan Apache people lived northwest of San Antonio during the mid-1700s.

Spanish colonists built forts and missions near Lipan settlements. A mission on the San Sabá River was completed in 1757 but destroyed by the Comanche and the Wichita. That same year, the Lipan Apache fought the Hasinais, a band of Caddo people. The Lipan participated in a Spanish expedition against the Wichita and Comanche peoples in 1759. However, they were defeated in the Battle of the Twin Villages. Missions established for the Lipan at Candelaria and San Lorenzo were destroyed by the Comanche in 1767.

By 1767, all Lipan had completely left the Spanish missions. In the same year, Marquis of Rubí started a policy of killing the Lipan after a 1764 smallpox epidemic had killed many Lipans.

In the early 1800s, Lipan Apache mostly lived in south and west Texas, south of the Colorado River to the Gulf of Mexico and east to the Rio Grande. They were allied with the Tonkawa beginning in tge 1800s. To resist their enemies the Comanche and the Mexicans, the Lipan Apache allied with the Republic of Texas in the 1830s. They served as United States Army Indian Scouts to the Texas Militia during the Texas Revolution of 1835–36.

After it became a state, the State of Texas had many war debts and sold land to make money. The state left almost no land to Native Americans. Texas established the Brazos Reservation in 1854. About 2,000 members of the Caddo, Anadarko, Waco, and Tonkawa tribes lived there. Then the tribes had to move to Indian Territory by 1859.

In 1855, some Lipan Apache joined the Brazos Reservation, but most did not. Some joined the Plains Apache in Oklahoma; others joined the Mescalero in New Mexico, and others fled to Mexico.

In 1869, Mexican soldiers from Monterrey were brought to Zaragosa to kill the Lipan Apache, who were blamed for starting conflict. Chief Magoosh (Lipan, ca. 1830–1900) led his band from Texas and joined the Mescalero Apache on the Mescalero Reservation in 1870. Soldiers attacked many Lipan camps; survivors fled to the Mescaleros in New Mexico. From 1875 to 1876, United States Army soldiers undertook joint military campaigns with the Mexican Army to kill the Lipan from the state of Coahuila in northern Mexico. In 1879, a group of 17 Lipan settled near Fort Griffin, Texas, but in 1884 they were forcibly removed to Indian Territory, where they joined the Tonkawa.

In 1891, the Lipans negotiated with President of Mexico Porfirio Diaz to preserve the Lipan’s tribal land in Zaragosa. This agreement lasted about 12 years until they were displaced from Zaragosa, after resisting joining the Mexican Army.

In October 1903, 19 Lipan Apaches who fled Texas into Coahuila were taken to northwest Chihuahua and kept as prisoners of war until 1905. They were released to the Mescalero Reservation.

Today, Lipan live mostly in northern Mexico and the U.S. Southwest, in Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, and in urban and rural areas throughout North America (Mexico, United States, and Canada). Lipan Apache descendants are enrolled with the Mescalero Apache Tribe in New Mexico, Tonkawa Tribe in Oklahoma, and the Apache Tribe of Oklahoma.

There are three Lipan Apache communities in Texas whose members are descendants of Lipan Apache. These Texas Lipan communities are:

On March 18, 2009, SR 438 titled "Recognizing the Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas" was adopted in the Texas Senate, legislative session 81(R). Jointly, on the same day, HR 812 titled "Recognizing the Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas" was adopted in the Texas House of Representatives. Although not signed by the Governor or law, these resolutions expressed the views of the Senate and the House in recognizing the Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas as "the present-day incarnation of the clans, bands, and divisions historically known as the Lipan Apaches, who have lived in Texas and northern Mexico for 300 years" and commending the people of this Tribe for their contributions to the state.

In August 2014, after nine years of litigation by Robert Soto (Vice-chairman of the Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas) and other plaintiffs against the U.S. Department of Interior (DOI), the Fifth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals found that the seizure of 50 eagle feathers during a 2006 Lipan Apache pow wow violated Robert Soto's rights as a "sincere adherent to an American Indian religion" under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) of 1993. They concluded that Congress did not specifically aim to safeguard the religious rights solely of federally recognized tribe members. The Court accepted that he was "without dispute an [American] Indian" and a member of the Lipan Apache Tribe acknowledged to have "long historical roots" in Texas and who had a history of "government-to-government" relationships with the Republic of Texas, State of Texas, and the United States. The opinion discussed and was limited only to "Soto's RFRA claim based on his and his tribe's status". They remanded to the lower district court for proceedings consistent with their opinion, and the case was cabined to "Native American co-religionists" (referring to the "religious practices of real Native Americans"). The DOI and the plaintiffs settled the case on June 3, 2016. Through the settlement, the DOI granted lifetime permits to over 400 Native Americans plaintiffs who were not members of federally recognized tribes to "possess, carry, use, wear, give, loan, or exchange among other Indians, without compensation, all federally protected birds, as well as their parts or feathers" for their "Indian religious use", in accordance to "the terms set forth in the DOI's February 5, 1975 'Morton Policy'". The case was officially closed on February 17, 2017.

In 2019, State of Texas 86th Legislature, adopted concurrent resolutions, Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 61 (SCR 61) and House Concurrent Resolution No. 171 (HCR 171), that affirmed the Texas Legislature's views that the Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas was "the present-day incarnation of a proud people who have lived in Texas and northern Mexico for more than 300 years" and commended the the people of this Tribe for their contributions to the state. Each concurrent resolutions was signed by the Senate, House, and the Governor.

They are members of the National Congress of American Indians as a state-recognized tribe under courts of claims. The Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas is headquartered in McAllen, Texas.

Ethnographer James Mooney estimated that there were 500 Lipan Apache in 1690. Missionary priest Friar Diego Ximenez estimated that the Lipan Apache population was 5000 in 1762, 3000 in 1763, and 4000 in 1764. In 1778, Spanish military commanders meeting in Monclova, Coahuila, estimated the population of Lipan men to be 5000. By 1820, Mexican government official Juan Padilla estimated that there were 700 Lipans in Texas. Opler and Ray estimated that the Lipan population between 1845-1855 ranged from 500 to 1000. The 1910 census lists 28 Lipan Apache people who were enrolled in federally recognized tribes.

Below is a list of Lipan Apache chiefs. The years show when they were likely active as chiefs.






Dubna

Dubna is a small Russian city which is known for discovering many transactinides. It is known for having of the largest scientific centers.

Watch Dogs 2

Watch Dogs 2 is an action-adventure game released in 2016. It was developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It is a sequel to Watch Dogs released in 2014. The game was released for the Playstation 4, Xbox One and Windows in November 2016. It released on Amazon Luna and Google Stadia in late 2020.

Page/Endnotes Guide for Infinite Jest

This index allows the reader of the novel Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace to locate the page number where any of the book's 388 endnote numbers appear in superscript in the main body of the novel.

Pagination is the same in the hardcover edition (ISBN 978-0-316-92004-9, 1996) and the paperback, (ISBN 978-0-316-06652-5, February 1997).

Agustín de Iturbide y Green

Agustín José de Iturbide y Green (Mexico City, April 2, 1863-Washington, United States, March 3, 1925) was a Mexican nobleman, only son of Ángel de Iturbide, Mexican prince (fifth son of Agustín de Iturbide) and his American wife Alice Green He died in Washington on March 3, 1925. His remains were buried in the Church of St. John the Evangelist in Philadelphia.

Ryan Kaji

Ryan Kaji is an American child YouTuber. He is best known for making toy reviews on his YouTube channel, Ryan's World. He also plays games with his family, including his parents and sisters.

Nyctixalus

Nyctixalus is a group of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae. People call them Indonesian tree frogs in English. They live in the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java, Borneo, the Philippines, and southern Vietnam. "Nyctixalus" frogs are like "Theloderma" frogs, but they are two different genuses. Scientists call them "sister taxa." Scientists thought "Nyctixalus" was a subgenus inside "Theloderma", but they looked at the frogs more and changed their minds.

"Nyctixalus" are medium-sized frogs. The adults frogs are long from nose to rear end. Their bodies and legs have many spiny tubercles, or bumps, on them. The toes of the front feet have only a little webbed skin or no webbed skin at all. None of the frogs have a vocal sac.

There are three species in the genus:

Qutbism

Qutbism (Arabic: ٱلْقُطْبِيَّةِ, "al-Quṭbīyah") is a political philosophy that comes from the Islamic scholar and thinker Sayyid Qutb. Qutb was a leading member of an Islamist political group called the Muslim Brotherhood, which was founded in Egypt in 1928 by a different Islamic scholar, Hasan al-Banna. It is banned in Egypt and in a number of other Arab countries, such as Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates, even though these are also all Sunni-led states. 

Qutbism is a Sunni philosophy. Its main associate, the Muslim Brotherhood, has supported other Sunni Islamist groups from the beginning of its foundation, including the Syrian Opposition groups, ISIS and Hamas (until 2017).

Qutbism shares many core beliefs with other reformist Islamist philosophies, such as Wahhabism and Salafism. The main one being that for centuries, the Muslim community has not been following true Islam and must be reinvigorated by following the beliefs of the Prophet and his community. 

The most controversial and well-known aspect of Qutb's philosophy is takfirism - the belief that Muslims who do not adhere to his strict tenets of Islam are not Muslim at all; they are apostates. In sharia law, the penalty for apostasy is the death penalty. Controversially, he claimed that the entire Muslim world had become "taqfir", as they no longer practised Islam as the prophet did. Therefore, they had fallen into a state of "jahiliyah" - a word which is used to describe the time before the Qur'an was revealed to the prophet, and also translates as ignorance. 

Although, neither the Hadith or the Qur'an mention the word "taqfir", instead using the word "kufr" (unbelief) or "kafir" (unbeliever). The word "taqfir" is a political invention by the wave of Islamic reformists such as Qutb who sought to reform Islam in his own terms. It has been used to justify violence by such groups against other Muslim communities by groups such as ISIS. 

"Milestones", or "Ma'alim fi-l-Tariq" in Arabic, is Qutb's main work where he outlines his religious and political ideas.

Coldstream, North Canterbury

Coldstream is an eastern suburb of Rangiora. It is situated 30 kilometers north of Christchurch and is west of towns Woodend and Waikuku. It is surrounded by the Rangiora Golf Course and subdivisions.

Incurso

Incurso is the third and final studio album by Spawn of Possession. The album was released on March 13, 2012.

JBO

JBO is an Online Gaming and entertainment company based in Vietnam and Thailand. It was established in 2019 and focuses on e-sports.

JBO was founded in 2019 and is regulated by the Government of the Philippines. It holds the First Cagayan license. JBO's product offerings focus on e-sports for major competitions in games like League of Legends, DOTA 2, , and KOG. JBO is known for sponsorships of Chinese e-sports teams, including Keen and Casino Gaming, Killer Angels, and 5Power.

In 2019, JBO became a regional partner for Asia of Bologna Football Club. Later in the same year, major football clubs extended their partnership with JBO. In early 2023, Dimitar Berbatov, a Bulgarian footballer also renewed his ambassadorship with the company.

Don't Forget to Remember Me

"Don't Forget to Remember Me" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her debut studio album, "Some Hearts" (2005).

The music video for "Don't Forget to Remember Me" was directed by Roman White.

It premiered on CMT on March 16, 2006.

On July 27, 2006, the music video for "Don't Forget to Remember Me" took the top spot of CMT's "Top 20 Countdown", where it remained for two weeks.

Some Hearts (song)

"Some Hearts" is a 1989 song by Marshall Crenshaw and was taken from his fourth studio album "Good Evening". It was originally offered to Belinda Carlisle for her 1987 album "Heaven on Earth".

In 2005, Carrie Underwood covered "Some Hearts" and released it as the title track to her debut studio album "Some Hearts". It charted on the Adult Contemporary charts in both the United States and Canada.

Tudeh Party of Iran

The Tudeh Party of Iran (Persian: حزب توده ایران) meaning "People's Party" in Persian, is a political party with a significant historical presence in Iran. Founded in 1941, the party played a notable role in Iranian politics until the Islamic Revolution of 1979.

The Tudeh Party was closely associated with communist ideologies and gained prominence during Iran's struggle against foreign occupation in World War II. It advocated for workers' rights, social justice, and national independence.

Before the Islamic Revolution, the Tudeh Party was a prominent force in Iranian politics. It participated in elections, and its members were involved in various social and political activities. However, as tensions escalated in the late 1970s, particularly during the revolution against the monarchy, the party faced challenges.

Following the establishment of the Islamic Republic in 1979, the Tudeh Party experienced a significant setback. The new regime, led by Ayatollah Khomeini, opposed the party's communist ideals, leading to its banning. Many Tudeh Party members faced persecution, imprisonment, or exile.

Despite being banned in Iran, the Tudeh Party continued to operate in exile, primarily from European countries. Over time, the party underwent internal changes and ideological shifts. Some members moved away from strict communism, embracing more social-democratic principles.

The Tudeh Party remains active in exile, engaging with the Iranian diaspora and advocating for democratic reforms. It continues to navigate challenges and changes in Iran's political landscape.

The Tudeh Party of Iran has a complex history intertwined with the nation's political evolution. From its roots in anti-occupation struggles to its role in the pre-revolution era and subsequent challenges during the Islamic Republic, the party reflects the dynamic nature of Iranian politics. The Tudeh Party's resilience and adaptability in the face of adversity highlight its ongoing commitment to political engagement and social change.

SoftBank Group

Softbank Group Corporation is a Japanese based investment bank. It was started by Masayoshi Son. Many consider Softbank a VC(Venture capitalist) but Masa consider it as VC(Vision Capitalist).

Gascon language

Gascon (; , ) is the common Romance language used mostly in the region of Gascony, France. It is often considered a variety of Occitan, however, some authors consider it a different language.

Gascon is mostly spoken in Gascony and Béarn (Béarnese dialect) in southwestern France (in parts of the following French "departments" (or areas): Pyrénées-Atlantiques, Hautes-Pyrénées, Landes, Gers, Gironde, Lot-et-Garonne, Haute-Garonne, and Ariège) and in the Val d'Aran of Catalonia.

Aranese is a southern Gascon language spoken in Catalonia alongside Catalan and Spanish. Most people in the region speak all three languages. Spanish and Catalan tend to be different from the dialects of Gascon spoken in France. Most people who study the science of language now consider Aranese a different dialect of Occitan and Gascon. Since the 2006 adoption of the new statute of Catalonia, Aranese is now an official language along with Catalan and Spanish languages in all of Catalonia (before, this status was valid for the Aran Valley only).

Life in a Northern Town

"Life in a Northern Town" is a 1985 debut single by The Dream Academy and is the leading single from their debut studio album "The Dream Academy". It went to number 7 in the United States and Canada, number 15 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Ireland and number 4 in Australia. It pays tribute to musician Nick Drake and was used in an episode of "King of the Hill". It was covered by country band Sugarland featuring Jake Owen and Little Big Town in 2008.

7" single

12" single

Memory safety

Memory safety and memory-safe are words used in computer science that are about the state of being protected from software bugs and security problems with the software that is used. Greater care is taken to detect and check for problems with the running program and the computer's memory.

The opposite of memory-safe is memory-unsafe. 


Wasted (Carrie Underwood song)

"Wasted" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her debut studio album, "Some Hearts" (2005).

The music video for "Wasted" was directed by Roman White.

The video peaked at number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for three consecutive weeks in May 2007.

Gilles Schnepp

Gilles Schnepp (6th arrondissement of Lyon, October 16, 1958) is a French CEO. He was Chairman and CEO of Legrand Group from March 2006 to February 2018, and then chairman until 2020. In March 2021 he was appointed chairman of Danone.

He graduated from HEC Paris.

In 2007 Gilles Schnepp received the Legion of Honor from France.

In 2012 he received the title of Officer of the National Order of Merit of France.

Lianhe Zaobao

Lianhe Zaobao (联合早报; "Liánhé Zǎobào"; "Lien-ho Tsao-pao"; literally "Joint Morning Paper"), is the largest Chinese-language newspaper in Singapore. It is published by SPH Media (formerly Singapore Press Holdings).

It was formed on 16 March 1983, when "Nanyang Siang Pau" and "Sin Chew Jit Poh", two of Singapore's oldest Chinese newspapers, mergered into "Lianhe Zaobao".

The Champion (song)

"The Champion" is a 2018 song by country singer Carrie Underwood featuring Ludacris. It appears as a bonus track to her sixth studio album "Cry Pretty" and went to number 47 in the United States. It was used in the Super Bowl LII and the 2018 Winter Olympics.

Swaady Martin

Swaady Martin (born in 1978) is the chairman and CEO of "Yswara". She graduated from the TRIUM Global Executive MBA.
In 2012, Forbes considered her one of the 20 most influential young African women.

Gagauzia

Gagauzia or Gaugaz-Yeri, offically the Autonomous Territorial Unit of Gagauzia is a autonomous territorial unit of Moldova.

Muhammad Ismael

Haji Muhammad Ismael Seela (; is a Pakistani Politician, currently serving as Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from 23 February 2024. He preceded Rana Ahmad Shahryyar in 2024 Pakistani General Elections.

He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf from Constituency PP-116 Faisalabad XIX. He defeated Ahmad Shehryar, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N), receiving 67,016 votes to 52,496 votes.

Anthony Annan

Anthony Gildas Kofi Annan (born 21 July 1986) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Hearts of Oak


Stabæk

Rosenborg

Schalke 04

HJK Helsinki
Ghana
Individual


Tamás Sulyok

Tamás Sulyok (born 24 March 1956) is a Hungarian lawyer and the President of Hungary since 2024. He was the president of the Constitutional Court from 2016 until 2024.

Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu

Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu (born 2 December 1990), known mononymously as Badu ( ), is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder. He has earned 78 caps for the Ghana national team. Midfielder capable of playing multiple roles, but performs best playing centrally in front of the defence. Competitiveness, physicality and resistance are his predominant characteristics, with which he masks less than excellent technical skills. He is gifted with great explosive strength and speed with the ball at his feet, although his ball control is not excellent. He is the typical midfielder capable of providing a lot of substance but little quality to the maneuver. He is considered to be one of the best Ghanaian midfielders of his generation.

Badu played domestically for Berlin, Berekum Arsenal and Asante Kotoko. On April 16, 2009, Spanish side Recreativo Huelva took him over on loan from Berekum Arsenal. He returned to Ghana in September 2009. In November 2009, BBC and Sky Sports announced that Udinese would sign the Ghanaian in the upcoming January transfer window. On January 28, 2010, Udinese confirmed the news. On February 12, 2010, he was on the bench against AC Milan. On March 28, 2010, Badu made his debut for Udinese in a league match against ACF Fiorentina. During the 2011-2012 season he forced a place in the starting team as a replacement for Gökhan Inler who left for Napoli. Together with compatriot Kwadwo Asamoah, he formed a central midfield duo for the defense. During the 2013/14 season, Badu – as a defensive midfielder – scored five goals in Serie A. In August 2017 he joined Turkish Süper Lig club Bursaspor on loan for the 2017–18 season. He was injured whilst on loan, and returned to first-team action with Udinese in March 2019, after 11 months out.On 13 July 2019, Badu signed to Hellas Verona on loan with an obligation to buy. He was hospitalised in August with blood clots on his lungs, but was cleared to play in December 2019. He featured in 10 matches on loan at the club.

After the 2019–20 season Hellas Verona activated their obligation to sign him on a two-year deal from Udinese after playing for the Udine-based club for 10 years and playing in 193 matches in all competitions, scoring 10 times and making 11 assists. He was not included in Verona's 2020–21 Serie A squad. On 2 January 2021, he announced that he terminated his Verona contract and retired from playing. In July 2022, 13 years after playing in the Ghana Premier League, Badu made a return to the league and signed for Nungua-based club Accra Great Olympics as a free agent. He signed a one-year deal with the club ahead of the 2022–23 season. He made his debut on 17 August 2022 against Bechem United, in a 5–4 penalties loss after a goalless draw in regulation time in the 2022 GHALCA G6.

He played in all matches as the Olympics went on to win the GHALCA G6 at the end of the tournament after defeating Bechem United by 2–0 in the final. On 9 September 2022, a day to the commencement of the league, he was officially unveiled by the club. After a remarkable five-month tenure, during which he participated in 11 league games and earned the prestigious Man of the Match award twice, he bid farewell to the Olympics.
On May 22, 2008, Agyemang Badu was selected for the training list of the Ghana national football team for the first time. He played in the match between Ghana and Lesotho on June 8, 2008, making his adult national team debut. Agyemang Badu subsequently participated in the 2010, 2012 and 2013 African Cup of Nations. His goal against Guinea in the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations group stage was selected as a candidate for the 2012 FIFA Puskas Award. He scored a goal against DR Congo during the AFCON 2013.
Asante Kotoko
Great Olympics


Ghana U-20

Ghana 

Urban rail transport in India

Urban rail transport is a type of rail transport in India which has trains run in a city or urban area. There are four types of urban rail transport systems in India, for example rapid transit (metro), commuter rail (suburban rail), monorail and tram.

From a report of 2021, 2.63 billion people use metro systems of India every year. Sixteen large cities in India use metro systems. The report places the country as one of the busiest rapid transit systems in the world if we take the number of passengers using the system. The metro systems in India are long and it is the third longest active metro system in the world.

The Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs is a ministry of the Government of India. Its Urban Transport wing works on the stuff about urban transport systems. This includes metro rail programmes. The ministry follows the provisions of the National Urban Transport Policy, 2006.

The Delhi–Meerut Regional Rapid Transit System is the fastest urban rail transport system in India. It can run as fast as . The Meerut Metro is the fastest metro system in India. It can run as fast as .

Commuter rail or suburban rail is the first type of urban rail transport system. It was first built in Mumbai on 16 April 1853. Its first passenger train ran from Bori Bunder (now Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus) to Thane. The distance between the two rail stations is . The passenger train ran over the distance in an hour and 15 minutes. This is Asia's first commuter rail system.

Four large cities in India stated tram systems at the end of the 20th century, for example Chennai, Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai. The trams helped people travel in large cities. Kolkata started its tram system in 1873 and the trams were pulled by horses. Chennai started its tram system in 1895 and the trams were run by electricity. After that, Mumbai, Kanpur and Delhi started their tram systems. Most cities stopped running trams between 1933 and 1964, but Kolkata never stopped running trams. Kolkata is the only city in India that still runs trams. The trams of Kolkata run on streets as heritage.

Walter Ewing Crum set up a committee in September 1919 when a session of the Imperial Legislative Council in Shimla was running. The committee gave an advice to build a metro rail line for Kolkata. The Government of West Bengal planned a metro system in 1949–1950 and French experts did a survey. But no one built a metro rail in India till 1972. The authority laid the foundation stone of India's first metro system in Kolkata in 1972. The system became active on 24 October 1984. The Kolkata Metro was long with five stations.

A study on traffic and travel characteristics of Delhi was done in 1969. Many people put up plans on building a metro system in Delhi at the time. Buses were the main type of public transport in Delhi but they quickly ran out of capacity. The traffic of Delhi was also going up. People considered the ideas of an urban transport system as the need for the city. The authority made a plan in 1984. Three corridors under the ground and changes in the suburban rail system were parts of the plan. The authority started building the Delhi Metro on 1 October 1998. Its first metro line became active on 24 December 2002. As of 2021, the total length of the Delhi Metro is . It is the longest and the busiest metro system in India. Other Indian cities think of the Delhi Metro as a .

Chennai Mass Rapid Transit System became active on 1 November 1995. It is the first elevated railway line in India. It is also the longest elevated rail line of the country. Its length is .

The political capital of India is in Delhi. The city had a success for making new metro lines. Mumbai is the country's financial capital. Suburban rail was the main type of transport in the city. The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) said that the bus services in Mumbai ran through the city's narrow and crowded areas (areas with many people). The buses moved slowly and jammed in traffic. This is why the authority thought an urban transport system was needed. Mumbai had a plan of a metro system. The suburban rail connected main parts of the city. So the authority made up a plan to build a monorail in Mumbai. The Mumbai Monorail was opened on 2 February 2014. It is India's first monorail system.

Many large cities in India made up plans to build a monorail as a solution to the urban transport. But the Mumbai Monorail had shown its own problems quickly, for example low number of passengers, low efficiency to keep the tracks good and train slowing down at the switches. The monorail tracks were elevated (built above the ground). They had their own set of trains and depot (place where trains are kept). Many people were talking about the cost of making and running monorails. Almost all monorails around the world are used in amusement parks and similar theme parks. They were not used much as a solution to the urban transport. People thought that a light rail system had more efficiency, lower cost and larger capacity than a monorail. This is why many Indian cities made plans of a metro rail or a light rail system in place of a monorail.


Cool Math Games

Cool Math Games (Sometimes written as Coolmath Games) is an online web portal that has many HTML and Flash website browser games made for children and young adults. Cool Math Games is owned by Coolmath LLC and first went online in 1997 with the slogan: "Where logic & thinking meets fun & games.". The website has a policy that it will only have games that the people working for Coolmath Games believe are non-violent and educational. They are partnered with coolmath.com and coolmath4kids.com.

In November 2019, "Popular Mechanics" said Cool Math Games as one of its "50 most important websites" since the internet was created.

In September 2022, Coolmath Coding was made to teach kids how to code in Roblox and Minecraft.

Rumors began spreading in mid-2019 that Cool Math Games was going to shut down in 2020 due to Adobe Flash Player no longer being used. These rumors caused a petition to be created on Change.org to stop the website from shutting down and it got about 100,000 signatures. However, Cool Math Games said that the website would not be shutting down and they would be getting new HTML5 games and making old Flash games become HTML5 after Adobe Flash reached its end-of-life in 2020. The website started to use emulaters like Ruffle to keep using and playing old flash games.

During the COVID-19 pandemic, Cool Math Games became more popular, being played by students while in lockdown and self-isolating. Cool Math Games' Alexa ranking went up a lot because of this.

Coolmath Games has been received very well. "The Daily Dot" called the website's games "impressive" in a report of the best games on the site.

Short Mat Players Tour

The Short Mat Players Tour (SMPT) is a short mat bowls organisation. It runs events through Europe. The tour was the first set of events to create a world ranking for short mat bowls. Events are Round-robin tournament with later knockout rounds. They mostly play 4-wood singles events. But, they also run pairs, fours, double-rink and two-wood singles competitions.

The Short Mat Players Tour was first created in 2011. It was created by Craig Burgess and Simon Pridham. They have run events throughout Europe. The first event was played in Guilford in 2011 won by Johnathan Payne.


Osbern Fitz Osbern

Osbern FitzOsbern was a bishop in Exeter that for many years worked towards the continual development that would shock the world. The atomic bomb. His descendant (great x10000 grandson) Oppenheimer later continued his work and finished the biggest weapon of mass destruction until a bigger one came along. He also did a few sermons here and there. Overall, a very poggers chap.

Polypedates mutus

The northern tree frog, Burmese whipping frog, vacal sacless tree frog, Smith's striped tree frog, or upland tree frog ("Polypedates mutus") is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar, China, Laos, and India. People have seen it between 500 and 1100 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in and near forests. The female frog lays eggs in water that does not move: rice paddies, marshes, and ponds.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it.

Intimidator 305

Intimidator 305 is a roller coaster at Kings Dominion. It opened in 2010. It is 305 feet tall and gets as fast as 90 miles per hour. The roller coaster is themed to NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt.

https://www.kingsdominion.com/rides-experiences/intimidator-305

Patriot (Spanish American Revolution)

The term "patriot" is used to refer to supporters of Spanish American independence and of their governments that emerged during the revolutions between 1808 and 1825. 

After three centuries of colonial rule, independence came rather suddenly to most of Spanish and Portuguese America. Between 1808 and 1826 all of Latin America except the Spanish colonies of Cuba and Puerto Rico slipped out of the hands of the Iberian powers who had ruled the region since the conquest. The rapidity and timing of that dramatic change were the result of a combination of long-building tensions in colonial rule and a series of external events. The movements that liberated Spanish South America arose from opposite ends of the continent. From the north came the movement led most famously by Simón Bolívar, a dynamic figure known as the Liberator. From the south proceeded another powerful force, this one directed by the more circumspect José de San Martín. After difficult conquests of their home regions, the two movements spread the cause of independence through other territories, finally meeting on the central Pacific coast. From there, troops under northern generals finally stamped out the last vestiges of loyalist resistance in Peru and Bolivia by 1826. First Republic of Venezuela was the first Patriot government and State of Upper Peru was the last Patriot government. 

2023 Chicago train crash

On November 16, 2023, a Chicago Transit Authority (CTA) passenger train crash with a railway snow removal machine north of Howard station. It injured 16 people.

At 10:39 a.m. local time (07:50 UTC) on November 16, 2023, a Yellow Line passenger train. The train had 30 passengers and 1 operator. It was approaching its terminal at Howard station at crashed with stopped snow-removal machine, carrying 6 employees. The front car of the two-car train was partially crushed and derailed. 

Of the 37 people aboard both vehicles, 16 were injured, 3 of which were in critical condition.

In a report released on December 12, 2023, it found that at the time of the incident, the snow-removal equipment had stopped north of a red signal. The passenger train operator received a stop command from the signal system when the train was traveling southbound at approximately , about behind the snow-removal equipment. The operator pressed the brakes and emergency brakes, and the train slowed down to before crashing with the snow removal machine.

Da'Vine Joy Randolph

Da'Vine Joy Randolph (; born May 21, 1986) is an American actress. She is known for her stage role as Oda Mae Brown in the Broadway production of "Ghost" (2012), for which she received a Tony Award nomination. She also plays Detective Williams in the series "Only Murders in the Building".

For her role in "The Holdovers" (2023), she won a Golden Globe Award, a BAFTA Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, and the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.

Lily Gladstone

Lily Gladstone (born August 2, 1986) is an American actress. She is known for playing Mollie Kyle in Martin Scorsese's crime drama movie "Killers of the Flower Moon" (2023). She was nominated for many awards for his role. 
She became the first Native American to win the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama and the Screen Actors Guild Award and is the first to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.

She also appeared in several independent movies such as "Certain Women" (2016) and "First Cow" (2019). She also appeared in episodes of HBO's "Room 104" (2017–2020), Showtime's "Billions" (2016–2023), and FX's "Reservation Dogs" (2021–2023).

Gladstone was born in Kalispell, Montana. She was raised on the Blackfeet Reservation in Browning, Montana and Seattle, Washington. Gladstone is of Piegan Blackfeet, Nez Perce, and European heritage. 

Gladstone always wanted to play an Ewok after watching "Return of the Jedi" at the age of five and this inspired her to become an actress. In 2008 she graduated from the University of Montana with a Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) in Acting/Directing and a Native American Studies minor.

Gladstone goes by both she and they pronouns. She said that "In most Native languages, most Indigenous languages, Blackfeet included, there are no gendered pronouns. There is no he/she, there's only they... my pronoun use is partly a way of decolonizing gender for myself."

Ludwig Göransson

Ludwig Emil Tomas Göransson (; ; born 1 September 1984) is a Swedish composer, conductor, songwriter, and record producer.

Göransson's producing work on Childish Gambino's 2018 single "This Is America" won him two Grammy Awards — for Record of the Year and Song of the Year. He has also produced for other recording artists, such as Adele, Alicia Keys, Rihanna, Chance the Rapper, Haim, Justin Timberlake, Kendrick Lamar, Travis Scott and Moses Sumney.

He has scored for the movies "Fruitvale Station", "Creed" and "Creed II", "Venom", "Tenet" and "Turning Red." 

For his work on the 2018 superhero movie "Black Panther", he won the Academy Award for Best Original Score and the Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media. His work on Christopher Nolan's epic drama "Oppenheimer" (2023) earned his first wins at the BAFTA Awards and Golden Globe Awards and he won an Academy Award.

Ryan Coogler

Ryan Kyle Coogler (born May 23, 1986) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He has been nominated for two Academy Awards, a Golden Globe Award, and a Grammy Award.

He is known for co-writing and directing "Creed" (2015), and the Marvel movie "Black Panther" (2018), which became the highest-grossing movie of all time by an African American director. Coogler also co-wrote and directed its sequel "" (2022).

Executive producer

Producer

Christine Six

Christine Six (born 18 July 1964) is an Austrian former taekwondoan. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the heavyweight event. 

At the 1986 European Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the +70 kg category.

Cheryl Kalanoc

Cheryl Kalanoc or Cheryl Kalamor (born 2 October 1958) is an American taekwondoan and referee.

She won several state and national tournaments over an eleven-year span. She was the American champion in the flyweight category from 1980 to 1984 and in the finweight category from 1985 to 1987.

At the Pan American Taekwondo Championships she won the silver medal in 1982 and 1988, and a gold medal in 1984. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the finweight event. She competed at the 1989 Taekwondo World Championship.

She was active as a referee.

Pokémon Legends: Z-A

Pokémon Legends: Z-A is an upcoming video game. It will be published by Nintendo and developed by Game Freak. The game will be released for the Nintendo Switch in 2025.

It is the second game in the "Pokémon Legends" series after "" in 2022.

The game was announced during the Pokémon Presents presentation on February 27, 2024. The game will take place in Lumiose City. The city last appeared in "Pokémon X" and "Y".

A Gentle Woman

A Gentle Woman (), also titled A Gentle Creature is a 1969 French psychological drama movie directed by Robert Bresson and was his first color movie. It was based on the 1876 short story by Fyodor Dostoevsky. It stars Dominique Sanda, Claude Ollier, Dorothée Blanck, Guy Frangin and Jeanne Lobre.


Project X (movie)

Project X is a 1987 American science fiction comedy movie directed by Jonathan Kaplan. It stars Matthew Broderick, Helen Hunt, William Sadler, Stephen Lang, Jean Smart, Robin Gammell, Jonathan Stark, Dick Miller, Jules Sylvester, Richard Cummings Jr. and Ken Lerner. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Josef Dering

Josef Dering is a German painter, sculptor, mosaicist, art educator and commercial artist. He was born in Munich, 1910 and died 1999 in Dakar. For a long time he lived in Eichenau, a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany. There he designed the village's logo. He also configured an elementary's school facade. To honour of his this school was named after him.

1918-19 Austrian football championship

The 1918-19 Austrian football championship was organized by the Lower Austrian Football Association. Only teams from Vienna and the Vienna suburbs were allowed to take part. Clubs from the federal states had no opportunity to take part in the championship. After the First World War ended in 1918, the association reintroduced relegation and promotion.

The Erste Klasse (NFV) was played with ten clubs, each of which played nine games in an autumn and spring round. SK Rapid Wien won the Austrian championship title for the fifth time. The bottom of the table, SC Wacker Wien, was able to remain in the league due to the first class being expanded to twelve clubs. 

Johann Brandweiner, Otto Fischer, Ferdinand Feigl, Ferdinand Götz, Leopold Heinz, Karl Jiszda, Otto Kramer, Julius Kaps, Karl Kurz and Ferdinand Lukesch played all championship matches for their teams.

̟* SK Admira Wien

So Small

"So Small" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her second studio album, "Carnival Ride" (2007).

The music video for "So Small" was directed by Roman White.

It premiered on CMT on September 20, 2007.

The video peaked at number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for two consecutive weeks.

Betway

Betway is an online gambling company. Founded in 2006, it offers betting and gambling products including sportsbook and online casino. Betway has offices in London, Malta, Guernsey, and Cape Town, South Africa.

Betway offers a wide range of betting options for NFL wagers, including moneylines, spreads, totals, quarter- and half-specific betting options, in-game wagers, and a decent selection of player props each Sunday during the season.

Monty Woodhouse

Christopher Montague Woodhouse, (11 May 1917 – 13 February 2001) known as "C. M. Woodhouse", was a British Conservative politician who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for "Oxford" in the county of Oxfordshire, from 1959 to 1966 and again from 1970 to 1974. He was also a visiting Fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford, from 1956 to 1964.

Woodhouse, was an expert on Greek affairs after he first got involved with resistance forces in Greece against the Germans during the Second World War, and then having served in the British Embassy.

Woodhouse also worked at the British Embassy in Tehran from 1951 to 1952 and played a central role in organizing the 1953 Iranian coup d'état that brought down the democratically elected government of Mohammad Mosaddegh. 

Montague Woodhouse, son of "Horace Woodhouse, 3rd Baron Terrington", was educated at Winchester College and later at New College, Oxford, where he achieved a double first in Classics. Enlisting in the Royal Artillery in 1939, he served throughout World War II, rising to the rank of colonel and earning the "Distinguished Service Order" and Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1944. Woodhouse's love for Greece grew during his service, particularly in his role as the Second-in-Command of the "Harling Force" in mainland Greece. 

Following World War II, Woodhouse served as Second Secretary at the British Embassy in Athens until 1946. He then returned to Britain, engaging in various industrial and academic roles. Woodhouse worked at the British Embassy in Tehran from 1951 to 1952 and played a pivotal role in organizing the 1953 Iranian coup d'état. Later, from 1955 to 1959, he served as the Director General at the Royal Institute of International Affairs.

Woodhouse, as an MI6 agent, was involved in Operation Boot in Iran in the 1950s, aiming to resist a potential Soviet attack. He entered Parliament in 1959 and served in Conservative governments, holding positions such as Parliamentary Secretary for Aviation and Under-Secretary of State for the Home Office. Woodhouse faced defeat in 1966 but returned to Parliament in 1970, ultimately losing his seat in 1974.

Married to Lady "Davidema Katharine Cynthia Mary Millicent Bulwer-Lytton", Woodhouse had three children. He succeeded to the barony in 1998 and lost his seat in the House of Lords in 1999 due to legislative changes.

C. M. Woodhouse authored several books, including "Modern Greece: A Short History," "The Philhellenes," and "The Rise and Fall of the Greek Colonels." Before his death in 2001, he completed the translation of the 10-volume "History of the European Spirit" by former Greek Prime Minister "Panayiotis Kanellopoulos".

Rana Sanaullah

Rana Sanaullah Khan ; born 1 January 1955) is a Pakistani lawyer and politician who served as the 39th Interior Minister of Pakistan. He had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from August 2018 till August 2023. He is a senior member of PML-N and the President of PML-N in Punjab province since 4 May 2019. Before getting elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan, Sanaullah had been elected to the Provincial Assembly of Punjab five times and had served in high-ranking ministries of the province.

Shah Mehmood Qureshi

Makhdoom Shah Mahmood Hussain Qureshi (Urdu: مخدوم شاہ محمود حسین قریشی; born 22 June 1956) is a Pakistani politician who served as the 29th Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2018 to 2022. He previously held the post from 2008 to 2011.

Pachycormus (fish)

"For other uses, see Pachycormus. For the species of plant, see Pachycormus discolor."

Pachycormus is an extinct genus of pachycormiform from the Toarcian (about 185–182 million years ago) of Europe. This fish had no pelvic fins.

"Pachycormus" superficially resembled a giant tuna. It was able to grow 1 m (3.5 ft) in length. It is characterized by falciform pectoral fins. The teeth are short and designed for grasping.

The caudal fin was deeply forked, just like a modern-day tuna. The body was covered with small scales equipped with ganoine.

The type species "P. macropterus" was first named as a species of "Elops" by Henri Marie Ducrotay de Blainville in 1818. However, this species was placed into "Pachycormus" by Louis Agassiz in 1833.
"Pachycormus" is the second most basal pachycormiform after "Euthynotus".

Fossils have been found in marine deposits from France, Germany, and England.


Pankaj Udhas

Pankaj Udhas (d. 2024) was an Indian ghazal and playback singer known for his works in Hindi cinema, and Indian pop. 

Family: His brothers Nirmal Udhas and Manhar Udhas are also singers.

After the singer died, India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi (said or) expressed his condolences.


Cajón

A Cajón or Box drum is a box-shaped percussion instrument from Peru. It is played by slapping the front or side faces (generally made of thin plywood) with the hands, fingers, or sometimes implements such as brushes, mallets, or sticks. Cajones are usually played in Afro-Peruvian music (specifically música criolla), but also used flamenco. The term cajón is also used for to other box drums used in Latin American music, such as the Cuban cajón de rumba and the Mexican cajón de tapeo.

Gulf of Ob

The Gulf of Ob (; also known as Bay of Ob, ) is a bay of the Arctic Ocean. It is in Northern Russia at the mouth of the Ob River. It is the world's longest estuary.

Iz*One

Iz*One (; ; stylized in all caps) was a South Korean–Japanese girl group formed in 2018 through the talent show "Produce 48" (the third season of "Produce 101"). The group was made of twelve members: Jang Won-young, Sakura Miyawaki, Jo Yu-ri, Choi Ye-na, An Yu-jin, Nako Yabuki, Kwon Eun-bi, Kang Hye-won, Hitomi Honda, Kim Chae-won, Kim Min-ju and Lee Chae-yeon. They started to make music on October 29, 2018, and they stopped on April 29, 2021.

The group's name, Iz*One (stylized in all caps), was a fan suggestion. "IZ" looks like the number 12, because the group is formed by twelve members. "One" means that they are all together in the same group. The asterisk "*" represents the twelve astrological zodiacal sign.

Their fans are called "Wiz*One" (stylized in all caps). It sounds like "We are one", but the "Wiz" is also for "Wizard", because the fans and the group will experience a "magical future" together.

Korean members are listed in Eastern name order. Japanese members are listed in Western name order with both Japanese and Korean transliterations in brackets.



Franco-Siamese War

The Franco-Siamese crisis of 1893, known in Thailand as the Incident of Rattanakosin Era 112 was a conflict between the French Third Republic and the Kingdom of Siam. Auguste Pavie, French vice consul in Luang Prabang in 1886, was the chief agent in furthering French interests in Laos. His intrigues, which took advantage of Siamese weakness in the region and periodic invasions by Vietnamese rebels from Tonkin, increased tensions between Bangkok and Paris. The conflict concluded with the Paknam Incident, in which French gunboats sailed up the Chao Phraya River to blockade Bangkok. The Siamese subsequently agreed to give the area that constitutes most of present-day Laos to France, an act that led to the significant expansion of French Indochina.

This came after the Haw wars (1865–1890), in which the Siamese attempted to pacify northern Siam and Tonkin.

Split-flap display

A split-flap display, or a flap display, is a digital electromechanical display device that shows changeable alphanumeric text, and sometimes graphics.

They are commonly used as public transport timetable in airports or railway stations.

Commonly they are called Solari boards after Italian display manufacturer Solari di Udine, or in Central European countries they are called Pragotron after the Czech manufacturer instead.

Split-flap displays were once commonly used in consumer digital clocks known as flip clocks.

Each character position or graphic position has a collection of flaps on which the characters or graphics are painted or silkscreened. These flaps are rotated to show the desired character or graphic.

Sometimes the flaps are large and display whole words, and in other installations there are several smaller flaps, each displaying a single character.

Flip-dot displays and LED display boards may be used instead of split-flap displays in most applications. Their output can be changed by reprogramming instead of replacement of physical parts but they suffer from lower readability. They also can refresh more quickly, as a split-flap display often must cycle through many states.

Advantages to these displays include:


The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority has designed the new LED replacements for its aging Solari boards at North Station and South Station to emit an electronically generated flapping noise to alert passengers to train boarding updates.
Many game shows of the 1970s used this type of display for the contestant podium scoreboards. Usually, the flip was left-to-right on a vertical axis, although up/down on a horizontal axis was not completely unknown. Early seasons of the game show "Family Feud" used a split flap display as part of the game board (subsequent seasons used more modern digital displays, and eventually simply used a large digital flat screen monitor). The game board on the Nickelodeon game show "Make the Grade" was a 7x7 split-flap display, used to display subjects and wild cards, as well as tracking contestants' progress. The television game show "Chain Reaction" on Game Show Network features computer-simulated split-flap displays to display the various words in a chain.

In Italy, split-flap displays have also been occasionally used as destination signs for transit vehicles; there was also a brief vogue for them in the United Kingdom in the mid 1980s.

The artistic appeal of the displays have been seen use in works like "Pedestrian Drama", contemporary artwork using this display technology, and art by Juan Fontanive, who has used the mechanism since 2005.

The album cover for The Enemy's album "We'll Live and Die in These Towns" is based on the Solari design seen at British railway stations.

Thunderbolts (movie)

Thunderbolts is an upcoming American superhero movie. It is expected to be released on May 2, 2025 in North America. It is based on the Marvel Comics's team Thunderbolts and it is a part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It is being directed by Jake Schreier.

The movie was announced in July 2022 and the cast members were revealed in September. Principal photography started in Trilith Studios and Atlanta Metro Studios on February 26, 2024 and will end in July. Filming was delayed because of the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike.



Emperor of Mexico

in May 19, 1822, Iturbide placed the crown upon his own head and became Agustín I, emperor of Mexico. An arbitrary and extravagant ruler, he proved unable to bring order and stability to his country, and after that In 1863 The younger brother of Emperor Francis Joseph, Maximilian archduke of Austria he accepted the offer of the Mexican throne, falsely believing that the Mexican people had voted him their king; in fact, the offer was the result of a scheme between conservative Mexicans, who wished to overturn the liberal government of President Benito Juárez, and the French emperor Napoleon lll who wanted to collect a debt from Mexico On June 19, 1867, Maximilian was executed on a hill outside Querétaro.
Antonio López de Santa Anna, called for Iturbide’s overthrow and exile. On March 19, 1823, Iturbide abdicated and went first to Italy and then to England. In 1824, however, he returned to Mexico, unaware that the congress had decreed his death. Captured on July 15, he was executed four days later.
On June 19, 1867, Maximilian was executed on a hill outside Querétaro With Maximilian's execution in 1867 by a firing squad of the restored republic, schemes and dreams of a royal head of state came to an end in Mexico.

Doctor Strange (movie)

Doctor Strange is an American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character Doctor Strange. It was produced by Kevin Feige and directed by Scott Derrickson. The movie was produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The movie is the 14th movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). It was released on November 4, 2016. 

Principal photography started in November 2015 in Nepal, England and Hong Kong, and ended in New York City in April 2016. The movie made $677.8 million around the world.


Vanderpump Villa

Vanderpump Villa is an upcoming American reality television series which is set to premiere on Hulu on April 1, 2024. Developed as the third spin-off from the Bravo reality television series "Vanderpump Rules". The series follows Lisa Vanderpump and the hand-picked staff at her luxury French villa, Château Rosabelle.

"Vanderpump Villa" was first announced by Hulu on June 8, 2023, amid the "#Scandoval" drama on the 10th season of the Bravo reality television series "Vanderpump Rules". The series serves as the third spin-off from "Vanderpump Rules". Lisa Vanderpump serves as an executive producer under her Villa Rosa production banner, with Bunim/Murray Productions and Entertainment 360 attached as the production companies.

"Vanderpump Villa" was billed a "new unscripted docu-drama" in the press release. The series follows Lisa Vanderpump and the hand-picked staff of her luxury French villa - Château Rosabelle - as they live and work together to navigate every extravagant desire of their well-to-do guests. Vanderpump's staff all hail from the United States.

The first season was filmed at Château St. Joseph in Mazerolles-du-Razès, South of France between September and October 2023.

Vanderpump teased the first season on the ABC morning television program "Good Morning America" on October 4, 2023 and again at the 32nd season finale of the dance competition television series "Dancing with the Stars" on December 5.

The full cast for the first season was announced on December 14, 2023. A teaser for the season was released on December 31 and an extended preview was released on February 5, 2024. On February 21, the premiere date was announced as April 1, 2024.

The first season is set to premiere on Hulu on April 1 and will broadcast through May 20, 2024. The original cast will consist of; Lisa Vanderpump, Stephen Alsvig, Anthony Bar, Marciano Brunette, Caroline Byl, Grace Cottrell, Priscila Ferrari, Hannah Fouch, Eric Funderwhite, Telly Hall, Emily Kovacs, Andre Mitchell, and Gabriella Sanon. The first three episodes will broadcast on April 1.


Eternals (movie)

Eternals is a 2021 American superhero movie based on Marvel Comics race Eternals. It is produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The movie is the 26th movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The movie was directed by Chloé Zhao, from a screenplay he wrote with Patrick Burleigh, Ryan Firpo, and Kaz Firpo. It stars Gemma Chan, Richard Madden, Kumail Nanjiani, Lia McHugh, Brian Tyree Henry, Lauren Ridloff, Barry Keoghan, Don Lee, Kit Harington, Salma Hayek, and Angelina Jolie.

Principal photography started in July 2019 at Pinewood Studios and on location in England and the Canary Islands, and ended in February 2020. The movie was released on November 5, 2021. It made $402.1 million around the world.


Ran Neuner

Ran Neuner is a South African entrepreneur, Chartered Financial Analyst, and TV host. He is also known as the founder and CEO of The Creative Counsel and Onchain Capital.

Ran received his Bachelor of Commerce from the University of the Witwatersrand. Later, he received his Master's degree from Singularity Group and studied International Business at Harvard Business School.

In 2001, Ran along with Gil Oved co-founded a Johannesburg-based advertising agency, The Creative Counsel. In 2015, The Creative Counsel was acquired by a French advertising and public relations company, the Publicis Groupe.

Ran has been the co-founder and CEO of a Blockchain investment fund ad advisory service, Onchain Capital, since 2017. He is also the host of CNBC Africa's cryptocurrency show, "Cryptotrader", which made its debut in 2017. In 2020, he started a media channel related to cryptocurrency and blockchain called "Crypto Banter."

During COVID-19 pandemic, Ran established a $10 million emergency fund, Runway Fund, to help companies struggling with the economic crises. Later, Ran's Runway Fund partnered with content marketing agency, MarketAcross to provide public relations and marketing services to the affected companies. 

Ran has also been associated with the Branson Mentorship Programme that identifies successful entrepreneurs to provide guidance and support to others. 

The Valley (2024 TV series)

The Valley is an upcoming American reality television series which is set to premiere on Bravo on March 19, 2024. Developed as the fourth spin-off from "Vanderpump Rules". The series follows five couples who are "taking a shot at adulting."

"The Valley" was first announced by Bravo on January 17, 2024, during the premiere party for the 11th season of "Vanderpump Rules". Lisa Vanderpump serves as an executive producer, with 32 Flavors Entertainment, Haymaker East and Evolution Media attached as the production companies.

The series is the fourth spin-off from "Vanderpump Rules"; the eighth episode in the 11th season serves as a cross-over preview to "The Valley".

The series follows five couples who are "taking a shot at adulting" and is primarily filmed in San Fernando Valley, California.

The full cast for the first season was announced and a teaser for the season was released on January 17, 2024. An extended first look was released on February 27 and the premiere date was announced as March 19, 2024.

The first season is set to premiere on Bravo on March 19 and broadcast through May 21, 2024. The original cast will consist of; Brittany Cartwright, Jax Taylor, Kristen Doute, Luke Broderick, Danny Booko, Nia Booko, Janet Caperna, Jason Caperna, Jason Lally, and Michelle Lally as main cast members, with "friends of" Jasmine Goode and Zach Wickham joining the cast.




Nyctixalus margaritifer

The Java Indonesian tree frog or pearly tree frog ("Nyctixalus margaritifer") is a frog. It lives in Java, Indonesia. People have seen it between 700 and 1200 meters above sea level. People have seen it between 50 and 1800 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that have never been cut down but people have also seen it in coffee farms. It lives in places where the tree branches come together like a roof. The female frog lays eggs in bits of water high up in the trees. The water is in holes in the trees. The tadpoles swim and grow in the water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it. Some of the places where the frog lives are protected parks.

Penalty cards

Penalty cards are shown in many sports to show that a player can no longer be in the game, has been warned, or otherwise has been punished.

Walla Walla people

Walla Walla, Walawalałáma ("People of Walula region along Walla Walla River"), sometimes called Walúulapam, are Native Americans that live in the area of Pendleton, Oregon.

Beginning in the early 1700s, the Walla Walla people raised great herds of horses, making their lifestyle much easier as they gathered seasonal plants. They also traveled across the Rocky Mountains to trade dried roots and salmon to the Plains Indians for buffalo meat and hides.

Empanada

An empanada is a type of baked or fried turnover consisting of pastry and filling, common in Spain, other Southern European countries, Latin American countries, and the Philippines. The name comes from the Spanish empanar (to bread, i.e., to coat with bread), and translates as 'breaded', that is, wrapped or coated in bread. They are made by folding dough over a filling, which may consist of meat, cheese, tomato, corn, or other ingredients, and then cooking the resulting turnover, either by baking or frying.

Ashley Graham

Ashley Graham Ervin (born October 30, 1987) is an American plus-sized model and television presenter. Graham made her debut on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue in 2016. A year later, she published her first book, A New Model: What Confidence, Beauty, and Power Really Look Like, which contributes to her advocacy in the body positivity and inclusion movement.

German Instrument of Surrender

The German Instructment of surrender, was signed on May 8th, 1945. By several officers, including Wilhelm Ketiel.

Erotica

Erotica is a type of art or writing mean to be sexually arousing and erotic. It is usually considered different from pornography because erotica is meant to have sone kind of artistic merit while pornography is only meant to be sexually pleasing.


Atomic Heart

Atomic Heart is a first-person shooter video game. It was published by VK Play in the CIS, 4Divinity in Asia, and Focus Entertainment in the rest of the World. The game was developed by Mundfish. The game was released on February 21, 2023. They released the game for the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Windows, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S.

The game takes place in a future World where robot take over a fallen Soviet Union. The player has to try and find out what happened at Facility 3826, a Soviet research facility.

The game was surrounded by controversy. People accused the game of promoting pro-Russian propaganda, as well as taking gamers data and giving it to the Russian government.

Mundfish, the developers of "Atomic Heart", denied any involvement with the Russian government and said that they do not take data from their players.

The Government of Ukraine asked players to avoid playing the game. Ukraine's Ministry of Digital Transformation also tried to have the game removed for purchasing in the country.

Composer Mick Gordon would donate his salary from the game to the Red Cross Ukraine Crisis appeal and condemned the war.

Jaysh al-Salam

Jaysh al-Salam is a subgroup in the FSA with the goal of destroying Daesh in Raqqa.
In 2016, the group joined the SDF. The group was later replaced with other groups in the SDF.

The goal of Jaysh al-Islam is democracy for the Syrian people and keep unity between the territories of Syria. The group also said that it would strictly select commanders unlike other FSA sub groups such as Jaysh al-Izza.

Al Ayam (Sudan)

Al Ayam is a Sudanese newspaper and is the oldest independently run newspaper in the country of Sudan.
The newspaper was created by Mahjoub Mohamed Salih in the year 1958. The newspaper was closed twice by the Sudanese government and became government run in 1970. The paper was republished in 1986 but was closed again from 1989 to 2000. 

In 2004 it was closed again by the government for independent reporting of the incident in Darfur.

In March of 2004, a Sudanese court ordered to close the newspaper forever but refused.

Doorway effect

The doorway effect is a unusual occurrence that happens in the brain. This effect usually happens due to short-term memory loss while going through a door. Humans tend to forget recent information once crossing a boundary and often forget what they are thinking or planning to do after entering a different room. 

Research says that this happens in both real life boundaries (ex: moving into a different room using a door) and imaginary/virtual boundaries (ex: switching desktop windows using the Alt+Tab keyboard shortcut on Windows or the Cmd+Tab keyboard shortcut on MacOS).

Charles IV

Charles IV, Was a Holy Roman emperor from 1355, Until his death in 1378. He was made king of Germany in 1346 after being elected. He also became king of Bohemia in 1346 after his dad died.

Early Life
Ansar Ghazwat-ul-Нind

Ansar Ghazwat ul-Hind is a Al-Qaeda subgroup active in Kashmir fighting for a Islamic state under Sharia in Kashmir and jihad against India. The group pledges allegiance to both the Taliban and Al-Qaeda. The group was created in 2017 by a former Hizbul Mujahideen member.

María Josepha Sophia de Iturbide

María Josepha Sophia de Iturbide was born on (29 February 1872 in Mikosdpuszta, Austria-Hungary) as the eldest of three daughters of Prince Salvador de Iturbide and Baroness Gizella Maria Terezia Mikos de Tarrõdhàza. Her father was a grandson of Emperor Agustín I of Mexico.
Carlos Felipe de Habsburgo

Carlos Felipe María Otón Lucas Marcos de Aviano Melchor de Habsburgo-Lorena y Arenberg (born 18 October 1954), or simply Archduke Carlos Felipe, is a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine. He is the first male of the former ruling house to be born in Mexico.
Operation Weserübung

On April 9th, 1940, the German army launched a invasion of Denmark, In under 6 hours, the Danish Surrendered, after this, the Germans then launched a invasion against Norway, in the same day April 9th, by June 10th, the governments would surrender to the Germans ending the Nazi invasion of denmark and Norway.
Elden Ring

Elden Ring is an action role-playing video game. It was published by FromSoftware in Japan and Bandai Namco Entertainment in the rest of the World. The game was developed by FromSoftware. Writer George R. R. Martin helped with the game. The game was released on February 25, 2022. They released the game for the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Windows, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S. It is similar to "Dark Souls", making it a soulslike game.

In the game, the player travels the open World, trying to get Great Runes, which are shards of the Elden Ring. They have to defeat bosses to find them. The player tries to work their way up to becoming the new ruler of the kingdom and the Elden Lord.

The game was very well liked by both game critics and players. Critics said that they liked how large the open world environment was and how the player could explore it.

Since February 2024, "Elden Ring" has sold over 23 million copies worldwide.

The game has also won many awards. It is the most awarded game in video game history.

Among the awards won, it has been named Game of the Year by multiple different video game publications.

Vital Signs (Rush song)

"Vital Signs" is a 1982 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It was taken from their eighth studio album "Moving Pictures" and was heavily influenced by reggae rock music by The Police. It was carried over into its next three studio albums. It went to number 41 in the United Kingdom after it was released there.

Baldur's Gate 3

Baldur's Gate 3 is an role-playing video game. It was both published and developed by Larian Studios. It is a part of the "Baldur's Gate" series and is the third main game in the series. The series itself is based on the tabletop game "Dungeons & Dragons". The game was fully released on 3 August 2023. They released the game for the Windows, PlayStation 5, macOS, and Xbox Series X/S. Before the full release of the game, there was a early access version released on 6 October 2020.

The game is set 120 years after "". The character their group get abducted by illithids, an alien species. They then infect the player and the group with a parasite. The character and the group then travel the world looking for a cure. There are many different quests paths that the player can do.

The game was very well liked by both game critics and players. Critics said that they liked the writing, creativity and high quality of the game design.

Since February 2024, "Baldur's Gate 3" has sold over 10 million copies worldwide.

The game has also won many awards. Among the awards won, it has been named Game of the Year by multiple different video game publications.

Pachycormus

Pachycormus is the scientific name for two animal genera:


"This page lists articles about distinct genera with the same name."

Bonnerichthys

Bonnerichthys is an extinct, prehistoric pachycormiform in the family Pachycormidae from the Late Cretaceous of North America. It only has one species, B. gladius.

Finds were made in the Smoky Hill Member of the Niobrara Formation of Kansas (Late Coniacian-Early Campanian), and additional material was later reported from the Pierre Shale, Mooreville Chalk, Demopolis Chalk, Wenonah Formation, and Moreno Formation.

It was probably related to "Rhinconichthys" and "Leedsichthys".

One of the most significant features of "Bonnerichthys" is that it was a filter feeder, living on plankton. This recognition that many large-bodied fish from the Mesozoic in the Pachycormidae were filter feeders shows that this niche was filled for at least 100 million years.


Euthynotus

Euthynotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Toarcian. It is the most basal pachycormiform. The second most basal is "Pachycormus". Fossil remains have been found in Europe.

"Euthynotus" had a slender body. The skull was quite long and narrow, with a slightly pointed snout. The dorsal fin was small and placed far away.

"Euthynotus" has two species:



"Euthynotus incognitus" is a species of "Euthynotus". It is very much well-known.

"Euthynotus intermedius" is another species of "Euthynotus". Unlike the other species, it's not well-known.

Like many pachycormiforms, "Euthynotus" was a predatory fish. The particularly long body of this fish made it very fast. It was a carnivore.



Paul Gardiner

Paul Andrew Gardiner (1 May 1956 – 18 February 2008) was a British musician who played bass guitar with Gary Numan and Tubeway Army, as well as creating material under his own name.

Danish Taimoor

Danish Taimoor (; born 16 February 1983) is a Pakistani actor, producer, host and former fashion model. 

Beginning his acting career in 2005, Taimoor is known for his roles portraying a form of toxic masculinity in Urdu television series, especially since his antihero avatar with the 2018-2019 drama "Ab Dekh Khuda Kya Karta Hai". He has also worked in cinema.

His notable dramas include "Rehaai" (2013), "Ab Dekh Khuda Kya Karta Hai" (2018-2019), "Deewangi" (2019-2020), "Ishq Hai" (2021) and "Kaisi Teri Khudgarzi" (2022).

Taimoor was a fashion model before becoming an actor.

He began his acting career on television in 2005 with the horror drama "Mystery Series", featuring in two episodes, "Do Saal Baad" and "Dracula", which were aired on Indus Vision. He later acted in numerous television serials as well telefilms.

He made his film debut with Yasir Jaswal's thriller "Jalaibee" in 2015.

In 2016, Taimoor produced the drama "Shehrnaz", starring his wife Ayeza.

In 2018, he produced and starred in "Haara Dil".

On 8 August 2014, he married actress Ayeza Khan. 

Orthocormus

Orthocormus is an extinct, prehistoric pachycormiform. It is known from three species found in Late Jurassic fossil deposits in Bavaria, Germany.

This fish had a pointed rostrum, consisting of the rostrodermetmoid bone. It was also equipped with two large straight and sharp teeth. The rest of the jaws were armed with small conical teeth, although the others had sharp teeth at the front of the jaw.

"Orthocormus" was first described in 1930, based on fossils found in Bavaria in the Solnhofen deposit.

"Orthocormus" has three recognized species:






Lumbini sal park lumbini sal park

It is located in Nepal near the Indian border. Lumbini is a Buddhist pilgrimage site in the Kapilavastu district of Nepal, near the Indian border. It is the place where Queen Maha Mayadevi is said to have given birth to Siddhartha Gautama, who was also known as the Gautama Buddha, gave birth to the Buddhist tradition.
It was said that when the queen knew that she was going to have a baby so as per their tradition the person that was giving birth had to go near her mother so while the queen was going to her mother she saw a sal park ahd she stoped by then by amazement the little Prince Siddhartha was born there and he walked seven steps, for each step a lotues bloomed
Namibian dollar

The Namibian dollar (currency code: NAD; symbol: $ or N$) is the official currency of Namibia. The currency is abbreviated as N$, to distinguish it from other dollar-denominated currencies such as the United States Dollar (USD) and the Australian dollar (AUD). The Namibian dollar is issued and regulated by the Bank of Namibia, which is the country's central bank.

The Namibian dollar was introduced on August 15, 1993. It replaced the South African rand (ZAR) at par. Namibia, a former German colony, was administered by South Africa under a League of Nations mandate after World War I until it gained independence in 1990. Following independence, Namibia established its own central bank, the Bank of Namibia, and began issuing its own currency.

The decision to adopt a separate currency was driven by Namibia's desire to have greater control over its monetary policy and currency. The Namibian dollar is pegged to the South African rand at a 1:1 exchange rate. This arrangement provides stability to Namibia's economy, as South Africa is its largest trading partner, and the rand is widely accepted and used in Namibia alongside the Namibian dollar.

The Namibian dollar is issued in both coin and banknote form. Coins are issued in denominations of 5, 10, 50 cents, and 1, 5 dollars, while banknotes are issued in denominations of 10, 20, 50, 100, and 200 dollars.

The design of Namibian banknotes and coins often features images of Namibia's natural landscapes, wildlife, and cultural heritage. The 10-dollar banknote has images of wildlife such as the oryx, while the 200-dollar banknote has scenes of Namibia's desert landscapes.

The Namibian dollar is primarily used as a medium of exchange within Namibia for everyday transactions, including purchases of goods and services. It is also used for international trade and investment within the Southern African Development Community region, where the South African rand is widely accepted.

The stability of the Namibian dollar is tied to the performance of the South African economy, as Namibia's economy is highly dependent on trade with South Africa. Fluctuations in commodity prices, exchange rates, and global economic conditions can impact the value of the Namibian dollar relative to other currencies.

The Namibian dollar is pegged to the South African rand at a 1:1 exchange rate. This means that one Namibian dollar is equal in value to one South African rand. The pegging of the Namibian dollar to the rand provides stability and predictability to Namibia's economy, as it reduces exchange rate risk for businesses and investors operating in the country. The pegging arrangement is supported by the Currency and Exchanges Act of 1933, which allows for the use of the South African rand as legal tender in Namibia. This legal framework facilitates cross-border trade and investment between Namibia and South Africa, contributing to economic integration and development in the region.



Rich Dantona

Richard Michael Dantona (born January 20, 1977) is an Italian-American entrepreneur and business owner, known for his contributions to the real estate development industry. He is also the owner of the Florida Warriors Youth Hockey Association. He is also the founder of Academy Home Kitchen & Bath, Inc. and Academy Home Developments, Inc.

Dantona was born in Bayshore, NY to Brooklyn and Queens natives Laura Jean Murillo and Richard James Dantona. Dantona also was raised by his maternal grandmother Dolores J Murillo who passed away on July 9th, 1997. Dolores was an important part of Dantona’s youth into his teenage years and provided a stable environment for Dantona. His grandmother's passing had a profound impact on Dantona, and he credits her for instilling in him strong ethics and family values. Dantona, who also has two half-siblings, Kevin Monahan and Kelly Monahan, displayed a robust work ethic from an early age. He ventured into various fields, including sales, construction, and even dabbled in acting with roles in New York productions, such as a paid extra part in Ron Howard's "A Beautiful Mind," featuring Russell Crowe.

At the age of 15, Dantona embarked on his construction journey, contributing to the repair work of the Montauk Lighthouse in 1994. This early involvement significantly influenced his future career path. 

While living in New York in 1997, Dantona founded his construction business, Academy Mobile Enterprise, Inc. Realizing the opportunities in Florida's real estate market, he made a strategic move to Ft. Myers in January 2003. His expertise in construction served as a solid foundation for his endeavors in the Sunshine State.

In 2001, William Scotsman Mobile Offices contracted Dantona's company, Academy Mobile Enterprise, to provide and set up emergency mobile office space in Manhattan at the World Trade Center site shortly after the events of 9/11. This initiative aimed to support first responders, including Police, Fire, and Medical Personnel, in their crucial roles during the aftermath of the tragedy.

In 2012, Academy Home Kitchen & Bath, Inc. was inaugurated, introducing a kitchen and bath showroom in Cape Coral, FL. Following this, in 2013, Dantona extended his business by establishing a center in North Ft. Myers dedicated to the import, export, sales, and fabrication of granite. His dedication to achieving excellence in both construction and design garnered him several consecutive awards in various categories, including home remodeling, countertops, cabinetry, pool refinishing, screen enclosure, and more, as recognized in the Best of Cape Coral awards. 

In 2016, Dantona expanded his business portfolio by establishing Academy Home Developments, Inc., a real estate development company focused on constructing both speculative and custom homes. The Academy franchise has maintained an average annual gross revenue of $30 million. Recognized for their exceptional contributions, Dantona's companies have consistently received accolades for their positive impact on the communities of Cape Coral, Fort Myers, and Naples.

In 2019, Dantona took a philanthropic step by establishing the Florida Warriors Youth Hockey Association. Operating from the Ft. Myers Skatium, the program comprises teams spanning from U6 to U16. Additionally, there is an all-girls team called the Lady Warriors, encompassing ages 13-17. These teams actively engage in private tournaments nationwide and league games within Florida. Demonstrating his commitment to youth sports, Dantona aspires to secure a state championship title in the U12 division for the team in its inaugural year. 

The Florida Warriors are highly involved in charitable endeavors as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. They actively contribute back to the community by making donations to the organization. Additionally, they seek benefactors to provide support, ensuring that every player has the opportunity to experience and enjoy the sport of ice hockey, emphasizing inclusivity and accessibility.

Secret Invasion (TV series)

Secret Invasion is an American television miniseries created by Kyle Bradstreet for the streaming service Disney+. It is based on the Marvel Comics storyline of the same name and is the ninth television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) produced by Marvel Studios, sharing continuity with the movies of the franchise.

The series started on June 21, 2023 and ended on July 26, 2023, after six episodes. It is the first series of of the MCU.


Yahya Ekhou

Yahya Ekhou (born 1990).

He is author and the Founder and Executive Director of Liberals Mauritania, an organization that promotes Defends the rights of minorities

Ekhou was raised in a religious Muslim family, who were part of one of the tribes with great influence in Mauritania. He now identifies as author and Human Rights Defender.

In 2018, because of his writings and activities, a Fatwa was issued against him and his citizenship was revoked as a form of punishment, forcing him to flee. He escape to Germany.

In 2014, Ekhou founded Liberals Mauritania, a group which aims to defend the rights of minorities, secularize the state, and combat extremist laws that violate human dignity.

In 2016, Ekhou earned a Bachelor's in Law from the Faculty of Law at Cairo University.

Since 2022, Yahya Ekhou has served as a board member for the German organization 
In 2022, released "Freie Menschen kann man nicht zähmen" ('Free people cannot be tamed'), a German-language autobiography authored by Yahya Ekhou. 


Dune: Part Two

Dune: Part Two is an epic science fiction movie from 2024, directed by Denis Villeneuve. It is the second of two movies based off of the 1965 book "Dune" by Frank Herbert, after "Dune" (2021). Timothée Chalamet, Rebecca Ferguson, Josh Brolin, Stellan Skarsgård, Dave Bautista, Zendaya, Charlotte Rampling, and Javier Bardem return from the first film, with Austin Butler, Florence Pugh, Christopher Walken, and Léa Seydoux playing new roles. 

"Dune: Part Two" was released in movie theatres in the United States on March 1, 2024, by Warner Bros. Pictures. It had positive reviews from critics and viewers.

The main characters of the movie

Analysis: The story is inspired by Lawrence of Arabia. [Parts of] the Dune movie's story is about fanatacism within religion, and combat regarding natural resources.


Madame Web (movie)

Madame Web is a 2024 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Columbia Pictures and Di Bonaventura Pictures in association with Marvel and TSG Entertainment. Distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing, it is the fourth movie in Sony's Spider-Man Universe (SSU). Directed by S. J. Clarkson from a screenplay Clarkson, Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless, it stars Dakota Johnson, Sydney Sweeney, Isabela Merced, Celeste O'Connor, Tahar Rahim, Mike Epps, Emma Roberts, and Adam Scott.

The movie was released on February 14, 2024. It got negative reviews from critics and regural viewers.


Evelyn Baring, 1st Earl of Cromer

Evelyn Baring was also known as Lord Cromer. He was the British High Commissioner who served in Egypt from 1883-1907. He was in charge of extending British influence in the Middle Eastern area and making the British position in the Suez Canal zone stronger.

Lord Cromer opposed any type of Egyptian nationalism. 

Brittany Cartwright

Brittany Nicole Cartwright Cauchi (born January 25, 1989) is an American television personality. She is best known as a former main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "Vanderpump Rules" and as a main cast member on the spin-offs, "" and "The Valley".

Brittany Nicole Cartwright was born in Clark County, Kentucky on January 25, 1989, as the youngest of three children to Donald Cecil "Don" Cartwright (born 19 June 1958) and his first wife, Sherri Leigh Cartwright (née Turner; born 28 March 1963). She has an elder brother and sister. Her parents divorced in 1991. She also has two younger half-brothers from her father's second marriage.

Cartwright studied nursing at Eastern Kentucky University, a public university in Richmond.

Cartwright appears in the 2012 music video for ""Drinking Side of Country"" by Bucky Covington feat. Shooter Jennings.

Cartwright joined cast of the Bravo reality television series "Vanderpump Rules" as a recurring cast member for the fifth season on November 7, 2016. She made guest appearances during the fourth season in 2015. She was upgraded to the main cast from the sixth season on December 4, 2017. She was fired after the eighth season in 2020.

Cartwright appeared on the second spin-off from "Vanderpump Rules", "". The series premiered on August 23, 2017.

Cartwright launched her podcast, "When Reality Hits with Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright", on March 28, 2023.

Cartwright appeared on the Peacock reality television series "Watch With The Cast". The series premiered on April 13, 2023.

Cartwright is the co-owner of Jax's Studio City, which opened in September 2023. 

Cartwright has served as a main cast member on the fourth spin-off from "Vanderpump Rules", "The Valley" since the debut season. The series is set to premiere on March 19, 2024.

Cartwright married Jax Taylor at Kentucky Castle in Versailles, Kentucky on June 29, 2019. The couple began in a relationship in 2015 and were engaged at Neptune's Net in Malibu, California on June 7, 2018. On September 21, 2020, the couple announced that they were expecting their first child. Their son, Cruz Michael Cauchi, was born on April 12, 2021.

Cartwright and her family reside in San Fernando Valley, California.

A Dangerous Woman (movie)

A Dangerous Woman is a 1993 romantic drama movie. It was based loosely on the same-named novel by Mary McGarry Morris. It was released three weaks before Christmas in 1993.

Martha Horgan (played by Debra Winger) is a cognitively troubled woman trying to have a normal life despite being so. While working at a local dry cleaner, she is accused of stealing money in the cash register. Martha is then fired. But she believes and thinks that the thefts were done by the boyfriend of her colleague Birdie. The boyfriend's name is Getso.

Martha is later depressed and returns to the house of her Aunt Frances (played by Barbara Hershey). She then discovers a handyman named Mackey (played by Gabriel Byrne) is hired to repair the home's porch. Aunt Frances plans hosting a gala for a local politician. The porch needs repairs due to the politician's wife being very angry. The wife was angry following her husband's affair with Frances. So she drove right into the porch and damaged it on purpose.

Mackey is nice with Martha. He defends her against Getso as Getso is insulting and bullying her. Mackey smashes the windshield of Getso's van.

But then one night Mackey returns home while drunk to Martha's home, lets himself in and proceeds having sex with her while she's eager on her sofa. Mackey later performs sex on Aunt Frances (who happens being also drunk that night).

Janet Maslin for the "New York Times" liked the movie and some of the direction of the cast but found "A Dangerous Woman" more like melodrama rather than normal drama. The Rotten Tomatoes rated the movie only 47% out of fifteen reviews. For her performance Winger was nominated with a Golden Globe Award. She also won the Best Actress Award at the Tokyo International Film Festival.

List of heads of state of Costa Rica

On October 11, 1821, the province of Costa Rica proclaimed its absolute independence from Spain. On the 29th of that month, the city of Cartago, head of the Partido de Costa Rican, also signed an act declaring the absolute independence of the Spanish Government.

During this period the main divisions occurred between two sides; the imperialist who sought to annex Costa Rica to the First Mexican Empire and the Republican who sought full independence from Costa Rica. The monarchicals or monarchists also advocated the recognition of Agustín de Iturbide as emperor.

! Colspan=3|
Catherine Noble

Catherine Noble (born 23 February 1966.) is a French taekwondoiste. 

She participated in the taekwondo demonstration sport tournament at the 1992 Summer Olympics in the under 51 kg category; she won the bronze medal  .

She won a gold medal at the 1989 German Open. She trains with Breuillet club.

Trinidadians and Tobagonians

People from Trinidad and Tobago. Nikki Minaj "Super Bass".

Ghislaine Alajouanine

Ghislaine Alajouanine (born 28 July 1948 Chambon-sur-Voueize) is a French telemedicine advocate. In 2023: she was awarded the Commander of the Legion of Honor.

Ghislaine Alajouanine studied law and economics  . She has a Diplôme d'études supérieures spécialisées from the Institute of Studies and Research in Economic Sciences  .

Ghislaine Alajouanine began her career in construction as a project manager at Bâtir SA. 

In 1985, she created and managed a clinic financing company in Canada. 

She worked to facilitate access to telemedicine in developing countries, particularly through her interaction with Alain Bensoussan, president of the National Center for Space Studies .

She campaigned against medical deserts in France and encourages telemedicine.

From 2005 to 2007, she served two terms as President of the Board of Directors of the Foundation for Medical Research..

She is president of the French-speaking Academy of Health and Telemedicine; in 2008 she was president of the French High Council for Telehealth  .

Urabi revolt

Ahmed Urabi was originally from a rural village in the Nile Delta. However, he rose to become a military officer later. He was quite popular amongst the rural population in Egypt.

Carla Hinrichs

Carla Hinrichs (born 7 February 1997 Bremen ) is a German climate activist. She is a spokesperson for the Last Generation climate alliance.

As a student she was involved with Amnesty International .  After graduating from high school, she completed an internship at the Bremen Regional Court . From 2015 she studied law at the University of Bremen, and in Portugal . In the summer of 2021 she moved to Berlin .  Before the start of the 2021/22 winter semester, and law exam, she stopped studying in order to “apply law” so that “the world becomes fairer”.

She was involved in the environmental protection movement Extinction Rebellion, but in her opinion “something more was needed to increase the pressure,”  Hinrichs founded the Last Generation alliance with others in 2021 , Beginning of 2022, they organized blockades in the streets. Supported by donations,  Hinrichs became a full-time activist and a press spokesperson for the organization.  She appeared as a speaker on several television talk shows .

In March 2023, the Tiergarten district court sentenced Hinrichs to a fine of 600 euros (20 daily rates of 30 euros each) for coercion during a road blockade in Berlin in February 2022 .  After a blockade in Frankfurt in April 2022 , Hinrichs was served with a penalty order for 1,800 euros (60 daily rates ). After her objection, the main hearing took place on May 11, 2023 at the Frankfurt am Main district court . Hinrichs defended herself and received a prison sentence of two months for coercion, suspended for three years. Her appeal was rejected by the Frankfurt am Main regional court on 4 January 2024. 

On 24 May 2023, Hinrich's apartment was searched by police officers after the Munich Public Prosecutor's Office opened an investigation against her, and six other members of the Last Generation on suspicion of forming a criminal organization .

Jason Caperna

Jason Paul Caperna (born October 15, 1983) is an American attorney and television personality. He is best known as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "The Valley".

Jason Paul Caperna was born in the United States on October 15, 1983.

Caperna graduated from Boston College with his Bachelor of Arts degree in political science. He graduated from Loyola Law School, a private Catholic university in Los Angeles, California, with his Doctor of Law degree in 2009.

Caperna began his career as an attorney. He was sworn in by the California State Bar on December 12, 2009. He has been a partner with the law firm Acumen Law, LLP in Glendale, California, since November 2012.

Caperna made his television debut as a main cast member on the Bravo reality television series "The Valley". The series is set to premiere on March 19, 2023.

Caperna married Janet Elizabeth Fortener in a small ceremony on June 12, 2022. Their son was born in December 2023.

Clock tower

Clock towers are a type of building which have a big clock and have one or more clock faces on the upper walls. Many clock towers are built alone but they can also be with or be located on top of another building. Some other buildings also have clock faces on their outer walls but these buildings are used for other purposes.

Clock towers are common in many parts of the world with some being very well known. One example is the Elizabeth Tower in London (usually called "Big Ben", but this name only belongs to the bell inside the tower).

Lothair I

Lothair I (Dutch and Medieval Latin: "Lotharius"; German: "Lothar"; French: "Lothaire"; Italian: "Lotario"; 795 – 29 September 855) was the ruler of the Carolingian Empire from July 817 until his death in 29 September 855.

Wilhelm, Duke of Oldenburg

Peter Friedrich Wilhelm, Duke of Oldenburg, born 3 January 1754 at Eutin Castle in Eutin, died 2 July 1823 at Schloss Plön in Plön. Wilhelm succeeded his father, Friedrich August I, Duke of Oldenburg as the Duke of Oldenburg in 1785. Wilhelm's mother was Princess Ulrike Friederike Wilhelmine of Hesse-Kassel. 
Nyctixalus spinosus

The spiny Indonesian tree frog ("Nyctixalus spinosus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. People have seen it between 300 and 1430 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is 30 to 37 mm long from nose to rear end. It is red-brown in color with small white bumps on it and yellow and orange spots. There is some webbed skin on the feet. It has disks on its toes for climbing. The disks on the front feet are larger than the disks on the back feet. The frog's belly and sides are orange-yellow in color.

This frog lives in forests and in places near forests that humans have changed. The frog lives on the ground in the dead leaves on the ground. The female frog lays eggs in bits of water high up in the trees. The water is in holes in the trees.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it. People cut down the forests to make small farms, large palm oil farms, and to collect wood to make charcoal.

Nasutixalus

Nasutixalus is a group of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae. These frogs live in northeastern India, southeastern Tibet, and western Yunnan (China); they might also live in Nepal and Myanmar. People call them ridged-nose treefrogs in English.

The name "Nasutixalus" is from the Latin words "nasutus", for "large-nosed," and "ixalus", which is a word for tree frogs.

Scientists made the genus group "Nasutixalus" in 2016 because of the species "Nasutixalus medogensis". The species was described based on just one individual frog. Scientists did DNA studies and found that this one frog was in the family Rhacophoridae but not in any of the genuses that were already known. Sathyabhama Das Biju and team made a new genus for just one species, "Frankixalus", for "Polypedates jerdonii"; named for from the Free University of Brussels. But because the other scientists published their paper two days before Das Biju's team, all the other scientists decided to use "Nasutixalus". So "Frankixalus" is a synonym.

A one frog that scientists called "Theloderma moloch" at first was genetically distinct from other "Theloderma" and made the genus paraphyletic. Scientists studied "Theloderma moloch" more and caught more frogs. They found those frogs were more closely related to "Nasutixalus jerdonii" than to any other frogs in "Theloderma" so they renamed it "Nasutixalus medogensis".

There are three species:

"Nasutixalus" are good at hiding and hard to see, medium-sized frogs: adult males are long from nose to rear end and adult females are long. There is some webbed skin on the front feet and more on the back feet.

"Nasutixalus" live in trees in evergreen forests on mountains. Male "Nasutixalus jerdonii" and "N. yingjiangensis" call from tree holes. People have seen eggs from "N. jerdonii" have been found in water-filled tree holes. The eggs stick to the inner walls of the holes just above the surface of the water. People also saw tadpoles in the water. The tadpoles had eggs in their stomachs, so scientists think they eat eggs. Phytotelm-breeding frogs often have tadpoles that eat eggs because there is not much food in holes in trees. Scientists don't know whether the tadpoles ate eggs from their same species or not, but they think so.

Mixed Up World

"Mixed Up World" is a 2003 song by Sophie Ellis-Bextor. It is the leading single from her second studio album "Shoot from the Hip". It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom, number 11 in Scotland, number 32 in Australia, number 76 in the Netherlands, number 26 in Ireland, number 3 in Denmark and number 69 in Germany.

UK CD single

UK cassette single

European CD single

European 12-inch single

Australian CD single

The Coffin of Andy and Leyley

The Coffin of Andy and Leyley is an adventure video game. It was published by Kit9 Studio and was developed by Nemlei. The game is released in chapters, with the first chapter being released as a chapter on Itch.io on March 25, 2023. They released the game for Windows. The second chapter was released as early access on October 13, 2023. The third chapter is expected to release sometime in 2024.

The game is about a brother and sister named Andrew and Ashley Graves. They are both on the run after commiting crimes and are trying to survive in a terrifying world. There are different paths the story goes down depending on what the player does.

The game was criticised for a path in the story where Andrew and Ashley both have an Incestuous relationship and another where the two murder and eat their parents. However, the game was liked by game critics. Critics said that they liked how the creators wrote the toxic sibling relationship well. They also praised the way that topics like incest and cannibalism were handled.

The Political Compass

The Political Compass is a website, probably from Great Britain, that asks people questions to figure out if they’re Left-Authoritarian, Right-Authoritarian, Left-Libertarian or Right-Libertarian.

The Political Compass uses Left to mean supporting Socialism and Right to mean supporting Capitalism. It uses Authoritarian to mean Statist. It uses Libertarian to mean Liberal. 

The Political Compass has been criticized by a lot of political commentators. Ben Shapiro, Destiny and Steven Crowder have all said that it’s a bad test. 
Just Tell Me What You Want

Just Tell Me What You Want is a 1980 American romantic comedy movie directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Ali MacGraw, Myrna Loy, Judy Kaye, Alan King, Keenan Wynn, Joseph Maher, Peter Weller. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Pachycormus discolor

"For other uses, see Pachycormus. For the extinct pachycormiform, see Pachycormus (fish)."

Pachycormus discolor is a species of flowering plant in the family Anacardiaceae. It is commonly called the Baja elephant tree. It is endemic to the Baja California peninsula. This sarcocaulescent plant has three varieties.

The Baja elephant tree has a gnarled growth habit that can make bizarre or strange forms. The leaves are dark green and drought deciduous, yellowing first before they drop.

The genus name "Pachycormus" comes from the Greek "pachy" for "thick" and "kormos" for "trunk", referencing the plant's thick caudiciform trunk.


Wrong Way

"Wrong Way" is a 1997 song by Sublime and is the third single from their third and final studio album "Sublime". It went to number 47 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay chart and number 3 on the Billboard Alternative Airplay chart.

Lauren Weinstein (cartoonist)

Lauren Weinstein (born 1975) is an American comic book artist and illustrator. Her first comics appeared as syndicated strips in the Seattle Stranger and Gurl.com, a website aimed at teenagers.

John Salley

John Thomas Salley (born May 16, 1964) is an American former professional basketball player. He was the first player in NBA history to win championships with three franchises (since joined by Robert Horry, Danny Green, and LeBron James), as well as the first player in the NBA to win a championship in three different decades (since joined by Tim Duncan).

Trigonometric interpolation

In maths, Trigonometric interpolation is interpolation with trigonometic polynomials. Interpolation is a way of trying to find values between two known points of data. In trigonometric interpolation, the values have to be a trigonometric polynomial. 

Planet Funk

Planet Funk is an Italian electronic band. The group is composed of Marco Baroni, Domenico "GG" Calipari, Alex Neri, Dan Black and formerly Sergio Della Monica who died in February 2018. In addition a number of guest vocalists joined the group, including: Auli Kokko, Sally Doherty, Raiz, John Graham, Giuliano Sangiorgi and Alex Uhlmann.

313 (number)

313 is the number that is after 312 and 314.


Caveman

A caveman is a prehistoric human who lived a long time ago in caves.

Damian Kane

Damian Kane (born 14 December 1954 in London, England) is a British vocalist and multi-instrumentalist, who plays the keyboards, synthesizer, piano and Hammond organ. He is primarily known for his work with the new wave bands Lene Lovich, Joan Armatrading, and Cliff Richard.

Deaths in May 2000

The following is a list of notable deaths in May 2000.

Entries for each day are listed alphabetically by surname. A typical entry lists information in the following sequence:
































The Congress Dances (1955 movie)

The Congress Dances () is a 1955 Austrian historical romantic musical comedy movie directed by Franz Antel and is a remake of the 1930 movie "The Congress Dances". It stars Johanna Matz, Rudolf Prack, Hannelore Bollmann, Marte Harell, Jester Naefe, Gunther Philipp, Karl Schönböck and Oskar Sima.

Pseudoasthenocormus

Pseudoasthenocormus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the family Pachycormidae in the order Pachycormiformes with one species, P. retrodorsalis. Fossils were found in Germany. It lived during the Upper Jurassic (Kimmeridgian–Tithonian). The name comes from "Asthenocormus", and the epithet is after the Greek for rear fin. "Pseudoasthenocormus" resembled an ichthyodectiform in appearance, but it was not related to them. It was also large in size. It had a robust and compact body that was more slender than "Asthenocormus". The dorsal fin is set far back. It is much shorter than the latter.

The first fossils of this animal, found in the Solnhofen deposit, were described in 1914 by Eastman, who made the species another species of "Asthenocormus". Only in 1999 did Lambers redescribe the species. That taxon was then attributed to the new genus "Pseudoasthenocormus".


The Maddest Car in the World

The Maddest Car in the World () is a 1975 West German family comedy movie directed by Rudolf Zehetgruber (who also stars) and also starring Salvatore Borghese, Walter Giller, Walter Roderer, Evelyne Kraft, Ulrich Beiger, Peter W. Staub.

Sauropsis

Sauropsis is an extinct genus of pachycormiform. It is a rather long-lived fish, having survived for more than 30 million years. It had a tapered body and two long pectoral fins. Compared to others, such as "Pachycormus", this animal possessed a more elongated skull, a more rigid axial skeleton and narrower, more pointed fins; the tail was deeply forked.

The genus has 4 species:


Shriram Pistons &amp; Rings Limited

Shriram Pistons and Rings Limited (SPR) is a company that manufactures and sells engine components, including valves, pistons, and , primarily serving the automotive sector.

The company, with a history spanning over 50 years, was founded by Dr. Charat Ram, a former president of the industry chamber (1973-1974). Presently, Mr. Krishnakumar Srinivasan holds the position of Managing Director and CEO.

SPR offers services such as design, development, validation, and manufacturing for Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) in India. The company operates from its Tech Centre and headquarters in New Delhi.

Originally incorporated as Shama Pistons and Rings Ltd. in 1963, the company underwent a management change in 1972 under Dr. Charat Ram's leadership and was re-named Shriram Pistons & Rings Ltd. Over the years, SPR established technical collaborations with international entities such as KS KolBenschmidt GmbH, Germany, Riken Corporation, Japan, Honda Foundry Co. Ltd., Japan, and FUJI OOZX INC., Japan.

SPR achieved significant production milestones, increasing its monthly production to 2 million rings in December 2000 and 1 million engine valves in September 2005. The company received the TPM Excellence Award in 2004 and the TPM Special Award in 2007 from JIPM.

With a legacy spanning over five decades, SPR has played a vital role in the Indian automotive industry, supplying components for various vehicles, including cars, trucks, motorcycles, and .

SPR has received several awards and accolades in the automotive industry, including the Daimler India Commercial Vehicles award for Total Quality Management and the TPM Excellence Award.

This information provides an overview of Shriram Pistons and Rings Ltd for a Wikipedia article, categorizing key aspects under relevant headlines.

Franz Schediwy

Franz Schediwy (10 November 1892 - 17 January 1960) was an Austrian football player. He played as defender for SK Rapid Wien. 

Protosphyraena

Protosphyraena is an extinct genus of prehistoric marine pachycormiform that lived during the Upper Cretaceous (Coniacian-Maastrichtian). Although fossil remains have been found in both Europe and Asia, it is probably best known from the Smoky Hill Chalk of the Niobrara Formation of Kansas. It was built for speed,‭ ‬either steady cruising or sudden bursts after prey.

"Protosphyraena" shared the Cretaceous oceans with aquatic reptiles, such as mosasaurs and plesiosaurs, as well as with other prehistoric predatory fish. The name "Protosphyraena" is a combination of the Greek word "protos" ("early") plus "Sphyraena", as paleontologists thought it was an ancient barracuda. "Protosphyraena" is not related to the swordfish, but belongs to the extinct family Pachycormidae.




Vidisha

Vidisha is a city in central Madhya Pradesh, India. It is located 62.5 km northeast of the state capital, Bhopal. The name "Vidisha" is derived from the ...

Torana

Torana is a sacred or honorific gateway in Buddhist and Hindu architecture. Its typical form is a projecting cross-piece resting on two uprights or posts. It is made of wood or stone, and the cross-piece is generally of three bars placed one on the top of the other; both cross-piece and posts are usually sculpted.

Relics of Sariputra and Mahamoggallana

According to Buddhist texts, the cremated remains of the disciples were then enshrined in stupas at notable monasteries of the time, with Sariputta's remains being enshrined at Jetavana monastery and Moggallana's remains being enshrined at Veḷuvana monastery.

Stupa

At its simplest, a stupa is a dirt burial mound faced with stone. In Buddhism, the earliest stupas contained portions of the Buddha's ashes, and as a result, the stupa began to be associated with the body of the Buddha. Adding the Buddha's ashes to the mound of dirt activated it with the energy of the Buddha himself.

The Halifax Academy

The Halifax Academy is a secondary school located in Halifax, West Yorkshire. It is currently ran by headteacher Mr Perry.

Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar

Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar (; 14 March 1742 – 17 June 1797), also known by his regnal name of Agha Mohammad Shah (), played a significant role in Iranian history as the founder of the Qajar dynasty. He ruled as Shah from 1789 to 1797, leading Iran through a period marked by both centralized power and military conquests.

Originally part of the "Quwanlu" branch of the 
Qajar tribe, Agha Mohammad Khan became the king of Iran in 1789. However, his official coronation didn't take place until March 1796. His rise to power involved the deposition of "Lotf Ali Khan" from the Zand dynasty in 1794.

Notably, Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar endured a challenging personal journey, having been castrated as a young adult when captured by Adel Shah Afshar. This left him childless, and he adopted the regnal name Agha Mohammad Shah upon ascending the throne.

Agha Mohammad Khan's reign is marked by significant achievements and actions. One of his notable accomplishments was the reunification of a centralized Iran, bringing about a sense of unity. He also played a crucial role in moving the capital to Tehran, a decision that still impacts the country today.

Despite his achievements, Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar is remembered for his ruthless behavior during military campaigns, particularly in Georgia and Kerman. His cruelty and rapacious actions earned him a reputation that, while negative, also highlights his effectiveness as a military and political leader.

However, historical perspectives on Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar are not one-sided. Many view him as a pragmatic, calculating, and shrewd leader who made strategic decisions for the benefit of Iran. His reign, though relatively short-lived, left a lasting impact on the country's political landscape.

Tragically, Agha Mohammad Khan's life was cut short when he was assassinated on 17 June 1797. Following his death, his nephew, Fath-Ali Shah Qajar, succeeded him as the ruler of Iran.
In summary, Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar's legacy is complex, marked by achievements in unifying Iran and establishing Tehran as the capital, as well as criticisms for his ruthless actions during military campaigns. His reign, though relatively brief, laid the foundation for the Qajar dynasty, leaving an indelible mark on Iranian history.

List of wars in history

The wars in history shown here are wars that took place in known history. Others before the Trojan War were not prehistoric (history that is not recorded). Prehistory ended in around 1200 BC , and the Trojan War began in around 1194-1184 BC (actual dates uncertain). The list below shows the wars in history, after prehistory.

Christophe Cuvillier

Christophe Cuvillier (born 5 December 1962) is the former chairman and former CEO of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield. During his career he worked for Lancôme, L'Oréal and the Fnac.

He graduated from HEC Paris in 1984.

Workers Party of Britain

The Workers Party of Britain (WPB) is a political party in the United Kingdom, formed in December 2019 and led by George Galloway, the Member of Parliament for Rochdale since the 2024 by-election.

The Workers Party of Britain was started after the Labour Party's lost the 2019 United Kingdom general election and the resignation of Jeremy Corbyn as Leader of the Labour Party. It was formed with a commitment to "defend the achievements of the people of Great Britain." 

In March 2021, the party stood its first candidate for elected office, Paul Burrows, in the by-election for Helensburgh and Lomond South ward on Argyll and Bute Council. Burrows came last out of six, gaining 22 votes (0.9%).

In the 2021 United Kingdom local elections, the party stood more than 40 candidates for local elections in England.

In July 2023, former Labour MP Chris Williamson joined.

Chris Williamson (politician)

Christopher Williamson (born 16 September 1956) is a British politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Derby North from 2010 to 2015 and again from 2017 to 2019. He was Shadow Minister for Communities and Local Government from October 2010 to October 2013. Williamson was a local councillor in Derby, representing the Normanton ward from 1991 until 2011. He was twice leader of Derby City Council.

In February 2019, Williamson was suspended from the Labour Party for his comments about how the party's responded to criticism over its handling of allegations of antisemitism within the party. After an investigation, Williamson was reinstated in June 2019 with a formal warning. He was suspended again two days later when the party decided to review the disciplinary decision. In October 2019, Williamson won a High Court challenge to the legality of the review of the decision but similar charges had been made on 3 September 2019, involving a further suspension; the High Court ruled the Labour Party's disciplinary procedure with regard to these charges should run its course. Labour's National Executive Committee blocked Williamson from standing as a Labour candidate in the 2019 general election. He resigned from the Labour Party and stood as an Independent, losing the seat and his deposit.

In July 2023, he joined the Workers Party of Britain. He was elected one of their deputy leaders in December 2023.

Fath-Ali Shah Qajar

Fath-Ali Shah Qajar (; May 1769 – 24 October 1834) was the second Shah (king) of Qajar Iran. His rule extended from June 17, 1797, until his passing on October 24, 1834. His reign witnessed a significant event—the permanent loss of Iran's northern territories in the Caucasus, which now include Georgia, Dagestan, Azerbaijan, and Armenia. This outcome resulted from the Russo-Persian Wars of 1804–1813 and 1826–1828, along with the treaties of "Gulistan" and "Turkmenchay", leading to the expansion of the Russian Empire.

Fath-Ali Shah is remembered by Iranians for several distinctive characteristics. Firstly, he was known for his remarkably long beard. Secondly, his slender waist, likened to that of a wasp, became a notable feature. Lastly, his legacy includes his numerous descendants. 

Towards the end of his rule, Iran faced severe economic challenges, coupled with military and technological shortcomings. These difficulties brought the nation to the brink of government breakdown. After Fath-Ali Shah's death, a power struggle ensued, further hastening Iran's descent into potential disarray.

During his reign, efforts were made to glorify the monarchy through artistic representations. Many visual depictions of Fath-Ali Shah and his court were crafted to celebrate the royal authority. Notable among these are rock reliefs, reminiscent of those established during the pre-Islamic Sasanian Empire. These reliefs can be found in Ray, Fars, and Kermanshah.

The purpose behind these artistic endeavors was to portray Fath-Ali Shah as the rightful heir to the ancient Persian empire. By doing so, he aimed to connect with his fellow countrymen and leave a lasting impression on future generations. Despite the challenges and complexities of his rule, Fath-Ali Shah Qajar's legacy endures through the visual representations that sought to immortalize his reign.

"Baba Khan", better known after his coronation in 1797 as Fath Ali Shah Qajar, was born in the city of "Damghan", located in the Semnan province of Iran. As his father was suspected of engaging in political activities against the Zand dynasty, he was sent as a five-year-old hostage to Shiraz to live with his uncle, Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar, who was in exile at the time under the surveillance of Karim Khan Zand.

In 1779, after Karim Khan's death, Muhammad Khan Qajar rebelled against the Zand dynasty. During the ensuing wars, Baba Khan served under his uncle. When Agha Muhammed Khan Qajar emerged victorious and established the Qajar dynasty, he had no heir. Baba Khan was adopted by the king as his son and crown prince.

Baba Khan served as the governor of Fars when his uncle was assassinated in 1797. Subsequently, Baba Khan ascended to the throne and assumed the name Fath Ali Shah. The significant events during his reign were the two wars between Persia and Russia, where the Iranian army suffered defeats. The Gulistan Treaty and later the Turkmanchay Treaty were signed, resulting in Persia losing many of its northern territories to Russia

Initially, Fath Ali Shah Qajar appointed "Abbas Mirza", his youngest son from a noble lineage, as the crown prince. However, the crown prince died before the king, and Mohammad, the son of the crown prince, took his father's place as the crown prince. Mohammad later succeeded Fath Ali Shah Qajar, becoming the next and third king in the Qajar dynasty.

Josef Hagler

Josef Hagler (1 February 1893 - 1 August 1972) was an Austrian football player. He played as midfielder for SK Rapid Wien. In 1912 he played one match for the Austrian national football team. 
He played his only game for the Austrian national football team on 3 November 1912 versus Hungary.

Gardzienice

Gardzienice is a small village in Lublin Voivodeship. The Centre for Theatre Practices was started there in 1977 by Włodzimierz Staniewski. It does research, arts, music, and cultural investigation into the humanities.

It is supported by the Polish Ministry of Culture and National Heritage.

Ministry of Culture and National Heritage (Poland)

The Ministry of Culture and National Heritage is a ministry of the led by the Minister of Culture and National Heritage. It is responsible for national heritage preservation and . Ministry oversees state or partially state cultural institutions and implements the law regarding art and cultural property. The headquarters are located at Potocki Palace, in Warsaw. The minister has been Bartłomiej Sienkiewicz member of the Cabinet) since December 2023. 

Organizational ecology

Organizational ecology is a branch of organizational studies that draws from biology, economics, and sociology to examine how organizations emerge, evolve, and decline. 

Organizational ecology is divided into many levels like community, population, and organization. The community level involves interacting populations, the population level includes organizations engaged in similar activities, and the organization level focuses on individual organizations. When people talk about organizational ecology in research, they usually mean population ecology, which focuses on the second level, studying how groups of organizations change over time.

Before the 1970s, most research on organizations focused on how they adapt to change. But in the mid-1970s, researchers like William Evan and Eric Trist started looking at how the environment affects organizations. Trist defined population ecology as studying how groups of organizations interact and create a system. Then, in 1977, Michael T. Hannan and John H. Freeman developed a theory of population ecology, explaining how organizations compete and evolve, similar to natural selection. This approach examines how organizations start, end, and change over time. 

Organizational ecology has since become a major field in studying organizations, known for its use of big data over long periods. Some key books in this field are "The Demography of Corporations and Industries" and "Logics of Organization Theory."


Umamah bint Zainab

Umamah bint Zainab married Ali ibn Abi Talib after the death of Fatima. She was the granddaughter of the Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him from his daughter Zainab and Al as ibn Rabi'a

Diane Rehm

Diane Rehm (born Diane Aed; September 21, 1936) is an American journalist. She is the host of Diane Rehm: On My Mind podcast, produced at WAMU, which is licensed to American University in Washington, D.C.. She is the former American public radio talk show host of The Diane Rehm Show, which was distributed nationally and internationally by National Public Radio. The show was produced at WAMU.

Nyctixalus pictus

The painted Indonesian tree frog, spotted tree froglet, Sumatra Indonesian tree frog, cinnamon tree frog, cinnamon frog, spotted tree frog, white-spotted tree frog, or white-spotted brown frog ("Nyctixalus pictus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia, Vietnam, Myanmar, Brunei, Indonesia, the Philippines, and Singapore. People have seen it between 50 and 1800 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that have never been cut down and in forests that have been cut down and grew back. It does not live in places where too many trees have been cut down. The female frog lays eggs in bits of water high up in the trees. The water is in holes in the trees. People have also seen the frogs breed in buckets of water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it. Some of the places where the frog lives are protected parks.

Sometimes people catch this frog to sell as pets, but scientists do not think they do it enough to make the frog die out.

Schooner

A schooner is a sailboat with at least two masts. It has special sails, called fore-and-aft rigs on all masts. Also, the mast at the front is not the highest. Today, most schooners have three masts. The first schooner was built in 1713, in Gloucester, north of Boston.

Confession

In general, a confession is is when a person tells someone a thing that the other person usually does not know. In different contexts, the word has slightly different meanings:


Often, a confession is associated with an admission of a moral or legal wrong:
Not all confessions reveal wrongdoing, however. For example, a declaration of love is often considered positive both by the confessor and by the recipient of the confession and is a common theme in literature. 

There are several specific kinds of confessions that have significance beyond the social. A legal confession involves an admission of some wrongdoing that has a legal consequence. Confession in religion varies widely across various belief systems. It is usually part of a ritual by which the person acknowledges thoughts or actions considered sinful or morally wrong within the confines of the confessor's religion. In some religions, confession takes the form of an oral communication to another person. Socially, however, the term may refer to admissions that are neither legally nor religiously significant.

Some confessions are very notable. For example, the confession of Henry II of England to the murder of Thomas Becket.

Captain general of Central America

During Mexico's annexation of the region, Mexico and Central America had the same heads of state. Iturbide ruled as regent, and then as emperor, from January 1822 until his abdication in March 1823, after which, the three leaders of the provisional government—Bravo, Victoria, and Negrete—served as joint heads of state.


Legal confession

In law, a confession is when a person admits to being involved in a crime. In many law systems, confessions that have been provided when the person was forced, are not usable. Histoically, a common way of forcing someone to confess was with torture. 

Harald Scharff

Harald Scharff (20 February 1836-3rd January 1912) was a Danish ballet dancer and actor. The roles he became famous for was James in La Sylphide in 1856, and as Paolo in Flower Festival in Genzano, in 1858. Scharff might have had a relationship with Hans Christian Andersen.

Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny

Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny is a 2023 American adventure movie directed by James Mangold. It stars Harrison Ford, Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Antonio Banderas, John Rhys-Davies, Toby Jones, Boyd Holbrook, Ethann Isidore, Mads Mikkelsen, and Karen Allen. The movie was released on June 30, 2023. It was a box office bomb.


Khalifa

Khalifa (خليفة) is a name which means "leader" or "ruler". The title is most commonly used for a leader of a caliphate but it is also used by Islamic groups such as Daesh and theAhmadi community. The first Khalifa in the Rashidun Caliphate was Abu Bakr but many groups such as the Twelvers claim it was supposed to be Ali. This is due to the different interpretations of the word Khalifa between Sunni scholars and Shi'i scholars.

Maurice Bishop International Airport

Maurica Bishop International Airport, formerly known as Point Salines International Airport, is an international airport in St. George's, Grenada.

The airport was the starting point for the Invasion of Grenada by the United States. American paratroopers battled Grenadan soldiers and armed Cuban construction workers for several hours before securing the airport, after which American planes could land there.

Yahya Sinwar

Yahya Sinwar is a Palestinian politician who is the leader of Hamas in Gaza .

He was born in a Khan Yunis refugee camp in Gaza (ruled by Egypt at the time) in 1962 to a family who was forcibly removed from the city of Ashkelon in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. He studied at the Islamic University of Gaza and got a degree in studies of the Arabic language.
He got 4 life sentences (18 years each) in 1989 for killing 8 Israelis and their allies by Israel, where he spent 22 years in until the 2011 prison swap where he was released with approximately 1,000 other prisoners for the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit. He was elected in 2017 as Hamas' leader in Gaza and wanted to seek "peaceful resistance" against Israel. He was re-elected in 2021 and was almost killed by Israel that year.

Eduardo Gomes International Airport

Eduardo Gomes International Airport is the international airport serving Manaus, Brazil.

Marwan Issa

Marwan Issa is a member of the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades which is the military wing of the Hamas party.
He planned out the attacks by Hamas on the 7th of October 2023 alongside Mohammed Deif. He was put on a terrorist watchlist by the US in late 2019 and EU in late 2023 respectively.
He will replace Yahya Sinwar's position Hamas leader in the Gaza Strip if he dies and Mohammed Deif's position as the main leader of the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades.

Mohammed Deif

Mohammed Deif is the head of staff in the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of the Hamas movement.
He was born in 1965 in the Khan Yunis Refugee Camp inside the Gaza Strip that was set up by Israel after the 1948 Palestine War.
He joined the Hamas movement in 1987 and went by the alias Mohammed Deif, which means guest in the Arabic language, possibly referring to how he would live like a nomad to not be targeted by the government of Israel.
In 2015 and 2023 respectively, he was designated a terrorist by the EU and USA.

RSPCA Australia

RSPCA Australia (Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals) is an Australian organisation that was founded in 1981. It promotes animal welfare.

The RSPCA is partly funded by the Australian Government. It is the leading animal welfare organisation in Australia. It also has many animal shelters for pet adoption, and many animal products in Australian supermarkets are from RSPCA-approved farms.

The RSPCA in Australia is inspired by the British RSPCA, an animal welfare charity in England and Wales.

The RSPCA has branches in every state and territory of Australia:

Animals that can be adopted at RSPCA shelters include birds, cats, dogs, farm animals, ferrets, guinea pigs, rabbits and rodents. Animals like amphibians, crabs, fish and reptiles are usually sold at pet stores and are not common at RSPCA shelters.

RSPCA shelters can be found in every state and territory and in both cities and towns. There is at least one RSPCA shelter in every capital city except Hobart.

Governors of the Australian states

Each Australian state has a governor, who serves as the head of state and represents the King or Queen. Governors perform the same actions as the federal Governor-General but on the state level. The Governor of a state acts on the advice of that state's Premier and the state cabinet.

The Australian Indian Ocean Territories (Christmas Island and the Cocos (Keeling) Islands), Norfolk Island and the Northern Territory have administrators instead of governors. The Australian Capital Territory does not have a governor or an administrator.

Mihail Kogălniceanu, Constanța

Mihail Kogălniceanu is a commune in Constanța County, Romania.

The Mihail Kogălniceanu International Airport is in the commune.

Milling

Milling is a method of shaping materials by using special tools that spin and cut away excess material from a piece of work. The process involves guiding a cutting tool into the material to create a desired shape. This can be done by moving the tool in different directions and adjusting its speed and pressure.

Milling is widely used to make various parts, ranging from small components to large and heavy-duty items. It is a popular method for crafting custom parts with great precision. 
Milling can be done using different machines. Initially, there were machines called milling machines, often just referred to as mills. However, with technological advancements, we now have more advanced machines known as machining centers. These modern machines come with automatic tool changers, tool magazines, computer control, and other features.

These machines are broadly classified into two types: vertical machining centers (VMCs) and horizontal machining centers (HMCs), depending on how the cutter moves relative to the workpiece.

In the 1960s, the introduction of computer numerical control (CNC) transformed milling machines into what we now call machining centers. These centers are equipped with advanced features like automatic tool changes, computer control, and cooling systems.

Over time, the idea of combining milling with turning operations emerged. Initially, live tooling was introduced for lathes, and mills were occasionally used for turning. This led to the development of multitasking machines (MTMs). MTMs are designed to handle both milling and turning within the same workspace, making the manufacturing process more efficient.

In summary, milling is a versatile method used for shaping materials precisely. From basic milling machines to advanced machining centers and multitasking machines, the evolution of milling has played a crucial role in modern manufacturing. Whether you're crafting a small component or a heavy-duty part, milling is a go-to process for achieving accuracy and customization in production.

Burnside Project

Burnside Project is an American electropop band formed in 1999.


Soltau

Soltau is a mid-sized town in Heidekreis in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is in the middle of Lüneburg Heath. About 22,000 people live there. The town is known for its tourist attractions like the Heide-Park, the Soltau-Therme and the Soltau Toy Museum.

Today, Soltau has three primary schools, a grammar school, a middle school, a secondary modern school and a special needs school.

It has 16 districts:

Soltau is twinned with:


Charité

The Charité is a large hospital in Berlin. The medical school, University Medicine Berlin, is a joint institution with Free University of Berlin and the Humboldt University. It is Europe's largest university hospital. 

The Charité started in 1710. More than half of all German Nobel Prize winners in Physiology or Medicine, including Emil von Behring, Robert Koch and Paul Ehrlich, worked at the Charité. It is spread over four campuses. There are about 3,000 beds, 15,500 people who work there, 8,000 students, and more than 60 operating theaters. It has a turnover of two billion euros annually.

The modern history of medicine has been significantly influenced by scientists, who worked at the Charité. Rudolf Virchow was the founder of cellular pathology, while Robert Koch developed vaccines for anthrax, cholera, and tuberculosis. For his life's work Koch is seen as one of the founders of modern medicine. Paul Ehrlich discovered the first antibiotic, arsphenamine.

Cerro Maggiore

Cerro Maggiore is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Cerro Maggiore is twinned with:

Yorushika

N-buna met and formed the band with suis in 2017, who participated in one-man live. 
The band released their first EP in 2017, and released their first album in 2019 through Universal Music Japan.

In 2020, they released the theme song , and ending song for the anime film "A Whisker Away". 

In 2021, Suis provided the vocals for the ending theme to the Japanese version of the Disney film "Luca". 

In 2022, they released the theme song and for the Japanese TV drama 

In 2023, they released , the opening theme song for the first season of the anime series . 

In 2024, they released , the second opening theme song for the anime series, .



Corning, Kansas

Corning is a city in Nemaha County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 212 people lived there.

Goff, Kansas

Goff is a city in Nemaha County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 106 people lived there.

Centralia, Kansas

Centralia is a city in Nemaha County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 485 people lived there.

Chula, Missouri

Chula is a city in Livingston County, Missouri, United States.

Wheeling, Missouri

Wheeling is a city in Livingston County, Missouri, United States.

Ludlow, Missouri

Ludlow is a village in Livingston County, Missouri, United States.

Mooresville, Missouri

Mooresville is a village in Livingston County, Missouri, United States.

Utica, Missouri

Utica is a village in Livingston County, Missouri, United States.

WHYNOT

WHYNOT, or Wainao (), is a Chinese-language news magazine affiliated to Radio Free Asia, headquartered in Washington, D.C., USA.

"WHYNOT" is funded by the United States Agency for Global Media through special public funds and mainly spreads liberal values to youth groups in the Chinese-speaking world. Different from Radio Free Asia, the style and themes of "WHYNOT" are close to the needs and concerns of young people, including feminism, LGBT rights, vegetarianism, etc.

"Global Times" commented that this project was directly affected by the "Strategic Competition Act of 2021" passes by the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee in April 2021, which allocated US$1.5 billion for the "Hedge China Impact Fund".


Machining

Machining is a way to make things by removing material from a larger piece. This process is often used with metal, but it can also be done with wood, plastic, ceramic, and other materials. The goal is to create a specific shape or part. This method is called subtractive manufacturing because it involves cutting away material.

Machining is a crucial part of making metal products, but it's not limited to metals. People who specialize in machining are called machinists. They usually work in a place called a machine shop, which has tools for cutting and shaping materials.

In modern times, computers play a big role in machining. Computer Numerical Control (CNC) is a method where computers control machines like mills and lathes. This helps in making the process more efficient. CNC machines can work without constant human supervision, reducing labor costs for machine shops.

In recent years, advanced CNC machines have been developed, combining turning and milling into one process. These are known as CNC turning-milling compound centers.

The meaning of machining has changed over time. In the 18th century, a machinist was someone who built or fixed machines using manual processes like carving wood or hand-filing metal. Back then, the words "machine tool" and "to machine" didn't exist.

Around the mid-20th century, these terms were created as technology evolved. "Traditional" machining processes, like turning, milling, and drilling, became widespread. These processes use machine tools with sharp cutting tools to shape materials.

With new technologies after World War II, like electrical discharge machining and ultrasonic machining, the term "conventional machining" was used to differentiate older methods from newer ones. Today, when we say "machining," we usually mean the traditional processes. 

In recent decades, as additive manufacturing (AM), like 3D printing, became popular, the term "subtractive manufacturing" emerged. This term covers any process involving the removal of material, similar to traditional machining. The two terms are often used interchangeably.

Understanding machining is essential for anyone interested in manufacturing processes. Whether done traditionally or with modern technologies, machining plays a vital role in creating the products we use every day.

Radio Free Asia

Radio Free Asia (RFA) is a non-profit corporation that broadcasts radio programs and publishes news, information, and commentary for its audiences in Asia. It is funded by the United States government. 

The service aims to providing accurate and uncensored reporting to countries in Asia that have poor media environments and limited protections for speech freedom and press freedom.

Diana Award

The Diana Award is a special prize given to young people between the ages of 9 and 25. It is named after Diana, Princess of Wales, who believed that young people have the power to make the world a better place. This award was established in 1999 by a board chaired by former UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown. It is the longest-running award for young people based on their actions. The award is given to young people who are working hard to make a positive difference in their communities and the world. This could include things like:


It is run by The Diana Award charity, a legacy charity of Princess Diana. It is based in London, UK. Winners of the Diana Award receive a special ceremony and a chance to connect with other young people who are also making a difference. The award is handed over to winners by The Prince of Wales and the Duke of Sussex. Currently, the CEO of The Diana Award is Tessy Ojo.

Award winners include Kanchan Amatya, Georgina Lara Booth, Asafa Powell, Angelo Cardona, Siddhant Sarang and Aishwarya Sridhar.

Fifi and the Flowertots

Fifi and the Flowertots is a British animated television series. It was created by Keith Chapman. It aired from 2 May 2005 to 5 July 2010. It featured a group of flower-based characters doing their activities and adventures through the garden. Fifi Forget-Me-Not and Primrose were voiced by Jane Horrocks, while the other characters were voiced by Maria Darling, Tim Whitnall, Marc Silk and John Thomson.

Keebler Company

The Keebler Company is an American cookie and former cracker manufacturer. It was founded in 1853. It has produced many baked snacks, advertised with the Keebler Elves. The brand is now owned by Ferrero SpA. Its slogans have included "Uncommonly Good" and "a little elfin magic goes a long way".

November Revolution

The November Revolution or also called the (Aponte rebellion) was an armed conflict that broke out in Cuba in 1812 against Spain when it was governed by Napoleon. It was the second revolt against the Empire since the Conspirators Rebellion. Jose Aponte Ulabarra, a black carpenter who was part of the Havana Militia was the main leader of the conflict.

First Messenian War

The First Messenian War was a set of battles between two 
Greek city states, Sparta and Messenia. It began in 743 BC and ended in 724 BC. These two major powers fought to decide which was the better kingdom in Greece. There were three Messenian Wars. This war was the first of them. Eventually, Sparta would defeat the Messenians. After the Second Messenian War Messenia was conquered and destroyed by the Spartans. In the Third Messenian War, there was no hope of freedom left for the Peloponnese (the people who lived in Messenia before the Spartans). 

The First Messenian War began as the result of population problems. Spartans were the major threat, and greatest kingdom in Greece. The military was highly trained, and was very good at land battles. But there was one big problem. Sparta had a small population. The kingdom soon found a risky solution. Right beside Sparta, there was a kingdom that had a very large population: Messenia. It had a population of about 8000 to 10,000. So the Spartans wanted the Messenian people. For a start, the ninth king of Sparta, Almenes built a large army. 

The First Messenian War started successfully for the Spartans. The city of Ampheia in Messenia was easily taken. While the people living in the city were sleeping, the Spartan army suddenly appeared at the city walls and gates, and massacred the opposition. They took many prisoner. Most of these prisoners were sold as slaves. 

For the rest of the war, the Spartans invaded, massacred, and took captive. The Messenian army could not do much to defend its country. 

King Aristodemus of Messenia was troubled about the Spartan expansion in his lands. So he ordered guerrilla warfare to take place. Even this strategy did not stop the Spartans, and after about 20 years of fighting, Messenia gave up the the first round to the Spartans. The Second Messenian War would begin in a matter of years.

King Aristodemus of Messenia sacrificed his daughter to the god of death for a victory over the Spartans. When Aristodemus realized that he lost the First Messenian War, he deeply regreted the sacrifice. He also felt betrayed by the gods. According to legend, the king killed himself by the grave of his daughter in sadness. 

The main contribution of the First Messenian War was that Sparta successfully increased its population, and also made its influence in Ancient Greece greater.

Arch Deluxe

The Arch Deluxe was a hamburger sold by the international fast food restaurant chain McDonald's in 1996. It was marketed specifically to adults. It was soon discontinued after failing to become popular. It is considered one of the most expensive product flops of all time.

King George, Virginia

King George is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is the county seat of King George County.

Mai Ekhou

Mai Ekhou is a Mauritanian filmmaker born in Nouakchott, Mauritania 1987.

She spent her childhood and youth in Libya and Tunisia. 

Mai is a multi-talented artist working in the fields of photography and filmmaking.

She began her artistic career in photography in 2011, gaining international recognition since then, participating in various competitions and exhibitions.

Ekhou transitioned to filmmaking in 2012, working as a producer, director, writer, and editor. Since then, she has established herself as an independent director, producing notable works such as "Ishtar and Isis," "The First Box," "It's Not Over Yet," and "Gone and Never Back,"
Recognized as an Influential African Woman in Society (2017) by British Oxfam.

Elected as a member of the selection and arbitration committees at various festivals: - SFTF Film Festival - Columbia. - Hollywood Las Vegas Film Festival - United States. - Kobani International Film Festival - Syria. - Jerusalem Visual Media Festival - Jerusalem.

She got Jury Prize, Nouakchott International Film Festival (2015), Mention at the Arab International Film Festival in Gabes (2016), First place in the short film competition at the Arab Youth Creativity Festival in Cairo (2019),Third place at the African Oscar Festival in Cairo (2019), Special mention from the jury, International Film Festival in Iran (2019).

Nasutixalus medogensis

The Medog ridge-nosed tree frog ("Nasutixalus medogensis") is a frog. It lives in Tibet, in China. People have seen it 1619 meters above sea level.

This frog lives high in the trees where the branches come together like a roof.

Scientists think human beings changing wetlands could hurt this frog.

Color (typography)

In typography and typesetting, color refers to the apparent darkness or density of a region of text, considered in the context of the printed (or handwritten) page. For example, a region of text may be said to be too dark or too light, or the color may be described as inconsistent. The same concept is used in type design, wherein the designer may seek to achieve "even color"—that is, to create the optical impression of roughly uniform density or blackness within specimens of text set in that typeface.

Duke of Sussex

Duke of Sussex is a noble title given to a male member of the British Royal Family. It is considered a hereditary title, meaning it can be passed down from father to son. The title was first created in 1801 and given to Prince Augustus Frederick, Duke of Sussex, the sixth son of King George III. It is one of several royal dukedoms in the British peerage system. This title became extinct in 1843 when Prince Augustus Frederick died without any sons. The title was revived in 2018 and bestowed upon Prince Harry, the younger son of King Charles III, on the occasion of his wedding to Meghan Markle. The wife of the Duke of Sussex is called the Duchess of Sussex.

The word "Duke" is linked to Sussex way back in history. This area used to be a separate kingdom called Sussex, ruled by kings. Around the year 827, another kingdom called Wessex took over Sussex. Later, both became part of what we now know as England. Interesting fact: sometimes these early Sussex kings were called "ealdormen" or even "duces" in Latin, which can be kind of like saying "duke".

In 1801, the special title "Duke of Sussex" was given for the first time to Prince Augustus Frederick. He was the sixth son of King George III. Interestingly, he also received two other titles that same day: Baron Arklow and Earl of Inverness. But these titles all disappeared when Prince Augustus Frederick died in 1843.

Although the Prince was survived by a son and daughter by Lady Augusta Murray, their marriage (purportedly solemnized at St George's Hanover Square Church, Westminster, in 1793) had been annulled for lack of royal permission under the Royal Marriages Act 1772, rendering the children illegitimate under English law and unable to inherit titles from their father. Both children by the annulled marriage died childless, rendering the issue of their inheritance moot.

Prince Augustus married again in 1831, but this time he broke the rules (called the Royal Marriages Act) again! He married Lady Cecilia Gore in London. Because of this she didn't become a legitimate wife of Prince Augustus, Lady Cecilia couldn't join the royal family at official events. But later, in 1840, Queen Victoria gave Lady Cecilia her own special title, Duchess of Inverness.

In 2018, when Prince Harry, grandson of Queen Elizabeth, married Meghan Markle, he received a special title - Duke of Sussex! This title was brought back just for him, as the previous Duke lived a long time ago. Meghan, his wife, became the first ever Duchess of Sussex. He also got other lesser titles for different parts of the UK. A year later, they welcomed a son, Prince Archie, who inherits these titles when he grows up.

University Hospital Bonn

The University Hospital Bonn is a large teaching hospital in Bonn with more than 1306 beds. More than 8,500 people work there.

At the same time as the Prussians started the Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn in 1818, the first professors and clinics were started for internal medicine, surgery and obstetrics, among others. Because they needed more space, these clinics moved to new buildings on Theaterstraße in the area of today's Beethovenhalle during the German Empire.

After World War II, the hospital moved to a large area on the Venusberg in the middle of the Kotten Forest, and now only the Forensic Medicine Institute, the Diamorphine Outpatient Clinic, the Preclinical Institutes and the Dental Clinic remain in the city outside the Venusberg campus. Since 2001, Bonn University Hospital has been independent with its own supervisory board. It is managed by a five-member board of directors. Prof. Dr. med. Dr. h.c. mult. Wolfgang Holzgreve, MBA, has been chairman of the board since 2012.

Tessy Ojo

Tessy Ojo, also known as Theresa Ojo is a British-Nigerian charity executive. Born in March 1971, Tessy is the Chief Executive Officer of the Diana Award. In the 2020 Queen's Birthday Honours, Ojo was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for services to young people. She is also a trustee of Comic Relief and a member of the Appeals Advisory Committee of the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC). She has a bachelor's degree in biochemistry and a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree and first worked in the corporate sector before moving into charity work.

Teaching hospital

A teaching hospital is a hospital or medical centre that provides medical education and training to future and current health professionals. Teaching hospitals are almost always affiliated with one or more universities and are often co-located with medical schools.

The first teaching hospital where students were authorized to methodically practice on patients under the supervision of physicians was reportedly the Academy of Gundishapur in the Persian Empire during the Sassanid era. Some of the earliest teaching hospitals were the Islamic Bimaristans, which included the Al-Adudi Hospital founded in Baghdad in 981 and the Al-Fustat Hospital in Cairo founded in 872.

Highland Papua

Highland Papua () is a province of Indonesia. It has an area of . In 2022, 1,430,459 people lived there. The province was created on 11 November 2022 as a split from Papua. It is on the central highlands of Western New Guinea, where it is the only landlocked province in Indonesia. The capital is in Jayawijaya Regency.

Nasutixalus jerdonii

Jerdon's bubble-nest frog, Jerdon's tree frog, Jerdon's bush frog, Jerdon's ridge-nosed tree frog, or Darjeeling bubble-nest tree frog ("Nasutixalus jerdonii") is a frog. It lives in India and Myanmar. Scientists think it may live in Nepal also. People have seen it between 1336 and 1600 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in evergreen forests on hills and mountains and in forests that have been cut down and grew back. People have also seen it in bamboo plants. It does not live in places where too many trees have been cut down. The female frog lays eggs in bits of water high up in the trees. The water is in holes in the trees. The tadpoles swim in the water and eat eggs.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it. Some of the places where the frog lives are protected parks.

Mercurana

Mercurana is a group of frogs that live in trees in the family Rhacophoridae. Scientists named it for its only species Mercurana myristicapalustris, which lives in the Western Ghat Mountains in Kerala, India. The English name is for the singer Freddie Mercury, from the band Queen and the Latin name for "frog" ("Rana"). The frog is different from other frogs in that it has a lot of webbed skin on its toes, lives only in swamps, and lays its eggs on mud mixed with leaf litter.

Scientists caught the type species (holotype) of "Mercurana" was collected on May 18, 2012 in bushes near the edge of a temple compound, Arippa, near Kulathupuzha Reserve Forest. This temple is in Kollam district, Kerala, India. It was a single adult male frog. They found two more adult males on July 12, 2012. The first paper about this frog was published on April 17, 2013 in the journal "Zootaxa".

The scientists chose to name the frog Mercury because Freddie Mercury's "vibrant music was inspiring." Further, Freddie Mercury was of Indian-Parsi origin and spent much of his childhood in Panchgani, which is in the northern part of the mountain range where the frog was found. The specific name comes from the words "Myristica" (a genus of the nutmeg family of trees), and "palustris", which is Latin for "swampy," because the frog lives in swamps with "Myristica" trees.

The frog is a delicate habitat, which means that small chances can have big results.

"Mercurana" are medium-sized frogs; male adults are about 35 mm in from nose to rear end, and the female frog can be as long as 65 mm. They have a slender body which is rusty-brown in color with small black spots on the back. Females frogs are greenish-yellow in color on the back. The dorsal surface of the skin is a rough and bumpy. The belly side is gradually lightened and becomes mostly white. Some areas of the underside of the fore-and hind-limbs have patches of yellow color. The snout is rounded and sticks out. Unlike other related species, "Mercurana" has large toes on its back feet with lots of webbed skin, but there is no webbed skin on the front feet, which have large disks on them for climbing. This frog has vomerine teeth in its jaw and bumps on its tongue. These frogs have dark eyes, with oval-shaped pupils that go side to side.

"Mercurana" live in trees in swamp forests. They lay eggs before the yearly rainstorms. During the breeding season, males call females at sunset while sitting on trunks of tree saplings or on the branches of understorey plants, generally 0.25–1.5 m above the forest floor. Different advertisement call types were observed. Sometimes males fight each other for good places to sit and call. The female climbs down to the male they mate by holding on to each other with their front legs. Then they climb down to the forest floor and dig up the leaf litter to reach the soil below. The female (still in amplexus) used her pointed snout to make a shallow hole in the soil. She then turns around to position the posterior ends of the pair over the hole, and she lays her eggs. She lays about 130 eggs at a time. This takes about one hour. The eggs are clear and not colored. The female then uses her back legs to mix the eggs into the soil. Then the two adult frogs leave. About seven days later, the tadpoles come out of the eggs. The tadpole is oval and depressed with a brown body and a pale-brown to off-white tail. The body, tail, and fins have scattered dark brown spots.

"Mercurana" lives in India. The monotypic species "Mercurana myristicapalustris" has been found only in the western foothills of the Agasthyamalai Hill Range in Kerala. People have seen these frogs in swampy forest 100 to 300 m above sea level, where "Myristica" trees grow.


Leptomantis

Leptomantis, or slim treefrogs, is a group of frogs that live in southern Thailand and the Philippines. Scientists used to think the frogs in the genus "Leptomantis" were in "Rhacophorus".

These species are in the genus "Leptomantis":

Riot Act

The Riot Act (1 Geo. 1. St. 2. c. 5), sometimes called the Riot Act 1714 or the Riot Act 1715, was an act of the Parliament of Great Britain. It gave local authorities power to declare any group of 12 or more people to be unlawfully assembled and order them to disperse or be punished. The act's full title was "An Act for preventing tumults and riotous assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing the rioters". It came into force on 1 August 1715. It was repealed in England and Wales by section 10(2) and Part III of Schedule 3 of the Criminal Law Act 1967. Acts like it were part of the laws of British colonies in Australia and North America, some of which remain in force today.

The phrase "read the riot act" means a warning of consequences.

It was introduced during a time of riots in England. The preamble makes reference to "many rebellious riots and tumults [that] have been [taking place of late] in diverse parts of this kingdom", adding that those involved "presum[e] so to do, for that the punishments provided by the laws now in being are not adequate to such heinous offences".

Local officials could make an announcement ordering the dispersal of any group of twelve or more people who were "unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously assembled together". If the group failed to disperse within one hour, then anyone remaining gathered was guilty of a felony without benefit of clergy, punishable by death. This could be made in an incorporated town or city by the mayor, bailiff or "other head officer", or a justice of the peace. Elsewhere it could be made by a justice of the peace or the sheriff, undersheriff or parish constable. It had to be read out to the gathering concerned and had to follow precise wording detailed in the act; several convictions were overturned because some words had been left out, in particular "God save the King".

The wording that had to be read out to the assembled gathering was as follows:

In a number of jurisdictions, such as Britain, Canada and New Zealand, these words were put in the law itself. In New Zealand's Crimes Act 1961, section 88, repealed since 1987, was specifically given the heading of "Reading the Riot Act".

Estates-General of 1789

The Estates-General of 1789 was a gathering in France that brought together representatives from three social classes, known as estates: the clergy (First Estate), the nobility (Second Estate), and the common people (Third Estate). King Louis XVI called this meeting to address the financial and societal problems facing the country. However, the Third Estate decided to break away from the king’s authority and formed a National Assembly. This event is often seen as the beginning of the French Revolution.

Fathi Shaqaqi

Fathi Shaqaqi was the leader and founder of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. He was born in the Gaza Strip on the 4th of January 1951 to a family of refugees. 

He founded Islamic Jihad in 1981 with the goal of starting a Islamic state under sharia law in Israel and Palestine. His inspiration was based off of a mix of Khomeinism and Salafism.

Mohammad Ismail

Mohammed Ismail is a member of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party and was formerly a member of Noakhali-11.

He was elected to parliament by the Noakhali-11 unit as a Bangladesh National Party candidate in the year 1979.

Edwin Emerson Jr.

Edwin Emerson Jr. (January 23, 1869 - October 3, 1959) was a noted German-born American journalist and war correspondent. His father Edwin Emerson Sr (1823-1908) was a literature professor, poet and photographer and his mother Mary Louisa Ingham (1829-1883) was the daughter of former Secretary of the Treasury, Samuel Delucenna and Deborah (Hall) Ingham. The family has six children (Harrington, Edwin Jr., Alfred, George, Samuel, and Margaret). Born in Dresden, Germany, Emerson graduated from Harvard University in 1891. He worked as a correspondent for the "Boston Post," the "New York Evening Post," and other periodicals. During the Spanish-American War, Emerson worked as a spy in Puerto Rico and joined the Rough Riders, serving as regimental clerk to Theodore Roosevelt.

Emerson covered the Russo-Japanese War on the Russian side and was taken prisoner by Japanese forces until he was released by US authorities. In World War I, he wrote dispatches from the German side of the conflict. Emerson established the Society of American Friends of Germany in 1933, and, at one point, he met with Adolf Hitler. Emerson published several books, includinig "A History of the 19th Century" and "Adventures of Theodore Roosevelt." Edwin A. Emerson, Jr. died in San Francisco in 1959 at the age of 90 years old.

Noakhali-11

The Noakhali-11 was one of the electoral districts of the National Parliament of Bangladesh. It was a seat at the National Assembly located in Noakhali district.

Noakhali-11 was formed in 1973 but was discontinued in 1984.

John the Baptist in Islam

Yahya ibn Zakariya (John, son of Zecariah) is a prophet in Islam, who was sent to the Children of Jacob to guide them. He is mentioned 5 times in the Quran.
He is honored in Sufism due to his good character and kindness. Sufis claim that both Jesus and Yahya are similar due to both being given wisdom by God and phrases being similarly used to describe the prophets.

Various hadiths say he died without any sins and the Quran says he was blessed both on the day he was born and the day he died.

2079

2079 will be a common year that starts on a Sunday. It will be the 79th year in the 3rd millennium and 21st century. It will also be the 9th year in the 2070s.

Any computer software using unsigned 16-bit binary day counts will overflow if it has a starting date of January 1, 1900 on June 6, 2079.

Hasanids

Hasanids are the sons of Imam Hassan who is the brother of Imam Hussein and the grandson of Muhamad. They are one of the branches of the Alids (those who are the sons of Ali) and one of those most important branches of the Alids.

The Hasanids unlike their brothers at the Husaynids are against the Abbasids and launched many unsucessful attacks against them.


Giovanni Gentile

Giovanni Gentile was an Italian philosopher and politician who was Minister of Education under Benito Mussolini. Gentille helped Mussolini write his ideas about Fascism and Mussolini called Gentille the “philosopher of Fascism.”

The Oxford Handbook of German Philosophy in the 19th Century

The Fascist Movement in Italian Life and Fascist Doctrines and Institutions

Giovanni Gentile, Encyclopedia Brittanica
Nasutixalus yingjiangensis

The Yingjiang ridge-nosed tree frog or Yingjiang tree-hole frog ("Nasutixalus yingjiangensis") is a frog. It lives in Tibet, in China. People have seen it 1610 meters above sea level.

This frog lives high in the trees where the branches come together like a roof.

Scientists think this frog is in danger of dying out because it has only been found in a small place: 129 square kilometers. However, scientists think it could live in other places too, but humans have cut the trees down to get wood to build with.

Scientists think human beings changing wetlands could hurt this frog.

Ahrar-ul-Hind

Ahrar ul Hind (freedom fighters for India) was a militant group that split from the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan in 2014 due to peace talks with the government of Pakistan. Ahrar ul Hind said that they would not accept any peace talks with Pakistan and claimed responsibility for many attacks of terrorism in Pakistan. Later that year, the group merged with another militant group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar.

Amadeus Electric Quartet

Amadeus Electric Quartet is a Romanian All-female musical group that adopts the classical crossover genre. The band Amadeus consists of four musicians: Andreea Runceanu (violin), Bianca Gavrilescu (violin), Patricia Cimpoiasu (cello), and Laura Lazarescu (piano).

All-female ensemble Amadeus performed all over the world, released 6 records, and gained more than 200 Million hits on their official YouTube channel.

In 2015, Amadeus was awarded the trophy of the Most successful Romanian band internationally. In 2018, Amadeus was awarded the title of "Yamaha Music Europe Artist".

Amadeus was founded in November 2000 by composer and music producer Adrian Ordean and artistic manager Florin Ionescu, the first members being Andreea Runceanu (violin), Alexandra Chise (violin), Cristina Filotti (piano) and Gra?iela Giolu (double bass).

Amadeus started recording for the debut album, "Continental", in 2001, an album produced by Adrian Ordean. His first public appearance took place on February 10, 2001, on Home TV.

In 2002, Amadeus released their first album - "Continental". Notably, On December 1st, Amadeus performed for the Romanian soldiers at the US military base in Afghanistan.



Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen

Jaamat ul-Mujahideen (Assembly of Mujahideen) is a islamist militant group from Bangladesh. The group is designated a terror group by Malaysia, India, Bangladesh, the United Kingdom, and Australia. The group was founded in April 1998 by Abdur Rahman and gained attention when documents about the group was leaked in 2001. The group was designated a terrorist group by Bangladesh in Febuary 2005 due to attacks on charities.

Jamaat-ul-Ahrar

Jaamat ul-Ahrar (Assembly of the Freedmen) was a militant group that split away from the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan in 2014. The group got media attention after it took responsibility for the 2014 Wagah border suicide attack. In 2020, the group rejoined the TTP. The group was designated a terrorist group by Pakistan and the UN in 2017.

Hizbul Islam

Hizbul Islam (Party of Islam) was a militant group formed after other militant groups merged to rebel against President Sheikh Sharif Ahmed. The four militant groups the merged were: Jabhatul Islamiya, Muaskar Anole, Mu'askar Ras Kamboni, and Hassan Dahir Aweys. The group merged with Al-Shabaab in 2010.

Taqiyya

Taqiyya is sinning for a pious cause in some forms of Islam. Sunnis believe that Taqiyya is only done for ones own safety but Shias also believe that taqiyya can be done any time as long as it is for a pious cause. Taqiyya is commonly used by in attacks of terrorism using misinterpretations of the Qur'an and hadith.

Tears (Rush song)

"Tears" is a 1976 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It is the fifth track from their fourth studio album "2112". It was covered by Alice in Chains in 2016 and was released as a single and their cover appeared on Rush's 40th anniversary edition of their fourth studio album.

HTV (Egypt)

HTV (), is an Egyptian digital television channel owned by The Walt Disney Company a company owned by the Egyptian General Intelligence Service (GIS) since 2020, The station positions itself on its website as "the only politically independent Egyptian television station."

Edging (song)

"Edging" is a 2022 song by Blink-182 and is the leading single from their ninth studio album "One More Time...". It went to number 61 in the United States, number 31 in the United Kingdom, number 50 in Australia, number 18 in Japan and number 25 in Canada. It charted outside the top 40 in New Zealand.

Go All the Way (song)

"Go All the Way" is a 1972 song by Raspberries and is the second single from their debut studio album "Raspberries". It was their biggest hit of their career and went to number 5 in the United States and Canada and number 14 in Australia. It was banned by the BBC in the United Kingdom for sexual content.

Bois-d'Amont, Switzerland

Bois-d'Amont is a municipality in Sarine in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Arconciel, Ependes and Senèdes merged to form the new municipality of Bois-d'Amont.

Muntogna da Schons

Muntogna da Schons is a municipality in Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Casti-Wergenstein, Donat, Lohn and Mathon merged to form the new municipality of Muntogna da Schons.

Welschenrohr-Gänsbrunnen

Welschenrohr-Gänsbrunnen is a municipality in Thal in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Gänsbrunnen and Welschenrohr merged to form the new municipality of Welschenrohr-Gänsbrunnen.

Tresa, Switzerland

Tresa is a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was created on 18 April 2021 from the former municipalities of Croglio, Monteggio, Ponte Tresa and Sessa.

Noble-Contrée

Noble-Contrée is a municipality in Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Miège, Venthône and Veyras merged to form the new municipality of Noble-Contrée.

Val de Bagnes, Switzerland

Val de Bagnes is a municipality in Entremont in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. It is named after the valley of the same name. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Bagnes and Vollèges merged to form the new municipality of Val de Bagnes.

Hautemorges

Hautemorges is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2021, the former municipalities of Apples, Bussy-Chardonney, Cottens, Pampigny, Reverolle and Sévery merged to form the new municipality of Hautemorges.

Bois-d'Amont

Bois-d'Amont is the name of two municipalities in Europe:

Bois-d'Amont, Jura

Bois-d'Amont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Jura department in east France.

Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv

Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, also known as Kyiv University, Shevchenko University, or KNU, is in Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine. It is the third oldest university in Ukraine after the University of Lviv and University of Kharkiv. It is the largest national higher education institution in the country.

It was started in 1834 by Nicholas I of Russia as the Saint Vladimir Imperial University of Kiev; it has since changed its name several times. Kiev State University was one of the top-three universities in the USSR, along with Moscow State University and Leningrad State University. It is ranked as the best university in Ukraine in many rankings. Its alumni include Mykola Lysenko, Nikolay Bunge, Mykhailo Drahomanov, Mykhailo Hrushevskyi, Nikolai Berdyaev, Mikhail Bulgakov, Ivan Schmalhausen, Theodosius Dobzhansky, Viacheslav Chornovil, and Leonid Kravchuk. The university is named after Taras Shevchenko, who was banned from educational activities for political reasons, but worked for the university as a field researcher.

University of Lviv

The University of Lviv or the Ivan Franko National University of Lviv, is the oldest institution of higher education in continuous operation in present-day Ukraine, dating from 1661 when John II Casimir, King of Poland, granted it its first royal charter.

Over the centuries, it has undergone various transformations, suspensions, and name changes. The present institution can be dated to 1940. It is located in the historic city of Lviv in Lviv Oblast.

National University of Kharkiv

Kharkiv University or Karazin University officially V. N. Karazin Kharkiv National University is one of the major universities in Ukraine, and earlier in the Russian Empire and Soviet Union. It was founded in Kharkiv in 1804 by Vasily Karazin. It is the second oldest university in modern-day Ukraine.

In 2022, the university was severely damaged by the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 

John II Casimir Vasa

John II Casimir Vasa (; ; 22 March 1609 – 16 December 1672) was King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1648 to his abdication in 1668 as well as a claimant to the throne of Sweden from 1648 to 1660. He was the first son of Sigismund III Vasa with his second wife Constance of Austria. John Casimir succeeded his older half-brother, Władysław IV Vasa.

Bad Peterstal-Griesbach

Bad Peterstal-Griesbach is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Audrey Chenu

Audrey Chenu (born 2 October 1980) , is a French boxer, writer, and teacher.

She grew up in Normandy. She left home, and attented high school, and sold "cannabis." She was arrested and served time in She studied sociology at . She had her record expunged. She taught at Stains and La Courneuve .

She combined boxing and slam poetry with the Jean-Matthieu Fourt .


Leptomantis fasciatus

The banded flying frog or banded tree frog ("Leptomantis fasciatus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia, Indonesia, and Brunei. People have seen it as high as 200 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in peat swamps in rainforests forests. Scientists believe that this frog does not live in places that human beings have changed. The tadpoles swim in the swamp.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. The frog lives in three protected parks: Gunung Mulu National Park, Kayan Mentarang National Park, and Ulu Temberong National Park.

Nicole Pasteur

Nicole Pasteur , (born Nicole Mercier 11 July 1944, Terrasson-Lavilledieu ) is a French geneticist . Her research on mosquito resistance to insecticides has been awarded the CNRS silver medal .

She studied at University of Texas Medical Branch. She joined the French National Centre for Scientific Research in 1972. She used electrophoresis to find which genes are resistant to insecticides.

Samsung Galaxy S24 Core

The Samsung Galaxy S24 Core is a budget Android Go phablet to be designed, manufactured and marketed by Samsung, and is under the Samsung Galaxy S24 series. It will be unveiled on 15 May 2024 and will be officially released on 19 May 2024. Pre-orders will begin on the 16th of May 2024. It will be the first ever phablet in the S24 series to be a low-end smartphone. It will also have S Pen compatibility, but the S Pen can be bought separately. It will also be the first Core smartphone to feature an AMOLED display, which will also allow Always-On Display.

Bruno Lafont

Bruno Lafont (born 8 June 1956) is the chairman and former CEO of Lafarge.
He graduated from HEC Paris in 1977. He is also board member of Électricité de France and ArcelorMittal.

Mulhouse–Habsheim Airport

Mulhouse-Habsheim is a small airport, in Habsheim, near Mulhouse. It used to be a military base. The runway has a length of .

Today, it is mainly used for light aircraft. On 26 June 1998, Air France Flight 296 crashed near the airport, at an airshow.

Altenburg, Lower Austria

Altenburg is a municipality in the district of Horn in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.

Ive (group)

Ive (; stylized in all caps) is a South Korean girl group formed by Starship Entertainment. The group is made of six members: Gaeul, Yujin, Rei, Wonyoung, Liz and Leeseo. They started to make music on December 1, 2021. Their music is often about the concept of "self-love".

Some of the members were already famous before their debut in the group. Yujin and Wonyoung took part in the talent show "Produce 48" to become members of Iz*One. Wonyoung won first place, Yujin won fifth.

The group's name, Ive, stands for "I've", the contraction of "I have", because they want to show what they have with confidence.

Their fans are called "Dive", because they will "dive into Ive".


Korean EPs

Japanese EPs



Local election

In most countries local elections take place to elect people in local government, such as mayors and councillors. Elections to positions within a city or town are often known as "municipal elections". The way these elections are done varies.

In some places the mayor is elected by votes of all the people in the area. Those directly elected mayors often have a lot of power. In other places the councillors choose one of them to be the mayor, often for just a year. 

The elections of councillors generally happen every three or four years. Sometimes all the councillors are elected at the same time. In other places some of them are elected each year. There may be more than one council covering an area, with some very local and others covering a wider area. The rules about who can vote and how the votes are counted may be different.

There may be separate elections for organisations running particular services, like the Water board.

Political parties often are involved in the elections, but in the most local elections there are more independent politicians than there are in national elections.

Mahek Bukhari

Mahek Bukhari (), also known as May B, is a former social media influencer. She was known for sharing lifestyle, beauty, and fashion content on platforms like TikTok and Instagram.

Bukhari was born in the United States in 1999 and moved to the UK in 2002. She began her social media career while studying fashion at Manchester Metropolitan University, but later dropped out to focus on her online presence. She gained a notable following on TikTok and Instagram.

In February 2022, Bukhari and her mother were involved in a criminal case that led to their conviction for murder following a high-speed chase and a car crash. Bukhari was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 26 years and nine months on 1 September 2022.

Following her conviction, Bukhari and her mother were featured in documentaries that explored the influence of social media on their lives and the events leading to their criminal actions.


Kingsmill massacre

The Kingsmill Massacre was a shooting that happened on January 5th, 1976 near Whitecross in County Armagh, Northern Ireland. Gunmen from a breakaway group of the Provisional IRA stopped a minibus carrying Protestant workmen, lined them against the van and shot them dead. 11 men were shot, 10 of which died; 1 of the victims survived, despite being shot 18 times. One Catholic man on the minibus was allowed to leave without incident. A group called the South Armagh Republican Action Force (often shortened to simply Republican Action Force) claimed responsibility, saying that the massacre was revenge for the Reavey and O'Dowd killings by Loyalist gunmen the night before. The area the massacre happened in was known for frequent revenge murders during the Troubles.

A 2011 Historical Enquiries Team (HET) report concluded that members of the Provisional IRA committed the Kingsmill Massacre, despite the group being on ceasefire at that time. The workmen were targeted, partly because of the Loyalist murders the night before and partly because they were Protestants.

After the massacre, the British government declared County Armagh as a "Special Emergency Area". Hundreds of extra soldiers and armed police were deployed in the area. The SAS was also deployed into the county.

In February of 1975, the IRA and British government entered a ceasefire and began to work peace negotiations. Despite both agreeing to stop attacks for the meantime, some on both sides refused to cooperate and continued to fight as dissenters. Particularly, Protestant terrorists ramped up the brutality of their murders of Catholic civilians in an attempt to anger the IRA and push them to retaliate, effectively breaking the peace process. Members of the IRA formed breakaway groups and often violently retaliated without the organisation's official order to do so, Kingsmill being just one such instance. Some in the British security forces were dismayed by the ceasefire, due to only recently have claimed to have the IRA on the run when it was called. The security forces greatly increased their intelligence offensive during the ceasefire, regularly infiltrating the IRA.

During the ceasefire, several paramilitary groups on both sides (namely the Glennane Gang of the Loyalist side and the South Armagh Republican Action Force of the Republican side) targeted civilians in the hopes it would break the ceasefire with mounting tension. IRA leadership reportedly criticised its South Armagh Brigade for being involved with sectarian killings during the ceasefire. Between the start of the ceasefire (10 February 1975) and Kingsmill (January 5th 1976), Loyalist groups killed 35 Catholics in and around County Armagh and Republican groups killed 16 Protestants, as well as an additional 17 members of security forces.

The 2011 HET report found that while the massacre at Kingsmill was in response to the Reavey and O'Dowd killings the night before, the attack was also planned beforehand. The killings are thought to have made the final push for the gunmen to act on the Kingsmill Massacre.

On January 5th, 1976, 16 workmen boarded a red Ford Transit minibus after a day's work at the textile factory they worked in. 4 of the Catholic workmen were dropped off at Whitecross before carrying on a rural road towards Bessbrook. As the bus crossed a hill, they were stopped by a man flashing a torch. As they came to a stop, 11 masked men armed with semiautomatic rifles came out from the hedges nearby. A man "with a pronounced English accent" ordered the workers to get out of the van and line up faced against it. He then asked which man was Catholic. Only 1, Richard Hughes, was Catholic. His fellow workmen initially tried to prevent him from identifying himself, for fear that the men were Loyalists seeking to kill him. However, once Hughes stepped forward, the man ordered him to "Get down the road, and don't look back". Once done, the gunman gave the order and the others shot at the Protestant workmen. The men were struck with more than 100 rounds of ammunition in less than a minute. The gunmen reloaded their weapons and with an order of "Finish them off," fired at the heap of bodies again. One gunman fired an extra bullet into each man's head to make sure they were dead. Once done, the gunmen walked away calmly.10 men died; John Bryans, Robert Chambers, Reginald and Walter Chapman, Robert Freeburn, Joseph Lemmon, John McConville, James McWhirter, Robert Walker and Kenneth Worton. The 11th victim, Alan Black, faked death and survived, despite being shot 18 times; the bullet to his head had only grazed him. A married couple later came across Black lying in a ditch. Black went to a hospital in Newry and eventually recovered. Richard Hughes got a ride to an RUC station and reported the murders.
Some of the Reavey family came across the bodies as they were driving to a local hospital to collect the dead bodies of their relatives killed the night before. This led to claims that the Reavey's themselves committed the massacre as revenge for their family member's deaths. Many Loyalists attempted to wrongly portray the Reavey's as murderers, specifically Eugene Reavey. Ian Paisley claimed in 1999 that Reavey was "A well known Republican" and "Set up the massacre". Parliamentary privilege meant he couldn't be prosecuted for his remarks. This caused outrage among both the Reavey's and other Republicans and Catholics in Ireland alike. Eugene Reavey called on Paisley to apologise many times, though he refused to do so right up until his death in 2014. Reavey has since called on Ian Paisley's son, Ian Paisley Jr. to apologise, though he has refused to comment any further.

The identities of the 11 gunmen have never been discovered. Suspects have arisen over the years, though none have been officially confirmed. The massacre is remembered as one of the most violent and petty of the 1970s period of the Troubles. 

Alan Black went on to do much cross-community work after the massacre, for which he was awarded an MBE for in 2021. He accepted his MBE in memory of his 10 colleagues who died in the massacre. Richard Hughes died in 2008 and reportedly "never forgot that when the gunmen demanded that the Catholics step forward, the Chapman brothers, Reggie and Walter, on either side of him, each placed a hand on his arm to stop him from doing so."

European Democratic Party

The European Democratic Party, also known as the European Democrats, is a centrist European political party in favour of European integration. François Bayrou is the party's president. It was started in 2004 in Brussels.

All of the EDP's MEPs currently sit in the liberal Renew Europe group. The youth wing is the Young Democrats for Europe.

As of 2024, one EDP member participates in the national government France, supporting Prime Minister Gabriel Attal. Two European regions are also led by a EDP politicians, with Spain's Basque Country being led by Iñigo Urkullu of the Basque Nationalist Party and with Spain's Canary Islands being led by Fernando Clavijo Batlle of the Canarian Coalition; EDP member Free Voters participates as a junior coalition partner in the state government of Bavaria in Germany.

Basque Nationalist Party

The Basque Nationalist Party, officially Basque National Party in English, is a Basque nationalist and regionalist political party. The party is in the centre of the political spectrum.

The party is described as Christian-democratic, with social-democratic and conservative-liberal factions. In 2020 the party voted in favour of the current Prime Minister of Spain, Pedro Sánchez, belonging to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.

It operates in all of the Basque Country: the Basque Autonomous Community and Navarre in Spain, and in the French Basque Country. It also has delegations in dozens of foreign nations, specifically those with a major presence of Basque immigrants.

The party was started by Sabino Arana in 1895, which makes it the second oldest political party in Spain, after the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.It is the largest Basque nationalist party, having led the Basque Government since 1979, except for a brief period between 2009 and 2012. In Navarre, it is part of the coalition Geroa Bai, which is currently a junior partner of the PSOE in the Navarrese regional government. Currently a member of the European Democratic Party, it was a member of the European Free Alliance from 1999 to 2004. Earlier it had been affiliated with the European People's Party and the Christian Democrat International (from which it was expelled in 2000).

European Free Alliance

The European Free Alliance (EFA) is a European political party that consists of various regionalist, separatist and ethnic minority political parties in Europe. Member parties call either for full political independence and sovereignty, or some form of devolution or self-governance for their country or region. The party has generally limited its membership to centre-left and left-wing parties; therefore, only a few of European regionalist parties are members of the EFA.

Since 1999, the EFA and the European Green Party have joined forces within Greens–European Free Alliance group in the European Parliament, although some EFA members have joined other groups from time to time.

The EFA's youth wing is the European Free Alliance Youth, founded in 2000.

As of 2024, four European regions are led by EFA politicians: Scotland with Humza Yousaf of the Scottish National Party, Flanders with Jan Jambon of the New Flemish Alliance, Corsica with Gilles Simeoni of For Corsica, and Catalonia with Pere Aragonès of the Republican Left of Catalonia.

Stevie Richards

Michael Stephen Manna (born October 9, 1971) is an American former professional wrestler. He during his career, Richards wrestled for Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/E), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).

He was known for being a part of the stables Blue World Order (bWo), Raven's Nest/The Flock, and Right to Censor.

During his time in the wrestling, Richards was a two-time ECW World Tag Team Champion and a twenty one-time WWF/E Hardcore Championship.

Since retiring, Richards has started a YouTube channel called "Stevie Richards Wrestling Analysis". In his videos, Richards reviews and explains how professional wrestling moves are done, different wrestling injuries, and botches.


Roadkill (wrestler)

Michael DePoli (born August 10, 1976) is an American former professional wrestler. During his career, DePoli wrestled for Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/E), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). He was known by the ring names Roadkill and Amish Roadkill.

He was known for the gimmick of a Amish chicken farmer and would dress in Amish clothes.

During his time in the wrestling, DePoli was a one-time ECW World Tag Team Champion with Danny Doring. He was also a one-time OVW Southern Tag Team Champion with Kasey James in Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW).

On October 6, 2012, DePoli would wrestle his last match. He would team with his tag team partner Danny Doring and they would defeat the team of The FBI (Little Guido & Tony Mamaluke) at House of Hardcore's debut show. Afterwards, he would retire from in-ring competition.

Leptomantis robinsonii

Robinson's flying frog or Robinson's tree frog ("Leptomantis robinsonii") is a frog. It lives in Thailand and Malaysia. People have seen it between 152 and 762 meters above sea level.

This frog in forests that have never been cut down and in forests that are growing back if human beings have not changed them too much. This frog lays eggs in ponds and still water. The eggs hatch into tadpoles.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. People cut down its forests to make palm oil farms and to get wood to build with.

Niggеr in the wоodpile

The phrase nigger in the woodpile is a figure of speech from the United States and it means something suspicious and wrong. The phrase was commonly used from the late 1800's to early 1900's but stopped being used due to people disliking the word nigger and seeing a negative connotation to the word in the late 1900's to the present day.

Petit lac Calve

Petit lac Calve is a lake in Canada. It is in Abitibi-Temiscamingue which is in Quebec which is 290 kilometers from the city of Ottawa, which is the capital of Canada. The areas near the lake are mostly big forests.

The climate is cold averaging at 0 degrees Celsius with low points of -18 degrees Celsius in January and high points of 16 degrees Celsius in July. The driest month is February with 48 mm and the wettest is September with 154 mm. On average the lake gets 1068 mm of rainfall every year.

Sissieretta Jones

Sissieretta Jones was a American singer. She was born in either on the 5th of January 1868 or the 5th of January 1869 and died on the 24th of June 1933. She sang for 4 presidents of the US and the British royal family and was awarded with success. She was the most paid black singer of her era and later started the Black Patti Troubadours, a club with 40 different jugglers, comedians, dancers, and singers. She retired from singing in 1915.

Martinsen Lake

The Martinsen Lake is a lake in the Nipissing District which is in Ontario which is a province of Canada. The lake's average high temperature is 0 degrees Celsius and the lake's average low temperature is -9 degrees Celsius.

Revolution (2024)

Revolution (2024) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 3, 2024 at Greensboro Coliseum in Greensboro, North Carolina. It was the fifth Revolution event to take place.

The main event saw Sting and Darby Allin defeat The Young Bucks (Matthew Jackson and Nicholas Jackson) in a tornado tag team match to retain their AEW World Tag Team Championships. Sting would retire with an undefeated record in AEW. During a press conference after the pay-per-view, AEW president Tony Khan announced that he had vacated the Championships. He also announced that there would be a tournament to crown the new champions.

The event is notable for Sting competing in the final match of his career. He would retire from in-ring competition afterwards. Kyle O'Reilly also made his return from injury at the show.

Friar of the weather

The Friar of the weather (sold as "fraile del tiempo" ) is a hygrometer built with the hair of a "blond, young woman of Slavic race." Designed by the Calella inventor Agapit Borràs Pedemonte in 1894. The figure represents a Capuchin friar seated with a globe at his feet and an open book in his right hand. Through the pointer of his left hand, the friar indicates whether the weather will be "dry, rough, windy, good, unsafe, windy, wet" or "rain". As the pointer moves due to hair expansion, so does the monk's hood. The company has made more than 40 different versions of the instrument, in some of which the friar has been replaced by nuns, warriors, Christopher Columbus or even by the monk from the children's drink Kina San Clemente. The product is available in Spanish, Catalan, Galician, Basque, Portuguese, French, Italian, German and English. 

To commercialize it, the company "Tot Ideas SL" was founded , owned by the Borràs family from Mataró. When, in 2001, Juguetes Borràs merged with Educa, this company was left out of the merger and still markets today this instrument exporting it to France, Italy, Portugal and even Malta.


Charmless Man

"Charmless Man" is a 1996 song by Blur and is the fourth single from their fourth studio album "The Great Escape". It went to number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 6 in Scotland and Iceland, number 35 in Australia, number 25 in Ireland and number 33 in Germany.

All music was composed by Albarn, Coxon, James and Rowntree. All lyrics were composed by Albarn.
UK 7-inch and cassette single

UK CD single

European CD single

French CD single

Australasian CD single

Saurostomus

Saurostomus is an extinct genus of pelagic pachycormiform from the early Toarcian of Europe. Its only species is S. esocinus. Fossil remains have been found in England, Germany, and France.

The generic name means "lizard mouth." Cladistic analysis retains "Saurostomus" as sister to a clade comprising "Ohmdenia" and the suspension-feeding pachycormids.

This fish was large. The model on the right shows that it resembled a small shark, but with a smaller dorsal fin. The robust body had two pectoral fins, particularly elongated.

"Saurostomus" is is part of the Pachycormiformes, a group of bony fish that first appeared in the Lower Jurassic. In particular, it is a fish with some skull features bringing it closer to the giant filter feeder "Leedsichthys".



Ohmdenia

Ohmdenia is an extinct genus of pachycormiform from the Lower Jurassic of Germany. Its only species is O. multidentata. Some studies say "Ohmdenia" is a synonym of "Saurostomus".

The fish is only known from an incomplete fossil, but it is good enough proof to know what it looked like. "Ohmdenia" was a large animal, averaging two and a half meters long. The body is long and thick. It had a wide mouth and a long and short skull.

"Ohmdenia" is a member of the family Pachycormidae in the order Pachycormiformes. For a long time, "Ohmdenia" was considered a close relative of "Birgeria", a famous Triassic predator. Further studies show that this is not the case, so they placed it in the extinct order Pachycormiformes.



Hamas of Iraq

Hamas of Iraq is a Sunni militant group from Iraq, being created from a split in the 1920 Revolution Brigades in 2007. The group has released videos of them attacking US troops. The 1920 Revolution Brigades say that they work with the US army against Al-Qaeda. The group later helped free cities from Daesh in 2015 and gave them to the Iraqi army. The group is mainly made out of former 1920 Revolution Brigades members who were formerly members of Saddam Husayn (ra)'s army. The goal of the group was to free the country from foreign troops such as the US military. 

Revolt of Zayd ibn Ali

On the 1st of Safar 122, Zayed ibn Ali started a unsuccessful rebellion against the Umayyad Caliphate, that had been taken from the Rashidun Caliphate after the death of his great grand dad Ali. He ended up being killed on the 3rd of Safar with most of his companions also being killed and it led to the creation of Zaydism.

Leptomantis angulirostris

The Kina Balu flying frog or masked flying frog ("Leptomantis angulirostris") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines, in Luzon, Bohol, and Mindanao. People have seen it between 700 and 1800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 31 to 33 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 45-51 mm long. There is some webbed skin on the front feet. There are bumps on the skin of the belly and front but not on the back. The frog is gray-green to light brown in color. Some frogs have white spots on the head or middle. There is bright yellow color with black spots on the sides of the body and where the legs meet the body. The chest and belly are white.

This frog only lives in forests that have never been cut down. The forests are on mountains and hills. This frog lays eggs in clear, rocky streams. The tadpoles can grow to be 36 mm long.

Scientists believe this frog is in only some danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. One of the places it lives is a protected park. This frog's danger comes from humans cutting down the forests where it lives.

Nisshin Maru

The is the primary vessel of the Japanese whaling fleet and is the world's only whaler factory ship. It was the research base ship for the Institute of Cetacean Research for 2002 to 2007. It has a tonnage of and is the largest member and flagship of the five-ship whaling fleet, headed by leader Shigetoshi Nishiwaki. The ship is based in Japan in Shimonoseki harbor and was owned by Tokyo-based Kyodo Senpaku, which is a subsidiary of the Institute of Cetacean Research.It stopped being used in 2020. 

There have been several Japanese factory whaling ships named "Nisshin Maru". After the U.S. Navy's Pacific Fleet was attacked at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, all Japanese factory ships soon began to serve in the war effort till sunk or till the end of World War II in 1945.


General Douglas MacArthur, as military governor of Japan in 1945, encouraged the now defeated Japan to continue whaling in order to provide a cheap source of meat to its starving people, and to supply millions of dollars in oil for the United States and Europe. The Japanese whaling industry quickly recovered as MacArthur authorized the commission of two converted T2 tankers as whaling factory ships ("Hashidate Maru" and "Nisshin Maru No. 1"), to once again hunt whales in the Antarctic and elsewhere.


A major fire in the ship's processing factory broke out on February 15, 2007 while in Antarctic waters. The resulting damage caused the ship to be temporarily disabled, all while continuing to carry 340,000 gallons of oil. This incident took place within the New Zealand Search and Rescue Region. One crew member was killed in the fire.

Citing environmental concerns, specifically the disabled ship's proximity to Cape Adare, Antarctica and the world's largest Adelie penguin rookery, New Zealand Conservation Minister Chris Carter joined international citizens' groups in urgently requesting that the ship be towed away. Japan's Institute of Cetacean Research (ICR), which used to administer the ship with the Kyodo Senpaku Kaisha, declined offers of a tow from the Greenpeace ship , which had been nearby and monitoring the situation since February 17. On February 28, the Institute of Cetacean Research released a statement on its decision to cut short its Antarctic whale hunt for 2006/07 due to unrecoverable equipment, and "Nisshin Maru" departed for Japan for repairs, cutting short its whaling season for the first time in 20 years.

"Nisshin Maru" and Greenpeace's collided in December 1999 and in January 2006. In 2006 both ships claimed to have been rammed by the other, and the ICR posted video footage to support its version of the incident. Greenpeace responded that the waves emanating from "Arctic Sunrise" in the video support Greenpeace's contention that its vessel had its engines in reverse; Greenpeace also claimed the location of cloud formations in the background of the ICR video indicate "Nisshin Maru" was turning into the Greenpeace ship at the time of collision.

Sea Shepherd Conservation Society claimed its president Paul Watson was shot by someone aboard "Nisshin Maru" during a confrontation with the off Antarctica in 2008. He was wearing a bulletproof vest and was uninjured. An ICR spokesman acknowledged that seven flashbangs were thrown, but stated that "no gunshots of any kind" were fired.

In March 2011, "Nisshin Maru" returned early from operations in the Southern Ocean and immediately began assisting in disaster relief efforts following the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, transporting food, fuel, and other supplies to areas devastated by the catastrophe.

In February 2013, "Nisshin Maru" was involved in a multiple-ship collision, colliding with the Sea Shepherd vessels "Steve Irwin", , and , as well as the whaler's refueling ship, "Sun Laurel". "Bob Barker" was damaged and issued a mayday. "Sun Laurel"s lifeboats were also damaged due to the collision.

Additional regulations from the United Nations International Maritime Organization (IMO) took effect on August 1, 2011 prohibiting ships using heavy oil fuel below 60 degrees south to prevent pollution. The IMO "Guidelines For Ships Operating In Ice-Covered Waters" also establishes requirements for a double-hull strengthened against ice-related damage. "Nisshin Maru" did not meet the IMO standards.

"Nisshin Maru" is featured in the video game Ship Simulator Extremes, along with "Kyo Maru" # 1 and the Greenpeace vessel "Esperanza" with its outboard inflatable boats and RIBs.

Matthew Barney filmed "Drawing Restraint 9" on "Nisshin Maru" in 2005, as it made its annual journey to Antarctica.

"Nisshin Maru" is the name of a whaler factory vessel that is chased by Greenpeace and a German/Chilean press officer in Luis Sepulveda's book "Mundo del fin del mundo".



2023–24 Liverpool F.C. season

Caraboa Cup Winners 1-0 Versus Chelsea
Top of the premiership as of March 4th
In the UEFA Europa League as of march 4th
In the Fa cup as of march 4th
Mewing

Mewing is a type of oral posture training made to improve the jawline and the look of your face. It was named after John and Mike Mew, British orthodontists who made the technique as a part of a practice they call "orthotropics". Mewing is done by placing your tongue at the roof of the mouth (which is called the palate) and putting a bit of pressure there. Also, you should swallow the fluids in your mouth while mewing. This is done with the goal of changing the structure of the jaw. However, no credible scientific research has ever proven how well orthotropics work. Since 2019, mewing has had a lot of media coverage due to it becoming viral on social media, especially with what is known as looksmaxxing. Looksmaxxing is when someone tries to improve how they look. This is usually done by improving their habits.

While the technique has been known to have some positive effects, many orthodontists that that mewing does not have enough evidence as a good alternative treatment to orthognathic surgery. Mike Mew has been kicked out from the British Orthodontic Society, and is currently facing a legal hearing for allegedly harming child patients who he treated.

Mewing has been used as an internet meme. On social media platforms such as TikTok, People will point to their jaw to show that they are mewing in their videos. In reference of how Donald Trump in a 2023 mug shot looked, journalist Bindu Bansinath wrote "perhaps he's mewing for better definition."

David Culhane

David Michael Culhane (September 22, 1930 – February 24, 2024) was an American journalist and television news correspondent. He worked in radio, print, and television, with time at the Baltimore Sun, CBS News, and NPR. 

Culhane was the London Bureau Chief of the Baltimore Sun and host of the BBC's International Magazine before joining CBS News in 1967. In May 1968, Culhane reported with on malnutrition in the Peabody Award-winning documentary "CBS New Reports: Hunger in America". Senator George McGovern noted that seeing the program prompted him to introduce the resolution that would create the . Culhane contributed to other CBS documentaries, including "CBS Inquiry: The American Assassins" with Dan Rather and a special report, "The Trouble with Rock," about the CBS Records scandal that resulted in Clive Davis's firing from CBS Records. 

Throughout his time at the network, Culhane reported for the CBS Evening News with Walter Cronkite and later Dan Rather. His work spanned the globe, with reports on the U.S. military's Operation Phoenix in Vietnam and student protests in Beijing's Tienanmen Square. In 1979, Culhane joined Kuralt and others, launching the program CBS News Sunday Morning. His cover stories included an Emmy-winning piece about Vietnam veterans, "After the Parades," profiles on artists, poverty in the South Bronx, whale conservationists, and presidential candidates. Culhane retired from CBS News in 1995 and moved to Paris where he reported for NPR. 

Culhane was born in Chicago, Illinois, and grew up in Detroit, Michigan. He died on February 24, 2024, at his home in New York, at 93 years old.
Rowntree's

Nestlé UK Ltd ( ), trading as Rowntree's ( ), is a British confectionery brand. The business was based in York, England. Rowntree developed the Kit Kat (introduced in 1935), Aero (introduced in 1935), Fruit Pastilles (introduced in 1881), Smarties (introduced in 1937) brands, and the Rolo and Quality Street brands when it merged with Mackintosh's in 1969 to form Rowntree Mackintosh Confectionery. Rowntree's also launched After Eight thin mint chocolates in 1962. The Yorkie and Lion bars were introduced in 1976. Rowntree's also started the selection box (a gift consisting of assorted bars and sweets) which in the UK have been Christmas gifts for over a century. 

Started in 1862, the company developed strong associations with Quaker philanthropy. Throughout much of the 19th and 20th centuries, it was one of the big three confectionery manufacturers in the United Kingdom, alongside Cadbury and Fry, both also founded by Quakers. 

In 1981, Rowntree's received the Queen's Award for Enterprise for outstanding contribution to international trade. In 1988, when the company was bought by Nestlé, it was the fourth-largest confectionery manufacturer in the world. The Rowntree brand continues to be used to market Nestlé's jelly sweet brands, such as Fruit Gums and Fruit Pastilles. Rowntree’s ceased to exist as a business in 1991, becoming Nestlé UK.

Brigitte Geoffroy

Brigitte Geoffroy (born 10 March 1964) is a French taekwondo martial artist. She won the silver medal in 1986, and bronze medal in 1990 and 1992 European Taekwondo Championships, in the -65 kg category. 

She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the welterweight event.

Faridpur, Bangladesh

Faridpur () is the district town and district headquarter of Faridpur district. It is situated in Dhaka division in the central part of Bangladesh. It is also headquarter of Faridpur Sadar Upazilla. Faridpur is a politically important city in south-west-central Bangladesh and the 14th largest city in Bangladesh. It is the most populated place in this district. Faridpur is situated on the banks of Kumar river. The area of Faridpur municipality is 66.38 km . The total population of Faridpur is 446,921. Pallikabi Jasimuddin is one of the famous Bengali poet belongs to Faridpur. There are also many famous politicians in this district. Earlier its name was "Fatehabad". Bangladesh's only river research institute is situated here.

Faridpur

Faridpur may refer to:




J. S. Fry &amp; Sons

J. S. Fry & Sons, Ltd., better known as Fry's, was a British chocolate company owned by Joseph Storrs Fry and his family. Beginning in Bristol in the 18th century, the business went through several changes of name and ownership, becoming J. S. Fry & Sons in 1822. In 1847, Fry's produced the first solid chocolate bar. The company also created the first filled chocolate sweet, Cream Sticks, in 1853. Fry is most famous for Fry's Chocolate Cream, the first mass-produced chocolate bar, which was launched in 1866, and Fry's Turkish Delight, launched in 1914.

Fry, alongside Cadbury and Rowntree's, was one of the big three British confectionery manufacturers throughout much of the 19th and 20th centuries, and all three companies were founded by Quakers. The company became a division of Cadbury in the early 20th century. The division's Somerdale Factory near Bristol was closed after the 2010 takeover of Cadbury's by Kraft Foods Inc.

Looksmaxxing

Looksmaxxing is when someone does many forms of facial exercising and body care routines, in an effort to improve their appearance. While Looksmaxxing can refer to simple hygiene, more extreme methods have become known with looksmaxxing, such as "mewing". Looksmaxxing is sometimes associated with incel subculture, and it started on "manosphere" message boards such as Lookism, Sluthate and PUAHate. Looksmaxxing became a TikTok trend, and became popular with teenagers in the 2020s, with some of its origins tracing back to mid-2014.

Looksmaxxing is when people perform body care routines to try to improve their appearance. Some of these practices are common and standard, such as clearing up facial acne, going to the gym, getting a new haircut, or moisturizing their skin. These practices are the most popular, and are known as "softmaxxing". Other practices have been associated with looksmaxxing, one popular practice is the act of "mewing", which involves moving your tongue to the roof of your mouth with the goal of getting a "square jawline". These methods are the most popular ones shared around TikTok, where men that look good are typically the ones giving the advice. These methods were used to be popular from magazines such as "GQ", "Esquire", and "Men's Health" sharing around skincare and hairstyle advice. Some people that practice "looksmaxxing" consider themselves to be making "facial gains".

Some people who practice looksmaxxing have also practiced more extreme methods. This has been called "hardmaxxing", and those who practice hardmaxxing call themselves "hardmaxxers". Practices known to be hardmaxxing include getting implants or limb-lengthening surgeries, starving themselves on purpose ("starvemaxxing"), using moisturizers to attempt to appear more white ("whitemaxxing"), and trying to avoid sexual climax to try to boost testosterone ("edging"). Another method, known as "bonesmashing" is when someone hits their own face against objects to try to get a "chiselled look". While this practice is known as an inside joke and only a few people have actually tryed it, it has been warned as misinformation.

Some people that practice looksmaxxing also look for others to rate their appearance, with some engaging in anonymous message boards associated with incel sub-culture. This rating is sometimes known to be someone's "sexual market value". The people that do the rating and find this value usually check for different facial features. One of the most known facial features checked for is "hunter eyes", which refers to someone having a positive canthal tilt, which looks like the eyes of a predatorial animal. Other features checked for are hollow cheeks and "pursed lips". In order to have these features, some people perform acts such as mewing, rubbing around the eys, or even getting surgery.

People who get a low rating are sometimes harassed for their appearance, with some forms of harassment including suicide encouragement. Other terms have been created by people in an effort to "dominate others". Some of these terms are "mogging", which means asserting dominance over another person based on their appearance, and being "Y-pilled", which means that someone views themselves as more masculine than the other person and it is based on the word "redpilled".

Looksmaxxing started on "manosphere" message boards such as Lookism.net and Incels.me in the 2010s. In 2015, a forum site named Looksmaxxer.com was registered to the Internet Archive, which created the term "looksmaxxing". This inspired the name to be used on anonymous imageboard websites such as 4chan. Looksmaxxing became a TikTok trend in the 2020s, and it was mostly watched by teenagers.


Superposition

Superposition means that several things are combined by putting one on top of the other. More specifically, the term has several meanings:


Azat Seidalin (sportsperson)

Azat Alibekovich Seidalin (, born August 31, 1989, Kokshetau, Kazakh SSR, USSR) is a multifaceted professional with a diverse portfolio of roles and ventures. He is a Kazakh lawyer and holds a Master's degree in Management. Additionally, Seidalin is a teacher-psychologist and an active sportsman. He has established a significant presence in the security industry as the Founder and General Director of LLP "Turan Group Security" a security agency. He also founded LLP "AD Safety", a training center dedicated to industrial security.

Azat, originally from Kokshetau, Kazakhstan, began his educational journey in a local high school, completing nine grades before attending a music college, which he eventually left without completing his studies.

In 2007, Seidalin's career took a significant turn when he was drafted into the army, serving in the prestigious Republican Guard of Kazakhstan. He initially joined as part of the first company of the honor guard and later continued his military career under a contract.

In 2019, Seidalin transitioned into the world of entrepreneurship. He embarked on various ventures, including establishing a khan agency, training centers, gyms, pharmacies, and businesses specializing in special equipment. His academic accomplishments include earning a Master's degree in Management, which has undoubtedly contributed to his success in these diverse business endeavors.

He is married and the family is raising 3 sons.



Antonio Aponte

Jose Antonio Aponte Ulabarra (1760-1812) was a Cuban militia officer. He led the armed revolt called the November Revolution in Cuba in 1812. He was captured by the Spanish army and put to death on April 9, 1812.

It Wasn't Me

“It Wasn’t Me is a 2000 single by Shaggy from his fifth album "Hot Shot". It reached number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. It is a reggae song about a man who is caught cheating on his girlfriend. He asks his friend what to do, and his friend just tells him to deny everything by saying “it wasn’t me”. This obviously isn’t good advice since his girlfriend has lots of evidence against him, making the song’s story humorous.

Besides the song’s success on the charts, it is also notable for inspiring “the Shaggy defense”, a term for when someone accused of something just says it wasn’t them, like the man in the song. The term came into being when R. Kelly was involved in a sex scandal, where Kelly said he wasn’t the man in a video showing him having sex with an underage girl.

Fall River

Fall River is the name of several places and rivers:




Order of Merit (Portugal)

The Order of Merit (Portuguese: Ordem do Mérito) is a Portuguese Honorific Order of civil merit that is awarded to those who have performed meritorious acts or services in the country for both the public and the private areas, which show self-sacrifice for the community. The medals are given by the President of the Portuguese Republic, in his role as the Grand-Master of the Portuguese Honorific Orders. This medal can be awarded, during life or after death, to both Portuguese and foreign citizens; it can also be awarded to communities or companies that are ruled by public law or of public utility. This medal has been awarded to a number of people performing varied activities such as ambassadors, businesspeople, military personnel, athletes and musicians.


Stéphane Richard

Stéphane Richard (born 24 August 1961) is the former chairman and CEO of Orange S.A.. 
He graduated from HEC Paris and the École nationale d'administration. He studied at HEC Paris and École nationale d'administration in Strasbourg. He is also worked in politics with Christine Lagarde.

Conspirators Rebellion

The Conspirators Rebellion goes along with the Conspiracy of Nicolas Rodriguez in Cuba during 1795. This was a revolt caused by the repression and slavery that Cuba experienced during that time. It was led by Nicolas Rodriguez and Antonio Aponte who was also leader of the November Revolution.
President of the Council of Ministers of the Mexican Empire

Here is the list of the President of the Council of Ministers of the Mexican Empire, First Minister, or Chancellor of Mexico.
Mamulichthys

Mamulichthys is an extinct bony fish from the Permian of what is now European Russia. Its only species is M. ignotus. It was small in size and resembled a coelacanth. Operculum is large and rounded. The ventral side had longitudinal rows of large and massive scales.


BAE Systems

BAE Systems plc (BAE) is a British multinational arms, security and aerospace company, based in London, England. It is the biggest manufacturer in Britain as of 2017. It is the largest defence contractor in Europe and the seventh-largest in the world based on 2021 revenues. 

BAE's largest operations are in the United Kingdom and in the United States. In the U.S., BAE Systems Inc. subsidiary is one of the six largest suppliers to the US Department of Defense. Its next biggest markets are Saudi Arabia, then Australia; other major markets include Canada, Japan, India, Turkey, Qatar, Oman and Sweden. 

The company was formed on 30 November 1999 by merger of Marconi Electronic Systems, the defence electronics and naval shipbuilding subsidiary of the General Electric Company plc, with British Aerospace, an aircraft, munitions and naval systems manufacturer.

BAE is the successor to many aircraft, shipbuilding, armoured vehicle, armaments and defence electronics companies. These include the Marconi Company, the first commercial company for the development and use of radio; A.V. Roe and Company, one of the world's first aircraft companies; de Havilland, manufacturer of the Comet, the world's first commercial jet airliner; Hawker Siddeley, manufacturer of the Harrier, the world's first VTOL attack aircraft; British Aircraft Corporation, co-manufacturer of the Concorde supersonic transport; Supermarine, manufacturer of the Spitfire; Yarrow Shipbuilders, builder of the Royal Navy's first destroyers; Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, builder of the world's first battlecruiser; and Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering, builder of the Royal Navy's first submarines.

Since 1999, BAE has bought other businesses. They bought United Defense and Armor Holdings of the United States, and has sold its shares in Airbus, Astrium, AMS and Atlas Elektronik. It is involved in several major defence projects. These include the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II, the Eurofighter Typhoon, the , and the s. BAE Systems is listed on the London Stock Exchange's FTSE 100 Index.

Bay'ah

Bay'ah in Islam is a pledge of allegiance to a Muslim leader. It was practiced by the prophet Muhammad. It is sometimes done under a written agreement by citizens as long as the leader follows the Sharia, the people have to continue to pledge allegiance to him. It is still practiced in Saudi Arabia and Sudan. In Morocco, bay'ah is only compulsory for the royal family of the country.

Alahad TV

Alahad TV is a TV channel from Iraq created in 2010. The channel is run by a subgroup of the Popular Mobilization Forces which is designated a terrorist group by the United States. Their headquarters are located in Baghdad, the capital city of Iraq.

Ishtar TV

Ishtar TV is a Iraqi TV channel mainly broadcasted in the Syriac for Assyrian viewers. The channel was created by Sarkis Aghajan in 2005. The channel also broadcasts in Arabic and Kurdish alongside the Syriac so people who do not speak Syriac can understand the channel's programming. The channel's website is also available in English alongside the languages that the channel broadcasts.

Al-Rafidain TV

Al-Rafidain TV is a Iraqi TV channel from Istanbul broadcasting in the Arabic language. The channel was launched on the 10th of April 2006 using Nilesat, and is owned by followers of Sunnism against secularism that support the Association of Muslim Scholars in Iraq.

Nursery Cryme

Nursery Cryme is the third studio album by Genesis. The album was released on November 12, 1971.

Nitter

Nitter is a discontinued alternative front-end for X, with better privacy and performance. The UI is based off the classic Twitter desktop layout. The front end used many "guest accounts" created using proxy servers to get tweets. When the guest account feature was removed by X in January 2024, the project was discontinued, although users could create their own instances using their own X accounts with the risk of blocking.

Ya Bashar

Ya Bashar (; O Bashar) is the 13th album released by Diana Haddad. It was released by Rotana Records in 2014. It was also Haddad's first collaboration with Arabia's biggest record label.

American Community Survey

The American Community Survey is a yearly survey done by the United States Census Bureau. It gathers information from the longer censuses done every 10 years such as citizenship and income. This data is used to learn about communities of people.

It is sent to 295,000 houses every month or 3.5 million addresses every year and it is the largest housing survey that the Census Bureau gives out.
It gathers information in every state and Washington, D.C.. It does not gather information from U.S territories such as Guam and American Samoa.

Free Syrian University

The Free Syrian University was made in 2013 for refugees from the Syrian civil war that are uneducated and are the age for college. The university is a secular university, not with any religion but does offer a degree in Islamic Studies. The university supports the Syrian opposition and bases its name off of the Free Syrian Army. The university is in the country of Turkey, in a town close to the Idlib Governorate of Syria but also holds online meetings using software like Zoom or Google Meet for those not in Turkey. To enroll in the university it costs $1500 usually but most refugees do not have the finances so they attend at a reduced fee or free.

Freemen of Syria

The Freemen of Syria are a brigade of Syrian opposition fighters part of the Free Syrian Army who were active during the Syrian civil war, near Aleppo. The brigade funds itself from donations mainly from Saudi Arabia, looting warehouses, and kidnapping people for ransom. They later ended up joining the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement and the Sham Legion. A part of the Northern Brigade left the Sham Legion in 2017 but it is unknown if the group is still active.

Ansar al-Islam

Ansar al-Islam is a Islamist militant group with the goal of forming a Kurdish Islamic state under sharia law and protect the people of this Kurdish state. It was created in northern Iraq around Kurdistan by Islamists who were former members of Al-Qaeda and the Taliban. 

The group was designated a terrorist organization by the UN as a another name for Al-Qaeda.

Ansar al-Sunnah

Ansar al-Sunnah (Supporters of Sunnah) was a Iraqi militant group that fought against US troops and their allies in the Iraq War. The group was made up of Kurdish and Arab fighters. The group has been designated a terrorist group by the UK since late 2005. It was founded in 2003 by former members of Ansar al-Islam who went to Iran after the start of the Iraq War. The group is named as Ansar al-Sunnah as an alias for Ansar al-Islam. The group has also had its name used by small splinter groups in 2014 after the disbandment of Ansar al-Sunnah.

Ahrar al-Sharqiya

Ahrar al-Sharqiya is a militant group from Syria. Many of its fighters are former members of Daesh, Ahrar al-Sham, and Jabhat Al-Nusra.
The group got international media attention in 2019 after the murder of Hevrin Khalaf being condemned by the UN as a "war crime".

The group is funded by Turkey and members were sent to fight in Libya on Turkey's behalf. The group has also supported military operations against the SDF in Syria.

Karamea

Karamea is an isolated town in the Buller District, New Zealand. It is situated 96 kilometers northeast of Westport and is the northmost town on the South Island West Coast. It has an area school (which is non-uniformed), library, museum, church and has a catchment area of the Karamea River.

Monotrematum

Monotrematum is an extinct genus of platypus-like animal from the Paleocene of Argentina. Its only species is M. sudamericanum. It is only one of two monotremes found outside Oceania.

"Monotrematum" is the only known non-Australasian ornithorhynchid. It resembled a platypus.



The Fate of the Furious

The Fate of the Furious is a 2017 American action-thriller movie. It is the eighth movie in the "Fast & Furious" franchise series. It stars Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson, Jason Statham, Michelle Rodriguez, Tyrese Gibson, Chris "Ludacris" Bridges, Scott Eastwood, Nathalie Emmanuel, Elsa Pataky, Kurt Russell, and Charlize Theron.

The movie was released on April 14, 2017. It made $1.236 billion around the world.


Jordan Ayew

Jordan Pierre Ayew (born 11 September 1991) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger or forward for club Crystal Palace and the Ghana national team.

Marseille
Ghana


Individual


Hobbs &amp; Shaw

Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs & Shaw is a 2019 American action-thriller movie. It is the ninth movie in the "Fast & Furious" media franchise series. It stars Dwayne Johnson, Jason Statham, Idris Elba, Vanessa Kirby, Eiza González, Cliff Curtis and Helen Mirren.

The movie was released on August 2, 2019. It made $760.7 million around the world.


General Electric Company plc

The General Electric Company (GEC) was a major British conglomerate company involved in consumer and defence electronics, communications, and engineering.

It started in 1886 as G. Binswanger and Company, an electrical goods wholesaler in London. It sold electrical components over the counter which was not common then. In 1889, the business was incorporated as the General Electric Company Ltd. It became a public limited company in 1900. During the 1890s and 1900s, the company heavily invested into electric lighting, which was very profitable. In the First World War it supplied the military, and becoming a major player in the electrical industry. In 1921, a new purpose-built company headquarters (Magnet House) was opened in Kingsway, London; two years later, GEC's industrial research laboratories at Wembley (later named the Hirst Research Centre) opened. In the 1920s, the company was heavily involved in building Britain's National Grid.

During the Second World War, GEC made several significant contributions to the Allied war effort, such as the development of the cavity magnetron for radar, various advances in communications technology, and the mass production of valves, lamps, and lighting equipment. In 1961, GEC merged with Radio & Allied Industries. In the 1960s, GEC's new managing director, Arnold Weinstock did cut-backs and mergers that returned the company to profit. GEC bought Associated Electrical Industries in 1967, and merged with English Electric one year later. The company bought W & T Avery, "Cincinnati Electronics", and "Picker Corporation".

During the 1980s, the company was Britain's largest private employer with over 250,000 employees; becoming one of the first companies in the new FTSE 100 Index in 1984. It made more than £1 billion per year at its peak in the 1990s. In June 1998, GEC sold its share of the joint venture GEC-Alsthom on the Paris stock exchange. During December 1999, GEC's defence arm, Marconi Electronic Systems, was sold to British Aerospace, forming BAE Systems. The rest of GEC, mainly telecommunications equipment manufacturing, continued as Marconi Communications. After buying several US telecoms manufacturers at the top of the market, losses following the bursting of the dot-com bubble in 2001 led to the restructuring in 2003 of Marconi plc into Marconi Corporation plc. During 2005, the company failed to secure any part of BT's 21st Century Network programme; that same year, Ericsson acquired the bulk of the company; what was left of the business was renamed Telent. It closed in 2006.

André Ayew

André Morgan Rami Ayew (; born 17 December 1989), also known as Dede Ayew in Ghana, is a professional footballer who plays as a winger or forward for Ligue 1 club Le Havre and serves as captain for the Ghana national team.

Marseille

Al Sadd

Ghana U20

Ghana

Individual

British Aerospace

British Aerospace plc (BAe) was a British aircraft, munitions and defence-systems manufacturing company that was formed in 1977. Its head office was at Warwick House in the Farnborough Aerospace Centre in Farnborough, Hampshire. It bought Marconi Electronic Systems, the defence electronics and naval shipbuilding subsidiary of the General Electric Company, in 1999 to form BAE Systems.

The company has its origins in the Aircraft and Shipbuilding Industries Act 1977, which called for the nationalisation and merger of the British Aircraft Corporation, Hawker Siddeley Aviation, Hawker Siddeley Dynamics and Scottish Aviation. On 29 April 1977, the new entity was formed in the United Kingdom as a statutory corporation.

Under the British Aerospace Act 1980 (c. 26), on 1 January the statutory corporation was transferred a public limited company (plc), under the name "British Aerospace Public Limited Company", on 2 January 1981. BAe was privatised. In February 1981, 51.6% shares of the company were sold. The public sale was 3.5 times subscribed. At the end of the first day's trading, share prices were 14% above the original offer price. In May 1985 the other 48.4% shares were sold; this sale was 5.4 times subscribed and the first day closing price was 11% above the initial offer price. The British Government maintained a £1 golden share, which allowed it to veto foreign control of the board or company.

Prathamesh Parab

Prathamesh Parab (born 29 November 1993) is an Indian actor who works primarily in Marathi cinema. Before taking the lead in "Timepass", he made his acting debut with "Balak Palak". In 2014, he won the Annual Life Ok Screen Awards.

Parab did his schooling at the M.L Dahanukar College of Commerce in Mumbai where he graduated with a Bachelor in Banking and Insurance.

Prathamesh Parab Gets Engaged To Girlfriend Kshitija Ghosalkar On Valentine's Day. 


Dar ul-Funun

Dar ul-Funun (Persian: دارالفنون‎), translated as "House of Sciences," stands as a significant landmark in the history of education in Iran. Established in the 19th century, it was a groundbreaking institution that played a crucial role in modernizing education in the country

Dar ul-Funun was founded on October 8, 1851, in Tehran, the capital city of Iran. This date marked a transformative moment, as the institution aimed to introduce a new era of education that incorporated both traditional and modern knowledge.

The visionary behind Dar ul-Funun was Amir Kabir (1807–1852), an influential statesman and reformer during the Qajar dynasty. Amir Kabir, also known as Mirza Taghi Khan Amir-Nezam, served as the prime minister to Naser al-Din Shah, the monarch of Iran at the time.

Naser al-Din Shah Qajar, who reigned from 1848 to 1896, was the king of Iran during the establishment of Dar ul-Funun. His reign witnessed various efforts towards modernization and reforms, with Amir Kabir being a key figure in implementing changes, including the establishment of this groundbreaking educational institution.

Dar ul-Funun was not just a school but a comprehensive educational complex that aimed to bridge the gap between traditional Islamic teachings and modern sciences. Under the guidance of Amir Kabir, the institution introduced a curriculum that included a wide range of subjects, from literature and philosophy to natural sciences and technology.

One of the notable features of Dar ul-Funun was its commitment to offering education in both Persian and European languages, reflecting its aspiration to amalgamate the best of traditional and contemporary knowledge. The institution also housed a library and laboratories, providing students with access to a wealth of resources for their academic pursuits.

Dar ul-Funun laid the foundation for modern education in Iran and contributed significantly to the intellectual and cultural development of the nation. Many prominent figures who played key roles in shaping Iran's future, including scholars, politicians, and scientists, received their education at Dar ul-Funun.

The institution's impact extended beyond its immediate time, influencing subsequent educational reforms and institutions in Iran. It marked a pivotal moment in the country's history, reflecting the efforts of forward-thinking leaders like Amir Kabir to propel Iran into the modern era.

In conclusion, Dar ul-Funun remains a symbol of innovation and progress in Iranian education. Its establishment under the patronage of Amir Kabir during the reign of Naser al-Din Shah Qajar reflects a significant chapter in Iran's history, where the pursuit of knowledge and the blend of traditional and modern education set the stage for the nation's intellectual development.

Yang You (computer scientist)

Yang You, born on April 19, 1991, is an Assistant Professor at the National University of Singapore.

Yang completed his undergraduate studies at the School of Information and Electrical Engineering, . He earned his master's degree in Computer Science from Tsinghua University in 2015, and his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 2020 under the guidance of . He joined the National University of Singapore as an Assistant Professor in Computer Science and founded a company called HPC-AI Tech, focusing on combining high-performance computing (HPC) technologies with artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance AI productivity.

Yang is recognized for his contributions in large scale optimization. In 2018, he introduced the LARS algorithm, which achieved a new world record for training, reducing the training time for on ImageNet to just 24 minutes. The following year, he further improved the algorithm and introduced the LAMB algorithm to address its limitations on attention models such as BERT, significantly reducing the training time for from 3 days to 76 minutes.

Yang You is a and received the George Michael Memorial HPC Fellowships in 2017. He was awarded the Lotfi A. Zadeh Prize in 2020 for his notable contributions to soft computing and its applications. He was recognized in Forbes' 30 under 30 Asia list in 2021 and received the IEEE-CS TCHPC Early Career Award.

Bacdafucup

Bacdafucup is the debut album by American hip-hop group Onyx.

It was released in March 30, 1993.
Amir Kabir

Amir Kabir (Persian:
امیرکبیر) (9 January 1807 – 10 January 1852), "born Mirza Taghi Khan", was a prominent statesman and chief minister to Naser al-Din Shah during the Qajar dynasty in 19th-century Iran. His influential role, marked by extensive reforms and diplomatic initiatives, has left a lasting impact on Iranian history.

Amir Kabir rose to prominence during a tumultuous period in Iran. Born in 1807, he initially served as a courtier before catching the eye of Naser al-Din Shah. With the Shah's support, he climbed the ranks swiftly, eventually becoming the chief minister in 1848.

One of Amir Kabir's most notable legacies lies in his internal reforms. Drawing inspiration from European models, he aimed to modernize Iran's administrative, economic, and educational systems. Amir Kabir implemented administrative restructuring, creating new ministries and rationalizing governmental functions.

He took significant steps to bolster education, establishing the Dar ul-Funun, Iran's first modern university, in 1851. This institution aimed to provide both scientific and technical education, marking a departure from traditional religious-centered learning.

Amir Kabir demonstrated a benevolent attitude towards Iran's non-Muslim minorities, driven by a strategic vision to strengthen the state. Learning from European interventions in Ottoman affairs, he aimed to eliminate possible grievances that might invite foreign interference. He exempted priests from taxation, supported Christian schools, and fostered a positive relationship with the Zoroastrian community.

Amir Kabir's foreign policy was innovative, emphasizing a "negative equilibrium" by avoiding excessive concessions to either Britain or Russia. He sought to end Russian influence in the Caspian Sea and limit British control in the Persian Gulf. To counteract external pressures, he engaged with powers like Austria and the United States and established a counter-espionage organization.
Amidst his modernization efforts, Amir Kabir faced internal challenges from the Bábí movement, considered a threat by the clerical establishment. He repressed the Bábís, leading to confrontations and mass killings. The execution of The Báb in 1850 marked a significant event, reflecting a clash between Amir Kabir's authoritarian reforms and the Bábís' call for religious renewal.

On 11 November 1851, Nasir al-Din Shah, the 20-year-old ruler of the Qajar dynasty of Iran, deposed his guardian and brother-in-law Mirza Taqi Khan Farahani, better known as Amir Kabir, from the position of prime minister. However, he allowed Amir Kabir to continue as commander-in-chief of the army. "Since the office of Grand Chancellor involves too much work," the shah wrote to Amir Kabir, "and the burden of such a task was heavy for you, we have relieved you of this duty. You must continue as Commander-in-Chief with full confidence ." Just two months later, on 10 January 1852, Amir Kabir was secretly executed in the bathhouse of the "royal garden of Fin" near Kashan, where he had spent the last days of his exile.

Amir Kabir's legacy is complex. While his modernization efforts laid foundations for change, his authoritarian methods and suppression of dissent, especially the Bábís, had profound consequences. The unintended consolidation of clerical power following the Bábí conflict shaped Iran's trajectory for decades.

Amir Kabir's life remains a pivotal chapter in Iranian history, embodying the challenges and complexities of navigating tradition and modernity during a transformative era.

Arrai TV

Arrai TV was a Arabic TV channel in Syria. The channel was used during the Libyan Civil War to spread pro-Gaddafi propaganda. The channel aired many audio clips from Gaddafi when they ran away from Tripoli. On the 15th of October 2011, the station mourned the death of Khamis Gaddafi (not Mummar al Gaddafi) on the 29th of August. The channel later closed on the 4th of December 2011 due to the start of the Syrian civil war.

Al-Hafez

Al-Hafez (The Protector) is a Salafi channel from the Sinai Peninsula that promotes the Quran. The channel also promotes Islamist parties such as the Muslim Brotherhood since the 2011 Egyptian revolution. The channel had a lawsuit filed against them due to the channel calling for the assassination of political candidates.

Historical Enquiries Team

The Historical Enquiries Team or HET was a unit of the PSNI created in 2005 to investigate the thousands of unsolved terrorist attacks and murders during the Troubles. It was launched in 2005 and shut down in 2014 following budget cuts in the PSNI. It was split into two groups, Review and Investigation, had 100 members of investigators and support staff and had a budget of £30 million. It was headed by Cmdr. David Cox.
Despicable Me 4

Despicable Me 4 is an upcoming 2024 animated film produced by Chris Meledandri and Brett Hoffman

It will be released on July 3,2024.

• Steve Carell as Felonius Gru .

•Kristen Wiig as Lucy Wilde

• Miranda Cosgrove as Margo Gru.

Gabino Gaínza

Gabino Crispín Gaínza Fernández de Medrano (20 October 1753 – 1829) captain-general of Guatemala (1821–1822). And 1st Captain General of Central America Born in Pamplona, Spain, Gaínza joined the military at the age of sixteen and served in various posts throughout South America for most of his adult life. He commanded the Spanish force that reconquered Chile in 1814.
Lauryn Bosstick

Lauryn Bosstick, born on May 21, 1986, in San Diego, California, is an American entrepreneur.

Lauryn grew up with her father, Brad Evarts, a restaurateur, and lost her mother, Wendy Evarts, at a young age. Lauryn attended San Diego State University, majoring in TV Broadcasting, and started The Skinny Confidential podcast as a free online sorority for women.

Lauryn's career took off with The Skinny Confidential podcast in 2011, focusing on health, fitness, and later expanding to beauty and wellness. In 2017, she and her husband, Michael Bosstick, started The Skinny Confidential HIM & HER podcast, featuring notable guests. Lauryn also co-founded the blog design company Blog-Doo. In 2021, she ventured into the beauty industry, launching The Skinny Confidential beauty brand with successful products like THE HOT MESS ICE ROLLER.

Lauryn is married to Michael Bosstick, and they have a daughter, Zaza Princeton Bosstick. The family resides in Austin, Texas, along with their two chihuahuas, T. Boone Pickens and Slim Pickens.

Passionate about mental health, Lauryn supports charities focused on mental well-being and advocates for rescuing dogs.

Felipe Codallos

Felipe Codallos (1790 – 1849) was the 3rd Captain General of Central America and 4th Political Chief of San Salvador under the Emperor of Mexico Agustín de Iturbide On 1 July 1823, El Salvador, along with the rest of Central America, declared independence from the Mexican Empire he died in 1849 at Mexico City, Mexico
2024 Facebook outage

On March 5, 2024, Facebook, Messenger, and Instagram stopped working everywhere. This happened at 3:00 PM UTC. Meta Platforms, the company that owns these apps, talked about the issue at 3:30 PM UTC.. A website called Downdetector received 300,000 reports about the problem

The big issue was that people were suddenly logged out. This made many worry because it seemed like what happens when someone hacks an account. So, lots of people asked on other places like Twitter / X if their accounts were still safe.

During this time, Elon Musk, the owner of X, made fun of the situation with tweets showing that X was working well when Facebook, Messenger, and Instagram were not.

Promo Direct

Promo Direct is a promotional product company headquartered in Henderson, Nevada, known for its extensive inventory of customizable items aimed at enhancing businesses' brand presence.

Promo Direct was established in 1991 by entrepreneur Dave Sarro with the aim to help promote businesses. Since then, the company has grown from a small startup into USA's leading promotional product company.

In 2018, Promo Direct launched AI features on its website called Promo Direct Express. Since then, these features have been regularly updated and improved with new functionalities. Promo Direct also offers free artwork, design services and weekly deals.

Promo Direct has also been accredited with A+ from Better Business Bureau (BBB) since 2011. 

IMx

Immature (later known as IMx) is an American dance pop and rhythm and blues boy band. The members of this group include Marques "Batman" Houston (born August 4, 1981), Kelton "LDB" Kessee (born January 1981) and Jerome "Romeo" Jones (born October 25, 1981). They're all from Los Angeles.

The group was founded established in 1991. Their studio albums include "On Our Worst Behavior" (released September 1992), "Playtime is Over" (released in August 1994), "We Got It" (released in December 1995) and "The Journey" (released in September 1997). Their songs include "Please Don't Go" "Is it Love this Time" and "Feel the Funk". Their song "Is it Love this Time" takes elements off the dance R&B song "Nite and Day" from Al B. Sure!. It was later sampled for "Big Ole Freak" from Megan Thee Stallion.

The band's identity was changed to IMx in 1999. The band was in several "House Party" movies.

Rotary Park Bridge

The Rosey Park Bridge is a historic bridge built in West Virginia. It was built in 1929 and is made out of wood and stone in a old fashioned style. It is approximately 53 metres long and 9 metres wide. The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in the year 2002.

Fateh 313

Fateh 313 (Conqueror 313) is a Iranian ballistic missile and released in the year 2016. It uses solid fuel instead of liquid fuel such as gasoline or diesel. The Fateh 313 is similar to the Fateh 110 and other older models of the Fateh rockets but uses a better fuel and has a increased range. The Defense Ministry of Iran plans to create many missiles and sell them to consumers.

Huron

Huron may refer to:



Naser al-Din Shah Qajar

Naser al-Din Shah Qajar (Persian: ناصرالدین‌شاه قاجار, romanized: Nāser-ad-Din Ŝāh-e Qājār; 17 July 1831 – 1 May 1896) , ascended to the throne as the fourth Shah of Qajar Iran on 5 September 1848, ruling until his tragic assassination on 1 May 1896. His reign, spanning nearly 51 years, established him as the third longest-reigning monarch in Iranian history, following Shapur II of the Sassanid dynasty and Tahmasp I of the Safavid dynasty.
As a trailblazer , Naser al-Din Shah marked a significant era as the first modern Persian monarch to formally venture into Europe. Capturing his experiences, he documented his travels in memoirs, providing a unique insight into his encounters with the Western world. His openness to Western influence showcased a modernist approach, setting the stage for reforms in Qajar Iran.

Notably, Naser al-Din Shah ushered in an era of modernization by permitting the establishment of newspapers within the country. Embracing contemporary technology, he harnessed the power of telegraphs and photography, revealing a forward-thinking mindset. Additionally, he initiated plans for concessions related to railways and irrigation works, showcasing a commitment to progress and infrastructure development.

Despite these strides towards modernity, Naser al-Din Shah faced challenges in implementing successful reforms. While his endeavors in education modernization were noteworthy, his tax reforms encountered misuse by those in positions of power. This resulted in a perception of corruption within the government, contributing to a growing sense of discontent among the common people. The inability of the government to protect the populace from abuse by the upper class fueled antigovernmental sentiments.

Tragically, Naser al-Din Shah's life came to an abrupt end when he was assassinated while visiting a shrine. His assassination marked a gloomy conclusion to the reign of a monarch who, despite his efforts at modernization, grappled with the complexities of balancing progress with societal challenges. 

Despite being the recognized government of Iran, Naser al-Din Shah Qajar faced considerable challenges in establishing effective authority during the early years of his rule. While the state under his leadership held official recognition, its influence was significantly undermined by the autonomy tested by local tribal leaders.

One of the key hindrances to Naser al-Din's sovereignty lay in the substantial autonomy granted to religious and tribal chiefs, who exercised significant control over their respective communities. These leaders maintained their own militias, leading to a decentralized power structure where local groups often operated independently, disregarding laws issued by the monarchy due to the lack of enforcement mechanisms.

Naser al-Din's initial struggle for control became evident in the limited effectiveness of his rule. At the onset of his reign, the monarch's army consisted of a mere 3,000 men, a stark contrast to the more substantial forces commanded by various tribal leaders. Faced with this military imbalance, Naser al-Din often resorted to hiring local militias when the state required a more formidable military presence.

Furthermore, the people's allegiance leaned towards the religious authorities, following the fatwas issued by the ulama rather than adhering to laws announced by the state. This shift in loyalty demonstrated the existing challenges in establishing centralized governance and the sway that religious figures held over the populace.

Even as Naser al-Din embarked on reforms aimed at modernizing the state, the government continued to face scrutiny over its ability to enforce these changes successfully. The limited power it wielded over subjects, coupled with the defiance of local militias, posed persistent obstacles to the effective implementation of reforms.

In essence, the early years of Naser al-Din Shah Qajar's rule were marked by a struggle to consolidate authority and navigate the intricate balance between centralized governance and the autonomy of local leaders. These challenges laid the groundwork for the complexities that characterized his lengthy reign. 

Naser al-Din Shah Qajar's reign, which began in 1848 after his ascension to the Sun Throne with the support of Amir Kabir, was marked by a complex interplay of reformist tendencies, authoritarian governance, and interactions with external powers.

In the early years, Naser al-Din demonstrated an inclination toward reform. However, his governing style evolved into a dictatorial approach, particularly in response to challenges such as the Revolt of "Hasan Khan Salar" and insurrections by the Babis. In the aftermath of an assassination attempt by a small group of Babis, he sanctioned the killing of thousands. This harsh treatment persisted under his prime minister, Amir Kabir, who went as far as ordering the execution of the Báb, a figure regarded as a manifestation of God by Bábís and Baháʼís, and historically recognized as the founder of the Bábí religion. 

Faced with the inability to reclaim territory lost to Russia in the Caucasus during the early 19th century, Naser al-Din sought compensation by attempting to seize Herat in 1856. This move, however, triggered conflict with Great Britain, which perceived it as a threat to British India. The ensuing war forced Persia to return Herat and recognize the kingdom of Afghanistan.

Naser al-Din Shah Qajar made history as the first modern Persian monarch to visit Europe. His visits in 1873, 1878, and 1889 exposed him to technological marvels, leaving him reportedly amazed. During his 1873 visit to the United Kingdom, Queen Victoria bestowed upon him the prestigious title of Knight of the Order of the Garter, a significant honor for a Persian monarch. His travel diary from the 1873 trip was widely published, reflecting the international interest in his experiences and observations, available in Persian, German, French, and Dutch.

In 1890, Naser al-Din ventured into economic concessions with British major "Gerald F. Talbot", granting him ownership of the Persian tobacco industry. However, a fatwa from "Ayatollah Mirza Hassan Shirazi", prohibiting tobacco-related activities, compelled the cancellation of the contract. This decision, rooted in concerns of foreign exploitation, even affected the Shah's personal life, as his wives prohibited him from smoking.

Undeterred by setbacks, Naser al-Din continued his efforts to grant concessions to Europeans. Notably, he assigned the ownership of Persian customs incomes to "Paul Julius Reuter", highlighting the complexities of his attempts at modernization and collaboration with foreign powers. Naser al-Din Shah Qajar's reign remains a multifaceted chapter in Persian history, shaped by a dynamic blend of reforms, conflicts, and engagement with the rapidly changing world.

Fateh 110

The Fateh 110 (Conqueror 110 or NP 110 in English) is a ballistic missile made by Iran in the year 2002. The latest version has a range of 300 kilometers and is more accurate then older models.
The rocket is based off of the Zelzal-2 missile. The rocket has been used in the Syrian Civil War as the M-600. It was also the reason Turkey was given 2 missile defense systems by America in the year 2012. The missiles are also used by Hizbullah since 2014 after the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps gave them a unknown amount of rockets. It was also previously claimed by Mossad that Syria was giving Hizbullah their M-600 missiles. The missiles have also been sent to Russia but they have not utilized the rockets as of March 2024.

Erie

Erie may refer to:


Leptomantis harrissoni

The Harrisson's flying frog or brown tree frog ("Leptomantis harrissoni") is a frog. It lives in the Indonesia and Malaysia. People have seen it between 0 and 350 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that have never been cut down and in forests that have been cut down and are growing back. This frog does not live in places that human beings have changed. This frog lays eggs in holes and trees. The male finds a hole and calls to the female. The trees must be very tall or else the frog will not go there.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. This frog can be in some danger from human beings cutting down the forests. Some of the places this frog lives are protected parks.

Superior

The word superior means above or better. Superior may also refer to:




Ontario (disambiguation)

Ontario is a province in Canada.

Ontario may also refer to:


Micro Mages

Micro Mages is a platform game released by Morphcat Games in 2019 for the Nintendo Entertainment System. It raised over €150,000 on Kickstarter. The game was released on a cartridge and later as a digital download on Steam and Itch.io.

The game uses 40 kilobytes (8 kilobytes for graphics and 32 kilobytes for code). This is because all NES games had to fit into that size when it was released. It was made using 6502 assembly language. Levels and animations use the same graphics to save space.

Genetic genealogy

Genetic genealogy is using a person's DNA and genealogy to test if that person is related to another person. 

It can be used by law enforcement to find the culprit of a crime, or who the victim is. Because DNA tests are also more easy to get, it can also be used to trace back a family tree.

Mushak 200

The Mushak 200 is a long range Iranian missile. It has a range of 200 kilometers. Development of the Mushak series started in the year 1990 and the Mushak-200 was shown in 1998. The rocket was based off the Zelzal 1 and parts of the Mushak's components were used in the Zelzal 3. The rocket has been given to Syria, Hezbollah, and Ansar Allah.

Kinuyo Someya

Kinuyo Someya (染谷絹代, Someya Kinuyo, born 5 July 1954) is a Japanese politician. In 2013, she was elected mayor of Shimada City, becoming the first female mayor of the city, as well as one of the first female mayors of Shizuoka Prefecture.

Someya was born in 1954 in Iwaki She was chairman of the Shimada school board.

Someya ran in the 2013 municipal elections for the city of Shimada, against incumbent mayor Katsurō Sakurai. She ran a long-term electoral campaign, focusing on the desire to change the city's institutions. She won the mayoral race, with a lead of 5,000 votes.

She was re-elected twice, in 2017, with 12,000 votes, and then in 2021, with a lead of more than 15,000 votes.

During her 2021 election campaign, she enjoyed broad popular support, after taking Covid-19 measures in Shimada. 

Sukhoi Su-34

The Sukhoi SU-34 is a Soviet-origin Russian fighter and attack jet. It has two engines, and two seats.

Marion Scrymgour

Marion Rose Scrymgour (born 13 September 1960) is an Australian politician. She is currently serving as the member for the seat of Lingiari in the Northern Territory. She is a member of the Labor Party.

Scrymgour used to be the member for the seat of Arafura in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly. She was the first Indigenous woman to be elected to the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly.

Scrymgour is Aboriginal, belonging to the Tiwi mob from the Tiwi Islands.

Honkytonk Man

Honkytonk Man is a 1982 American musical comedy-drama movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars) and also starring Kyle Eastwood, John McIntire, Alexa Kenin, Verna Broom, Barry Corbin, Marty Robbins, Jerry Haddin, Tim Thomerson. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was based on the 1980 novel of the same name by Clancy Carlile. It was nominated for Razzie Award in 1983.

Luke Gosling

Luke John Anthony Gosling, (born 17 September 1971) is an Australian politician and a retired Australian Army officer. He is currently serving as the member for Solomon in the Northern Territory in the House of Representatives.

Jihadi tourism

Jihadi tourism is a phrase used for traveling to a different country for military training by a jihadist group. This phrase is also applied to those who are curious of jihadist groups and travelling for curiosity.

List of governors of California before 1850

Below is a list of the governors of early California (1769–1850),

Gaspar de Portolá November 30, 1767 – July 9, 1770

Fernando Rivera y Moncada 9 July 1770-1777

Felipe de Neve 1777–1782

Luis Antonio Argüello 1822–1825

José Castro 29 September 1835 – 1 January 1836

Juan Bautista Alvarado 1836–1837

Carlos Antonio Carrillo 6 December 1837 – 20 May 1838 ("Nominated)"

Juan Bautista Alvarado 1837–1842

Manuel Micheltorena 31 December 1842 – 22 February 1845

Pío Pico 22 February 1845 – 10 August 1846

John D. Sloat July 7 – 29, 1846 

Robert F. Stockton July 29, 1846 – January 16, 1847 

John C. Frémont January 19, 1847 – February 13, 1847 

Stephen W. Kearny February 23, 1847 – May 31, 1847 

Richard Barnes Mason May 31, 1847 – April 13, 1849 

Persifor Frazer Smith February 28, 1849 – April 12, 1849 

Bennet C. Riley April 12, 1849 – December 20, 1849 

Islamic State of Iraq

The Islamic State of Iraq was an Al-Qaeda offshoot in Iraq. It fought against the US army during the Iraqi civil war. The goal of the group was to overthrow the secular Iraqi government setup by George W. Bush and form a Islamic state in Iraq. The group originates from Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad which was created by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and later pledged allegiance to Al-Qaeda. However when Abu Omar al-Baghdadi came to power, he dissolved Al-Qaeda in Iraq and replacing it with the Islamic State of Iraq.

Roy Fredericks

Roy Clifton Fredericks was born 11 November, 1942 in Berbice, Guyana and died 5 September, 2000 in New York City, United States. He was a West Indies cricketer who played 59 tests and 12 one-day internationals from 1968 to 1977. He also played for Guyana and Glamorgan County Cricket Club. He died from throat cancer in 2000.

InfiRay

InfiRay, also known as IRay, fully referred to as IRay Technology Co., Ltd., is a Chinese optical components manufacturer founded in 2009. The company specializes in the production of consumer-grade thermal infrared imagers, especially tiny thermal cameras. InfiRay is a subsidiary of Raytron Technology, a semiconductor maker listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE). Headquartered in Yantai, a city in Shandong province, the company has established presences in the US, Australia, and Russia.

Assim Al-Hakeem

Assim al-Hakeem is a Indonesian imam from Saudi Arabia. He records his programs in the city of Jeddah. His programs are in the English language and he has been called a Islamist. His family is from Indonesia due to his grandfather sending his father to Saudi Arabia which resulted in him being born in Saudi Arabia.

Abu Omar al-Baghdadi

Abu Omar al-Baghdadi was the first leader of the Islamic State of Iraq. He died on the 18th of April 2010 by an airstrike on his house, killing his son and other members of the Islamic State of Iraq. He was succeeded by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who called himself the caliph of the Islamic State.

Hojang Taret

Hojang Taret is a play done in the Meitei language and it is dervived from The Phoenician Women. The play is directed by Oasis Sougaijam and produced by The Umbelical Theatre. The story of the play is about two brothers who fight which causes the destruction of Thebes and it talks about why is fighting is bad.

California Girls (Gretchen Wilson song)

"California Girls" is a song recorded by American country music artist Gretchen Wilson. The song was written by Wilson and John Rich and produced by the two and Mark Wright. The song was released on June 9, 2006, as the fourth and final single from her second studio album "All Jacked Up" (2005).

The music video features Wilson and her band throughout the beach and in the amusement park inside the pier. The video also features a Paris Hilton look-alike. The video premiered to Great American Country on July 10, 2006.

Kingdom of Kaikan

The kingdom of Kaikan (alternatively Kikan, Kiknan, Qaiqan or Qayqan)The Kaikan region in Sindh (Pakistan) was in independent possession of the Jat people. In addition to frequent interaction with Jats, the first Arab invasions of Persia and Sindh were met by the Jat people.

Kaikan was a province in Sind. Kikania is the name of a mountain. When the Arab invaders first time came to Kaikan mountains, the Jats repelled them. when Muhammad bin Qasim invaded Sind, Kaikan country was in independent possession of Jats. The country of Kaikan was supposed to be in south-eastern Afghanistan which was conquered from Jats by the Arab general Amran Bin Musa in the reign of the Khalifa Al-Mutasim-bi-llah, (833-881 AD). During the same reign another expedition was sent against the Jats who had seized upon the roads of Hajar (?)...and spread terror over the roads and planted posts in all directions towards the desert. They were overcome after a bloody conflict of twenty five days. 27000 of them were led in captivity to grace the triumph of victor. It was a custom among these people to blow their horns when Marshalled for battle. [Sindh Ka itihas, p.30] H.C.Verma wrote [ H.C.Verma : Mediewal History [Part-1] Delhi University Publication that the Jats of Kikkan fought very bravely and defeated the Arabs very badly again & again. So Arab could not attack on India by Kikkan route.

Last Man Standing (1995 movie)

Last Man Standing is a 1995 American action movie directed by Joseph Merhi and starring Jeff Wincott, Jonathan Banks, Jonathan Fuller, Steve Eastin, Robert LaSardo, Michael Greene, Ava Fabian, Corbin Bernsen. It was distributed by PM Entertainment Group.


Voulez-Vous (song)

"Voulez-Vous" ( ; French for "Do you want?") is a 1979 song by ABBA and is the title track to their sixth studio album "Voulez-Vous" and also features on their 1992 album "". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, Ireland and the Netherlands, number 80 in the United States, number 79 in Australia, number 87 in Canada, number 9 in Sweden, Spain and France and number 20 in Finland. It was not a major hit for the group.



Matthias Corvinus

Matthias Corvinus (also Mátyás Corvin ; 23 February 1443 – 6 April 1490) was a king of Hungary and Croatia who reigned from 1458 to 1490. He was also king of Bohemia since 1469 and ruled the lands of Moravia, Silesia, and Lusatia. Matthias adopted the title Duke of Austria.

As an avid reader and culture lover, he generously patronized arts. He invited many artists from Italian city-states (such as Galeotto Marzio ) and Western Europe were all invited to his royal palace and bestowed many gifts.

He spoke Hungarian, Romanian, Croatian and Latin well, and later studied German and Czechoslovak.

Ayman Sadiq

Ayman Sadiq is a Bangladeshi writer, educator, speaker, content creator and entrepreneur. Sadiq is the founder of 10 Minute School, the largest online educational institution in Bangladesh. Sadiq has received the Glomo Award, also known as the ICT Oscar, and the Apita Award. Sadiq has also received the Queen's Leader Award in 2018.

Sadiq is married to Munzereen Shahid and his relationship status is mingle.

Cynical Girl

"Cynical Girl" is a 1982 song by country singer Marshall Crenshaw. It was taken from his debut studio album "Marshall Crenshaw" and features the cover version of "Rave On". It did not chart in the United States or the United Kingdom but became one of his most famous songs.

Whenever You're on My Mind

Whenever You're on My Mind is a 1983 song by Marshall Crenshaw and is the leading single from his second studio album "Field Day". It went to number 23 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Hard Habit to Break

"Hard Habit to Break" is a 1984 song by Chicago. It is the second single from their 14th studio album "Chicago 17" and went to number 3 in the United States and number 8 in the United Kingdom. It won a Grammy Award in 1985.

Hypsocormus

Hypsocormus (from Greek: ῠ̔́ψος "húpsos", 'height' and Greek: κορμός "kormós" 'timber log') is a genus of pachycormiform from the Jurassic with fossils being found in Germany, France and the United Kingdom. The two species are H. insignis and H. posterodorsalis.

"Hypsocormus" was about 1 m (3.3 ft) long, with a caudal fin just like a mackerel. It had a dorsal fin, long pectoral fins and tiny pelvic fins.

In 1860, Johann Andreas Wagner discovered the type species, "H. insignis". The species was then placed into this genus. For a long time, it has been considered to be the only species of "Hypsocormus". However, in 2020, Maxwell and others described a new species, "H. posterodorsalis". There are currently two species in this genus.



Synapturanus zombie

Synapturanus zombie, the zombie frog, is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae. It is classified in the genus "Synapturanus".

"Synapturanus zombie" has an average snout–vent length of 39 mm in males. It has a pointed nose and a narrow mouth.

Zombie frogs live in well-drained soil in forests in French Guiana. They are nocturnal and fossorial.



Reza Goodary

Reza Goodary (born 14 December 1988), is an Iranian mixed martial artist. He is the first Iranian fighter who's competing in Karate, Muay Thai, Jujutsu and MMA with recorded 299 professional fights.

Paranormal

Paranormal means phenomena that lie outside the scope of what is considered normal or explainable by current scientific understanding. These phenomena often challenge our conventional understanding of the physical world and may involve occurrences that seem to transcend or defy natural laws.

Belief in the paranormal varies widely, with some individuals embracing these ideas as evidence of a reality beyond the material world, while others approach them with skepticism and seek scientific explanations. While there are many anecdotal accounts of paranormal experiences, the scientific community generally requires empirical evidence and rigorous testing to accept phenomena as valid and reliable.

Common examples of paranormal phenomena include:

It's essential to distinguish between personal beliefs, cultural folklore, and scientific inquiry when exploring the realm of the paranormal. While some experiences may remain unexplained or mysterious, the scientific method remains a crucial tool for investigating and understanding the world around us.

Bobasatrania

Bobasatrania is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Triassic. It’s best known from beds of Changhsingian to Ladinian age. It is one of the most famous survivors of the Permian–Triassic extinction event. "Bobasatrania" originated during the Lopingian epoch. 

"Bobasatrania" is part of the Bobasatraniiformes. The type species was named after Bobasatrana (near Ambilobe) in northeast Madagascar. The species is named after a river called the Mahavavy River. 

"Bobasatrania" had a unique diamond-shaped body. It had a forked tail. It did not exceed 30 cm in length. The pectoral fins were thin and elongated. It had large eyes and a small mouth. 

Fossils have been found in many places (Canada, France, Germany, Greenland, Italy, Madagascar, Spitsbergen, Pakistan, Switzerland, USA).

On 1932, Errol White discovered the type species, "B. mahavavica". "Bobasatrania", "Dorypterus", "Ebenaqua", and "Ecrinesomus" make up the Bobasatraniiformes, an extinct order of ray-finned fish.






Jonáthan Daniel Ross

Jonathan Daniel Ross (born April 26, 2003) also known as JDR is an American College Basketball Player, and entrepreneur based in Austin, Texas.

Ross who has a passion for basketball, is also a businessman and social media influencer. He was born in Austin, Texas, but his parents moved to Houston when he was three years old. He attended in Washington State, where he was featured in basketball competitions. Jonathan's contribution to the Yates High School basketball team played an important role in securing the state champion title in the 2020-2021 season.

= External links =

Catholic Monarchs

The Catholic Monarchs were Queen Isabella I of Castile (r. 1474–1504) and King Ferdinand II of Aragon (r. 1479–1516), whose marriage and joint rule marked the "de facto" unification of Spain. They were both from the House of Trastámara and were second cousins, being both descended from John I of Castile; to remove the obstacle that this consanguinity would otherwise have posed to their marriage under canon law, they were given a papal dispensation by Sixtus IV. They married on October 19, 1469, in the city of Valladolid; Isabella was 18 years old and Ferdinand a year younger. It is generally accepted by most scholars that the unification of Spain can essentially be traced back to the marriage of Ferdinand and Isabella. Their reign was called by W.H. Prescott "the most glorious epoch in the annals of Spain".

Spain was formed as a dynastic union of two crowns rather than a unitary state, as Castile and Aragon remained separate kingdoms until the Nueva Planta decrees of 1707–16. The court of Ferdinand and Isabella was constantly on the move, in order to bolster local support for the crown from local feudal lords. The title of "Catholic King and Queen" was officially bestowed on Ferdinand and Isabella by Pope Alexander VI in 1494, in recognition of their defence of the Catholic faith within their realms.

Wayenbam

Wayenbam is a Meitei Manipuri surname or family name which has Indian origin. People of this family mainly inhabit in Manipur, India.

Belarusian involvement in the Russian invasion of Ukraine

Belarus, a close ally of Russia, has supported them in the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Before the invasion started, Belarus let the Russian Armed Forces perform weeks-long military drills on its territory. However, the Russian soldiers did not leave the country after they finished. Belarus allowed Russia to start part of the invasion in its territory, giving Russia the shortest possible land route to Ukraine's capital city, Kyiv. These forces left Ukraine within two months, which ended land-based military operations coming from Belarus and allowing Ukraine to take back their side of the border area. The situation along the border is still tense, with Ukraine closing all of the border checkpoints leading into Belarus unless there are special cases.

At the start, Belarus said that they were not involved with the invasion, but they later admitted that they allowed Russian missile launchers in Belarus to shoot at Ukrainian targets. Several reports from the Belarusian opposition and Ukrainian military said that Belarusian soldiers were in Ukraine helping the Russians fight, but Belarus's leader Aleksander Lukashenko said that the reports were wrong and the Belarusian Armed Forces (BAF) would not fight in the invasion. As of early 2023, the BAF have not attacked Ukraine and stayed in Belarus for the entire war. The Belarusian leader has said that there is "no way" he will send soldiers into Ukraine unless they attack first.

The involvement of Belarus was condemned in Western countries. According to Chatham House, Belarus's involvement in the war is not popular with the public.

At the start of the invasion, Belarus held Russo-Ukrainian peace talks on its border. The talks did not make a lasting ceasefire happen.

Leptomantis gauni

Inger's flying frog or the short-nosed tree frog ("Leptomantis gauni") is a frog. It lives in Brunei, Malaysia, and Indonesia. People have seen it between 750 and 980 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in rainforests that have never been cut down and rainforests that were cut down and are growing back on hills. This frog lays eggs in foam nests on plants over water. The tadpoles swim near the rocky bottoms of streams.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. Human beings cut down the forests where the frogs live to get wood to build with and make farms for palm oil. Many of the places this frog lives are protected parks.

Apple Sidra

Apple Sidra is a Taiwanese carbonated soft drink. It was first distributed in 1965. It is manufactured by Oceanic Beverages Co., Inc. and is mainly sold in Taiwan. It has a sweet natural apple flavor with a bit of citrus. It is sold in 250 and 330 ml cans, 275 ml glass bottles, and 600 ml, 1250 ml, and 2 liter bottles.

Gerber Products Company

Gerber Products Company is an American company that makes baby food and products. It is headquartered in Florham Park, New Jersey. The company is a subsidiary of Nestlé. Gerber was founded in 1927 in Fremont, Michigan, by Daniel Frank Gerber.

El Mouradia Palace

The El Mouradia Palace is the official workplace and residence of the president of Algeria. It is in the El Mouradia neighborhood overlooking Algiers. It is often referred to simply as the Algerian president’s office. Initially, Ahmed Ben Bella, the first president of independent Algeria, used the Summer Palace, previously occupied by French governors, for his offices, while residing at Villa Joly.
Laurence Jehasse

Laurence Jehasse, (born Mary Jehasse 12 July 1920 Petreto-Bicchisano - 31 December 2013 in Lyon) was a French archaeologist. She was a specialist in Greek and Etruscan ceramics. She founded the Jérôme Carcopino Archaeological Museum. She was awarded the CNRS Silver Medal in 1984.

She grew up in Corsica. She studied in Paris between 1928 and 1945. She taught Spanish until 1974. Between 1954 and 1967, she co-directed all the research campaigns at the Roman site of Aléria. She analyzed the material discovered with her husband Jean Jehasse. In 1967, André Malraux appointed her director of the Aléria Museum, which became the Aleria Jérôme-Carcopino Museum of Archaeology, a position she held until 1978.

In 1973, she defended a doctoral thesis in archaeology on Greek ceramics from Aléria. She was recruited in 1974 as a researcher at the CNRS, and in 1979 was awarded the CNRS silver medal for her work. She then continued her work on Aléria while specialising in Athenian ceramics.

She married Jean Jehasse in 1947.


Flag of Autlán

The flag of Autlán () has two horizontal stripes, the big strip is red and the smal strip yelloy with the coat of arms of Autlán de Navarro (toponim glyph). It was adopted in 1998.

Sublime number

A sublime number is a positive integer which has a perfect number of positive factors (including itself), and whose positive factors add up to another perfect number. For example 12 whose factor are 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, and 12 this is 6 factors. 6 is a perfect number the only other sublime number is 6,086,555,670,238,378,989,670,371,734,243,169,622,657,830,773,351,885,970,528,324,860,512,791,691,264.

Prime power

Prime power is a positive integer which is a positive integer power of a single prime number. which means a prime number or p to the power of any integer i, p to the power of p, or i to the power of p.

Deficient number

A deficient number is when a number is not a perfect number or a Abundant number. Also some primes, prime powers, and any divisors of a perfect or deficient number are deficient. 1 is deficient along with 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19, 21, 22, 23, etc.

Fedayeen al-Islam

Fedayeen al-Islam (Martyrs for Islam) was a militant group in Pakistan created and ran by Hakimullah Mehsud, deputy of the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan until his death. After his death in 2009, his group joined the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan. The group has claimed responsibility for many bombings in Pakistan such as the Islamabad hotel bombing.

Bid'ah

In Islam, bid'ah is innovation in religious beliefs. The word literally means innovation and is seen as a form of heresy. The word is used for any new innovation against the Qur'an and Sunnah of Muhammad. It is believed by many that anybody who starts a innovation in religion is cursed by Allah and his angels.

Ansarullah Bangla Team

The Ansarullah Bangla Team is a militant group from Bangladesh and it has commited crimes such as bank robbery and the murder of atheists. The group was designated a terrorist group after their bank robbing on the 25th of May 2015. The group has been claimed to be linked with the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami party by the Bengali police. The group also has links to Al-Qaeda and it started in 2007 as the group "Jama'atul Muslemin" with funding coming from charities.

BurgerFi

BurgerFi is an American hamburger restaurant chain. It is aimed at the "better burger" sector of the market. It was founded in February 2011 in Lauderdale-by-the-Sea, Florida. In 2018, the Consumers Union graded the top 25 burger chains in the U.S. on their antibiotic use policies for beef. it was one of the two chains that were given an "A" rating for using beef that was raised without routine use of antibiotics.

Beyond Meat

Beyond Meat is a Los Angeles–based producer of plant-based meat substitutes. It was founded in 2009. The company's initial products were launched in the United States in 2012. It went public in 2019, becoming the first plant-based meat analogue company to go public.

Universal Social Charge

The Universal Social Charge is a tax on income in the Republic of Ireland. It replaced the income levy and the health levy (also known as the health contribution) since 1 January 2011. It is charged on a person's "gross income" before any pension contributions or Pay Related Social Insurance.

If a person's income is less than €13,000 they pay no Universal Social Charge. (This limit was €4,004 in 2011, €10,036 from 2012 to 2014 and €12,012 in 2015.) Once income is over this limit, a person pays the relevant rate on all income. For example, a person with income of €13,000 will pay no USC. A person with income of €13,001 will pay 0.5% on income up to €12,012 and 2.5% on income between €12,012 and €13,001.

Aggregate income for these purposes does not include payments from the Department of Social Protection.

Fedayeen Saddam

Fedayeen Saddam was a militant group loyal to Saddam Husayn. The group had 30,000 to 40,000 members at its peak. The group was also not binded by the law similar to the CIA. The group were the cause of the most deadly attacks against US forces in 2003 during the 2003 Iraq invasion by the US. The group has also been known to operate in civilian clothes to confuse US forces.

Holocaust (band)

The Holocaust is a heavy metal band from Scotland created in 1977 and is based in the city of Edinburgh. The band consists of the singer Gary Lettice, guitar player Ed Dudley, drum player Nick Brockie, and bassist Robin Begg. 

Quatro de Fevereiro Airport

Quatro de Fevereiro International Airport is the main international airport in Angola. It is in the southern part of Luanda. Quatro de Fevereiro means 4 February, which is an important national holiday in Angola. Dr. Antonio Agostinho Neto International Airport is being built to take its place, but work has been slowed down by money problems. 

Point (basketball)

A point in the American sport Basketball can be either in the form of one, two, or three points. The goal of winning a basketball game is to score more points than the opposing team when the time runs out. 
In college basketball the time of a basketball match is usually 40 minutes and in high school it is usually 32 minutes. In the NBA, however, it is four quarters of 12 minutes each.

Gaspar de Portolá

Gaspar de Portolá y (January 1, 1716 – October 10, 1786) was a Spanish military officer, the first governor of California, and founder of Monterey and San Diego. he was accompanied by the priest Junípero Serra. Together they led the Spanish settlement of what is now the state of California

Sukuta

Sukuta (ruled prior to around 1200 AD) was a king (or chief) of Eswatini. He succeeded Qomizitha as king of Eswatini and preceded Madlasomo as king of Eswatini.
Herman, Shopian

Herman or Hermain () is a village and tehsil of shopian District, Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Khanabal

Khanabal is a town in Anantnag District, Jammu and Kashmir, India.

Fernando Rivera y Moncada

Fernando de Riveray Moncada ("b." 1711; "d." 18 July 1781), Spanish commandant of the Californias. Rivera y Moncada, a native of Compostela, Nayarit, served in the military at Loreto, Baja California, in 1742. He explored the Bahía de Sebastián Vizcaíno with the Jesuit Fernando Consag in 1751.
Operation Marg Bar Sarmachar

On the 18th of January 2024, Pakistan sent airstrikes inside the Iranian part of Balochistan trying to destroy separatist groups. They called it Operation Marg Bar Sarmachar (Death to rebels) by Pakistan. The attack was done in response to Iranian strikes in Pakistani Balochistan a day earlier.
Iran confirmed that 9 Balochistan Liberation Army members were killed in the airstrike. 
The attack was the first attack on Iran by another country since the end of the Iran–Iraq War in the year 1988.

Marg Bar Sarmachar means "death to rebels". Marg bar means "death to" in Persian and is used in the Iranian slogan Marg bar Amerika. Sarmachar means rebels in the Balochi language and is used by Balochi seperatists.

America-Israel Cultural Foundation

The America-Israel Cultural Foundation is a non-profit from America that supports Israel. 

It was first founded in 1939 for the creation of a Jewish state. It was called the American Fund for Palestinian Institutions until 1948 where it was changed to the American Fund for Israeli Institutions. It later changed its name to the America Israel Cultural Foundation which is its current name.

Abu Mahdi

The Abu Mahdi missile is a missile with a range of over 1000 km. The missile is named after Abu Mahdi al-Muhandis, the former leader of the Popular Mobilization Forces and the companion of Qasem Soleimani. It was released alongside the Haj Qasem missile on the 20th of August 2020. The missile can be launched from many different platforms such as air, sea, and land.

Haj Qasem

The Haj Qasem is a missile that was released on the 20th of August 2020. It is named after Qasem Soleimani, the former Quds Force commander before being killed by the US.
The missile has a range of 1400 km and weighs 500 kg. It is called the next generation of the Fateh 110 and can bypass advanced missile defense systems.
The release of the Abu Mahdi and Haj Qasem missiles came 1 day after the US planned to issue UN sanctions against the country.

Husayniyah

Husayniyah is a village in the Al Madinah Province inside the west of Saudi Arabia which has a Zaydi majority.

Hizb ut-Tahrir

Hizb ut-Tahrir is a Islamist organization with the goal of creating an Islamic state to unite all Muslims under the Sharia.
The group was created in 1953 by Taql al-Din al-Nabhani in Jerusalem

by a Palestinian Islamic Scholar taught in Egypt. He made a draft for the creation of the caliphate. The organization believes that there is always war with the kuffar (non Muslims) with Muslims. They believe Jihad is a duty to prevent disbelief until everybody becomes Muslims. They also advocate for the removal of rulers who do kufr (act that makes them non Muslim) which is a step that is required until Islam can spread globally.

<br>

Abu Ubayda

Abu Ubayda was one of the companions of the Prophet. He is known for being one of the ten people who Paradise was promised to. He was born in 583 in Mecca and died in 639 in the Plague of Amwas.

Mission to Mars

Mission to Mars is a 2000 American Canadian French science fiction adventure movie directed by Brian De Palma and was based on the Disney's theme park of the same name. It stars Gary Sinise, Tim Robbins, Don Cheadle, Connie Nielsen, Jerry O'Connell, Kim Delaney, Armin Mueller-Stahl and Bill Timoney. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.


Australia surfing

The first surfing references were found in Polynesia. Cave painting from the 12th Century show people riding on waves. In the course of seafarings, Polynesians brought surfing to Hawaii and the sport went viral. Surfing in Hawaii wasn't only a sport but also an important part of the religion.

In Polynesian culture, surfing was an important activity. Modern surfing as we know it today is thought to have originated in Hawaii. The history of surfing dates to c. AD 400 in Polynesia, where Polynesians began to make their way to the Hawaiian Islands from Tahiti and the Marquesas Islands.
Minor in Possession

In the United States, if someone under 21 years of age has or drinks alcohol, it's against the law. This law is called "Minor in Possession" or "MIP" and is usually a misdemeanor. If anyone under the age of 21 has or drinks alcohol, except in special cases, they are breaking the law. Punishments for people under 21 years of age caught with alcohol differ around the United States. Each state has its own rules for the drinking age and only local or state officials can give out tickets for underage drinking. Every state has different fines and consequences for minors caught with alcohol.

113 (number)

113 (number) is a 3 digit number. It is the 30th prime number, and it is standing between the numbers 112 and 114.

Bobasatraniiformes

Bobasatraniiformes is an extinct order of ray-finned fish from the Triassic. The four genera are "Bobasatrania", "Ebenaqua", "Ecrinesomus", and "Dorypterus". They also have two families: Bobasatraniidae and Dorypteridae. They lived in both marine and freshwater environments.

The most famous of them is undoubtedly "Bobasatrania". The relationships of this order with others is not well known. They are one of the survivors of the Permian–Triassic extinction event. They are durophagous.




Ebenaqua

Ebenaqua ritchiei is an extinct species of bobasatraniiform that lived during the Lopingian of Australia. "Ebenaqua" resembled a Moorish idol. Its dorsal fin was high. It had the typical sharp snout. It did not exceed 15 cm in length.

"Ebenaqua ritchiei" was described in 1983 based on fossils found in Queensland. It is a member of the Bobasatraniiformes, along with "Bobasatrania", "Ecrinesomus", and "Dorypterus".



Dorypterus

Dorypterus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Wuchiapingian. It is a bobasatraniiform with a high dorsal fin. "Dorypterus" is the only member of its family, the Dorypteridae. It has two species, "Dorypterus hoffmanni" and "Dorypterus althausi".

This small fish did not exceed 15 cm. The most unusual feature of "Dorypterus" was its dorsal fin, which was exceptionally high. "D. hoffmanni" has a long dorsal fin, while "D. althausi" has a short dorsal fin.

The type species, "D. hoffmanni", was described by Germar in 1842. On that same year, "D. althausi" was described by Georg Zu Münster.



Critique of the Gotha program

The Critique of the Gotha Programme is a seminal work by the renowned German philosopher, economist, and socialist revolutionary Karl Marx. Written in 1875, the critique represents Marx's analysis and appraisal of the draft program of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), known as the Gotha Programme.

The Gotha Programme was drafted during the unification congress of the SPD held in Gotha, Germany, in 1875. The program aimed to establish the ideological and political framework for the party's future actions and policies. However, Marx, along with his collaborator Friedrich Engels, found certain aspects of the program problematic and subjected it to critical scrutiny.

1. Critique on Lassalle: Marx's critique of the Gotha Programme is primarily focused on its perceived adherence to the ideas of Ferdinand Lassalle, a prominent figure in the German workers' movement. Marx, while acknowledging Lassalle's contributions, criticized his emphasis on state intervention and the role of the state in social transformation. Marx argued for a more radical approach that centered on the revolutionary overthrow of the capitalist system.

2. Labor Theory of Value: Central to Marx's critique is his reiteration of the labor theory of value. He criticizes the Gotha Programme for its failure to adequately address the issue of labor compensation and the distribution of wealth. Marx contends that under socialism, individuals should be remunerated according to their labor contribution rather than their needs or the principle of "from each according to his ability, to each according to his needs," as advocated by the Gotha Programme.

3. Critique of the State: Marx's critique extends to the Gotha Programme's treatment of the state. He argues that the program's endorsement of a transitional state characterized by "the dictatorship of the proletariat" is inherently flawed. Marx contends that such a state would perpetuate class divisions and ultimately hinder the achievement of a classless society.

Despite its initial reception, the Critique of the Gotha Programme has emerged as a foundational text within Marxist theory and socialist thought. It has inspired numerous debates and interpretations among scholars and activists, shaping discussions on the nature of socialism, the role of the state, and the organization of the economy.

The critique remains relevant in contemporary discourse on socialism and communism, serving as a touchstone for those seeking to understand and advance Marxian ideas in the context of evolving political and economic realities.

- Marx, Karl. "Critique of the Gotha Programme." *Marx/Engels Selected Works*, vol. 3, Progress Publishers, 1970. https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1875/gotha/

- McLellan, David. *Karl Marx: Selected Writings*. Oxford University Press, 2000. https://books.google.com/books/about/Karl_Marx.html?hl=de&id=yTWcAQAAQBAJ

- Sperber, Jonathan. *Karl Marx: A Nineteenth-Century Life*. Liveright Publishing, 2017. https://books.google.com/books/about/Karl_Marx_A_Nineteenth_Century_Life.html?hl=de&id=hBpSh9JYAKcC
South Capitol Street

South Capitol Street is a major thoroughfare in Washington, D.C. It runs north-south, dividing the city into east and west quadrants. Known for its proximity to important landmarks, including Nationals Park (home of the Washington Nationals baseball team) and the U.S. Capitol, South Capitol Street plays a significant role in the city's transportation network. Additionally, ongoing urban development projects have aimed to enhance the area's infrastructure and connectivity.
Umbrella organization

An umbrella organization is an association of organisations who work together. It may provides resources and often identities to the smaller organizations. It may deal with the government. It is sometimes responsible, to some degree, for the groups under its care. 

Leptomantis rufipes

The Malaysian flying frog or red-legged tree frog ("Leptomantis rufipes") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia and Malaysia. People have seen it 950 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that human beings have not changed. This frog lays eggs in foam nests on plants over water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but human beings continue to cut down the forests where it lives.

Stockton and Darlington Railway

The Stockton and Darlington Railway was a railway company in north-east England from 1825 to 1863. It was the world's first public railway to use steam locomotives. Its first line connected collieries near Shildon with Darlington and Stockton in County Durham. It was opened on 27 September 1825. The movement of coal to ships was profitable. The line was soon extended to a new port at Middlesbrough. Coal waggons were hauled by steam locomotives from the start, passengers were carried in coaches drawn by horses until carriages hauled by steam locomotives were introduced in 1833.

It was involved in building the East Coast Main Line between York and Darlington, but its main expansion was at Middlesbrough Docks and west into Weardale and east to Redcar. It suffered severe financial difficulties at the end of the 1840s and was nearly taken over by the York, Newcastle and Berwick Railway, before the discovery of iron ore in Cleveland and the subsequent increase in income meant it could pay its debts. At the beginning of the 1860s it took over railways that had crossed the Pennines to join the West Coast Main Line at and Clifton, near .

The company was taken over by the North Eastern Railway in 1863, transferring of line and about 160 locomotives, but it continued to operate independently as the Darlington Section until 1876. The anniversary was celebrated in 1875, 1925 and 1975. Much of the original route is now served by the Tees Valley Line, operated by Northern.

Marland Heights, West Virginia

Marland Heights is an locked off community in Hancock County, West Viriginia, United States.

HQ Sagittarii

HQ Sagittarii is a cold red supergiant star in the constellation Sagittarius, the star is located at around 54,000 light years away from earth

If HQ Sagittarii was placed into center of the solar system, that It's will engulf Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Ceres, and even Jupiter, Because HQ Sagittarii's size was 1,187-1,358 times large as the sun

IRAS 18477-0112

IRAS 18477-0112 is a red supergiant star in the constellation Aquila, the star is located at around 31,000 light years away from earth

If IRAS 18477-0112 was placed into center of the solar system, that It's will engulf Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Ceres, and even Jupiter, Because IRAS 18477-0112's size was 1,392 to 1,611 times large as the sun

V1943 Sagittarii

V1943 Sagittarii, also named HD 190643, CD -27° 14534, CP -27° 6937 or IRAS 20038-2722, is a red hypergiant star in the constellation Sagittarius, the star is located at around 15,000 light years away from earth

The name HD 190643 derives directly from the fact that the star is the 190,643rd stars in the Henry Draper catalogue, however, the star doesn't have HR numbers, Because the star is too faint to visible by naked eye

The name HIP 99082 derives directly from the fact that the star is the 99,082nd stars in the Hipparcos catalogue, and The name SAO 188923 derives directly from the fact that the star is the 188,923rd stars in the Smithsonian Astrophysical Star catalogue

If V1943 Sagittarii was placed into center of the solar system, that It's will engulf Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Ceres, Jupiter, and even Saturn, Because V1943 Sagittarii's size was 2,243 to 2,479 times large as the sun

Mingrelian language

Megrelian (Megrelian: მეგრული ენა) is a language of the Zan family within the Kartvelian languages. Along with Georgian, Megrelian is closer to Laz than to any of them individually — to Svan.

According to 1989 data, there are approximately 500,000 Georgians who consider Megrelian their native language, most of whom live in the Samegrelo region of Georgia. The region extends from the Black Sea coast near the Zegani and Kolcheti lowlands to the mountains of Svaneiti in the northeast and from the northwest to the east to the river Chkheri and beyond to the east. A significant portion of the Megrelian-speaking population (over 40,000 individuals) also resides in Abkhazia. A relatively large number of Megrelian speakers (over 100,000 people) live in the capital of Georgia. After the Abkhazian conflict, a part of the displaced Megrelian-speaking population (approximately 50,000 individuals) left for Russia and continues to live there. UNESCO included Megrelian in the list of endangered languages due to various threats.

Megrelian is written in the Georgian script and includes 33 letters of the alphabet, along with the rare letter "ჸ" (e.g., "ჸუდე" - house, "ჸორადილი" - window, "ჸუჯი" - ear, etc.) and the interdental sonorant "ჷ". Older written texts are primarily ethnographic literature. Several newspapers were printed in Megrelian between 1930-38, including "Kazaki," "Komuna," "Samargalos Chai," "Samargalos Tutumi," and "Makhorkhali." A certain amount of editorial work was done to revive the language, including the publication of Megrelian-Georgian and Megrelian-German dictionaries. Givi Eliava published a Megrelian-Georgian dictionary. In the 1960s, Kaka Zvaniani translated and published "Vepkhistkaosani" into Megrelian. Books in Megrelian poetry were published by Lasha Gakaria, Guri Otoia, and Giorgi Sichinava. Giorgi Sichinava edited the Megrelian literary journal "Jurnalioni" in 2000, and in 2006, the newspaper "Mapshalia" was published, which covered various topics.
Lucas Braathen

Lucas Pinheiro Braathen (born 19 April 2000) is a Brazilian-Norwegian World Cup alpine ski racer.

He will be representing Brazil, starting in 2024.

He is sponsored by Red Bull (as of 2024).

His most important results in competitions (as of 2024's first quarter)

Boca Ráton Championship Wrestling

Boca Raton Championship Wrestling is a professional wrestling promotion based in Boca Raton, Florida. Founded in 2022 by Neil Glazier and Matthew H. Maschler. Glazier, a former banker, serves as the vice president of BRCW.

BRCW held its inaugural event in May 2022 at The Boca Black Box. In 2023, Coastal Championship Wrestling along with Matthew Mania held it's first show. Wrestlers including former WWE, NXT, Impact, and AEW stars have joined BRCW. In its first year, BRCW crowned Lakay, a Haitian wrestler trained by Gangrel, as its first BRCW World Heavyweight Champion. BRCW's ""Challenge Accepted"" event was held on May 7th, 2023. The event featured multiple championship matches, including LAKAY winning the "BRCW Heavyweight Championship" and MJ Jenkins defending the BRCW Women's Championship against Deonna Purrazzo. A 25-man Battle Royal and appearances by reality TV stars, wrestlers from other promotions were also part of the event.

Felipe de Neve

Felipe De Neve ("b." 1728; "d." 21 August 1784), Spanish governor of California. Born in Bailén, Spain, Neve entered military service as a cadet in 1744, subsequently serving in Cantabria, Flanders, Milan, and Portugal. He came to New Spain in 1764, and saw duty in Querétaro he accompanied Juan de Villabla to New Spain. Neve's initial assignment was as sergeant major in the provincial cavalry of Querétaro. At that juncture Spanish efforts centered on attracting recruits into units of local militia, but Neve's enlistment efforts resulted in his being driven from Pátzcuaro (Michoacán)
(137108) 1999 AN10

- Asteroid 137108 1999 AN10 is a kilometer-length near-Earth asteroid and potentially hazardous asteroid of the Apollo group projected to pass Earth on August 7, 2027 (or 2026). It was discovered 25 years ago, by LINEAR, on January 13, 1999. It is VERY unlikely that the asteroid will collide with Earth for the course of many many years, with a percent chance of 0.0001%.

CEU Press

The Central European University Press, commonly known as the CEU Press, abbreviated as CEUP, is an academic publisher of the Central European University. It is in Budapest and New York City.

The CEU Press began in 1993, after the Central European University opened in 1991. Its language of publication is English.

Iraqi insurgency (2003-2011)

An Iraqi Insurgency started after the 2003 American invasion and the removal of Saddam Husayn from power. The insurgency lasted until the end of the Iraq War which caused another Iraqi Insurgency which lasted from 2011-2013. The insurgency was diverse with different sects and religions that would normally be enemies fighting against the US forces together. However this alliance later broke apart and later caused a civil war in Iraq.

Nika riots

The Nika Revolt

The Nika Revolt was a devastating event in Constantinople that threatened the life of and reign of Emperor Justinian. The event killed over a tenth of the population of Constantinople and destroyed half of the Great City. The Nika Revolt, the cause of all the death and destruction, is also called the Nika Riots and the Nika Uprising. The Nika Revolt was an attempt to overthrow Justinian, however, despite the name, which means victory, they did not succeed, and it ended in many tragic deaths and the destruction of Constantinople.

The Nika revolt started in the Hippodrome of Constantinople in January 532 AD. The term Nika is derived from the Greek word Nike, meaning victory. The rioters used the term Nika as a slogan during the rebellion. It began when members of the Blue and Green groups "caused a disturbance after a chariot race and were sentenced to execution and arrested for murder"(Cyril). Another direct cause was public discontent over the policies enacted under Justinian I.

The Nika Revolt was a response to the policies enacted under Emperor Justinian I, which caused public discontent. Justinian was criticized for his continuous taxation of the people and for allowing his appointees to enforce their will on the population without consequences. Vedran states, "These factors played a significant role in the uprising of the Blues and Greens, who allied with each other to overthrow the emperor." The policies enacted under Emperor Justinian I caused public discontent among the people, which played a significant role in the uprising of the Blues and Greens. They allied with each other to overthrow the emperor during the Nika Revolt.

Emperor Justinian had more pressing matters, negotiating peace terms with Rome’s nemesis, Sassanian Persia. He was also preparing for the grand event - the chariot races at the Hippodrome. But the factions, too, "were responsible for ensuring that the emperor was duly honored"(Cyril). Even though the Blues and Greens have been constantly clashing, they have allied. The mob first attacked the Praetorium, where the prison was located, freeing the prisoners and burning the building down. 

The next day Justinian returned to the Hippodrome in his last attempt to make peace with the rioters. He accepted new demands and got rid of the unpopular high officials. But this was not enough, as the riot continued. Some senators saw this as an opportunity to overthrow Justinian, "as they opposed his new taxes and his lack of support for the people of high rank"(Vedran). The rioters, now armed and probably controlled by their allies in the Senate, also demanded that Emperor Justinian dismiss the prefect John the Cappadocian, who was responsible for collecting the taxes, and the quaestor Tribonian, who was responsible for rewriting the legal code.  

Trapped in the Great Palace, Emperor Justinian was powerless to stop the revolt as the mob ran psycho, causing widespread destruction. Some of the most magnificent buildings were destroyed in the great fire that occurred as a result of the Nika Revolt, "including the Senate House and the church of Hagia Sophia, built by Emperor Theodosius"("All About Turkey"). On the fifth day of the riot, in the late afternoon, Emperor Justinian gave orders to Hypatius and Pompeius, nephews of the late emperor, Anastasius, to go home as quickly as possible, either because circumstances brought them to this or he feared that the people would force them to the throne. They said that they would be doing wrong if they should abandon their Emperor when he found himself in such danger. When Emperor Justinian heard this, he inclined more to his suspicion and made them depart the palace instantly.  

As Justinian and his counselors contemplated over whether to leave the capital, Empress Theodora counseled resolve, although the speech is likely a rhetorical set-piece. Her speech changed Justinian’s mind so he did not leave the capital but stayed to defend his reign. Because of her speech, Justinian and Theodora did not lose their purple (royalty) but saved their reign over the Byzantine Empire for another 33 years. Theodora’s speech at one of Justinian’s council meetings concluded:

"My opinion then is that the present time, above all others, is inopportune for flight, even though it brings safety. For a while, it is impossible for a man who has seen the light not also to die for one who has been an emperor, it is unendurable to be a fugitive. May I never be separated from this purple, and may I not live that day on which those who meet me shall not address me as mistress."

After the soldiers sealed all the exits, trapping the mob, a lengthy slaughter transpired. Justinian then dealt with the ringleaders, including his challenger Hypatius, who was executed.  The Nika Revolt caused lots of death: "By the end of the day, some 30,000 people lay dead" (Robert). The Nika Riot represented a week-long rebellion in Constantinople in response to the rule of Justinian I. The Nika Riot was a devastating event that threatened the life and reign of Justinian.

After the failure of the Nika Riots, the power of circus factions was crushed for good. The Greens and Blues retained only the ceremonial function. Justinian finally removed the threat "of the great and devastating Nika Revolt"("Britannica"). Now that his position was secure, Justinian directed his attention to the rebuilding of Constantinople, and the realization of his dream to reconquer the West Roman Empire. The Nika Revolt was one of the most violent incidents in the history of Istanbul.

The results of the Nika Revolt were devastating. Over 30,000 people lay dead in the Hippodrome and throughout Constantinople, and the capital lay in ruins. There were a few causes of so much death and destruction. First, an emperor who taxed his people continuously and allowed his appointees to enforce their will on the population without consequences. Second, a population who no longer wished to see such a ruler in office. Finally, an empress whose words and ambitions had an impactful effect on her husband that resulted in the deaths of tens of thousands.
He Would Be Sixteen

"He Would Be Sixteen" is a 1992 song by country singer Michelle Wright and is the third single from her third studio album "Now and Then". It went to number 31 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 3 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks. It was nominated for a Juno Award in 1994.

Australosomus

Australosomus ("southern body") is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish from the Lower Triassic. 

Fossils have been found in Greenland, Kenya, Tanzania, Madagascar, South Africa and Canada (British Columbia). Most "Australosomus" species were marine, except the ones from Africa.

It is said that "Australosomus" was a small predator that ambushed other fish. As mentioned before, it lived in both marine and freshwater habitats.

A small to medium-sized fish, "Australosomus" had a forked caudal fin. The body was tapered and long. It had a dorsal fin and an anal fin, which was placed in a backward position.

"Australosomus" is from the Pholidopleuriformes, a small order of ray-finned fish typical of the Triassic.

"Australosomus" was first described by Jean Piveteau in 1930. The type species, "Australosomus merlei", was called "Pristisomus merlei" at the time by Ferdinand Priem.



Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet

The Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet models are a multi-role fighter aircrafts, derived from the McDonnell Douglas F/A-18A/B Hornets, The Key differences between the two is the increased wingspan (which was increased from 27.5 to 40.4ft) to make room for more weapons, the Intakes are different, the Classic Hornet, has rounded intakes, the Super Hornet has rectangular intakes. The F/A-18E is the Single Seat Variant, the F is the Duel Seat Variant, and the (which comes from the F/A-18F variant) is the Electronic Variant.

Origins of the Super Hornets were to replace the United States Navy’s aging F-14 Fleet, The F-14’s were getting old and the Classic Hornets were made to replace earlier models of the F-14. 

The testing and production went well for Boeing, the F/A-18’s were slowly phasing out the older F-14B’s, and from 2006 until the 2020’s the US Navy’s fleet was all Hornet variants until the F-35C Lightning II was introduced into the Navy.

All users of the Super Hornets are;

United States - Operating 512 airframes of the Super Hornet and 155 Growlers, all for the United States Navy

Australia - Operating 24 F/A-18F Super Hornets based at , and 12 E/A-18G Growlers based at , all are being operated by the Royal Australian Air force, Based at 

Kuwait - 28 F/A-18E/F Super Hornets on order, for the Kuwait Air Force

The Armament of the Super Hornets Includes;


Ansar al-Tawhid (Syria)

Ansar al-Tawhid (Supporters of Monotheism) are a militant group in the Syrian civil war. The group is mostly made up of former Jund al-Aqsa members and the group was allied with Al-Qaeda until May 2020. The group shows sympathy to HTS and Daesh with some of their members being former members of Daesh.

Mr. Crowley

"Mr. Crowley" is a 1981 song by English heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne and was taken from his debut studio album "Blizzard of Ozz". A live version was released as a single in the United Kingdom and the studio version was released as a single in the United Kingdom.

Boris Janicek

Boris Janicek born on July 5, 1973 in Villiers-le-Bel, France is a Franco-Israeli entrepreneur and business leader.

Janicek graduated from in 1999. Before that, he studied international law at the and .

He started working at L'Oréal in 1999, where he held various marketing and business development positions in different parts of the world, including Israel, the United States, France, Eastern Europe, and Central Asia. In 2008, he became a general manager in the Netherlands, and in 2011, he was appointed Deputy General Manager of the Professional Products Division for Europe.

In 2013, Janicek left L'Oréal and founded State of Brand, a company that advises on brand management. He worked on projects for the Estée Lauder Companies, focusing on the brand in India and the Middle East. Later, he joined Clinique, overseeing operations in the Benelux region and later becoming the head of the French subsidiary.

In 2017, Janicek became CEO of at the and received a nomination for the First 100 Days Award, recognizing outstanding leadership performance.

In 2019, he joined division to manage Wine Estates, which included vineyards in various countries.

Since 2021, Janicek has been based in Israel, where he returned to the Estée Lauder Companies to lead the Estée Lauder brand in the local market. He was later appointed global Chief Brand Officer of the Sabon brand within the .

Janicek has been involved with , a non-profit organization promoting diversity and equal opportunities in French society. He also teaches at and EDHEC Business School.

Misery and Gin

"Misery and Gin" is a 1980 song by Merle Haggard and is the leading single from his 31st studio album "Back to the Barrooms". It was used in the 1980 movie "Bronco Billy" and went to number 3 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 4 on the Canadian RPM Country Track chart. It was covered by Billy Dean in 1994.

Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun

"Set the Controls for the Heart" is a 1968 song by Pink Floyd. It was written by Roger Waters and is the third track from their second studio album "A Saucerful of Secrets". It was also used on their live album "Ummagumma". It was meant to be released as a single but it was vetoed by the band.

Red High Heels (song)

"Red High Heels" is the first single by American singer-songwriter Kellie Pickler.

The music video for "Red High Heels" was directed by Chris Hicky. The video premiered on October 26, 2006, on CMT.

Pickpocket (movie)

Pickpocket is a 1959 French crime drama movie directed by Robert Bresson and starring Martin LaSalle, Marika Green, Jean Pélégri, Pierre Étaix, Henri Kassagi, Pierre Leymarie.

If 6 Was 9

"If 6 Was 9" is a 1968 song by English band The Jimi Hendrix Experience. It was released from their second studio album "" and appeared on the soundtracks to Easy Rider in 1969 and Point Break in 1991.

Grace O'Malley

Gráinne O'Malley, also known as Grace O'Malley, was a remarkable woman from Ireland who lived from around 1530 to about 1603. She hailed from the Ó Máille dynasty in the western part of Ireland, and her father was .

After her father's death, Gráinne stepped into a leadership role, even though she had a brother named Dónal an Phíopa Ó Máille. She married Dónal an Chogaidh Ó , which added to her wealth and influence. She was said to have owned a significant number of cows and horses, around 1,000 of them!

In 1593, when English soldiers captured her sons and half-brother, Gráinne sailed to England to seek Queen Elizabeth I's help in getting them released. Her journey was a daring move, especially for a woman in those times.

Gráinne's life story mostly comes from English sources, as she isn't mentioned much in Irish records. In Irish folklore, however, she's known as Gráinne Mhaol or Granuaile and is celebrated as a significant figure in Irish history.

During Gráinne's lifetime, Ireland was undergoing significant changes due to increasing English control. Despite the challenges she faced, she emerged as a strong leader, a savvy negotiator, and a fearless fighter.

She challenged the norms of her era, defying expectations and doing things that few women dared to do. Her courage and determination made her a legendary figure, admired for her independence and resilience.

Gráinne's legacy lives on through the songs, stories, and plays inspired by her remarkable life. Even today, she continues to be a symbol of female empowerment and strength.

Her story resonates with people around the world, reminding us that women have always played vital roles in history, even when their contributions were overlooked or underestimated.

Gráinne O'Malley's adventures on land and sea captivated the imaginations of many, showcasing her as a true hero who defied conventions and fought for what she believed in.

Despite facing hardships and opposition, Gráinne remained unwavering in her pursuit of justice and freedom for her family and people.

She navigated treacherous waters, both literal and figurative, with courage and resilience, earning her the nickname "The Pirate Queen."

Gráinne's encounters with Queen Elizabeth I and her daring exploits at sea have become the stuff of legend, immortalizing her as one of history's most fascinating figures.

Her leadership and determination continue to inspire generations of women and girls to dream big and defy expectations.

Gráinne's story reminds us that strength and courage know no gender and that anyone, regardless of their background or circumstances, can rise above adversity and make a lasting impact.

Her willingness to challenge authority and fight for what was right made her a beloved figure in Irish history and a symbol of resistance against oppression.

Even in her later years, Gráinne remained a force to be reckoned with, refusing to back down in the face of adversity and always standing up for her beliefs.

Though the details of her life may be shrouded in myth and legend, Gráinne O'Malley's legacy continues to inspire and captivate people of all ages and backgrounds.

Her story serves as a testament to the power of perseverance, resilience, and the indomitable spirit of the human soul. Gráinne O'Malley will forever be remembered as a true Irish hero and a beacon of hope for generations to come.

Gráinne's impact extended far beyond her own lifetime, influencing artists, musicians, and writers to create works that celebrate her extraordinary life and achievements.

From Patrick Pearse's poetic lyrics to modern-day songs and plays, Gráinne's story has been immortalized in various forms of art, ensuring that her legacy endures for future generations to admire and draw inspiration from.

Today, statues, parks, and even ships bear her name, serving as tangible reminders of Gráinne O'Malley's enduring legacy and her enduring place in Irish history and culture.

Gabe Serbian

Gabriel Serbian was an American drummer, guitarist and vocalist. He became famous for his work in The Locust, Cattle Decapitation, Holy Molar and Zu. He was also a member of Head Wound City, a hardcore/punk rock supergroup.

Serbian died on April 30, 2022, the day before his 45th birthday.

American modern architecture

American modern architecture was a movement or style that occurred in the United States approximately between the 1890s and the 1980s.

The term refers to the buildings and architects of modernism or modern architecture in English, which had nothing to do with the meaning of the term (linked to "Art Nouveau") in the Iberian Peninsula, before the World War II, what is called in English "modernisme".

In some romance languages, such as Brazilian Portuguese, the term modernismo or arquitetura moderna is similar to its meaning in English.

The modern movement or international style does not have a homogeneous name in all countries and languages. In many, the term ""International" "Style"" is used.

A synonymous term is "“Modern Movement”", from the book "Pioneers of Modern Movement from William Morris to Walter Gropius" (1936), by Nikolaus Pevsner.

The word "modernism" comes from a book by Hitchcock and Johnson. They were the first to group and define the style of "modernism" globally, focusing on its design aspects. The International Style's main ideas are part of the larger modern movement.

Modern architecture uses new building technologies like glass, steel and reinforced concrete.

It believes that a building's shape should be based on its purpose (functionalism), prefers simplicity, and often avoids decoration and ornament (minimalism).

Frank Lloyd Wright was a unique and independent US architect who did not follow any specific architectural group. He learned from Louis Sullivan in Chicago, who developed early skyscrapers and believed in designing buildings based on their purpose. Wright broke traditional design rules, creating famous "Prairie Houses" with simple, earthy designs and horizontal lines, reflecting the vast American prairie. His buildings, like the Larkin Building and Unity Temple, were innovative and did not mimic past styles.

In the late 1800s, the US saw its first skyscrapers, built due to limited land and new technology like steel frames and safer elevators.

The Home Insurance Building in Chicago, completed in 1883, was the world's first and briefly tallest skyscraper.

Early skyscrapers mixed modern structures with traditional decorations. The Woolworth Building, finished in 1912, was notable for its modern design and neo-Gothic exterior.

Architecture at this time was eclectic, often not reflecting the new technologies available.

In the 1920s and 1930s, Wright created an architectural style, separate from any movement. He experimented with houses inspired by Mayan civilization and modular homes. Wright called his design "Usonian," aiming for an ideal, organic community. The Great Depression impacted his work, limiting him to few projects like Fallingwater, blending architecture with nature.

Meanwhile, architects like Rudolph Schindler and Richard Neutra brought modernist designs to America, contributing significant works like the Lovell Beach House and Kaufmann Desert House. 

In the 1930s, fleeing the Nazis after the closure of the Bauhaus, architects and artists such as Mies van der Rohe, Moholy-Nagy, and others went to US, founded the "New Bauhaus" in Chicago and taught at several university centers, such as Black Mountain College.

The International Style started in Europe with the Bauhaus in the late 1920s. By 1932, it was officially recognized and named by Philip Johnson and Henry-Russell Hitchcock. Originally, it aimed to combine craftsmanship and architecture, but later focused more on using materials like glass and concrete, leading to the construction of many skyscrapers.

Walter Gropius founded the Bauhaus and later moved to the US, influencing architecture at Harvard with Marcel Breuer. Their work and teaching, especially with students like I.M. Pei and Philip Johnson, shaped modern architecture.

Gropius's notable projects include the Harvard Graduate School of Design and the Pan American Airways headquarters.

Mies van der Rohe, another key figure, advanced modern architecture in Chicago, creating iconic buildings like the Farnsworth House and the Seagram Building. As director of the school of architecture at what is now the Illinois Institute of Technology influenced architects like Philip Johnson and Eero Saarinen.

Richard Neutra and Eames couple were key in bringing the new architectural style to US homes.

The Eames House, their most famous work, showcases Japanese influences with its simple, natural materials and steel structure.

Neutra's work in Los Angeles emphasized the transition between indoors and outdoors through glass walls. His Constance Perkins House used affordable materials and was designed with the owner's stature in mind, featuring a unique reflecting pool. 

Many of the notable modern buildings of the post-war years were produced by two mega-architectural agencies.

The company Skidmore, Owings & Merrill was founded in Chicago in 1936 by Louis Skidmore and Nathaniel Owings, and joined in 1939 by engineer John Merrill, soon becoming SOM. His first major project was the "Oak Ridge National Laboratory" in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, the gigantic government facility that produced plutonium for the first nuclear weapons. The company's later buildings include Yale University 's Beinecke Library (1963), the Willis Tower, formerly "the Sears Tower" in Chicago (1973), and One World Trade Center in New York (2013), which replaced the building destroyed in September 11, 2001.

Wallace Harrison played an important role in the history of modern New York architecture; he helped design Rockefeller Center, the premier "Art Deco" architectural project of the 1930s. He was supervising architect of the 1939-40 New York World's Fair and, with his partner Max Abramowitz, was the builder of the UN headquarters; Harrison led a committee of international architects, which included Oscar Niemeyer and Le Corbusier. 

Wright was 80 in 1947; he was present at the beginnings of modern American architecture and influenced it, but never aligning with any movement. His notable last work includes the Florida Southern College campus, completed between 1941 and 1943, featuring nine buildings known as "The Child of the Sun." Wright aimed for the campus to symbolize growth and harmony with nature.

Frank Lloyd Wright designed other notable projects in the 1940s, including the Johnson Wax headquarters and Bartlesville Tower, featuring a unique structure with a central core. He adapted a New York City apartment building design for Oklahoma, emphasizing its stand-alone feature in a less crowded setting. Wright's innovative approach also led to the design of the Guggenheim Museum, a revolutionary spiral ramp museum, started in 1946 and completed in 1959, the year he passed away. His work influenced architecture locally and internationally, with others (like Fred Bassetti) following the international style. 



Digital Counters

A digital counter is an electronic device that keeps track of how many times something happens. It is a special counting tool that works with electrical signals instead of fingers or beads.

Imagine a machine that fills bottles with juice. A digital counter could be used to count the number of bottles filled. Each time a bottle is filled, the counter would tick up by one. 


The two main types are synchronous and asynchronous.

 * Computers (keeping track of instructions)
 * TVs (changing channels)

In short, digital counters are a fundamental part of many electronic devices, helping them keep track of events and processes.
Right to Buy

The Housing Act 1980 gave tenants in the United Kingdom the Right to Buy their home at a large discount. Gerald Kaufman, then in the Labour Party Shadow Cabinet and a former Environment Minister himself, said the Act would "not provide a single new home and [would] deprive many homeless people or families living in tower blocks from getting suitable accommodation".

More than 2 million homes had been bought by 2024. Very few homes to rent had been built to replace them. 

Orange Polska

Orange Polska (formerly Telekomunikacja Polska) is a Polish telecommunications provider established in December 1991. It is a public company traded on the Warsaw Stock Exchange, with a controlling stake owned by Orange S.A., which controls over 50%. It operates public telephones, ISDN, GSM 900/1800 network (+ 3G , 4G and 5G ), ADSL, IDSL, fibre Internet, ATM and Inmarsat.

Telekomunikacja Polska was started in December 1991 as a joint stock company under the control of the State Treasury, following the split-up of the communist era state-owned Polska Poczta, Telegraf i Telefon. On 1 January 1992, the company began operations under the name of 'TP SA'. The company changed its ownership structure in 1998 and began trading on the Warsaw Stock Exchange in 2000. In the same year, the Treasury sold a 35% stake in TPSA to a consortium of France Télécom and Kulczyk Holding, with the consortium increasing its stake by a further 12.5% in 2001.

On 21 December 2007, TP SA was fined PLN 75 million (approximately EUR 20.7 million) by the for discriminating against its competitors on the internet services market.

It was fully privatised in May 2010.

Ellimmichthyiformes

Ellimmichthyiformes is an extinct order of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Lower Cretaceous to the Oligocene. It is related to the order Clupeiformes. They are also known as double-armored herrings.

This lineage was ultimately demolished by the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event. The last genus, "Guiclupea", was a freshwater fish. It was also the youngest of them all.

The ellimmichthyiforms were small and most genera did not exceed 10 cm. One of the most famous and well-known genera was "Diplomystus". Some of the representatives had strange shapes. For example, "Rhombichthys" had a deep body.


"Diplomystus" is possibly the most famous genus of the Ellimmichthyiformes. It was a freshwater fish. It had seven species.

"Rhombichthys" was a bizarre-looking fish. It had a very deep body because of its high dorsal fin.

"Armigatus" lived during the Cretaceous. It means "bearer of armor". It did not exceed 10 cm in length.

"Gasteroclupea" resembled a fish of the genus "Pristigaster". This was mainly due to convergent evolution, so it is not related to "Pristigaster".


Climate of Belgium

Belgium is a small country located in Europe, it has a mostly continental climate, especially in the Belgian Ardennes. However the Belgian coast experiences an oceanic climate.

The highest temperature ever recorded in Belgium was on 25 July 2019 in Begijnendijk. 

The lowest temperature ever recorded in Belgium was on 20 January 1940 in Rochefort. 

The highest 24-hour precipitation sum recorded in Belgium was 179 millimeters on 14 July 2021 in Stavelot.

The highest wind gust ever recorded in Belgium was on 25 January 1990 in Beauvechain. 

Sole-shareholder company of the State Treasury

A Sole-shareholder company of the State Treasury is a company established in Poland. These companies were set up to commercialize the state-owned businesses after the end of communism in Poland.

The assets of the state-owned enterprise became the assets of the company, and the sum of the company's share capital and supplementary capital is equal to the funds of the state-owned enterprise. Employees of a commercialized enterprise became, by law, employees of the company. Employees of an enterprise transformed into a joint-stock company had the right to acquire 15% of shares owned by the State Treasury free of charge. The same privilege applies to suppliers of raw materials to the company.

A significant number of state-owned companies inherited from the Polish People's Republic are criticized as unprofitable and encouraging nepotism  and the extortion of public money .

In 2012, there were 223 companies in which the rights from shares were exercised by the Minister of the Treasury..

Free area of the Republic of China

The Free Area of the Republic of China or simply Taiwan Area is the term used to refer to territories that are not under the control of the People's Republic of China and the Chinese Communist Party since the end of the Chinese Civil War in 1949.


Government of Poland

The Government of Poland is a parliamentary representative democratic republic. The president is the head of state and the prime minister is the head of government. It has been called semi-presidential.

It is a multi-party system, where the president and the Government, which consists of the Council of Ministers is led by the prime minister. Its members are mostly chosen from the majority party or coalition, in the "Sejm". The government is formally announced by the president after an election, and must pass a motion of confidence in the "Sejm" within two weeks.

Legislative power is in the two chambers of parliament, "Sejm" and Senate. Members of Sejm are elected by proportional representation. Non-ethnic-minority parties must gain at least 5% of the national vote to enter the lower house. Currently five parties are represented. Parliamentary elections are at least every four years.

The president, as the head of state, is the supreme commander of the Armed Forces. They have the power to veto legislation passed by parliament, which may be overridden by a majority of three fifths. They can dissolve the parliament under certain conditions. Presidential elections are every five years. When a majority of voters support the same candidate, that candidate is declared the winner, while when there is no majority, the top two candidates participate in a runoff election.

The political system is defined in the Polish Constitution, which also guarantees a wide range of individual freedoms. The judicial branch plays a minor role in politics, apart from the Constitutional Tribunal, which can annul laws that violate the freedoms guaranteed in the constitution.

William J. Rapaport

William J. Rapaport is a philosopher who is an Associate Professor Emeritus of the University at Buffalo.
Buzz (mascot)

Buzz is the current mascot of the Georgia Institute of Technology. 

He is portrayed as a Yellow Jacket with yellow-and-black stripes, wearing white gloves, and converse shoes.
Shotgun (George Ezra song)

"Shotgun" is a 2018 song by George Ezra and is the third single from his second studio album "Staying at Tamara's". It topped the single charts in Australia, Belgium, Ireland, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. It went to number 2 in Denmark, number 3 in Israel and the Netherlands, number 4 in Austria and Switzerland and number 12 in Germany.

New Cambria, Missouri

New Cambria is a city in Macon County, Missouri, United States.

Democratic Left Alliance (Poland)

The Democratic Left Alliance was a social-democratic political party in Poland. It was formed on 9 July 1991 as an electoral alliance of centre-left parties. It became a single party on 15 April 1999. It was the major coalition party in Poland between 1993 and 1997, and between 2001 and 2005, with four Prime ministers coming from the party: Józef Oleksy, Włodzimierz Cimoszewicz, Leszek Miller and Marek Belka. It then faded into opposition, overshadowed by the rise of Civic Platform and Law and Justice.

In February 2020, the party initiated a process to absorb the Spring party, choosing the name New Left (), and changing to a more modern logo.

The party was a member of the Party of European Socialists and Progressive Alliance.

Abortion in France

Abortion in France is legal when asked for until 14 weeks after conception, which is 16 weeks after the pregnant woman's last menstrual period). Abortions at later stages of pregnancy up until birth are allowed if two physicians agree that the abortion will be done to prevent harm to the physical or mental health of the pregnant woman or a risk to the life of the pregnant woman, or that the child will have a very bad illness that has no cure.

Several reforms happened in the 21st century, making access to abortion easier. The ten-week limit was extended to fourteen weeks in 2022. Since 2001, minors do not need parental consent. A pregnant girl under the age of 18 can ask for an abortion without asking her parents first if she is brought to the clinic by an adult that she chose. That adult must not tell her parents or anyone else about the abortion.

After the United States Supreme Court's ruling in "Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization", Mathilde Panot, French MP and President of the La France insoumise parliamentary group, submitted a bill to the French National Assembly. It was made to protect the right to a safe abortion for women in the French Constitution. It passed on a 337–32 vote on 24 November 2023. In January 2024, the National Assembly voted in favor of the constitutional amendment 433-30. For the amendment to be added to the constitution, it then passed through the Senate by a 267-50 vote in February.

On 4 March 2024, Parliament amended Article 34 in a 780 to 72 vote. This amendment made France, as of when the amendment passed, the only nation to guarantee the right to an abortion in the constitution. The amendment describes abortion as a "guaranteed freedom".

South Gifford, Missouri

South Gifford is a village in Macon County, Missouri, United States.

Polish United Workers' Party

The Polish United Workers' Party, (PZPR), was the communist party which ruled the Polish People's Republic as a one-party state from 1948 to 1989. It was based on the theories of Marxism-Leninism, with a strong emphasis on left-wing nationalism. It had total control over public institutions in the country as well as the Polish People's Army, the Ministry of Public Security, the Citizens' Militia police force and the media.

The falsified 1947 Polish legislative election granted the Communist Polish Workers' Party complete political authority in post-war Poland. The PZPR was founded in December 1948 by joining it to the Polish Socialist Party. From 1952 onward, the position of "First Secretary" of the Polish United Workers' Party was really Poland's head of state. Throughout its existence it was very close to ideologically-similar parties of the Eastern Bloc, like the Socialist Unity Party of Germany, Communist Party of Czechoslovakia and the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. Between 1948 and 1954, nearly 1.5 million people were Polish United Workers' Party members, and membership rose to 3 million by 1980.

The party's main aim was to impose socialist agenda into Polish society. The communist government sought to improve the living standards of the proletariat, make education and healthcare available to all, establish a centralized planned economy, nationalize all institutions and provide internal or external security with a strong armed force. Some ideas imported from abroad, such as large-scale collective farming and secularization, failed in their early stages. The PZPR was more liberal and pro-Western than its counterparts in East Germany or the Soviet Union, and was more averse to radical politics. Although propaganda was used in major media outlets like "Trybuna Ludu" () and televised "Dziennik" ('Journal'), censorship stopped working by the mid-1980s and was gradually abolished. The Polish United Worker's Party was responsible for the brutal pacification of civil resistance and protesters in the Poznań protests of 1956, the 1970 Polish protests and throughout martial law between 1981 and 1983. It started a bitter anti-Semitic campaign during the 1968 Polish political crisis, which forced most of the last of Poland's Jews to emigrate.

In 1980 the Solidarity movement emerged as a major anti-bureaucratic social movement that pursued social change. With communist rule being relaxed in neighbouring countries, the PZPR lost support and was forced to negotiate with the opposition and adhere to the Polish Round Table Agreement, which permitted free democratic elections. The elections on 4 June 1989 proved victorious for Solidarity, bringing 40-year communist rule in Poland to an end. The Polish United Workers' Party was dissolved in January 1990.

List of countries by income equality

Leptomantis cyanopunctatus

The blue-spotted bush frog or blue-spotted tree frog ("Leptomantis cyanopunctatus") is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, and Singapore. Scientists think it could also live in Brunei. People have seen it between 0 and 600 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in forests that have never been cut down and in forests that have been cut down and grown back. The forests grow in swamps, on flat ground, and up hills. Male frogs sit on plants 2.5 meters above the ground near streams and call for the females. Scientists believe that the female frog lays eggs in streams.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. The frog may be in some danger because human beings cut down the forests where it lives. Some of the places the frog lives are protected parks.

Sometimes people catch this frog for medical research.

Islamic University of Gaza

The Islamic University of Gaza (), also known as IUG and IU Gaza, is an independent Palestinian university. It was founded in 1978 in Gaza City. It was the first university to be founded in the Gaza Strip. The university has 11 faculties that can award BA, BSc, MA, MSc, MD, PhD, diplomas and higher diplomas. It also has 20 research centers and the affiliated Turkish-Palestinian Friendship Hospital.

The Islamic University of Gaza is a member of twelve regional and international associations and networks of higher education. These include the International Association of Universities (IAU), Mediterranean Universities Union (UNIMED), Association of Arab Universities (AAU), Federation of the Universities of the Islamic World (FUIW), Black Sea and Eastern Mediterranean Academic Network (BSEMAN), and the Global University Network for Innovation-GUNi.

The Islamic University was damaged in airstrikes during the 2008–2009 Gaza war, the 2014 Israel–Gaza conflict, and the 2023 Israel–Hamas war. In December 2023, Professor Sufyan Tayeh, the University's president, was killed in an Israeli airstrike on Jabalia refugee camp. His family also died in the airstrike.

Polish People's Army

The Polish People's Army was the second formation of the Polish Armed Forces in the East in 1943–1945, and in 1945–1989 the armed forces of the Polish communist state, the Polish People's Republic. It was under the command of the Polish Workers' Party and then the Polish United Workers' Party. The communist-led Polish armed forces, allowed by Joseph Stalin, were the result of efforts made in the early 1940s in the Soviet Union by Wanda Wasilewska and Zygmunt Berling.

During World War II, two armies of the Polish Army were formed, which included 10 infantry divisions, 5 armored brigades, a cavalry brigade, 2 sappers' brigades, 3 divisions and several artillery brigades and smaller units, as well as 4 aviation divisions. At the end of 1944, there were about 180,000. people.

After the war the Polish Army was reorganized into six (later seven) military districts. These were the Warsaw Military District, the Lublin Military District, the Kraków Military District, the Łódź Military District, the Poznań Military District, the Pomeranian Military District, HQ in Toruń, and the Silesian Military District, HQ in Katowice.

On 7 October 1950, the anniversary of the Battle of Lenino was declared the official "Day of the Polish People's Army" by the authorities of the People's Republic.

In 1955, Poland joined the Warsaw Pact military alliance , which was created in response to the inclusion of the Federal Republic of Germany in the NATO alliance. The agreement was signed on May 14, 1955 in Warsaw.

Council of Ministers (Poland)

The Council of Ministers of the Republic of Poland is the collective executive decision-making body of the Polish government. The cabinet is the Prime Minister, also known as the President of the Council of Ministers, the Deputy Prime Minister, who acts as a vice-chairman of the council, and other ministers. The current powers and procedures of the cabinet are in Articles 146 to 162 of the constitution. 

See also Ministries of Poland

Musquiqui Chihying

Musquiqui Chihying (born 1985 in Taipei) is a Taiwanese visual artist and experimental filmmaker who resides in Taipei and Berlin. He often employs media such as sound, music, and moving images to construct a narrative vocabulary, offering alternative perspectives on the interconnectedness of human condition and ecological environments. 

Chihying film works have been screened at various film festival, including Rotterdam Film Festival in the Netherlands, Taipei Golden Horse Film Festival, and many more. He is a member of the Taiwanese art group Fuxinghen Studio and leads the Research Lab of Image and Sound (RLIS), focusing on media technology and image politics research. Chihying has also developed the special historical circumstances of ethic and technological exchange between the African, Asian, and Afrasian Sea.

In 2019, he received the LOOP Video Art Award from the Han Nefkens Foundation and the Joan Miró Foundation in Spain. In 2023, he was awarded the Tung Chung Prize by the Hong Foundation in Taiwan. He was also nominated for the Berlin Art Prize in Germany.

Schwende-Rüte

Schwende-Rüte is a district in the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden in Switzerland. It was created on 1 May 2022 from the former districts of Rüte and Schwende.


Bernhardsthal

Bernhardsthal is a municipality in Mistelbach in the Austrian state of Lower Austria. The Lake Bernhardsthal is in the municipality.

The municipality has three villages (population):

Bockfließ

Bockfließ is a municipality in Mistelbach in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.

Ministries of Poland

The ministries of Poland are the various departments performing functions for the Polish government. Each ministry is headed by a government minister selected by the Prime Minister, who sits in the collective executive Council of Ministers. The powers and rules of the ministries were established under reforms carried out by prime ministers Józef Oleksy and Włodzimierz Cimoszewicz between 1996 and 1997. The cabinet can create, combine, or dissolve ministries, with the Prime Minister determining the scope and responsibilities of ministers. The number and titles of ministries varies.

At the end of 1991, after the first free legislative election was held, these were the ministries and offices with the rights of ministries in Poland:

There are also independent government institutions outside of the cabinet's responsibilities.


José Núñez de Cáceres

Jose Nunez de Caceres (14 March 1772 – 11 September 1846) was President of Spanish Haiti from 1 December 1821 to 9 February 1822. Nunez de Caceres was the architect of the short-lived independent state of Spanish Haiti (now the Dominican Republic), which was annexed by Haiti after two months.

European Green Party

The European Green Party, also referred to as European Greens, is the European political party that represents national parties from across Europe who share Green values. The European Greens work closely with the Greens–European Free Alliance parliamentary group in the European parliament which is formed by elected Green party members along with the European Free Alliance, European Pirate Party and Volt Europa. The European Greens' partners include its youth wing the Federation of Young European Greens, the Green European Foundation and the Global Greens.

Aspic

Aspic or meat jelly () is a savory gelatin made with a meat stock or broth, set in a mold to cover other ingredients. These often include pieces of meat, seafood, vegetable, or eggs. Aspic is also sometimes referred to as "aspic gelée" or "aspic jelly". In its simplest form, aspic is essentially a gelatinous version of conventional soup.

Francisco García Salinas

Francisco García Salinas ("b." 1786; "d."1841), Mexican cabinet minister and governor of the state of Zacatecas. García was born on a hacienda in the state of Zacatecas.
Wide Boy (song)

"Wide Boy" is a 1985 song by English singer-songwriter Nik Kershaw and is the second single from his second studio album "The Riddle". It went to number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Ireland, number 21 in New Zealand, number 27 in South Africa and number 7 in Australia.

7" single (WEA NIK 7)
A. "Wide Boy" (Remix) – 3:19
B. "So Quiet" – 3:12

12" single (WEA NIKT 7)
A. "Wide Boy" (Extended Mix) – 5:07 
B1. "Shame on You" (Remix) – 3:39 
B2. "So Quiet" – 3:07

Enola Gay (song)

"Enola Gay" is a 1980 song by British band Orchestal Manoeuvres in the Dark and was the only single from their second studio album "Organisation". It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in Spain, Portugal and Italy, number 14 in Ireland, number 31 in New Zealand, number 6 in France and number 47 in Australia.

The 12" single contained the same tracks as on the 7".

History of the Acadians

Title: The Acadians: A Rich Tapestry of Resilience, Culture, and Heritage

Introduction The Acadians, descendants of French settlers in the Maritime provinces of Canada, have a rich and storied history that spans centuries. From their origins in the early 17th century to their enduring presence today, the Acadians have navigated a complex journey marked by triumphs, tragedies, and resilience.

Origins and Early Settlement The Acadian story begins in the early 1600s when French explorers established settlements along the eastern coast of North America. These settlers, primarily from the region of France known as Acadia, forged a new life in the rugged landscape of present-day Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, and Prince Edward Island.

Cultural Identity One of the defining characteristics of the Acadian people is their strong cultural identity, which blends elements of French, Indigenous, and other influences. This unique cultural tapestry is evident in their language, music, cuisine, and traditions.

Expulsion and Deportation The Acadian experience is also marked by tragedy, most notably the Great Expulsion of 1755. During this dark chapter in history, thousands of Acadians were forcibly removed from their homes by British authorities and dispersed throughout the American colonies, Europe, and beyond.

Resilience and Rebirth Despite the hardships they endured, the Acadians demonstrated remarkable resilience in the face of adversity. Many eventually returned to their homeland or resettled in other French-speaking communities, contributing to a cultural revival that continues to this day.

Acadian Diaspora The Acadian diaspora, resulting from the Great Expulsion, led to the dispersal of Acadian communities across North America and beyond. Today, Acadian descendants can be found in diverse locations, including Louisiana, Quebec, Maine, and beyond.

Cultural Contributions The Acadians have made significant contributions to the cultural landscape of North America. Their distinct music, including the lively melodies of Acadian folk songs and the haunting strains of Cajun music, has influenced musicians around the world.

Language and Literature The Acadian French dialect, known as "Chiac," is a vibrant expression of the Acadian identity. Acadian literature, including the works of authors such as Antonine Maillet and France Daigle, celebrates the unique experiences and perspectives of Acadian life.

Religion and Tradition Religion has played a central role in Acadian life, with Catholicism serving as a cornerstone of community and identity. Traditional Acadian celebrations, such as the Festival Acadien de Clare in Nova Scotia, reflect the enduring importance of faith and tradition.

Acadian Cuisine Acadian cuisine is a delicious reflection of the region's history and heritage. From hearty seafood dishes to savory meat pies, Acadian cooking combines French culinary traditions with local ingredients and flavors.

Cultural Preservation and Revival In recent decades, there has been a renewed focus on preserving and celebrating Acadian culture and heritage. Organizations such as the Société Nationale de l'Acadie work tirelessly to promote Acadian language, culture, and identity.

Acadian Heritage Sites Numerous heritage sites throughout the Maritime provinces commemorate the Acadian experience and its significance in Canadian history. These include the Grand-Pré National Historic Site in Nova Scotia, which honors the Acadian presence in the region.

Acadian Influence in Louisiana The Acadian diaspora had a profound impact on the culture of Louisiana, where Acadian settlers became known as Cajuns. Cajun cuisine, music, and traditions bear the unmistakable imprint of Acadian heritage, enriching the cultural tapestry of the region.

Acadian Flag and Symbols The Acadian flag, with its distinctive blue, white, and red stripes, serves as a powerful symbol of Acadian identity and pride. Other symbols, such as the Acadian star and the fleur-de-lis, carry deep cultural significance for the Acadian people.

Contemporary Acadian Identity Today, Acadians continue to celebrate their heritage and preserve their cultural traditions while embracing the opportunities and challenges of the modern world. Acadian communities thrive in both rural and urban settings, united by a shared sense of history and belonging.

Acadian Festivals and Celebrations Throughout the year, Acadian communities come together to celebrate their culture through festivals and events. These include traditional Acadian music and dance performances, as well as culinary feasts showcasing the region's delicious cuisine.

Acadian Influence in Quebec The Acadian presence in Quebec has left a lasting imprint on the province's cultural landscape. Acadian artists, musicians, and writers contribute to Quebec's vibrant artistic community, enriching the province's cultural heritage.

Acadian Identity in New England Acadian descendants in New England maintain strong ties to their cultural roots while embracing the diverse communities of the region. Organizations such as the Acadian Cultural Center in Maine provide a hub for preserving and sharing Acadian heritage.

Acadian Education and Research Acadian studies programs at universities and research institutions play a crucial role in preserving and promoting Acadian culture and history. Scholars and researchers explore various aspects of Acadian life, from language and literature to music and folklore.

Challenges and Opportunities While the Acadian people have overcome significant challenges throughout their history, they continue to face obstacles in preserving their language, culture, and way of life. Economic changes, environmental concerns, and social dynamics present both challenges and opportunities for Acadian communities.

Acadian Leadership and Advocacy Acadian leaders and advocates play a vital role in representing the interests of their communities and promoting Acadian culture on the regional, national, and international stages. Through political activism and cultural initiatives, they strive to ensure the continued vitality of Acadian identity.

Acadian Language and Education Efforts to preserve and promote the Acadian French language are central to the cultural survival of Acadian communities. Bilingual education programs, language immersion initiatives, and cultural exchanges contribute to the transmission of Acadian language and heritage to future generations.

Acadian Identity in the Digital Age In an increasingly interconnected world, Acadians utilize digital platforms and technology to connect with one another and share their culture with a global audience. Social media, online forums, and digital archives provide avenues for preserving and promoting Acadian heritage.

Conclusion The Acadians, with their rich history, vibrant culture, and enduring resilience, continue to make invaluable contributions to the cultural mosaic of North America. Through their language, music, cuisine, and traditions, they celebrate their heritage while embracing the opportunities of the modern world. As custodians of a unique cultural legacy, Acadians inspire admiration and respect for their indomitable spirit and unwavering commitment to preserving their identity for greatness.
Fedayeen

Fedayeen (self-sacrificers) is a Arabic word used by militant groups who are willing to martyr themselves for a goal. The word literally means "those who sacrifice themselves" but is more commonly translated as self-sacrificers.

We Work the Black Seam

"We Work the Black Seam" is a 1986 song by Sting and is the sixth single from his debut studio album "The Dream of the Blue Turtles". It was released as a single in Germany, New Zealand and Australia. The song expresses about the miners strike in the United Kingdom in 1984 and 1985.

Mustafa IV

Mustafa IV (/ˈmʊstəfə/; Ottoman Turkish: مصطفى رابع, "Muṣṭafâ-yi râbiʿ"; 8 September 1779 – 16 November 1808) was the Ruler of the Ottoman Empire from 1807 until his death in 1808.
Phan Rang–Tháp Chàm

Phan Rang–Tháp Chàm, commonly known as Phan Rang, is a city in Vietnam and the capital of Ninh Thuận Province. 

What is now Phan Rang was formerly known as Panduranga, a principality of Champa kingdom.

Phan Rang - Thap Chàm city is located in the center of Ninh Thuan province, 1,380 km south of Hanoi, 330 km northeast of Ho Chi Minh City, 95 km south of Nha Trang.

Phan Rang - Thap Chàm city is divided into 16 commune-level administrative units, including 15 wards and 1 commune

Tháp Chàm and Phan Rang district has become a center for the maintenance of Cham culture. Much of the district is occupied by Cham people where they have rice paddies, orchards of grapes and peaches, flocks of goats and Brahman cattle.Their towers (the 'Thap') are beautiful memorials to their kings and queens. There are several Cham sites with dilapidated towers along the central coast of Vietnam and major sites in Mỹ Sơn and Nha Trang.

Phan Rang–Tháp Chàm is located at the junction of National Routes 1A and 27; the former connects the town to Hanoi towards the north and Ho Chi Minh City to the south-west, while the latter crosses into the Central Highlands towards Buôn Ma Thuột.

The city is also connected to the North–South Railway at Tháp Chàm Railway Station; express passenger trains (SE1/2, SE5/6) stop regularly at the station.


Kansas City (Leiber and Stoller song)

"Kansas City" is a 1952 R&B song by Little Willie Littlefield and was first recorded as K. C. Loving, the song later became a hit in 1959 as a blues track by Wilbert Harrison. It is one of the best songs by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller.

Finnmarksløpet 2024

Finnmarksløpet 2024 are three dog sled races in Norway's northernmost county. They started in Alta, Finnmark in March 2024. All the races have winners.

"FL1200" is Europe's longest sled dog race; It started on March 8, 2024. Teams started with 14 sled dogs.

Checkpoints and other places in the race,








Length of different legs of the trip,


Other checkpoints are 

The track is 570 km long. The race started on March 9. The winner is Ronny Wingren from Finland. The race ended on March 15, several days after the race had its winner.


 

The Narcissist (song)

"The Narcissist" is a 2023 song by Blur and is the leading single from their ninth studio album "The Ballad of Darren". It went to number 81 in the United Kingdom, number 33 on the Top 40 hot singles chart in New Zealand and number 34 on the Billboard Rock Airplay. It was their first single since 2015.

Medicine Bear

Chief Medicine Bear (Mato Wakan) was the leading Chief of the Pabaska (Cut Head) Band of the Upper Yanktonai Tribe, who together with the Hunkpati Lower Yanktonai made up the Ihanktowanna Nation. They were considered a separate nation from the Ihanktowanna Nation because the tribe was so large. Together they were considered one campfire of the Seven Council Fires of the Great Sioux Nation, a loose confederation of bands and tribes or nations within a nation.

In 1853-54 during a fight against the Crow, Medicine BEar was shot through the body, but managed to kill the one who shot him as well as his companion. His wound was very severe and by 1865 it had not fully healed. 

By the 1880s, Medicine Ber had seen that he needed to better the conditions on the reservation. He was asked by the agent where he wanted his permanent camp to be. Mato Wakan told the agent that he wanted to live by the river, so if there was no game his people would always be able to fish. This site is now the community of Fort Kipp. Mato Wakan was the principal Sioux signator of the 1886-1887 treaty, which led to the establishment of the Fort Peck Reservation in 1888.

His wives include the granddaughters of Crazy Bear: Iron Cradle, Small Earth, and Turtle door. There is also record of a wife named Her Bad Cane.

Medicine Bear kept a winter count from 1823 to 1917.
Crazy Bear
Sing Our Own Song

"Sing Our Own Song" is a 1986 song by English band UB40 and is the ninth and final track from their seventh studio album "Rat in the Kitchen". It went to number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in the Netherlands, number 7 in New Zealand and Belgium, number 76 in Australia and number 4 in Ireland. It was heavily censored in South Africa.

School (Supertramp song)

"School" is a song by English rock band Supertramp and is the opening track from their third studio album "Crime of the Century". It was released as a single in 1983 and went to number 27 in the Netherlands.

Nueve de Julio, Buenos Aires

Nueve de Julio is a city in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. In 2010, 36,494 people lived there.

The Nueve de Julio Airport is in the city.

Berghaupten

Berghaupten is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Włodzimierz Staniewski

Włodzimierz Staniewski (born in 1950 in Bardo, Poland) is a Polish theatre and film director, founder and director of the Gardzienice Centre for Theatre Practices. He is the author of international programmes, actor training, essays, and plays.

In 1968, Staniewski was a student in Polish philology at the Jagiellonian University . In 1969, he became a student of Krzysztof Jasiński's Acting Studio at the STU Theater , where classes were conducted by graduates of the State Theater School in Krakow.

He worked with Jerzy Grotowski , the founder of the Laboratory Theater, in Wrocław. They moved away from conventional theater activities and preparing subsequent performances in favor of intensive performative and anthropological research. He left in 1975 and moved to Lublin. He started the "Gardzienice" Theater Association.

Staniewski's acting method, known as theater ecology is seen as significant. As a director and author, he lectured and conducted master classes in many countries.

Ramesh Chakrasali

Ramesh L Chakrasali is an author and professor at SDM College of Engineering and Technology, Dharwad. He is senior professor at department of Electrical and Electronics engineering at SDMCET. He has authored several books such as "Basic Electrical engineering, Testing and Commissioning of Electrical Equipment and Electrical Power Utilization". He has been appointed as the principal of SDM College of Engineering and Technology (SDMCET) succeeding Dr. K. Gopinath, He is serving as the principal of SDMCET since February 2024.

Wilson, Pennsylvania

Wilson is a borough in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, United States. 8,259 people lived here at the 2020 census. Wilson is next to the city of Easton and is part of the Lehigh Valley metropolitan area.

It is named after Woodrow Wilson, 28th President of the United States (1913–1921).

Carancho

Carancho is a 2010 Argentine Chilean French South Korean crime drama movie directed by Pablo Trapero and starring Ricardo Darín, Martina Gusmán. It was nominated for the Un Certain Regard at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.


Jagiellonian University

The Jagiellonian University is a public research university in Kraków, Poland. Founded in 1364 by King Casimir III the Great, it is the oldest university in Poland and the 13th oldest university in continuous operation in the world. It is regarded as Poland's most famous academic institution. The university is important for as well as a significant contributor to the intellectual heritage of Europe.

The campus is in the middle of Kraków. The university consists of thirteen main faculties, and three faculties composing the Collegium Medicum. It employs roughly 4,000 academics and provides education to more than 35,000 students who study in 166 subjects. The main language of instruction is Polish, although around 30 degrees are offered in English and some in German. The university library is among the largest of its kind and has a number of medieval manuscripts, including the landmark "De Revolutionibus" by alumnus Nicolaus Copernicus.

In addition to Copernicus, the university's notable alumni include heads of state King John III Sobieski, Pope John Paul II, and Andrzej Duda; Polish prime ministers Beata Szydło and Józef Cyrankiewicz; renowned cultural figures Jan Kochanowski, Stanisław Lem, and Krzysztof Penderecki; and leading intellectuals and researchers such as Hugo Kołłątaj, Bronisław Malinowski, Carl Menger, Leo Sternbach, and Norman Davies. Four Nobel laureates have been at the university, all in literature: Ivo Andrić and Wisława Szymborska, who studied there, and Czesław Miłosz and Olga Tokarczuk, who taught there. Faculty and graduates of the university have been elected to the Polish Academy of Arts and Sciences, the Royal Society, the British Academy, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and other honorary societies.

Polish Orthodox Church

The Polish Autocephalous Orthodox Church , commonly known as the Polish Orthodox Church, or Orthodox Church of Poland, is one of the autocephalous Eastern Orthodox churches in full communion. The church was established in 1924, to accommodate Orthodox Christians of Polish descent in the eastern part of the country, when Poland regained its independence after the First World War.

Autocephaly was finally granted by the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople in November 1924.

During the interwar period, however, the Polish authorities imposed severe restrictions on the church and its clergy. In the most famous example, the Alexander Nevsky Cathedral in Warsaw was destroyed in the mid-1920s. In Volhynia a total of 190 Eastern Orthodox churches were destroyed and a further 150 converted to Catholicism. Several court hearings against the Pochaiv Lavra also took place.

In total, it has approximately 500,000 adherents (2016). In the Polish census of 2011, 156,000 citizens declared themselves as members.

Big Break

Big Break was a British game show that aired on BBC1. It aired from 30 April 1991 and 10 August 2002. It was hosted by Jim Davidson and John Virgo. The show surrounded the game of snooker. It had people paired with professional snooker players. The person would answer general knowledge questions which gave more time for the players to score snooker points.

In "Big Break" there were three teams of two. Each contestant is joined by a professional snooker player. There were three rounds: "red hot", "pocket money", and "make or break". These names were puns from the snooker terms "red", "pocket", and "break". 

In "red hot" contestants are asked three questions. They are given 10 seconds of time to begin. Each right answer is worth another 10 seconds. On the snooker table, there are ten red snooker balls. The players have as much time as they are given to "pot" as many balls as possible. The two teams that pot the most red balls move onto the next round.

The losing contestant in the first round is given a secondary task, a trick shot. Called "Virgo's Trick Shot", the contestant would need to recreate the shot being played. When successful, the contestant won a prize.

The second round was called "pocket money". On a timer, contestants must answer questions based on the coloured snooker balls. On a correct answer, the snooker player scored points for each ball potted. There were double points for potting balls in certain pockets. When missing a ball, the contestant would answer another question. The pair with the most points reach the final round. 

The final round, called "make or break" had the contestant answer five questions. Each correct answer removed a red ball from the table. There was two minutes to pot all of the balls on the table. This included the time given to answer the questions. More prizes would be given to players who were closest to potting all of the balls. The grand prize was usually a holiday.

Climate of Spain

Spain has a mostly Mediterranean climate, however vast inland areas experience a continental climate, and coastal areas have an oceanic climate. 

The highest temperature ever recorded in Spain was on 14 August 2021 in La Rambla, near Córdoba.

The lowest temperature ever recorded in Spain was on 7 January 2021 in Vega de Liordes.

Cuba War

The Cuban war against the Spanish was the conflict that led to the independence of the island nation from the Spanish kingdom in 1898.

In 1895, José Martí led what was called "El Grito de Baire" or the Cry of Baire which led to the beginning of the War. In Cuba the war is called the Necessary War, while in Spain they call it the War on Cuba.
Samsung Galaxy S24

The Samsung Galaxy S24 is an Android smartphone series designed, manufactured and marketed by Samsung. It has the same display lineups as the Samsung Galaxy S23 series, with bigger batteries this time. The S24 Ultra is the first Samsung phablet made of titanium, like the IPhone 15 Pro.

Gertrude Rempfer

Gertrude Fleming Rempfer (January 30, 1912 - October 4, 2011) was an American physicist. She was a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. She was an expert in Electron microscopy .. She won a Howard Vollum Award. 

She graduated from Queen Anne High School. She studied forestry but switched to physics, at the University of Washington.

She taught at Mount Holyoke College, Russell Sage College, and Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. During World War II, she worked at the Naval Research Laboratory, and Manhattan Project at Columbia. She worked at Farrand Optical Company. She was a professor at Portland State University.

Leptomantis gadingensis

The Gunung Gading tree frog or Gading tree frog ("Leptomantis gadingensis") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it between 0 and 150 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is 29.5 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is brown. There is a dark line between the eyes and some darker brown marks on the back. There is some blue color on the sides of the body.

People have seen this frog near streams where the water moves quickly. It cannot live in streams that human beings have changed. The male frog its 3 m above the ground and calls to the female frogs.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because even though it lives in two small places, both those places are protected parks.

Transport in Poland

Transport in Poland involves air, water, road and rail transportation. The country has a large network of public transport, such as buses, trams and the metro. 

The country's most important waterway is the Vistula river. The largest seaports are Gdańsk, Gdynia and Szczecin. There are 3,997 km (2,480 mi) of navigable rivers and canals (as of 2009).

The most important airport in Poland is Warsaw 'Frederic Chopin' International Airport. Warsaw's airport is the main international hub for LOT Polish Airlines. 

In addition to Warsaw Chopin, Wrocław, Gdańsk, Katowice, Kraków and Poznań all have international airports.

Poland has a network of railways.. It is run by Polish State Railways. The rail network is very dense in western and northern Poland. The eastern part of the country has fewer railways. The capital city, Warsaw, has the country's only rapid transit system: the Warsaw Metro.

The only high-speed rail line in central-eastern Europe is the Central Rail Line. It is long, and was built in 1971–1977. It links Warsaw with Kraków and Katowice. 

Other high-speed lines:


Poland has of public roads, of which are unsurfaced (2021):


In recent years, the network has been improving and government spending on road construction recently saw a huge increase, due to rapid development of the country and the inflow of European Union funds for infrastructure projects.

Polish motorways and expressways are part of the national roads network. As of December 2021, there are of motorways and of expressways .

Shorty McShorts' Shorts

Shorty McShorts' Shorts is an American animated anthology short television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation. aired in July 28, 2006 to May 25, 2007 from Disney Channel. two of them several separated animated shows from "SheZow" aired in Hub Network and "Fish Hooks" also aired in Disney Channel.

in several shorts in several segments. 


Polish State Railways

The Polish State Railways (Polish: "Polskie Koleje Państwowe", abbr.: PKP S.A.) is the main railway operator in Poland. The company was founded when the former Polish State Railways state-owned enterprise was divided into several units based on the need for separation between infrastructure management and transport operations. Polish State Railways is the main company in PKP Group collective that resulted from the split. It has 100% share control, being fully responsible for the assets of all of the other PKP Group component companies. The group's organisations are dependent upon Polish State Railways, but proposals for privatisation have been made.

The PKP has been a tourist attraction for British trainspotters since the mid-twentieth century. The late withdrawal of steam power on the PKP system meant that Poland was an attractive destination for rail enthusiasts long after steam had ended on Britain’s railways. The last PKP steam shed in Wolsztyn has remained in operation as a result of this tourism and continues to operate regular steam hauled services.

Rab

Rab (, , ) is an island in Croatia. It is just off the northern coast of the Adriatic Sea. It belongs to the Primorje-Gorski Kotar County, in the Kvarner Bay.

The island is long. It has an area of . In 2011, 9,328 people lived there. The main settlement is the town of the same name. The highest peak is Kamenjak at 408 m. The northeastern side of the island is mostly karst.

Trainspotters

A trainspotter, railfan, rail buff, train buff, railway enthusiast or railway buff is a person who is interested in trains and rail transport systems. They have been common in the United Kingdom since the 1840s.

Trainspotters often congregated on stations platforms and adjacent to favoured railway lines. In the 1950s a trainspotting platform was erected adjacent to the main line in Finsbury Park to make room for the trainspotters who gathered there.

They often combine their interest with other hobbies, especially photography and videography, radio scanning, railway modelling, studying railroad history and participating in railway station and rolling stock preservation efforts. There are many magazines and websites for them, including "Trains", "Railfan & Railroad", "The Railway Magazine", "Locomotive Magazine", and "Railway Gazette International".

Road signs in South Korea

Road signs in South Korea are regulated by the Korean Road Traffic Authority ().

Road signs in South Korea closely followed Japanese and European rules on road signs until 1970s.

South Korea signed the Vienna Convention on Road Signs and Signals on December 29, 1969, but has yet to ratify the Convention.

Warning signs are triangular with yellow backgrounds, red borders and black pictograms.
Prohibition signs are round with white backgrounds, red borders and black pictograms.
Mandatory instruction signs are round with blue backgrounds and white pictograms.
Supplementary signs are rectangular with white backgrounds and black text. Most of signs are only written in Korean.
Direction and distance signs are rectangular with dark green backgrounds and white text. In urban areas, direction signs have dark blue backgrounds. The signs are normally written in Korean and English. In March 2010, Korea Expressway Corporation introduced a new type of direction sign for expressways. Currently, Korea Expressway Corporation changes old direction signs to new ones on their expressways. This new type of direction sign is exit guide based sign and its typeface has changed from Sandol Doropyojipanche (Sandol traffic sign typeface, which can be seen on the distance sign and direction sign below) to Hangilche (Hangil typeface). It also includes motorways.


Road signs in the United States

In the United States, road signs are, for the most part, standardized by federal regulations, most notably in the "Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices" (MUTCD) and its companion volume the "Standard Highway Signs" (SHS).
Regulatory signs give instructions to motorists, pedestrians, and cyclists. Signs including Stop, Yield, No Turns, No Trucks, No Parking, No Stopping, Minimum Speed, Right Turn Only, Do Not Enter, Weight Limit, and Speed Limit are considered regulatory signs. Some have special shapes, such as the octagon for the Stop sign and the crossbuck for railroad crossings. Some signs can be localized, such as No Parking, and some are found only in state and local jurisdictions, as they are based on state or local laws, such as New York City's "Don't Block the Box" signs. These signs are in the R series of signs in the MUTCD and typically in the R series in most state supplements or state MUTCDs.

The MUTCD's R1 series is for Stop and Yield. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD. The 4-WAY and 3-WAY plaques (R1-3) were deprecated in the 2009 Edition of the MUTCD in favor of the ALL WAY plaque (R1-3P).

The MUTCD's R2 series is for speed limit signs. Some state supplements and state MUTCDs place various speed limit signs in other series. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD. Speed limits in the United States are always in miles per hour. Metric speed limit signs in kilometers per hour used to be authorized but extremely rare, usually seen near the borders with Canada and Mexico, both of which use the metric system. They have been discontinued as of 2012. Many states, however, disallow the use of metric signs on state-maintained roads due to MUTCD restrictions, increasing the rarity of such signs.
The MUTCD's R3 series of signs is for lane usage and turn signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R4 series of signs is for the regulation of movement signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R5 series of signs is for exclusionary signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD. The most common of these signs is the do not enter sign.

The MUTCD's R6 series of signs is for one way and divided highway signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD. The most common of these signs is the One Way sign.

The MUTCD allows for three types of parking signs: permissive, No Parking, and No Standing. However, in most states, there is an additional more restrictive one, No Stopping. These signs are found in the R7 series of signs in the MUTCD. As all situations are not covered, several states and local governments have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD. Permissive parking signs allow for parking for either an unlimited or varied amount of time. They are often used in conjunction with parking meters and parking permits. They are specified by the MUTCD to be green on white. Local variations occur with additional information and slightly different designs. No Parking signs indicate that loading or unloading while temporarily stopped is permitted, but the driver must not leave the vicinity of the vehicle. Some No Parking signs display time restrictions, while others are permanent restrictions. There are also temporary versions of the signs, often of similar design to the permanent ones. These signs are specified by the MUTCD to be red on white, although local variations occur. No Standing signs indicate that stopping temporarily to load or unload passengers is allowed, but vehicles cannot be stopped at the location for longer periods of time, even if the driver remains with the vehicle. As with no parking signs, some restrictions displayed on the signs are permanent, and some are time-based.

The MUTCD's R8 series of signs is for parking restriction and emergency restriction signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R9 series of signs is for bicycle and pedestrian signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R10 series of signs is for traffic signal related signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R11 series of signs is for road closure-related signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's R12 series of signs is for weight limit-related signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R13 series of signs is for weigh station related signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's R14 series of signs is for truck route-related signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's R15 series of signs is for rail- and light rail-related signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's R16 series of signs is for seat belt and headlight use-related signs. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
Warning signs are found in the W series of the national MUTCD. They highlight existing conditions, such as a curve, school, dead end street, or traffic signal. They can also warn of possible danger such as bumps, bicycles, low flying aircraft, or emergency vehicles. They are either yellow or fluorescent yellow in color and, with a few exceptions, are usually diamond-shaped and sometimes have square or rectangular smaller signs or plaques associated with them. Most W series signs can also be found with orange backgrounds for temporary use in situations such as construction zones. Some of the temporary-use signs are for use only in temporary situations.

The MUTCD's W1 series of signs is for warning signs relating to horizontal alignment. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W2 series of signs is for warning signs relating to intersections. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W3 series of signs is for warning signs relating to advance traffic controls. The MUTCD provides options for graphic and text signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W4 series of signs is for warning signs relating to lane merges and added lanes, as well as lane endings. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W5 series of signs is for warning signs relating to road width restrictions. The MUTCD provides options for graphic and text signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W6 series of signs is for warning signs relating to divided highways. The MUTCD provides options for graphic and text signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W7 series of signs is for warning signs relating to hills. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W8 series of signs is for warning signs relating to pavement and roadway conditions. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W9 series of signs is for warning signs relating to lane transitions. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W10 series of signs is for warning signs relating to railroad crossings. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W11 series of signs is for warning signs relating to advance warnings. The MUTCD allows use of a fluorescent yellow-green background color for signs relating to non-motorized vehicles crossing the road. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W12 series of signs is for warning signs relating to low clearance. Metric low bridge signs in meters used to be authorized but extremely rare, usually seen near the borders with Canada and Mexico, both of which use the metric system. They have been discontinued as of 2012. Many states, however, disallowed the use of metric signs on state-maintained roads due to system restrictions, increasing the rarity of such signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W13 series of signs is for warning signs relating to advisory speeds. Speed limits in the United States are always in miles per hour. Metric advisory speed signs in kilometers per hour used to be authorized but extremely rare, usually seen near the borders with Canada and Mexico, both of which use the metric system. They have been discontinued as of 2012. Many states, however, disallowed the use of metric signs on state-maintained roads due to system restrictions, increasing the rarity of such signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W14 series of signs is for warning signs relating to dead-end streets and no-passing zones. As all situations are not covered, several states and local governments have additional signs for other types of situations not covered by the MUTCD. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W15 series of signs is for warning signs relating to playgrounds. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W16 series of signs is for supplemental plaques for warning signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W17 series of signs is for warnings relating to speed humps. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W18 series of signs is for warnings relating to no further traffic signs. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W19 series of signs is for warning signs relating to the end of a freeway or expressway. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.

The MUTCD's W20 series of signs is for warning signs relating to work zones. These signs are typically orange background ones used for temporary situations. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W21 series of signs is for warning signs relating to road work. They typically have orange backgrounds and are used for temporary situations. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W22 series of signs is for warning signs relating to blasting zones. They typically have orange backgrounds and are used for temporary situations. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W23 series of signs is for warning signs relating to slow traffic. They typically have orange backgrounds and are used for temporary situations. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W24 series of signs is for warning signs relating to lane shifts, where traffic is diverted slightly toward the left or right of the roadway, but the route is otherwise unchanged. These signs typically have orange background and are used for temporary situations. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W25 series of signs is for signs warning that oncoming traffic has an extended green signal at a traffic light. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
Guide signs include highway route markers (shields), which are reassurance markers, interchange signs, including advance guide and exit signs, and mile markers. Advance guide and exit signs usually feature control cities or other locations to help direct drivers toward their destinations. The position of the exit number plaque indicates right or left exit (and should indicate center lane exit).

Chapter 2F of the MUTCD deals with signs relating to tolls.

The S series of signs are specially designated by the MUTCD for use around schools. Some states have additional school warning-related signs in the S series, the W series of warning signs, and/or the R series of regulatory signs of the state supplement or state MUTCD. The adoption of the 2009 MUTCD required school warning signs to have fluorescent yellow-green backgrounds.

Railway modelling

Railway modelling (UK, Australia, New Zealand, and Ireland) or model railroading (US and Canada) is a hobby in which rail transport systems are modelled at a reduced scale.

The scale models include locomotives, rolling stock, streetcars, tracks, signalling, cranes, and landscapes including: countryside, roads, bridges, buildings, vehicles, harbors, urban landscape, model figures, lights, and features such as rivers, hills, tunnels, and canyons.

The earliest model railways were the 'carpet railways' in the 1840s. The first documented model railway was the Railway of the Prince Imperial (French: Chemin de fer du Prince Impérial) built in 1859 by Emperor Napoleon III for his then 3-year-old son, also Napoleon, in the grounds of the Château de Saint-Cloud in Paris. It was powered by clockwork and ran in a figure-of-eight. Electric trains appeared around the start of the 20th century, but these were quite crude. Model trains today are more realistic, in addition to being much more technologically advanced. Today modellers create model railway layouts, often recreating real locations and periods throughout history.

The world's oldest working model railway is a model designed to train signalmen on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. It is located in the National Railway Museum, York, England and dates back to 1912. It was in use until 1995. The model was built as a training exercise by apprentices of the company's Horwich Works and supplied with rolling stock by Bassett-Lowke.

Some people just have a train set. Other people may spend hours and large sums of money building a large and exacting model of a railroad and the scenery through which it passes, called a "layout". Some of the models are large enough to ride on.

Modellers may collect model trains, building a landscape for the trains to pass through. They may also operate their own railroad in miniature. For some modellers, the goal of building a layout is to eventually run it as if it were a real railroad (if the layout is based on the fancy of the builder) or as the real railroad did. They may build track-by-track reproductions of the real railroad in miniature, often using historic maps.

Layouts vary from a circle or oval of track to realistic reproductions of real places modelled to scale. Probably the largest model landscape in the UK is in the Pendon Museum in Oxfordshire, UK, where an EM gauge (1:76.2 scale) model of the Vale of White Horse in the 1930s is under construction. The museum also has one of the earliest scenic models – the Madder Valley layout built by John Ahern. This was built in the late 1930s to late 1950s and brought in realistic modelling, receiving coverage on both sides of the Atlantic in the magazines "Model Railway News" and "Model Railroader". Bekonscot in Buckinghamshire is the oldest model village and includes a model railway, dating from the 1930s. The world's largest model railroad in H0 scale is the "Miniatur Wunderland" in Hamburg, Germany. The largest live steam layout, with of track is Train Mountain in Chiloquin, Oregon, U.S. Operations form an important aspect of rail transport modelling with many layouts being dedicated to copying the operation of a working railway. These layouts can become extremely complex with many routes, movement patterns and timetabled operation. The British outline model railway of Banbury Connections is one of the world's most complicated model railways.

People may meet in clubs. Clubs often display models for the public and run exhibitions. One specialist branch concentrates on larger scales and gauges, commonly using track gauges from . Models in these scales are usually hand-built and powered by live steam, or diesel-hydraulic, and the engines are often powerful enough to haul dozens of human passengers.

The oldest society is 'The Model Railway Club' (established 1910), near Kings Cross, London, UK. As well as building model railways, it has 5,000 books and periodicals. 'The Historical Model Railway Society' at Butterley, near Ripley, Derbyshire specialises in historical matters and has archives.

Biberach, Baden

Biberach is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Durbach

Durbach is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Mahlberg

Mahlberg is a town in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Avize

Avize is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Rooms To Go

Rooms To Go is an American furniture store chain. It company was founded in September 1990 by Jeffrey Seaman and his father Morty Seaman. It is the third largest furniture retailer in the United States. It is headquartered in Seffner, Florida.

Dirty Sexy Money

Dirty Sexy Money is an American prime time drama television series. It was created by Craig Wright. It ran on ABC from September 26, 2007, to August 8, 2009. It revolves around lawyer and family man Nick George, portrayed by Peter Krause. When Nick's father mysteriously dies in a plane crash, he agrees to take his position as the Darling family's lawyer, while trying to discover who committed the murder.

Greggs

Greggs plc is a British bakery chain. It started in 1939 It specialises in savoury products such as bakes, sausage rolls, sandwiches and sweet items including doughnuts and vanilla slices. Its headquarters are in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange, and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. Originally a high street chain, it has since entered the convenience and drive-thru markets. It expanded between 2022 and 2024, starting to sell vegan food. It opened 145 new sites in 2023 bringing the total number to 2,473. It also increased the size of its existing stores. 

Sausage roll

A sausage roll is a savoury dish, popular in current and former Commonwealth nations, consisting of sausage meat wrapped in puff pastry. Although variations are known throughout Europe and in other regions, the sausage roll is most closely associated with British cuisine. It is usually eaten as a snack.

Sausage rolls are made from sheets of puff pastry formed into tubes around sausage meat and glazed with egg or milk before being baked. They can be served either hot or cold. In the 19th century, they were made using shortcrust pastry instead of puff pastry.

A vegetarian or vegan sausage roll can be made in the same manner, using a meat substitute.

Puff pastry

Puff pastry, also known as , is a flaky light pastry made from a laminated dough composed of dough and butter or other solid fat. The butter is put inside the dough (or vice versa), making a "" that is repeatedly folded and rolled out before baking. It takes a long time to make. 

The gaps that form between the layers left by the fat melting are pushed (leavened) by the water turning into steam during the baking process.

It was first made in France in the 17th century..

Walker Scobell

Walker Scobell

Walker Scobell is an American actor best known for his work in film and television. Born on December 30, 2008, in Austin, Texas, he has quickly risen to prominence with his remarkable talent and versatile performances.

Early Life and Education:

Walker Scobell was raised in Austin, Texas, where he discovered his passion for acting at a young age. He began his journey by participating in local theater productions and school plays, showcasing his natural aptitude for performing arts. His dedication and talent soon caught the attention of industry professionals, leading him to pursue a career in acting.

Career:

Scobell made his professional acting debut with a notable role in the 2020 film "The War with Grandpa," starring alongside veteran actors such as Robert De Niro and Uma Thurman. In the film, he portrayed the character of Steve Decker, the grandson of De Niro's character, whose mischievous antics spark a hilarious intergenerational rivalry.

Following his breakout performance in "The War with Grandpa," Scobell continued to garner attention for his acting prowess. He landed roles in various television series and films, showcasing his versatility as an actor. His notable television credits include appearances in popular shows such as "Young Sheldon" and "Walker."

In 2022, Scobell gained widespread recognition for his starring role in the highly anticipated film "Secret Headquarters." Directed by Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman, the film follows a young boy who discovers a secret headquarters filled with futuristic gadgets and embarks on a thrilling adventure. Scobell played the lead role of Jake, captivating audiences with his charm and charisma.

Aside from his acting career, Scobell is also passionate about philanthropy and using his platform for good causes. He has been involved in various charitable initiatives, supporting organizations dedicated to causes such as children's education and environmental conservation.

Personal Life:

Despite his rising fame, Walker Scobell maintains a relatively low-profile personal life. He values his privacy and prefers to keep details about his personal affairs out of the public eye, focusing instead on his career and charitable endeavors.

Recognition and Awards:

Throughout his career, Walker Scobell has received praise for his exceptional talent and performances. While he has yet to receive major industry awards, he has been nominated for several accolades and is widely regarded as one of the most promising young talents in Hollywood.

Filmography:


Television Appearances:


Philanthropy:


References:


This Wikipedia page about Walker Scobell provides an overview of his career, personal life, and philanthropic efforts, highlighting his contributions to the entertainment industry and society as a whole.
Imperial Household Law

The Imperial Household Law (皇室典範, "Kōshitsu Tenpan") is a Japanese law that governs the line of imperial succession, the membership of the imperial family, and several other matters pertaining to the administration of the Imperial Household.

The Imperial Household Law was passed during the Shōwa era on January 16, 1947, by the last session of the Imperial Diet. This law superseded the Imperial Household Law of 1889, which had enjoyed co-equal status with the Meiji Constitution and could only be amended by the Emperor. 

The revised statute is subordinate to the Constitution of Japan, which went into effect on May 3, 1947. It develops Chapter 1: Article 2 of the Constitution of Japan, which states: "The Imperial Throne shall be dynastic and succeeded to in accordance with the Imperial House Law passed by the Diet".

Jim Pattison

James Allen Pattison (born October 1, 1928) is a Canadian businessman, investor and philanthropist. He is the owner and founder of Jim Pattison Group. He is a billionaire, with a net worth of $5.7 billion in late 2018 according to Forbes. Pattison was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. He moved to Vancouver, British Columbia when he was 6 years old. In December 2018, Pattison received a star on Canada's Walk of Fame.

In 1961, Pattison got a $40,000 loan from a manager at Royal Bank of Canada and used it to open a Pontiac dealership in Vancouver. He would also invest his money in other businesses like "Guinness World Records" and "Ripley's Believe It or Not!".

Pattison would work to help bring Expo 86 and the 2010 Winter Olympics to Vancouver.

Lululemon Athletica

Lululemon athletica inc., also known simply as lululemon (spelled all lowercase), is a Canadian clothing company. They are known for selling yoga pants and other athletic wear. The company was started by Chip Wilson in 1998. The first store was opened in Vancouver in November 2000.

The company would go public after entering a initial public offering in July 2007. In 2022, the company posted a positive revenue of US$8.11 billion.

Johann Brandweiner

Johann Brandweiner (24 September 1894 - 7 January 1974 ) was an Austrian football player. He played for Wiener AC as goalkeeper. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
He played for Wiener AC and was part of the team which won in the 1914-15 season the Austrian championship for WAC.
In 1919 he played two matches for the Austrian national football team versus Hungary. 

Nude (art)

In general, the term nude refers to people who are not wearing clothing, or who are wearing less clothing than other people would expect. When talking about nude in the context of art, the idea is to show the unclothed human figure. This is known as the nude. In the visual arts, this can be a statue, such as the famous statue by Michelangelo shown. It can also be a painting. Nudity in painting is common. Often, painters made paintings that showed a scene of figures of mythology. The figures shown would often be nude, or wear very little clothing. The Ancient Greek were fascinated by people doing sports naked. In the Middle Ages, there was less activity, but afterwards, in the Renaissance it was more common again. History painting is about showing scenes of history, or of mythology. Very often, the figures shown are naked. 

Unclothed figures often also play a part in other types of art, such as history painting, including allegorical and religious art, portraiture, or the decorative arts. From prehistory to the earliest civilizations, nude female figures were generally understood to be symbols of fertility or well-being.

The Khajuraho Group of Monuments were built between 950 and 1050 CE. They are known for their nude sculptures, which comprise about 10% of the temple decorations. Only very few of them are erotic. Japanese prints are one of the few non-western traditions that can be called nudes. There, the activity of communal bathing in Japan is portrayed as just another social activity, without the significance placed upon the lack of clothing that exists in the West. Through each era, the nude has reflected changes in cultural attitudes regarding sexuality, gender roles, and social structure.

A book on the nude in art history is "The Nude: a Study in Ideal Form" by Lord Kenneth Clark, first published in 1956. The introductory chapter makes the often-quoted distinction between the naked body and the nude. Clark states that to be naked is to be deprived of clothes, and implies embarrassment and shame, while a nude, as a work of art, has no such connotations.

In modern times there was a change. This change was that the line between nude, and naked became less clear. One of the first artists to show this was likely Francisco de Goya. Between 1795 and 1800 he made two paintings, which are known as the "Clothed Maja" and the "Nude Maja" today. The paintings show the same model, in the same pose. In one paiting the model is wearing clothes, in the other, she is naked. In 1815, this painting drew the attention of the Spanish Inquisition. The shocking elements were that it showed a particular model in a contemporary setting, with pubic hair rather than the smooth perfection of goddesses and nymphs, who returned the gaze of the viewer rather than looking away. Some of the same characteristics were shocking almost 70 years later when Manet exhibited his "Olympia", not because of religious issues, but because of its modernity. Rather than being a timeless Odalisque that could be safely viewed with detachment, Manet's image was assumed to be of a prostitute of that time, perhaps referencing the male viewers' own sexual practices.

The meaning of any image of the unclothed human body changes with the context it is put in. What may be alright in one setting may not be in another.

In Western culture, the contexts generally recognized are "art", "pornography", and "information". Viewers easily identify some images as belonging to one category, while other images are ambiguous. The 21st century may have created a fourth category, the commodified nude, which intentionally uses ambiguity to attract attention for commercial purposes.

When it coms to to making a difference between art and pornography, Kenneth Clark noted that sexuality was part of the attraction to the nude as a subject of art, stating "no nude, however abstract, should fail to arouse in the spectator some vestige of erotic feeling, even though it be only the faintest shadow—and if it does not do so it is bad art and false morals". According to Clark, the explicit temple sculptures of tenth-century India "are great works of art because their eroticism is part of their whole philosophy". Great art can contain significant sexual content without being obscene.

In the United States nudity in art has sometimes been a controversial subject when public funding and display in certain places brings the work to the attention of the general public. Puritan history continues to impact the selection of artwork shown in museums and galleries. At the same time that any nude may be suspect in the view of many patrons and the public, art critics may reject work that is not cutting edge. Relatively tame nudes tend to be shown in museums, while works with shock value are shown in commercial galleries. The art world has devalued simple beauty and pleasure, although these values are present in art from the past and in some contemporary works.

When school groups visit museums, there are inevitable questions that teachers or tour leaders must be prepared to answer. The basic advice is to give matter-of-fact answers emphasizing the differences between art and other images, the universality of the human body, and the values and emotions expressed in the works.

Art historian and author Frances Borzello writes that contemporary artists are no longer interested in the ideals and traditions of the past, but confront the viewer with all the sexuality, discomfort and anxiety that the unclothed body may express, perhaps eliminating the distinction between the naked and the nude. Performance art takes the final step by presenting actual naked bodies as a work of art.

The nude dates to the beginning of art with the female figures called Venus figurines from the Late Stone Age. In early historical times similar images represented fertility deities. When surveying the literature on the nude in art, there are differences between defining nakedness as the complete absence of clothing versus other states of undress. In early Christian art, particularly in references to images of Jesus, partial dress (a loincloth) was described as nakedness.

1919-20 Austrian football championship

The 1919-20 Austrian football championship was organized by the Lower Austrian Football Association.

The "Erste Klasse (NFV)" was played with 12 clubs. SK Rapid Wien won the Austrian championship title for the sixth time. The VAS (Association of Workers' and Soldiers' Sports Clubs) prevented relegation of Admira through brilliant party discipline of its members during a vote about increasing the 1st class in the association. The 1st class took place in 1920/21 with 13 clubs. 

Zweite Klasse: SC Hakoah Wien

Diplomystus

Diplomystus is an extinct genus of double-armored herring from the Eocene of Wyoming. It was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1877. The type species of this genus is "Diplomystus dentatus".

"Diplomystus" possessed a laterally compressed body and a deep belly. The dorsal fin was halfway down the body. It looked a bit like a herring in appearance. It had a deeply forked caudal fin, much like a herring.

Some specimens are found with another clupeomorph called "Knightia". "Diplomystus" was possibly both a freshwater and saltwater fish. Some fossils of "D. dentatus" had prey inside their body. The bigger forms were active predators. The smaller forms were also predators, but they only ate smaller organisms.



Böztal

Böztal is a municipality in Laufenburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2022 from the former municipalities of Bözen, Effingen, Elfingen and Hornussen.

Val Mara

Val Mara is a municipality in Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was created on 10 April 2022 from the former municipalities of Maroggia, Melano and Rovio.

Blonay – Saint-Légier

Blonay – Saint-Légier is a municipality in Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2022 from the former municipalities of Blonay and Saint-Légier-La Chiésaz.

Bazoches-et-Saint-Thibaut

Bazoches-et-Saint-Thibaut is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Aisne department in north France. It was created on 1 January 2022 and consists of the former communes of Bazoches-sur-Vesles (the seat) and Saint-Thibaut.

Les Monts-Ronds

Les Monts-Ronds is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2022 and consists of the former communes of Mérey-sous-Montrond (the seat) and Villers-sous-Montrond.

L'Aiguillon-la-Presqu'île

L'Aiguillon-la-Presqu'île is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Vendée department in west France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2022 and consists of the former communes of L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer (the seat) and La Faute-sur-Mer.

Aÿ-Champagne

Aÿ-Champagne is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Aÿ (the seat), Bisseuil and Mareuil-sur-Ay.


Mareuil-sur-Ay

Mareuil-sur-Ay is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Aÿ-Champagne.


Aÿ

Aÿ is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Aÿ-Champagne. It is known for the production of Champagne.


Bisseuil

Bisseuil is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Aÿ-Champagne.


Altamira Municipality, Tamaulipas

Altamira is a municipality in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas. In 2010, 212,001 people lived there. The municipality has a total area of 1,666.53 km² (643.45 sq mi). The main cities are Altamira and Miramar.

Miramar, Tamaulipas

Miramar is a city in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas. It is the largest city in the municipality of Altamira. In 2010, 118,614 people lived there.

Altamira, Tamaulipas

Altamira is a city in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas. It is the second-largest city in the municipality of Altamira. In 2010, 59,536 people lived there.

Auchenorrhyncha

Auchenorrhyncha is a suborder of true bugs. It is also called the true hoppers. They include cicadas, planthoppers, spittlebugs, and other insects. 

Auchenorrhyncha has only two infraordera: the Cicadomorpha (the cicadas, leafhoppers, treehoppers, and spittlebugs) and the Fulgoromorpha (the planthoppers).

Baconnes

Baconnes is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Bagneux, Marne

Bagneux is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Le Baizil

Le Baizil is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Bannes, Marne

Bannes is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Barbonne-Fayel

Barbonne-Fayel is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Sports drink

Sports drinks, also known as electrolyte drinks, are sold with the claim that they help athletes replace water, electrolytes, and energy before, during, and especially after, training or competition. There isn't good evidence that they help sports and fitness performance.

Consuming too much or in unnecessary circumstances may damage health or performance. The drinks, or some of their ingredients such as sugar, may be bad for some people. Most sports drinks are isotonic, with 4 or 5 heaped teaspoons of sugar per eight ounce (13 and 19 grams per 250ml) serving. Some potentially harmful health effects of drinking sports drinks without prolonged exercise include weight gain, diabetes and damage to the teeth. These drinks are high in calories and sugar which contribute towards an unhealthy diet.<ref><nowiki>

Baslieux-lès-Fismes

Baslieux-lès-Fismes is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Llanfyllin

Llanfyllin is a town in Powys, Wales. In 2011, 1,532 people lived there.

Chai Saew Yuen

Chai Saew Yuen (born 10 June 1969) is a Malaysian taekwondo martial artist. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the bantamweight event.

At the 1988 Asian Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the -51 kg weight class.

Baslieux-sous-Châtillon

Baslieux-sous-Châtillon is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Bassu

Bassu is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Bassuet

Bassuet is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Baudement

Baudement is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Baye, Marne

Baye is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Bazancourt, Marne

Bazancourt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Seffner, Florida

Seffner is a census-designated place (CDP) in Hillsborough County, Florida, United States. 8,362 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Montgomery, Powys

Montgomery () is a town in Powys, Wales. In 2011, 1,295 people lived there.

Bohdan Sokolovskyi

Bohdan Ivanovych Sokolovskyi (12 April 1954, Oleksyntsi - 22 June 2021) was a Ukrainian physicist, politician, and diplomat.

He was born on April 12, 1954 in the village of Oleksyntsi, Borshchiv district (now Chortkiv district), in the Ternopil region of Ukraine.

He graduated from the Faculty of Physics of Lviv University in 1976. He worked in the field of experimental physics of special materials and special technologies, in particular, in the laboratories of the University of Marburg and University of Chemnitz.

He was a member of People's Movement of Ukraine, and the Ukrainian People's Party.

From 1993 to 2004, he worked as a diplomat at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine. He worked in Germany, the United States, Austria, and was the head of the Department of Economic, Scientific and Technical Cooperation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs

From 2008 to 2010, he was a Commissioner of the President of Ukraine for International Energy Security.

Weight gain

Weight gain is an increase in weight in the body. This can involve an increase in muscle, fat, excess fluids such as water or other factors. Weight gain can be a symptom of a serious medical condition.

Weight gain occurs when more energy (as calories from food and drink) is gained than the energy expended by life activities, including normal physiological processes and physical exercise.

If enough weight is gained due to increased body fat deposits, a person may become overweight or obese, generally defined as having more body fat (adipose tissue) than is considered good for health. The Body Mass Index (BMI) measures body weight in proportion to height, and defines optimal, insufficient, and excessive weight based on the ratio.

Rail transport in Belgium

Belgium has an extensive rail network. It is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Belgium is 88.

On May 5, 1835, the first railway in continental Europe opened between Brussels-Groendreef/Allée verte and Mechelen. Some sort of railroad or canal had been considered as early as 1830. The first trains were Stephenson engines imported from Great Britain. The engines were called "Pijl" meaning Arrow, "Olifant" meaning Elephant, and 'Stephenson' (named after its designer). . On the return from Mechelen, the "Olifant" pulled all 30 cars. By 1840, Ghent, Bruges, Ostend, Antwerp, Mechelen, Brussels and Leuven were connected. The lines that had to reach Liège, Mons and Kortrijk were partially completed. In 1843, when the major East-West/North-South lines were complete, private companies were allowed to construct and use their own rail systems. These were crucial in the industrialisation of the country.

In 1870, the Belgian state owned 863 km of rail lines, while the private companies owned 2,231 km. From 1870 to 1882, the railways were gradually nationalised. In 1912, 5,000 km were state property compared to 300 km private lines. Full nationalisation was considered at the time but did not happen until 1926, when the SNCB was started. It was named the SNCB ("Société nationale des Chemins de Fer belges") or NMBS ("Nationale Maatschappij der Belgische Spoorwegen"), named in a similar way to the French rail network, SNCF, which was founded 12 years later. In 1958 the network was fully state-owned. On 5 May 1935 the SNCB started with electrification on the line Brussels North to Antwerp Central, 44 km.

National Railway Company of Belgium

The National Railway Company of Belgium ) is the national railway company of Belgium. The company uses the Dutch and French abbreviations NMBS/SNCB. The corporate logo designed in 1936 by Henry van de Velde consists of the linguistically neutral letter B in a horizontal oval.

NMBS/SNCB is a government company, formed in 1926 as successor to the Belgian State Railways.

In 2005, the company was split up into three parts: Infrabel, which manages the railway infrastructure, network operations, and network access, the public railway operator NMBS/SNCB itself to manage the freight (B-Cargo) and passenger services, and NMBS/SNCB-Holding, which owns both public companies and supervises the collaboration between them. This was to facilitate future liberalisation of railway freight and passenger services in agreement with European regulations. Several freight operators can now use the Belgian network. In February 2011, NMBS/SNCB Logistics began operating as a separate business.

Leptomantis penanorum

The Penan flying frog ("Leptomantis penanorum") is a frog. It lives in Gunung Mulu National Park in Malaysia. People have seen it 1650 meters above sea level.

The skin of the frog's back is yellow-green in color. The iris of the eye is red in color with some gray.

People have only seen this frog in one stream high in the beginning of Sungei Tapin. Scientists think this is the only place where this frog lives. The tadpoles swim in small pools where the water only moves a little.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because, even though it only lives in a small place, that place is a protected park.

Brussels-Central railway station

Brussels-Central railway station (, ) is a railway and metro station in central Brussels, Belgium. It is the second busiest railway station in Belgium and one of three main railway stations in Brussels, together with Brussels-South and Brussels-North. First completed in 1952 after protracted delays caused by economic difficulties and World War II, it is the newest of Brussels' main rail stations.

Brussels-Central is connected to the rapid transit Gare Centrale/Centraal Station station on lines 1 and 5 of the Brussels Metro system, and serves as an important node of the Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company.

Antwerpen-Centraal railway station

Antwerpen-Centraal railway station (, ) is the main railway station in Antwerp, Belgium. It is one of the most important hubs in the country and is one of the four Belgian stations on the high-speed rail network. From 1873 to early 2007, it was a terminal station. The current building, designed by the architect Louis Delacenserie, was built between 1895 and 1905. On 23 March 2007, a tunnel with two continuous tracks was opened under part of the city and under the station. The train services are operated by the National Railway Company of Belgium.

The station is widely regarded as the finest example of railway architecture in Belgium, although it is not a particular architectural style. The vast dome above the waiting room hall made it be known as the "spoorwegkathedraal" ("railroad cathedral").

The originally iron and glass train hall (185 metres long and 44 metres or 43 metres high) was designed by Clément Van Bogaert, an engineer. It covers an area of 12,000 square metres. The height of the station was because of the smoke of steam locomotives. The roof of the train hall was originally made of steel.

In 2009, the American magazine "Newsweek" judged Antwerpen-Centraal the world's fourth greatest train station. In 2014, the British-American magazine "Mashable" awarded Antwerpen-Centraal the first place for the most beautiful railway station in the world.

Leuven railway station

Leuven railway station (, ) is the main railway station in Leuven, Flemish Brabant, Belgium. The station is operated by the National Railway Company of Belgium (NMBS/SNCB) and is located on railway line 36. In 2007, it was the fifth-busiest station in Belgium, only preceded by the three main Brussels stations and Gent-Sint-Pieters railway station.

The square in front of the station houses a major bus terminal, as well as bicycle and car parking. There is a tunnel which passes underneath the station for pedestrians, as well as an overhead bridge with elevators. The station is fully accessible for wheelchairs.

While a high-speed line passes through the station, Leuven is not a stop on any high-speed route.

Gent-Sint-Pieters railway station

Gent-Sint-Pieters railway station (, ) is the main railway station in Ghent, East Flanders, Belgium, and the fourth-busiest in Belgium and busiest in Flanders, with 17.65 million passengers a year. The station is operated by the National Railway Company of Belgium (NMBS/SNCB).

Pawnbroker

A pawnbroker is a person or business that lends money to people. Here's how it works: if you need some money, you can give an item of value, like a watch or a piece of jewelry, to the pawnbroker. The pawnbroker gives you money in return, and you agree to buy back your item within a certain time period. If you don't pay back the money in time, the pawnbroker can sell your item to get their money back.

Poznań Główny railway station

Poznań Główny, anglicised to Poznan Main, is the chief railway station for the city of Poznań, Poland's fifth-largest city, and capital of the Greater Poland Province.

The station is located at a junction of Warsaw–Kunowice railway, Wrocław–Poznań railway, Kluczbork–Poznań railway, Poznań–Szczecin railway and Poznań–Piła railway. The train services are operated by PKP Intercity, Polregio and Koleje Wielkopolskie.

Wrocław Główny railway station

Wrocław Główny is the largest and most important passenger train station in the city of Wrocław, in southwestern Poland. Situated at the junction of several important routes, it is the largest railway station in the Lower Silesia Voivodeship, as well as in Poland in terms of the number of passengers serviced.

The station was built in 1855–1857, as the starting point of the "Oberschlesische Eisenbahn" (Upper Silesian Railway).

In 2018, the station served over 21,200,000 passengers. In 2022 it served 26,400,000 passengers.

Katowice railway station

Katowice railway station is a railway station in Katowice, Silesia, Poland, and the largest railway station in the Upper Silesian Industrial Region. Domestic and international trains connect at the station to most major cities in Europe; these are operated primarily by Polskie Koleje Państwowe.

During 1972, Katowice railway station was officially completed, having been built as a replacement station. It is in the centre of Katowice city. By the twenty-first century, Katowice railway station was being used by around 12 million passengers per year. The condition of the building had got worse over the course of 30 years, .

Around the start of the twenty-first century on average, around 520 trains per day were stopping at Katowice Railway Station. The railway station is only a few minutes walk away from the city's main bus station; this closeness serves to ease passenger movements between the two.

Antonio de Rosa

Antonio de Rosa is an concept and visual designer, living in Italy.

De Rosa began his career as a graphic designer for videogame in 1994. After graduating from Universita Degli Studi Napoli Federico II in 1996, he started his career trough several countries. During his time at Karma Wide, De Rosa also worked at Inside Srl (formerly Pico) as a trainer of Macromedia and Adobe.

After leaving KarmaWide, De Rosa became an art director at Mecotek Italia Spa in 2000. He also joined Telme as an executive manager in 2004 while serving as an art director at Mecotek Italia Spa. He left Mecotek Italia Spa and Telme in 2009. In the same year, Rosa founded ADR Studio Design and became its CEO. In this phase, he started to be recognized on the Internet for his concept regarding Apple products, like Apple iCam and Apple iPhone SJ, Apple iPhone folding design and Apple MacBook.

He has been one of the first to propose the concept of the Apple Watch (iWatch) in 2010.

Antonio chose an idea for Apple AR spectacles that pays respect to Steve Jobs's preferred pair of prescription glasses, the Lunor Classic PP, and has historical significance.

De Rosa was born on December 22, 1975, in Cava Dei Tirreni, Italy, and was raised in his hometown. He went to Istituto Tecnico per Geometri Vanvitelli in 1989, and then attended Università Degli Studi di Napoli Federico II in 1994.

Warszawa Centralna railway station

Warszawa Centralna (official Polish name since 2019 Dworzec Centralny im. Stanisława Moniuszki), in English known as Warsaw Central Station, is the main railway station in Warsaw, Poland. Completed in 1975, the station is on the Warsaw Cross-City Line and has four underground island platforms with eight tracks. It is served by the long-distance domestic and international trains of PKP Intercity and Polregio as well as some of the regional trains operated by Koleje Mazowieckie. Nextto the north side of the building is a bus station that serves as the central hub for night bus lines, and Złote Tarasy shopping center.
Warsaw Central was constructed as a flagship project of the Polish People's Republic during the 1970s economic boom, and was intended to replace the inadequate and obsolete Warszawa Główna railway station.

University of Silesia in Katowice

The University of Silesia in Katowice () is an autonomous state-run university in Katowice, Silesia Province, Poland.

The university offers higher education and research facilities. It offers undergraduate, masters, and PhD degree programs, as well as postgraduate, postdoctoral research, habilitation, and continuous education and training programs.

Warszawa Zachodnia station

Warszawa Zachodnia station, in English Warsaw West, is a railway and long-distance bus station in Warsaw, Poland on the border of Ochota and Wola districts. The railway station is the westernmost terminus of the Warsaw Cross-City Line. It serves trains from PKP Intercity, Polregio, Koleje Mazowieckie, Szybka Kolej Miejska and Warszawska Kolej Dojazdowa as well as international trains passing through Warsaw. It is one of the busiest railway stations in Poland, with over 800 daily trains.

Despite being one of the chief railway stations on the line towards Warszawa Centralna, there has been limited development of the station since its construction in 1936. However, the station is undergoing an extensive modernization between 2020 and 2023.

The station was built as part of the development of the Warsaw Railway Junction that was begun in 1919. Warszawa Zachodnia was opened in 1936 as the most westerly station on the Warsaw Cross-City Line. It was not until the 1970s that an underpass was built to connect the platforms and a station building was built on the northern side. In 1975, a platform for Warszawska Kolej Dojazdowa trains was added. In 1980, the south side of the station was developed, with a road underpass being built to connect Wola and Ochota and the long-distance bus station added. The Warszawa Wola railway station, built in the 1980s just away from Warszawa Zachodnia, on 20 May 2012 was joined to Warszawa Zachodnia station as Platform 8,for trains to Nasielsk, Ciechanów and Działdowo. In 2015 a new station building was opened at the southern side of the station along with several commercial office buildings, which among others host companies of the Polish State Railways, built along Warsaw's Jerozolimskie Avenue on grounds belonging to the station complex.

Go A

Go_A () is a Ukrainian folktronica band formed in 2012. The group is made of four members: Kateryna Pavlenko, Taras Shevchenko, Ihor Didenchuk and Ivan Hryhoriak. The band represented Ukraine in the Eurovision Song Contest 2021, performing "", and placed fifth in the final. Didenchuk is also a member of the Kalush Orchestra, that won first place in Eurovision 2022.

They only sing in the Ukrainian language, as a sign of independence from Russia.

The group's name, Go_A, combines the English word "Go" as in "movement" and the first letter of the Greek alphabet "" (Alpha) as in "the start". This means that the band wants to return to their cultural roots.

The group started in 2012, when the sound producer Taras Shevchenko (not to be confused with the poet of the same name) met the ethnic singer Kateryna Pavlenko. The two musicians liked the mix between folk music and electronic music and they decided to form the group. They made their first song, "" («»), in December 2012.

The band became more famous in 2015, with the single "" («»), that won the Ukrainian national competition "The Best Track in Ukraine 2015".

In November 2016, Go_A made their first studio album, "" («», "Follow the Tune"), under Moon Records Ukraine.

On 22 February 2020, Go_A won "Vidbir 2020" with the song "" («», "Nightingale"). The winner song of that competition becomes the representative Ukrainian song for Eurovision Song Contest 2020. Go_A's song won with 12 points, the highest number of points in "Vidbir". It was the first time in the history of the Eurovision Song Contest that Ukraine had a song fully in the Ukrainian language. However, the COVID-19 pandemic stopped Eurovision before it started.

The next year, the group took part in Eurovision Song Contest 2021 with the song "" («», "Noise"). The song won fifth place, with 364 total points. However, the song was the second most-voted by the public, with 267 public vote points.

On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and all the band members were forced to run away from their homes. They still make music together and they make donations to help their country.


Darnytsia railway station

Darnytsia () is the largest Ukrainian Railways station (and the main freight station) of the Ukrainian capital Kyiv, located in the city's Left-bank Darnytsia area.

Built in the nineteenth century, the Darnytsia railway hub has grown into a gigantic railway center, expanding for more than 10 km along the main east–west route. Started in 2004, construction is under way at the new Darnytsia railway terminal complex. When finished, the station will serve long-distance passenger trains, house own station of the Kyiv metropolitan, a two-storey car parking, a tunnel for automobile and tram traffic. The complex is meant to become Kyiv's second long-distance terminal, easing the traffic tension in the main Kyiv Passenger railway station.

Biryusinsk

Biryusinsk () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 8,981 people lived there. From 1897 to 1967, it was known called Suyetikha ().

Baykalsk

Baykalsk () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 13,583 people lived there.

Kirensk

Kirensk () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 12,640 people lived there.

Nizhneudinsk

Nizhneudinsk () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 36,999 people lived there.

Sayansk

Sayansk () is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 40,800 people lived there.

Beaumont-sur-Vesle

Beaumont-sur-Vesle is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Beaunay

Beaunay is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Beine-Nauroy

Beine-Nauroy is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Neuchâtel Xamax FCS

Neuchâtel Xamax FCS is a Swiss football club from Neuchâtel which plays in the Swiss Challenge League.


Superwoman

Superwoman is a name used by several characters in the DC Comics universe as female versions of Superman.

Primarily this alias is used by an evil counterpart to Wonder Woman in the Crime Syndicate, evil versions of Justice League from another universe. The first one was Lois from Earth-Three. Her Post-Flashpoint counterpart from Earth 3 is also an evil version of Lois Lane and uses the Lasso of Submission as her main weapon. She is the lover of Owlman and the stepmother of Luthor-El; Ultraman's son. During the Infinite Frontier, she was replaced in the syndicate by the amazon Donna Troy.

The name "Superwoman" has also been used by female counterparts to Superman; with the main ones being his longtime allies Lucy Lane, Lois Lane and Lana Lang.

The "Superwoman" concept was created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, first appearing in "Action Comics" #60 (1943).
Lucy Lane

Lucy Lane is a fictional supporting character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She is the younger sister of Lois Lane, the daughter of Ella Lane and General Sam Lane. Formerly an airline stewardess, she has been romantically involved with Jimmy Olsen and later joined the military. During "Superman: New Krypton" she joined her father as a member of Project 7734 and used an experimental procedure to duplicate Kryptonian-like powers, becoming the ruthlessly evil Superwoman. Lucy Lane was created by Otto Binder and Curt Swan, first appearing in "Superman's Pal, Jimmy Olsen" #36. (1959)

She was played by Maureen Teefy in the 1984 movie "Supergirl" and Peyton List in the series "Smallville". Jenna Dewan played two alternate versions of Lucy in the Arrowverse series "Supergirl" (2015–2016) and "Superman & Lois" (2022–2023).
Meet Arnold

Meet Arnold is a YouTube cartoon show.

The first video was made August 2017, which focused on the dangers of falling out of an airplane while flying in the sky. The creator has not come out but Matthew Bates tells the stories.

In 2018, the series won the 10th Shorty Awards in second place.

The series is about Arnold J. Voorhees who does not get lucky, the story teller tells us what is happening and does not care for Arnold.

Kyiv-Pasazhyrskyi railway station

Kyiv-Pasazhyrskyi ("Kyiv-Passenger", ) is a railway station in the capital of Ukraine, Kyiv. The station is a railway hub with several railroad station buildings, along with its own repair facilities the Kyiv Electric Railcar Repair Shop, a railway depot with railyard, and the railway sports complex. The station is part of the so-called Kyiv Southern Railway loop.

There were more than 170,000 passengers per day in 2005). The Central and Southern (Pivdennyi) Station buildings are located on both sides of the tracks used by long-distance trains, connected with an overpass. They serve international trains, most Ukrzaliznytsia passenger trains, some suburban trains, and the Kyiv Boryspil Express to the Boryspil International Airport. Nrext to the Central building is the Suburban (Prymiskyi) station building which serves short-distance service for suburbs (including dacha areas), minor city stations, and nearby regions as well as the Kyivpastrans' urban rail passing through the Northern (Pivnichna) railway stop.

The Kyiv Metro station "Vokzalna" of the Sviatoshynsko-Brovarska Line is the station's main intersection with city transport. The Kyiv tram station Starovokzalna (the terminal of Kyiv's Right-Bank high-speed tram line) is also adjacent via a passageway.

Jonathan Crenshaw

Jonathan Dale Crenshaw (born 1972) is an American artist with no arms from Florida. He shows his art on the street. He was shown in a pizza review.

In 2018, he was stopped by police for attacking a tourist with scissors and claims he was trying to protect himself and he was let go.

Kyra Kupetsky

Kyra Kupetsky (born September 7, 1993) is an American cartoon maker and voice artist. 

She was born in Burbank, California and went to high school.

In 2017, she worked for BuzzFeed Animation Lab and made "The Good Advice Cupcake" and "Late Blumicorn". In 2020, she made Chickin Nuggit. There are 300 videos and 1 billion views in this series.

In 2023, a full series was announced which will be made by Frederator Studios, Genius Brands, BuzzFeed based on her own series.

She makes animation that is "cute and heartwarming" inspired by drawings she created when she was a child, and in her free time.

Dot’s Homestyle Pretzels

Dot’s Homestyle Pretzels is an American snack food. They are part of The Hershey Company.

Dorthy Henke, who found the company made pretzels due to harsh weather and used seasoning inspired by her family’s cooking. She sold her pretzels to events in Arizona. There are 400 production places.

CEO of Hershey, Michele Buck bought the company for $1.2 billion.

In 2023, the factory in Velva, North Dakota was closed. They offered to help the employees who lost their jobs.

Lviv railway station

Lviv-Holovnyi railway station is the main railway terminal in Lviv, Ukraine. It is one of the most notable pieces of Art Nouveau architecture in former Galicia. The station was opened to the public in 1904, and celebrated its centenary on 26 March 2004. It handles over 1.2 million passengers and moves 16 thousand tons of freight a month.

Construction of an extensive network of railways within the Austro-Hungarian Empire allowed the city of Lemberg (its German name at the time) to keep its position at the crossing of several notable trade routes. As the capital of Galicia, the city needed a new, representative and large railway station that would suit the city needs and replace the old neo-Gothic railway station built between 1861 and 1862 with the Galician Railway of Archduke Charles Louis.

Qassam rocket

The Qassam rocket is a missile created by the military wing of the Hamas movement, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades. The rockets cannot be fired near civilian areas and especially not in huge population centers.
Since 2001 when the first Qassam rocket was made, there have been 3 different models of the Qassam rocket. Rockets for other militant groups in Palestine are also called Qassams by the Israeli media.

Gare de l'Est

The Gare de l'Est (; English: "Station of the East" or "East station"), officially Paris Est, is one of the seven large mainline railway station termini in Paris, France. It is in the 10th arrondissement, not far southeast from the Gare du Nord.

Opened in 1849, it is currently the fifth-busiest of the six main railway stations in Paris before the Gare d'Austerlitz. The Gare de l'Est is the western terminus of the Paris–Strasbourg railway and Paris–Mulhouse railway which goes to Basel, Switzerland.

The Gare de l'Est was opened in 1849 by the Compagnie du Chemin de Fer de Paris à Strasbourg (Paris–Strasbourg Railway Company) under the name "Strasbourg platform" ("Embarcadère de Strasbourg"); an official inauguration with President Louis Napoléon Bonaparte took place the next year. The platform corresponds today with the hall for main-line trains. Designed by architect François Duquesnay, it was renamed the "Gare de l'Est" in 1854, after the expansion of service to Mulhouse.

National Space Society

The national Space Society (NSA) is an orginzation from 1969-4020. It was primarily attacked at russia furing the space race to win against them. it is now the leading defence agencuy in the USA.
Slope (mathematics)

In mathematics, the slope or gradient of a line is a number that says how steep a line is. It is calculated by dividing the vertical change which is called the rise by the horizontal change which is called the run, between two different points on the line.

Gare de Lyon

The Gare de Lyon, officially Paris Gare de Lyon, is one of the seven large mainline railway stations in Paris, France. It handles about 148.1 million passengers annually according to the estimates of the SNCF in 2018, with SNCF railways and the RER D accounting for around 110 million and the RER A accounting for 38 million, making it the second-busiest station of France after the Gare du Nord and one of the busiest in Europe.

The station is located in the 12th arrondissement, on the right bank of the river Seine, in the east of Paris. Opened in 1849, it is the northern terminus of the Paris–Marseille railway. It is named after the city of Lyon, a stop for many long-distance trains departing here, most en route to the South of France. The station is served by high-speed TGV trains to Southern and Eastern France, Switzerland, Germany, Italy and Spain. The station also hosts regional trains and the RER and also the Gare de Lyon Métro station.

Main line trains depart from 32 platforms in two distinct halls: Hall 1, which is the older train shed, contains tracks labelled with letters from A to N, while the modern addition of Hall 2 contains tracks which are numbered from 5 to 23. There are four platforms for the RER underneath the main lines.

Paris–Marseille railway

The railway from Paris to Marseille is an 862-kilometre long railway line, that connects Paris to the southern port city of Marseille, France, via Dijon and Lyon. The railway was opened in several stages between 1847 and 1856, when the final section through Lyon was opened. The opening of the LGV Sud-Est high speed line from Paris to Lyon in 1981, the LGV Rhône-Alpes in 1992 and the LGV Méditerranée in 2001 has reduced its importance for passenger traffic.

The Paris–Marseille railway leaves the Gare de Lyon in Paris in southeastern direction. It crosses the river Marne at Charenton-le-Pont, and follows the right Seine bank upstream until Crosne, where it follows a course east of the Forest of Sénart. It crosses the Seine near Melun and follows the left Seine bank upstream, along the Forest of Fontainebleau. Beyond Montereau-Fault-Yonne, the railway follows the left Yonne bank upstream. At Migennes the Yonne is crossed, and the small rivers Armançon, Brenne and Oze are followed upstream. Beyond Blaisy-Bas the railway enters the watershed of the Mediterranean Sea, descending the Ouche river valley to central Dijon.

At Dijon the railway turns south, running along the east side of the Côte d'Or escarpment with its famous vineyards. At Chalon-sur-Saône the railway reaches the river Saône, and follows its right bank downstream until the city centre of Lyon. Before and after the Lyon-Perrache station it crosses the Saône and the Rhône respectively, and continues downstream along the left Rhône bank. Between Collonges-au-Mont-d'Or (north of Lyon) and La Guillotière (a southern quarter of Lyon) there is a parallel line to its east, on which the other main station of Lyon, Part-Dieu, is situated. There is also a long parallel line on the right bank of the Rhône between Lyon and Nîmes, which is mainly used for freight transport.

The railway passes through Valence, Avignon and Arles, where it leaves the Rhône and turns east. It passes along the northern shore of the Étang de Berre. The terminus is Marseille-Saint-Charles station.

The main stations on the Paris–Marseille railway are:

Marseille-Saint-Charles station

Marseille-Saint-Charles (French: "Gare de Marseille-Saint-Charles") is the main railway station and intercity bus station of Marseille, France. It is the southern end of the Paris–Marseille railway and western end of the Marseille–Ventimiglia railway.

It opened on 8 January 1848. It was built for the Chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée on the land where the Saint Charles Cemetery used to be. The station is on top of a small hill and is linked to the city centre by a set of stairs. Since 2001, the TGV has dramatically reduced the travel time between Marseille and Northern France. Traffic has increased from 7.1 million annual passengers in 2000 to 16.5 million in 2017. This makes the station the eleventh busiest in France.

New underground parking lots and a tunnel have allowed the station to be renewed. A new hall, the "Halle Honnorat", was created for shops and services. A new pedestrian square was created, between the station and the Aix-Marseille University site of Saint-Charles. New pedestrian spaces with cafe terraces have also been created on top of the grand stairs. In December 2007, a €230 million modernisation was completed.

Aix-Marseille University

Aix-Marseille University is a public research university in the Provence region of southern France. It was founded in 1409 when Louis II of Anjou, Count of Provence, asked the Pisan Antipope Alexander V to establish the University of Provence. It is the fourth-oldest university in France. It came into its current form by a merger of the University of Provence, the University of the Mediterranean and Paul Cézanne University in January 2012. It is the largest university in the Francophone world, with about 80,000 students. AMU has the largest budget of any academic institution in the French-speaking world at €750 million. It is consistently ranked among the top 200 universities in the world and is ranked within the top 4 universities in France according to CWTS and USNWR.

There are five main campuses in Aix-en-Provence and Marseille. AMU also owns and operates facilities in Arles, Aubagne, Avignon, Digne-les-Bains, Gap, La Ciotat, Lambesc and Salon-de-Provence. The university headquarters are in the 7th arrondissement of Marseille.

It has produced many notable alumni in the fields of law, politics, business, science, academia, and the arts. Four of its alumni and faculty have won Nobel Prizes. One won the Pulitzer Prize twice. Four won César Awards. Alumni have also been heads of state or government, parliamentary speakers, government ministers, ambassadors and members of the constituent academies of the .

It has hundreds of research and teaching partnerships, including close collaboration with the French National Centre for Scientific Research and the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission. AMU is a member of numerous academic organisations including the European University Association and the Mediterranean Universities Union.

The Blue in You

The Blue in You () is a 1992 South Korean romance movie directed by first time director Lee Hyun-seung. It stars Kang Soo-yeon, Ahn Sung-ki, Choi Yu-ra, Kim Hyeong-il, Kang Neung-won. It was distributed by Sekyung Film Co., Ltd.


Rail transport in the Netherlands

Rail transport in the Netherlands has a dense railway network which connects nearly all the major towns and cities. There are as many train stations as there are municipalities in the Netherlands. The network has on of track. Three-quarters of the lines have been electrified.

The Dutch rail network is mostly for passenger transport. Rail travel is the majority of the distance travelled on Dutch public transport. The national rail infrastructure is managed and maintained by the government agency ProRail, and a number of operators have concessions to operate their trains. The entire network is standard gauge. The Netherlands is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC), and its country code is 84.

Most Dutch trains have Wi-Fi. They don't have food, except on some international trains, due to the short distances involved.

Den Haag Centraal railway station

The oldest station in The Hague is Den Haag Hollands Spoor, opened in 1843 by the Hollandsche IJzeren Spoorweg-Maatschappij when the railway between Amsterdam and Leiden was extended to The Hague and Rotterdam. This station was some distance from the city centre, just across what was then the municipal boundary of Rijswijk. In 1870, the Nederlandsche Rhijnspoorweg-Maatschappij (NRS) opened a second station in The Hague closer to the city centre. This station, Den Haag Rijnspoor, would service eastbound trains to Gouda and Utrecht. When the NRS was nationalised in 1890, this Gouda–Den Haag railway became the property of the Maatschappij tot Exploitatie van Staatsspoorwegen, and the station was renamed Den Haag Staatsspoor.

Fosterøyane

Fosterøyane is an archipelago in Svalbard. There are 3 islands in the group. It is between Nordaustlandet and Spitsbergen.

Amsterdam Centraal station

Amsterdam Centraal station ( ) is the largest railway station in Amsterdam, North Holland, the Netherlands. A major international railway hub, it is used by 192,000 passengers a day, making it the second busiest railway station in the country after Utrecht Centraal and the most visited Rijksmonument of the Netherlands.

National and international railway services at Amsterdam Centraal are provided by NS(Nederlandse Spoorwegen), the principal rail operator in the Netherlands. Amsterdam Centraal is the northern terminus of Amsterdam Metro routes 51, 53, 54, and stop for 52 operated by municipal public transport operator GVB. It is also served by a number of GVB tram and ferry routes as well as local and regional bus routes operated by GVB, Connexxion and EBS.

Amsterdam Centraal was designed by Dutch architect Pierre Cuypers and opened in 1889. It features a Gothic, Renaissance Revival station building and a cast iron platform roof spanning approximately 40 metres.

Since 1997, the station building, underground passages, metro station, and the surrounding area have been undergoing major reconstruction and renovation works to accommodate the North-South Line metro route, which was opened on 22 July 2018. Amsterdam Centraal has the second longest railway platform in the Netherlands with a length of 695 metres. Due to the length, each platform may serve two trains.

The Story of Our Home

The Story of Our Home () is a 2016 North Korean drama movie directed by Ri Yun-Ho and was the first North Korean movie to screen publicly in South Korea in 2018. It stars Paek Sol-mi, Kim Thae-Gum and Kim Pom-Gyong.

Rijksmonument

A rijksmonument (, ) is a national heritage site of the Netherlands, listed by the agency Rijksdienst voor het Cultureel Erfgoed acting for the Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture and Science.

At the end of February 2015, the Netherlands had 61,822 listed national heritage sites. About 1,500 of them are archaeological sites.

Until 2012, a place had to be over 50 years old to be eligible. The law governing the monuments is the "Monumentenwet van 1988" ("Monument Law of 1988").

The organization responsible for caring for the monuments, which used to be called "Monumentenzorg", is now called Rijksdienst voor het Cultureel Erfgoed. In June 2009, the Court of The Hague decided that individual purchasers of buildings that were listed as rijksmonuments would be exempt from paying transfer tax, effective from 1 May 2009. Previously this exemption had only applied to legal entities.

Many Dutch tourist attractions are rijksmonuments, such as castles or windmills. Some notable windmills are De Schoolmeester, Westzaan, a smock mill in North Holland, the only wind powered paper mill in the world, listed as rijksmonument number 40013; De Wieker Meule, De Wijk, in Drenthe province, built in 1829 and restored to working order, listed as rijksmonument number 39657; and Mellemolen, a hollow post mill in Friesland, also restored to working order, listed as rijksmonument number 35937. Among the rijksmonuments are also many churches. Most rijksmonuments are residential buildings, such as houses and villas.

Jaish-e-Mohammed

Jaish e-Mohammed is a militant group active in Kashmir. The group's goal is to put Indian controlled Kashmir into the control of Pakistan. The group has also been allegedly supported by the Pakistani government in its efforts to take control of Indian controlled Kashmir.

Stranger in Town (Toto song)

"Stranger in Town" is a 1984 song by American rock band Toto and is the leading single from their fifth studio album "Isolation". It went to number 30 in the United States, number 100 in the United Kingdom, number 16 in Canada and number 40 in Australia. It also went to number 7 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Utrecht Centraal railway station

Utrecht Centraal, officially Station Utrecht Centraal (), is the transit hub with three bicycle parks, two bus stations, two tram stops and the central railway station for Utrecht, Netherlands. It is the biggest train station in the Netherlands.

Both the railway station and the bus station are the largest and busiest in the Netherlands. The bicycle parking station on the east side is the largest in the world.

The railway station has sixteen platform tracks (of which twelve are through tracks) and 207,360 passengers per day, excluding transfers. Because of its central location in the Netherlands, Utrecht Centraal is the most important railway hub of the country with more than 1,000 departures per day.

The first railway station at the site was opened on December 18, 1843, when the Nederlandsche Rhijnspoorweg-Maatschappij opened the first station on Utrecht territory.

In 1938, the station became the central station as the "Maliebaanstation", on the other side of the city, was closed and the line from Hilversum was diverted into the central station. The station building of 1865 remained in place, though a fundamental renovation was done in 1936. Two years later, a fire burned down most of the building, which was later rebuilt.

The station building was demolished in the 1970s to make way for Hoog Catharijne, then Europe's largest enclosed shopping mall, which opened on 17 December 1973. From that moment onwards, the station no longer had a real entrance; the passageways of the shopping mall just continued into the station. In 1989 the station hall was enlarged (tripling the original size) to increase capacity. In 1995, the station hall was again enlarged, with a new platform.

Between 2011 and 2016, the station underwent a major reconstruction as one of the NSP projects of the Dutch government and as part of a general reconstruction of the Utrecht station area. The station hall was replaced by a new, much larger hall, housing all modes of public transport. The new structure with its curved roof, was designed by Benthem Crouwel Architekten. The roof has three curves: a large one in the middle for the railway station and two smaller ones for the bus/tram stations on either side. New sheltering roofs were built for all platforms and the station was separated from the Hoog Catharijne shopping area.

A scale model of Utrecht Centraal is on display at Madurodam.

Rail transport in Portugal

Several companies provide rail transport in Portugal.


Portugal is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Portugal is 94. There are rail links with Spain, which uses the same Iberian broad gauge.

Infraestruturas de Portugal is the rail network administrating company, taking over control from REFER on 1 June 2015.

The length of Portugal's railway system is as follows:

International Union of Railways

The International Union of Railways (French: "Union internationale des chemins de fer", UIC) is an international rail transport industry body.

When founded in 1922 the UIC had 51 members from 29 countries, including Japan and China. They were joined by members from the Soviet Union, the Middle East and North Africa. As of February 2024, the UIC has 218 members across five continents. Of these there are:




The Joe Rogan Experience

The Joe Rogan Experience is a podcast made and hosted by comedian and UFC color commentator Joe Rogan. He first started the podcast on December 24, 2009 and it is hosted on Spotify. Clips for the show are also uploaded on their YouTube channel. In 2023, it was the most listened to podcast on Spotify in both the United States and Worldwide. The show has had many well known guests on it, such as Elon Musk, Bernie Sanders, and Edward Snowden.

In May 2020, Rogan signed a deal around $200 million with Spotify to have them exclusively host the show. Rogan would sign a new deal worth $250 million with Spotify in February 2024. The new deal would not be exclusive with Spotify.

The podcast has had some controversy. It has been criticised for hesitancy on COVID-19 vaccines, climate change denial, and Rogan's past use of racially insensitive language.


Sami Yousafzai

Sami Yousafzai (Pashto: سمی یوسفزی) is an Afghan Journalist and War Reporter in Afghanistan and Pakistan. 

Abdul Sami Yousafzai was born in Afghanistan in 1972 to a Yusufzai Pashtun family, as a boy he along with his family became refugees of the Soviet-Afghan War after 1979 and they had to leave their hometown. He grew up alongside millions more Afghan Refugee Children in the city of Peshawar, Pakistan.

In 1993 he studied Journalism at Dawa'a al-Jihad University set up at an Afghan Refugee camp by Afghan Mujahideen Fighter Abdul Rasul Sayyaf. He initially started as a sports journalist but switched to begin a career in war reporting in 1997. He covered militancy politics for Newsweek Magazine and the Daily Beast News Publication as well as a producer for CBS News since 2005. Throughout his career he has met with Taliban Officials in Afghanistan as well as the President of Afghanistan, Hamid Karzai in 2013. He also met with the Taliban delegation in 2019 at Moscow, Russia including Salam Hanafi, who would become Deputy Prime Minister of Afghanistan.

In 2008, a Taliban Commander invited him and a Japanese Journalist friend of his, "Motoki Yodsukura" for an interview in the outskirts of Peshawar, where instead a gunman opened fired on him with two shots. He sustained one shot in the hand and the other by his chest, skimming past his heart and was lodged in his left arm.

Tri-Rail

The Tri-Rail is a commuter rail service serving between Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and West Palm Beach managed by the South Florida Regional Transportation Authority. First opened on January 9, 1989, Tri-Rail currently has 19 stations.
Tweed Heads, New South Wales

Tweed Heads is a coastal city in New South Wales. It is located at the mouth of the Tweed River in the Northern Rivers region. It is the seat of the Tweed Shire Council.

Tweed Heads is located on the border between New South Wales and Queensland. Just north of Tweed Heads on the other side of the border is the suburb of Coolangatta on the Gold Coast.

Tweed Heads is often considered a place where people can change time zones. This is because between October and April, New South Wales has daylight savings, but Queensland does not, which means Queensland is one hour behind New South Wales during those months. People often go to Tweed Heads on New Year's Eve because they can celebrate twice by simply crossing a street.

Predecessor

Predecessor is a free-to-play multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) game developed and published by Omeda Studios, powered by Unreal Engine 5. The game started its buy-to-play early access phase in November 2022. The subsequent transition to free-to-play open beta is slated to commence on March 28th, 2024.

Predecessor is a multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) video game characterized by its third-person perspective. The game features symmetrical maps, with bases located at opposing ends. Players aim to dismantle the core within the adversary's base to achieve victory. The game map is divided into four primary zones: Offlane, Jungle, Mid Lane, and Duo Lane.. Defensive towers are strategically positioned along each lane, automatically engaging and neutralizing adversaries within their designated range, thereby safeguarding the allied bases. Each lane consists of two defensive towers and an inhibitor structure. The demolition of these key structures by a team results in the spawning of more formidable minions within the respective lane.

Within a match of Predecessor, ten participants are divided into two opposing teams, each comprising five players. Each participant assumes control of a character known as a "Hero." Upon acceptance of the match invitation, individuals are prompted to specify their preferred role within the game. This information is visible to teammates, fostering a collaborative effort toward constructing a balanced team composition. However, instances may arise wherein multiple players express a preference for the same role. In such scenarios, the game's mechanics intervene, autonomously assigning one player to the desired role while the other is allocated an available alternative. In the gaming structure of Predecessor, every Hero is equipped with a basic attack and possesses a set of four unique abilities. These abilities serve various purposes, such as executing offensive or defensive maneuvers and providing passive enhancements. They are designed to enhance the Hero's capabilities or offer support to teammates within the game environment.

As heroes obtain additional gold through the completion of in-game objectives, they acquire the opportunity to receive items from the shop. These items can modify hero abilities in various ways, including enabling teleportation to new locations, granting invisibility, manipulating time, and other effects. Moreover, experience is received to increase a hero's attributes, such as strength, attack speed, health, and various other aspects, thereby contributing to the enhancement of their overall effectiveness within the game.

Predecessor, is the inaugural title of Omeda Studios, founded in 2020 by Robbie Singh, Andrea Garella, and Steven Meilleur. In 2021, Omeda Studios was granted funding from Epic Games through their Epic MegaGrants program. The initial funding of $2.2 million has been designated towards the development of Predecessor, a video game inspired by Epic Games' multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) title, Paragon. Paragon, originally released in 2016, was discontinued by Epic Games in 2018.. To help facilitate that vision, Steve Superville, Paragon's creative director joined Omeda Studios as an advisor in June 2021. Paid Early access for the PC was accessible on the Epic Games Store and Steam on December 1st 2021. In 2022, Omeda Studios secured $20 million in funding to invest in Predecessor. On December 5th, 2023, a Closed Beta was accessible to all North American and European players on the PS4 and PS5.

Yasmin Hani

Yasmin Hani first gained popularity as an artist when her talent began to gain attention through the entertainment program, Muzik @ Ria produced by Astro, a few years ago. Yasmin also hosted a reality show, Keynote.

Yasmin Hani and her friends are also active in carrying out charity work helping those called street dwellers through her participation with the Reach Organization (Reach Org) which is run in collaboration with talent scouts, Kleo & Tony. He actively helps a number of people whose lives are impoverished behind skyscrapers, in the back alleys of a cosmopolitan city like Kuala Lumpur. They sleep in the company of dew, they don't change their clothes, they even eat and drink, hoping for mercy.
Ulvi Hasanli

Ulvi Hasanli (Ulvi Fakhreddin oglu Hasanov was born August 10, 1987, in Kirovabad) is an Azerbaijani journalist and political activist. He previously worked in organizations such as Dalga Youth Movement, Free Youth Organization, National Council of Democratic Forces and NIDA Civil Movement. Hasanli is currently the head of AbzasMedia.

Hasanli, who faced a lot of pressure during his activities, was detained in November 2023 and charged with Article 206.3.2 (Smuggling by a group of people) of the Criminal Code.

He was born on August 18, 1987 in the city of Kirovabad (now Ganja). In 2005, he graduated from Ganja city secondary school No. 29 and entered the Azerbaijan State Oil Academy, but was removed from the academy in 2006 due to his political activities. Later, Hasanli studied at Azerbaijan University of Tourism and Management in 2008-2013.

In the 2000s, he worked in the Dalga Youth Movement and became the chairman of the organization. He later became the founder and chairman of the Free Youth Organization established in 2011. He resigned from this position in November 2013. At the same time, Hasanli, a member of the National Council of Democratic Forces, became a member of the NIDA Civil Movement. During his tenure at NIDA VH, he later became a member of the Board of Directors of NIDA Civil Movement.

Ulvi Hasanli is the director of "AbzasMedia" online publication, founded in 2016. According to the Committee to Protect Journalists, Abzas Media is one of the few independent institutions left in Azerbaijan after a series of raids, arrests and criminal investigations against independent media and press freedom groups since 2014. AbzasMedia is known for its investigations of government officials into business deals, including alleged corruption in the reconstruction works in Karabakh since 2020. In addition, Ulvi Hasanli participated in the parliamentary elections in Azerbaijan in 2020 as a neutral candidate.

During his political activity, Ulvi Hasanli faced continuous persecution by the Azerbaijani government. He was detained in March 2011 during the "Great People's Day" action. In September 2017, Hasanli underwent a medical examination related to compulsory military service and was given a postponement until 2019 due to rheumatism and kidney problems. Despite this, another examination was scheduled for Hasanli in October, and he was detained by the military police in the hospital where he went for examination. After the young activist was taken to the military commissariat, he was sent to a military unit in Barda district. At that time, he was not warned about his military service, he was not given the opportunity to say goodbye to his family and get his affairs in order. In November of the same year, under the chairmanship of judge Elshad Shamayev of the Baku Court of Appeals, the complaint of NIDA Movement activist Ulvi Hasanli about illegal arrest and inhuman, degrading treatment and torture was considered, but his complaint was not upheld. He was one of the three journalists who protested against the 2022 legislation that would force media outlets to register with the state media register. In June 2023, Hasanli was detained by the Azerbaijani police at the Binagadi District Police Station for reporting on the events of . He was detained that year during a flash mob held by a group of political activists at the US Embassy.

In November 2023, pro-government Azerbaijani media outlets "AbzasMedia", "Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty", "Voice of America", "BBC Azerbaijan", "ToplumTV" and "MeydanTV" were accused of "overshadowing what the government has won in Karabakh". . On November 20, 2023, the editor-in-chief of "AbzasMedia" Sevinj Vagifqizi reported that Ulvi Hasanli was detained at Heydar Aliyev International Airport. He added that this incident is politically motivated and related to Hasanli's journalistic activities. Later, it became known that Hasanli was taken to the Baku City Police Department. After Hasanli was detained, the authorities searched the Baku office of "AbzasMedia" and did not allow journalists to enter the editorial office. The police also claimed to have found 40,000 euros in cash during a search of AbzasMedia's offices, but AbzasMedia stated that this money was placed to falsify the charges against Hasanli. In addition, according to Hasanli's statements, he was tortured and physically abused by the police during his detention. According to the statement made by AbzasMedia, the questions asked by the investigators were about the corruption investigations of those state bodies. Later, Sevinj Vagifqizi was also detained by the police at the airport. Ulvi Hasanli was charged with Article 206.3.2 of the Criminal Code (Smuggling by a group of persons).

Organizations such as Amnesty International , the Committee for the Protection of Journalists, and the International Press Institute called Ulvi Hasanli's arrest illegal and demanded his release.

Preventative Coup of November 11

The Preventative Coup of November 11 were military events in Brazil. They were done by Henrique Teixeira Lott. 

The coup led to Nereu Ramos becoming the president until he was succeeded by Juscelino Kubitschek. The coup had no injuries or deaths and peacefully removed Carlos Luz from being president. The tensions led to Brazil having three presidents in one week.

Chasing Ghosts

Chasing Ghosts is the fifth studio album by Stabbing Westward. The album was released on March 18, 2022.

Abdul Rasul Sayyaf

Abdul Rasul Sayyaf ( ; ; born 1946) is an Afghan Politician in exhile and former Mujahideen Fighter. 

He became known during the Soviet-Afghan War as a commander with international Jihad ties to the Arab world. After the fall of Kabul in 1992, he was with the transitional government of Burhanuddin Rabbani and then the Northern Alliance against the Taliban.

Sayyaf was born in 1946 in Paghman, Kabul Province He was born to a Ghilzai Pashtun family. 

He holds a degree in religion from Kabul University and a masters from Al-Azhar University in Cairo. Sayyaf was a member of the Afghan-based Ikhwan al-Muslimin, founded in 1969 by Gulbuddin Hekmatyar and Dr. Burhanuddin Rabbani and having strong links to the original and much larger Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt. 

After the April Revolution of '78 he was imprisoned by the new authority, he was freed in controversial circumstances by General Secretary Hafizullah Amin, who, coincidentally, was Sayyaf's distant relative. 

He became leader of the Islamic Union for the Liberation of Afghanistan ("Ittihad-i-Islami Baraye Azadi Afghanistan"), a coalition of several parties fighting the Soviet and Afghan government forces. The Islamic Union soon imploded, and Sayyaf retained the name as the title of his own organization. Sayyaf fought against government forces in the 1980s and primarily financed by Saudi Arabia. In 1985, he founded a university in an Afghan refugee camp near Peshawar called "Dawa'a al-Jihad" (Call of Jihad), which has been described the "preeminent school for terrorism." Ramzi Ahmed Yousef, who masterminded the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, attended it.

Despite his growing wealth, he continued to live a spartan life, avoiding modern conveniences like mattresses and air conditioning; although he enjoyed a nightly game of tennis.

Ziaul Hoque Polash

Ziaul Hoque Polash is a popular Bangladeshi actor and director. He is quite popular especially among the audience for his humorous character. He has become quite popular among the audience especially among the youth by playing the role of "Kabila" in the drama Bachelor Point. Also became well known as "Parvez" in the drama Family Crisis. In this play, he mainly gained popularity for speaking fluent poetry without his rhythm.

 
Collinsville, Connecticut

Collinsville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Glastonbury Center, Connecticut

Glastonbury Center is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Hazardville, Connecticut

Hazardville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Notti Osama

Ethan Reyes, popular as Notti Osama, was born on January 17, 2008, in Harlem, New York. Despite his young age, Notti already had a promising music career ahead of him.

Tragically, his life was cut short after being stabbed to death at a subway station in July 2022. Notti’s music focused on the harsh realities of growing up in Harlem as a young teenager.

His lyrics gave a raw perspective into street life, violence, and the dangers he faced daily. Though controversial, Notti’s music resonated with many young hip-hop fans and his popularity was rapidly growing at the time of his death.


Notti Osama grew up in the Harlem neighborhood. From a young age, Notti was exposed to the dangers of the streets, including violence, crime, and drugs. Music became an escape for Notti. He was inspired by Harlem rappers like A$AP Rocky and began writing his lyrics at age 12.

By 13, Notti adopted the name Notti Osama and started releasing rap songs on YouTube. His breakout track “Whip Him” caught the attention of the local rap scene and underground hip-hop blogs. Notti’s raw, explicit lyrics about violence and his aggressive drill rap style resonated with young hip-hop fans.

One of six siblings, Notti Osama grew up in a bustling household. The bond he shared with his family profoundly influenced his music, instilling a sense of authenticity and raw emotion in his songs.


Notti began collaborating with other young NYC rappers and steadily gained notoriety. In March 2022, he released his debut mixtape ‘Don’t Start No Stuff’, which included his hit song “Subway Shooter.” The mixtape ranked on the iTunes Hip-Hop chart, proving Notti’s rising commercial appeal.

Songs like “Big Opps” and “Gang Gang” racked up millions of streams. By mid-2022, Notti performed sold-out shows and earned co-signs from rap icons like 50 Cent. Leading up to his death, Notti’s profile was quickly rising.

Notti Osama’s music is categorized as “drill rap” – an aggressive hip-hop subgenre that originated in Chicago in the early 2010s. Drill rappers often use hard-hitting, trap-influenced beats and lyrics about street violence.

Notti was part of a new wave of young NYC drill rappers. Some of his biggest influences were fellow Harlem artists like A$AP Rocky, Dave East, and the late Pop Smoke. Notti’s lyrics discussed life in Harlem and the dangers he faced, including gang disputes, guns, and drugs.

On July 9, 2022, 14-year-old Notti was fatally stabbed during an altercation at a subway station in Inwood, NY. He was rushed to the hospital where he succumbed to his injuries.

Notti’s murder shed light on the ongoing epidemic of youth violence plaguing New York City. Yet his death also cut short the career of a promising young musical artist on the verge of stardom.

The hip-hop community mourned the loss of Notti and the harsh realities faced by young rappers today. His death was a tragic reminder of how dangerous the path to fame can be for aspiring young musicians.

Despite his short career, Notti Osama’s music left a lasting impact. His menacing drill rap style encapsulated the unforgiving nature of street life. Songs like “Gang Gang” amassed over 5 million YouTube views posthumously.

Major artists like 50 Cent and producer London on da Track paid tribute to Notti after his death. His gritty lyrics documenting life as a Harlem youth on the brink of fame will continue inspiring future NYC rappers.

While Notti’s musical legacy lives on, his death remains an immense loss. The hip-hop community can only imagine what he may have accomplished if his life wasn’t cut short so young.
Kensington, Connecticut

Kensington is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Manchester (CDP), Connecticut

Manchester is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

North Granby, Connecticut

North Granby is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Plantsville, Connecticut

Plantsville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Salmon Brook, Connecticut

Salmon Brook is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Sherwood Manor, Connecticut

Sherwood Manor is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Simsbury Center, Connecticut

Simsbury Center is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Southwood Acres, Connecticut

Southwood Acres is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Suffield Depot, Connecticut

Suffield Depot is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

DD Osama

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

David DeShaun Reyes (born November 29, 2006), known professionally as DD Osama, is an American rapper based in New York.

David DeShaun Reyes was born in Harlem, New York. Reyes is the third youngest of six siblings.

In 2021, Reyes released his first song “Aftermath” alongside his brother Ethan Reyes who was also known as Notti Osama, and fellow rapper Blockwork. Reyes began receiving recognition around June 2022.

In July 2022, his 14-year-old brother, the rapper known professionally as Notti Osama was stabbed to death. His killing led to a surge in the popularity of their song "Dead Opps", and the creation of the song E.4.N (Everything for Notti). DeShaun has collaborated with rappers Sugarhill Ddot and Chicago native Lil Zay Osama and with Lil Baby, Lil Durk, Rylo Rodriguez, and Coi Leray.

In December 2022, DD Osama and fellow New York rapper Lil Mabu released a single "Throw" alongside an accompanying music video. In February 2023, he worked with rapper Coi Leray and released a song titled "Upnow". Shortly after releasing his album "Here 2 Stay", he released the single "Let's Do It" twice, one with NLE Choppa and the other with fellow Harlem rapper DeePlay4Keeps. He is affiliated with the gang OY (Original Youngins), screaming his set's name in songs.

In July 2023, Reyes went on the tour "Sorry for the Drought" with Lil Durk.



Portals:

Categories: 

Tariffville, Connecticut

Tariffville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Terramuggus, Connecticut

Terramuggus is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Parsa Evana

Parsa Evana is a young Bangladeshi actress, model, dancer, and social influencer. She is active in drama and modeling. She’s best known for starring in Let’s Have a Walk shows, Yea Noy Biye, and Bou Jodi Emon Hoy.

Evana is a famous Bangladeshi actress, model, and dancer who has appeared in a number of television dramas based on Bangladeshi dramas. She began her career as a dancer when she won the ChannelI Shera Nachiye Championship in 2013, gaining international attention. She has appeared in films such as Biye Korte Chai (2019), The Stranger (2019) and Tabij (2021). Recently Parsa completed the TV Movie Sweeper Man, The Beggar, Dui din dui raat, IICU. This talented actress is also active on social media.

 
Thompsonville, Connecticut

Thompsonville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Weatogue, Connecticut

Weatogue is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

West Simsbury, Connecticut

West Simsbury is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Kajal Arefin Ome

Kajal Arefin Ome is a Bangladeshi Television director who is best known for Bachelor Point drama series. He has directed drama like Sorry Sir, Arekti shondeher golpo, Beachlor point, Oshomoy,Hotel Relax and many more.
 
Quarter Past Midnight

"Quarter Past Midnight" is a 2018 song by British band Bastille and is the leading single from their third studio album "Doom Days". It went to number 65 in the United Kingdom, number 55 in Scotland, number 76 in the Netherlands and number 29 in Belgium. It also went to number 15 on the Billboard Hot Rock & Alternative Songs charts.

Armigatus

Armigatus is an extinct genus of prehistoric ellimmichthyiforms from the Cretaceous. Fossils have been found in Mexico, Croatia, the Middle East, and North Africa.

The generic epithet "Armigatus" means "bearer of armor". The species name "brevissimus" signifies "shortest, smallest". This explains why it is named like that.

This small fish does not go beyond 10 cm in length. It has a compact body, with a long dorsal fin. It has a large foramen. They have a round and smooth posterior margin.

Smallhead stickleback

The smallhead stickleback ("Gasterosteus microcephalus") is a stickleback. Some authorities think it is a synonym of "Gasterosteus aculeatus" or a subspecies of that taxon.

Secret Touch

"Secret Touch" is a 2002 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush and is the second single from their 17th studio album "Vapor Trails". It went to number 25 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Please Don't Make Me Cry

"Please Don't Make Me Cry" is a 1970 song by reggae singer Winston Groovy and its best known version is the 1983 single by UB40. It was taken from their fifth studio album "Labour of Love" and is the following up the their hit single "Red Red Wine". It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 41 in New Zealand, number 4 in the Netherlands and number 11 in Belgium.

Comboios de Portugal

Comboios de Portugal, (CP; English: Trains of Portugal) is a state-owned company which operates passenger trains in Portugal.

It started in October 1856 with the opening of the first railway line in Portugal. Most of the network is Iberian gauge lines, as in Spain. During the 1950s, the Portuguese railway network was about , its greatest extent. In 1975, the Portuguese Railway Company was nationalised When passenger numbers decreased, various lines were shut down, with almost a quarter of the rail network being closed by the twenty-first century.

During 1999, it introduced a new service, the Alfa Pendular, which operates between Braga - Porto - Lisbon - Faro using tilting trains. Since 2005 the company runs only passenger train services. Management of the railway infrastructure is done by Infraestruturas de Portugal . Cargo activities were transferred to private company MSC who operate them under the "Medway" label. In 2015, a new long-term strategy for Portugal's railway network was started. The full electrification of the network, the provision of European Rail Traffic Management System (ERTMS), and the general modernisation and improvement of trunk routes and international services is being conducted. 


Kim Newman

Kim James Newman was born on 31 July 1959 in London. He is a journalist, film critic, and writer who loves horror fiction and film history. He won awards for his work on horror fiction. His first novel, The Night Mayor, was published in 1989. He also wrote a series of novels under the pen name "Jack Yeovil" for Games Workshop. In 1992, he published Anno Dracula, a novel that imagines Dracula ruling England in an alternative history. Newman has written other novels like Life's Lottery and The Quorum.
Iberian-gauge railways

Iberian gauge is a railway track gauge of , used by the railways of Spain and Portugal. This is the second-widest gauge in regular use anywhere in the world. Indian gauge railways, , are wider. 

In 1955, the Iberian gauge was a compromise between the slightly different, gauges in Spain and Portugal. The main railway networks of Spain were built to a gauge of six Castilian feet. In Portugal they were first built to a and later to a gauge of five Portuguese feet – close enough to allow interoperability with Spanish railways.

Since the 1990s new high-speed passenger lines in Spain have been built to the international standard gauge of , to allow these lines to link to the European high-speed network. Although the 22 km from Tardienta to Huesca (part of a branch from the Madrid to Barcelona high-speed line) has been reconstructed as mixed Iberic and standard gauge, in general the interface between the two gauges in Spain is dealt with by means of gauge-changing installations, which can adjust the gauge of appropriately designed wheelsets on the move.

There are plans to convert more of the Iberian-gauge network in Spain and Portugal to standard gauge. Concrete sleepers pre-drilled with additional bolt holes allow for moving one rail to adjust the track to standard gauge (or to dual gauge) or the narrowing of the gauge by moving both rails closer together maintaining the perfect alignment of the loading gauge.

The Indian gauge () is closely similar, with only difference. Chile and Argentina have bought second hand Spanish/Portuguese Iberian-gauge rolling stock. 1,668 mm trains can run on 1,676 mm gauge without adaptation, but for better stability in high-speed running a replacement wheelset may be required. Due to the narrower gauge, a strong wear of the wheels may occur if the wheelset is not replaced.

Japan Railways Group

The Japan Railways Group, more commonly known as the JR Group. Except JRF, all JR companies give customers passenger trains. JRF operates only freight service. JR groups is largest railway company in Japan and is still spreading all over Japan.

The six passenger railways of the JR groups are separated by region. Each of them provide services in their business area. However, some trains operates through more 2 companies.

There are many JR stations in all over Japan. Every day about over 21,000,000 people use JR train. Most of stations are usually open from 4 or 5 a.m. until 1 a.m. the next day. Some stations are open later or close ealrier. 

Urban stations have convenience store. They sell many things, including newspaper, drinks, foods and so on. There are also many shops inside the ticket gates, which are called "駅ナカ"(ekitana) in Japanese.

Each of stations are given original numbering. For example, Tokyo station is given JT-01, JK-26, JY-01, JC-01, JO-19 and JE-01. The numbering is made for passengers' convenience.

JR networks are composed of Shinkansen lines and conventional lines. Shinkansen trains run over 320km/h(about 200 mph). On conbentional lines not only local train, but also Limited express train. Limited express trains are faster than local train; Usually, Limited express trains run 100-130km/h(about 60-80mph).

There are 7 line service. Some shinkansens are connected. For example, Tokaido Shinkansen is connected to Sanyo Shinkansen at Shin-Osaka station. 

Shinkansen is famous for the safe and non-delay service. Shinkansen is major transportation in Japan.

Typical Shinkansen is NOZOMI. You take NOZOMI train, it requires only about 140 minutes to travel to Osaka from Tokyo. NOZOMI is operated every 4 minutes.

There are many line service and the network is complex. JR companies are try to be simple. 

Typical Conbentional line is Yamanote Line. Yamanote line is connecting most of major station in Tokyo. It is loop service and only local trains are running. Further example is JR-Kyoto Line. On JR-Kyoto Line, not only local train, but also Rapid, Special Rapid, Limited Express"Thunder bird", "Haruka", "Super Hakuto" so on.

To take JR trains, you should pay fare. As you travel far and far, fare is more expensiver. Tickets for a short distance is sold at automatic vending machine. If you want to ticket which are not selling on vending machine, go to Ticket Office. 

To take Limited Express train, you should pay additional charge, which are called "特急料金" in Japan. So you should buy a normal ticket(called "乗車券") and a Limited Express ticket(called "特急券").

JAPAN RAIL PASS is a ticket offered jointly by the six JR Group companies, and it is convenient and reasonably priced for traveling throughout Japan by train. JAPAN RAIL PASS is vailed for the person who are foreign tourist. Except NOZOMI and MIZUHO, you can take any JR trains.

Cowboy Casanova

"Cowboy Casanova" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her third studio album, "Play On" (2009).

The music video for "Cowboy Casanova" was directed by Theresa Wingert.

It premiered on CMT on October 2, 2009.

The video peaked at number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for seven consecutive weeks.

Hermitage School District (Pennsylvania)

Hermitage School District is one of the school districts of Hermitage.
State-owned enterprise

A state-owned enterprise (SOE) is a government owned organisation which is started or nationalised by a government. 

This may be to 


The national or provincial government has majority ownership over these state owned enterprises. They are also known as public sector undertakings in some countries. They have distinct legal forms. The government defines what they should do. (e.g., a state railway company may aim to make transportation more accessible and earn profit for the government).

They are common with natural monopolies.

In both Eastern Europe and Western Europe, there was a massive nationalization throughout the 20th century, especially after World War II. In the Eastern Bloc, countries adopted very similar policies and models to the USSR. Governments in Western Europe saw state intervention as necessary to rebuild economies shattered by war. Government control over natural monopolies was common. Typical sectors included telephones, electric power, fossil fuels, iron ore, railways, airlines, media, postal services, banks, and water. Many large industrial corporations were also nationalized or created as government corporations, including, among many others: British Steel Corporation, Statoil and Irish Sugar.

DSB (railway company)

DSB, an abbreviation of "Danske Statsbaner", "Danish State Railways"), is the largest Danish train operating company, and the largest in Scandinavia. DSB is responsible for passenger train operation on most of the Danish railways, but not goods transport and railway maintenance. DSB runs a commuter rail system, called the S-train, in the area around the Danish capital, Copenhagen, that connects the different areas and suburbs in the area. Between 2010 and 2017, DSB operated trains in Sweden.

DSB was founded in 1885, when the state-owned companies "De jysk-fynske Statsbaner" and "De sjællandske Statsbaner" merged. The state in 1867 under the name De Jutland-Fynske Statsbaner took over the private company Det Danske Jernbanedriftselskab and in 1880 they also took over the privately owned Zealand Railway Company.

It is an independent public state-owned corporation under the Danish Ministry of Transport and Energy. 

Leptomantis belalongensis

Leptomantis belalongensis is a frog. It lives in Brunei and Malaysia.

The adult male frog is 25.8-30.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 34.7-38.2 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is gray or light brown in color. There are small dark brown spots on its back and sides. There are some blue spots on the sides of the body. The iris of the eye is red and yellow in color with a black circle around the outside.

This frog lives in rainforests. It sits on plants next to streams, 1-3 m above the ground. People have seen the males 10 m above the ground. The female frog lays eggs in a foam nest on leaves over streams.

People saw this frog in Brunei where two rivers came together and in Gunung Mulu National Park in Malaysia. Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because, even though it only lives in a small place, that place is only in protected parks: Ulu Temburong National Park and Gunung Mulu National Park.

DJ Phil

Philip Eze, professionally known as Dj Phil, is a Nigerian disc jockey, music producer, and entrepreneur. He is the first official DJ in Nigeria to have a Dj mix project sit in the top 10 albums on Apple music’s chart.

His Dj mix peaked at number 2 on the chart and he has since released various mixes with official support from Apple Music that have done immensely well. Dj Phil is popular in the ever buzzing nightlife industry in Lagos, having several residencies at nightclubs in Lagos and around Nigeria..

Born & raised in Lagos, Nigeria, Philip Eze “'DJ Phil” began his music career at a young age. Philip, like he is fondly called by family and close friends, is a prolific and super talented Disk jockey and entertainer.

DJ Phil picked up an interest in the beautiful rhythms and melodies he was exposed to from his schooling at a young age. His big break came shortly after he zeroed in on his decision to pursue music professionally in 2016 supported by an emerging youth alternative culture that was gradually making its way from the obscure underground circles to the mainstream market.

DJ Phil gained popularity by performing at various clubs and parties in the city. His breakthrough came in 2022 when he released a mixtape called Amapiano Essentials exclusively on Apple Music. It became a hit, reaching number 7 on the Apple Music Nigeria Top Albums chart and staying in the top 10 for weeks. This success followed his earlier mixtape release in 2016 called Strange Tales.

In 2021 and 2022, there was a rise in the popularity of DJ mixes on Apple Music in Africa, and DJ Phil was among those who benefited from this trend. His mixtape, Amapiano Essentials, became one of the notable releases in the country, further boosting his career.


Principle of contradiction

The principle of contradiction (principium contradictionis), in logic, is a term that applies to the second of the three primary "laws of thought." The oldest statement of the law is that contradictory statements cannot both at the same time be true, e.g. the two propositions "He is Cynical" and "He is not Cynical" are mutually exclusive. That is, one of these must be false as both cannot hold truth at the same time and in the same manner.

Rail transport in Denmark

The rail transport system in Denmark has 2,633 km of railway lines. The Copenhagen S-train network, the main line Helsingør-Copenhagen-Padborg (at the German border), and the Lunderskov-Esbjerg line are electrified. Most traffic is on passenger trains. There is also a lot of cargo that goes between Sweden and Germany.

Maintenance work on most Danish railway lines is done by Banedanmark, a state-owned company that also allocates tracks for train operators. Most passenger trains are operated by DSB, with Arriva and Nordjyske Jernbaner operating on some lines in Jutland. Freight transport is mainly done by DB Schenker Rail, although other operators take care of a significant portion of the local traffic.

Denmark is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Denmark is 86.

Rail transport in Norway

The Norwegian railway system has 4,109 km of (standard gauge) track of which 2,644 km is electrified and 274 km double track. There are 697 tunnels and 2,760 bridges.

The Norwegian Railway Directorate manages the railway network in Norway on behalf of the Ministry of Transportation. Bane NOR is a state enterprise which builds and maintains all railway tracks, while other companies operate them. These companies include Vy and subsidiaries Vy Gjøvikbanen and CargoNet, Flytoget, Go-Ahead, SJ Norge, Green Cargo, Grenland Rail and Hector Rail.

Norway is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Norway is 76.

Oslo Central Station

Oslo Central Station is the main railway station in Oslo, and the largest railway station in the Norwegian railway system. It connects with Jernbanetorget station, which is served by trams and the Oslo Metro. It's the end of the Drammen Line, Gardermoen Line, Gjøvik Line, Hoved Line, Østfold Line and Follo Line. It serves express, regional and local rail services by four companies. The railway station is operated by Bane NOR while its real estate subsidiary, Bane NOR Eiendom owns the station, and was opened in 1980.

Oslo Central Station was built on the site of the older Oslo East Station. Combining the former east and west stations was made possible by the opening of the Oslo Tunnel. Oslo Central Station has 19 tracks, 13 of them have connections through the Oslo Tunnel. The station has two buildings, the original Oslo East building and the newer main building for Oslo Central. Each building houses a large shopping centre. The square in front of the station is called Jernbanetorget.

Luciano De Ambrosis

Luciano De Ambrosis (born 1937) is an italian actor and voice actor from Turin. He is the father of the voice actor Massimo De Ambrosis.

Bergen station

Bergen Station is the main railway station in the city of Bergen, Norway. It is a terminal station on the Bergen Line, and serves trains from Oslo as well as the Bergen Commuter Rail from Arna, Voss and Myrdal. It is located on the east side of the city centre and has four platforms. The station was opened in 1913, four years after the Bergen Line itself opened; it replaced a former main station that was located further west.

The station building is one of the grandest in Norway. The architect, Jens Zetlitz Monrad Kielland, designed it in the National Romantic style. He also designed Gamlehaugen, and the stone buildings at Bryggen. The building has been protected against non-trivial modifications since 2003.

Narvik Station

Narvik is a railway station in Narvik Municipality in Nordland, Norway on the Ofoten Line. The station is in the town of Narvik, about from the end of the line at the Port of Narvik. There are three daily passenger trains from Kiruna, Luleå and Stockholm in Sweden. Vy Tåg runs the passenger trains. The station is above sea level and is from Stockholm. It was opened in 1902 along with Ofotbanen and the Iron Ore Line.
Narvik is the farthest north station in the Schengen Area. It is the farthest north standard-gauge railway station in the world. It is the northern end of one of Europe's most celebrated night trains. The leaves Stockholm around six every afternoon and reaches Lappmarken early the following morning. Then it goes over the mountains which are the modern frontier between Sweden and Norway to reach the Ofotfjord. On the south shore of the fjord is the port of Narvik, where it arrives early afternoon. It is a journey which has been praised as "surely one of the most engaging adventures by train in all Europe".

Onward journey is by bus only. The Narvik bus station is about further south (). Northbound buses stop also at the E6 highway () a few hundred metres from the railway station, but not at the railway station. Southbound buses go from the bus station.

Found Heaven

Found Heaven will be the third album by Conan Gray. It will be released on April 5, 2024, by Republic Records.

The whole tracklist hasn't been announced. Five of the tracks have been announced.

Found Heaven On Tour

Found Heaven On Tour will be the fifth concert tour by Conan Gray. It is for his album "Found Heaven". It will start on July 11, 2024, and end on November 10, 2024.

Rail transport in Sweden

Rail transport in Sweden is a network of 10,912 kilometres (6,780 mi). The first railway line in Sweden was built in 1855. The major operator of passenger trains was the state-owned SJ. Today around 70% of all rail traffic is subsidised local and regional trains. They are run by the regional public transport authorities. Passenger traffic has increased significantly since 2000. In 2019 Sweden was number five in the world measured in passenger kilometres per person and number three in the European union. It was 8th in the world when measured by passenger share.
In 1988 the Swedish parliament separated the ownership of rail infrastructure from train operations. Sweden was the first European country to do this. They also opened the railway system to private train operators, including open-access operators, with competitive bidding for regional service contracts. 

In 2019, the Swedish railways were called 'the most deregulated railways in the world'.

Sweden is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Sweden is 74.

SJ AB

SJ (formally "SJ AB") is a government-owned passenger train operator in Sweden. It was created in 2001, out of the public transport division of "Statens Järnvägar." That was a government agency. It was divided into six separate government-owned limited companies. In 2018, SJ carried 31.8 million passengers.

SJ's runs both subsidised and unsubsidised services. . The subsidised trains are awarded through competitive bids. However, some trains fall in between these categories, since public transit agencies can pay SJ to allow transit pass holders to use SJ's trains.

SJ received a government bailout a few years after its creation, but has since had profit margins of up to 10 %. All train operators in Sweden pay low track access charges to the track authority, Trafikverket.

Rail transport in Russia

Rail transport in Russia is one of the biggest railway networks in the world. Russian railways are the third longest by length and third by volume of freight hauled, after the railways of the United States and China. In overall density of operations (freight ton-kilometers + passenger-kilometers)/length of track, Russia is second only to China. Rail transport in Russia has been described as one of the economic wonders of the 19th, 20th, and 21st centuries.

JSC Russian Railways has a near-monopoly on long-distance train travel in Russia, with a 98.6% market share in 2017. Independent long-distance carriers include Grand Service Express TC, Tverskoy Express, TransClassService, Sakhalin Passenger Company, Kuzbass Suburb, and Yakutian Railway.

Russia is larger than both the United States and China in terms of total land area. Its rail density (rail tracking/country area) is lower than those two countries. Russia's population density is also much lower so the Russian railways carry freight and passengers over very long distances, often through vast, nearly empty spaces. Coal and coke make up almost one-third of the freight traffic and have average hauls of around 1,500 kilometers. Ferrous metals make up another 10% of freight traffic and travel an average of over 1,900 kilometers. Railroads are often key to getting supplies to remote parts of the country.

Like most railways, rail transport in Russia carries both freight and passengers. It is one of the most freight-dominant railways in the world, behind only Canada, the United States, and Estonia in the ratio of freight ton-kilometers to passenger-kilometers. Per head of population intercity passenger travel is far greater than the United States (which has the lowest long-distance passenger train usages in the developed world).

There are seventeen regional railways. Most rail of the network uses the 1,520 mm Russian gauge. The Poland–Russia border line to Kaliningrad uses the 1,435 mm Standard gauge.

In 1981, there were 33,400 kilometers of narrow gauge.

Rail transport in Austria

Rail transport in Austria is mainly owned by the national rail company ÖBB. The railway network consists of 6,123 km, its gauge is and 3,523 km are electrified. 

There are some funiculars, rack railways and a lot of heritage railways mainly on disused lines. Some secondary lines are set up in narrow gauge.

Austria is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Austria is 81.

Austrian Federal Railways

The Austrian Federal Railways and formerly the or BBÖ), now commonly known as ÖBB, is the national railway company of Austria. It also runs Liechtenstein's railway. The ÖBB group is owned entirely by the Republic of Austria. It is divided into several separate businesses that manage the infrastructure and operate passenger and cargo services.

The Austrian Federal Railways was first formed in 1923, using the "Bundesbahn Österreich" name, as a successor to the Imperial Royal Austrian State Railways. It was incorporated into the "Deutsche Reichsbahn" during the 1938–1945 Anschluss. It was reformed in 1947, under the slightly different name "Österreichische Bundesbahnen", and still uses this name.

The Austrian rail system is mostly electrified. Electrification began in 1912 but did not reach an advanced state until the 1950s. The last steam locomotive in regular service on the standard gauge network was retired in 1978.

Major changes currently being made to the Austrian railway network are the construction of the Koralm Railway, the Semmering Base Tunnel and the Brenner Base Tunnel connection with Italy. 

Eurobarometer surveys conducted in 2018 showed that satisfaction levels of Austrian rail passengers are among the highest in the European Union when it comes to punctuality, reliability and frequency of trains. Furthermore, with their "Nightjet" brand, ÖBB operates Europe's largest night train fleet.

Unlike other major railway companies in Europe that offer more flexible cancellation policies, ÖBB only offers two types of tickets: full-price tickets, and cheaper but non-exchangeable and non-refundable tickets.

Rail transport in Latvia

Rail transport in Latvia is done on Russian gauge. The main railway company is the state-owned Latvian Railways (LDz), with its subsidiary Pasažieru vilciens running passenger services.

Latvia had lot of different rail gauges, both standard gauge and narrow gauge. These were gradually replaced by the Russian gauge after the Soviet occupation of the Baltic states.

The Rail Baltica project aims to connect Latvia and the other Baltic states to the European standard gauge by approximately 2030. Ten regional stations are planned in the section from Bauska to Salacgrīva.

Although PV has been a monopoly in passenger trains, in February 2022 the Road Transport Administration of the Ministry of Transport of Latvia announced the first market survey on potential private rail passenger service providers.

Riga Central Station

Riga Central Station ( is the main railway station in Riga, Latvia. It is known as the main point of Riga due to its central location, and most forms of public transport stop in this area. Part of the building is a shopping centre.

Three rail mainlines connect the station to the east:
Two rail mainlines connect the station to the west:
The Rail Baltica line is planned to go through the station. In February 2024, the first Rooftop Ceremony for the line was performed there. Riga Central Railway Hub will become the largest passenger terminal in the Baltics. 

List of captains regent of San Marino 1500-1900

This is a list of captains regent of San Marino from 1500 to 1900. They are elected every six months

(information is very incomplete).

Andrea Sabbatini April 1527

Federico Gozi October 1629- October 1640

Giulio Alberoni end Oct 1739

Antonio Onofri October 1791- April 1821

Lodovico Belluzzi April 1821-April 1834

Domenico Maria Belzoppi April 1834- April 1853

Innocenzo Bonelli April 1853-April 1878

Camillo Bonelli October 1878

Domenico Fattori October 1878-April 1900


Rail transport in Lithuania

Rail transport in Lithuania has freight shipments and passenger services. The first railway line in Lithuania began in 1859. , the total length of railways in Lithuania was . Lietuvos Geležinkeliai, the national state-owned railway company, runs most of the passenger and freight services.

The country has a mixed gauge network: Most of it is broad gauge Russian standard. The new lines use the standard gauge or dual gauge track. In 2020, Lithuania together with the other Baltic states began construction of the Rail Baltica high-speed rail which will have an operating speed of 249 km/h for the passenger trains. The project marks a new era for Lithuanian railways and is expected to be completed by 2030.

Lithuania is a member of the Intergovernmental Organisation for International Carriage by Rail (OTIF) and International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Lithuania is 24. As an EU member, the country is in the European Union Agency for Railways. It is also a member of Interrail and Eurail. Lithuania was ranked 16th among national European rail systems in the European Railway Performance Index 2017 assessing intensity of use, quality of service and safety.

Lithuanian Railways

Lithuanian Railways, abbreviated LTG, is the national state-owned railway company of Lithuania. It runs most of the railway network in the country. It has several subsidiary companies. The main ones are: LTG Link which provides passenger services, LTG Cargo which provides freight service, and LTG Infra which is responsible for the maintenance and development of the infrastructure. 

During 2022, Lithuanian Railways transported 4.69 million passengers and 31.0 million tonnes of freight; the majority of freight was oil products and fertilizers.

Vilnius railway station

Vilnius Central Railway Station is an LTG Link train station in Vilnius, Lithuania. The railway station is between two neighbourhoods of Vilnius — Naujininkai and Naujamiestis — and on the edge of the Old Town.

The station was opened in 1869 while building the Saint Petersburg–Warsaw Railway. It was destroyed in 1945 during the World War II and in 1950 it was rebuilt in socialist realism style. The station was renovated in 1998 and then again in 2023.

Precociality and altriciality

In the study of biology of birds and mammals, some babies are born needing a lot of care because they can't move much. These babies are called altricial. Others are ready to move and do things on their own soon after they are born. These babies are called precocial. Precocial babies are often ready to leave their home (like a nest) very soon after they are born or hatched. 

In fish, the difference is about if a baby fish is born with a stomach ready to digest food. Precocial fish babies have a stomach from the start, but altricial fish babies do not.

Altricial babies are not ready to do much when they are born. They need their parents to feed them and keep them safe for a while.

The word "altricial" comes from a Latin word that means "to feed". This is because these babies need to be fed by their parents.

Precocial babies are more ready to take care of themselves soon after they are born or hatched.

"Precocial" comes from a word that means "early ripening" in Latin.

The difference between altricial and precocial babies matters because it affects how the animals live, how they are cared for by their parents, and how they survive in the wild.

There are many kinds of animals between these two types.

Province of Pennsylvania

The Province of Pennsylvania was a British colony in North America that existed from 1681 until 1776. It was founded by William Penn under a royal charter granted by King Charles II. Penn envisioned Pennsylvania as a place of religious freedom and tolerance, attracting settlers from various European countries seeking refuge from persecution.

The history of the Province of Pennsylvania begins with the granting of land by King Charles II to William Penn in 1681. Penn, a Quaker, sought to establish a colony where people of all religious beliefs could live together peacefully. He named the colony "Pennsylvania," which means "Penn's Woods" in honor of his father, Admiral William Penn.

Pennsylvania quickly became a haven for religious dissenters, including Quakers, Mennonites, Baptists, and others fleeing persecution in Europe. The colony's policy of religious tolerance and democratic governance attracted settlers from diverse backgrounds.

Philadelphia, founded in 1682, became the capital of Pennsylvania and a thriving commercial center. It was known as the "City of Brotherly Love" and played a crucial role in the American Revolution as a meeting place for the Continental Congress and a hub of revolutionary activity.

Throughout the colonial period, Pennsylvania was marked by a unique blend of cultures and traditions. The colony's economy was based on agriculture, trade, and manufacturing, with Philadelphia emerging as a leading center of commerce and industry.

The government of the Province of Pennsylvania was characterized by its democratic principles and commitment to religious freedom. William Penn established a representative assembly known as the Pennsylvania Provincial Council, which worked alongside the governor to enact laws and govern the colony.

Pennsylvania's society was diverse, with settlers from various European countries, including England, Scotland, Ireland, Germany, and Sweden. The colony's policy of religious tolerance allowed different faiths to coexist peacefully, contributing to its reputation as a haven for religious minorities.

The Province of Pennsylvania played a significant role in the history of the United States. Its commitment to religious freedom, democratic governance, and cultural diversity laid the foundation for the principles upon which the nation was built.

Pennsylvania was one of the original thirteen colonies that rebelled against British rule during the American Revolution. The Declaration of Independence was signed in Philadelphia in 1776, marking the colony's transition to statehood and its contribution to the birth of a new nation.

Today, Pennsylvania is a state known for its rich history, vibrant cities, and diverse population. Philadelphia remains a cultural and economic center, while the state's rural areas are characterized by agriculture and natural beauty.
Rail Baltica

Rail Baltica is a rail infrastructure project that is intended to link the Baltic states to the . The plan is to improve rail connections between Central and Northern Europe southeast of the Baltic Sea. The plan is for a continuous rail link from Tallinn (Estonia) to Warsaw (Poland), going through Riga (Latvia), Kaunas, and Vilnius (Lithuania). Its total length in the Baltic States is , with in Estonia, in Latvia, and in Lithuania. Rail Baltica is one of the priority projects of the European Union. 

Rail Baltica will be the first large-scale mainline standard gauge railway in the area. The rail networks in Finland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are mainly in Russian gauge (1,520 mm). These countries' first railways were built in the second half of the 19th century while they were part of the Russian Empire. 

The benefits to Baltic society and business may be €16.2 billion, according to a study produced by Ernst & Young. At the end of April 2021, governments of Estonia and Finland promised to cooperate in the area of transport. 

Rail Baltica will be an electric railway, which will reduce carbon emissions. The railway has been planned to avoid Natura 2000 protected areas, and minimising impacts on other environmentally sensitive protected areas. Noise protection barriers will be installed. Special animal passages will be built through the embankment.

The railway project will enable transportation of freight through two or more methods of transportation. Rail Baltica includes plans for three multimodal freight terminals in Muuga Harbour (Estonia), Salaspils (Latvia), and Kaunas (Lithuania). There will be seven international passenger stations—in Tallinn, Pärnu, Riga, Riga Airport, Panevežys, Kaunas, and Vilnius. There could be regional stations and connections to airports and seaports. Riga Central Railway Hub will become the largest passenger terminal in the Baltics.

The section from Helsinki to Tallinn will be operated by existing commercial ferries. In the future, a proposed Helsinki to Tallinn Tunnel could provide a rail link between the two cities.

Rail transport in Estonia

The rail transport system in Estonia has about of railway lines, of which are currently in public use. The infrastructure of the railway network is mostly owned by the state and is regulated and surveyed by the Estonian Technical Surveillance Authority.

All public railways in Estonia are (Russian gauge). The gauge used in Estonia is also compatible with Finland's gauge. Sometimes it is defined to be when buying track maintenance or vehicles from Finland.

Railways in Estonia today are used mostly for freight transport, but also for passenger traffic. 8.3 million passengers were reported in 2019. Passenger transport is most frequent near Tallinn, centred on the main Tallinn Baltic Station.

The Tallinn to Tartu railway is due to be electrified by 2024, with electrification of the remaining network expected to be completed by 2028. 16 new electric trains manufactured by Škoda Transportation are due to come into service starting 2024.

Tallinn Baltic Station

Baltic Station () is the main railway station in Tallinn, Estonia, and the largest railway station in Estonia. All local commuter, long-distance and international trains depart from the station. The planned Rail Baltica line will not go here, but to Ülemiste railway station.

Balti jaam is in central Tallinn immediately northwest of the city's Old town. It stands close to a large market called the Baltic Station Market.

The first station opened in 1870 when a railway line connecting Saint Petersburg with Paldiski via Tallinn was opened. The station was completely reconstructed between 1960–1966, and in 2005, the station building was completely renewed.

Ülemiste railway station

Ülemiste railway station () is a railway station in the Ülemiste sub-district of Tallinn, the capital city of Estonia. It is about 500 metres from Tallinn Airport, to which it has been connected by a tramline since 2017.

The station is served by the trains of the Estonian government-owned passenger train operator, Elron. Express trains from Tallinn Baltic Station stop at Ülemiste on the way to Tartu and Narva, and there is a commuter service to stations on the line to Aegviidu.

Ülemiste station will be Rail Baltica's Tallinn terminus, which is planned to open in 2030. High-speed trains on Rail Baltica will connect the three Baltic capitals to Poland using the new standard-gauge railway. An international competition was held to find a design for the new terminal with "Light Stream" by Zaha Hadid Architects being declared as the winner. The new station will be directly linked to Tallinn Airport by a pedestrian bridge.


Elron (rail transit)

AS Eesti Liinirongid, operating as Elron, is a government-owned passenger train operator in Estonia.

Before 2014, the company ran the electrified commuter rail system in Harjumaa. It was known until October 2013 as "Elektriraudtee", i.e. "the Electrical Railway". On 1 January 2014, Elron took over all domestic passenger train services in Estonia from Edelaraudtee.

The company was founded as "Elektriraudtee" in 1998. It started as a subsidiary of Eesti Raudtee. It was separated entirely within two years. 

In May 2013, the Estonian government declared that Elron would be the sole domestic passenger operator in Estonia. The Estonian operator Edelaraudtee was taken away from the passenger sector. There was a legal dispute between Edelaraudtee and the Estonian government over compensation for lost revenue from the operator's forced withdrawal from passenger services.

Faggots (novel)

Faggots is a 1978 book by Larry Kramer. It is a parody of New York's gay community before AIDS existed. The book showing gay sex and usage of drugs caused many to dislike and was condemned by the gay community.

Andrea Sabbatini

Andrea Sabbatini (1487–1530) was a Captain Regent of San Marino. He was also an Italian painter of the Renaissance.

Who You'd Be Today

"Who You'd Be Today" is a song written by Aimee Mayo and Bill Luther and recorded by American country music singer Kenny Chesney. It was released in September 2005 as the first single from Chesney's 2005 album "The Road and the Radio".

The music video was directed by Shaun Silva and premiered on CMT on September 29, 2005.

The music video reached number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for the week of December 15, 2005.

Amurru (god)

Amurru, also known under the Sumerian name Martu (in Sumerian and Sumerograms: 𒀭𒈥𒌅), was a Mesopotamian god who served as the divine personification of the Amorites. In past scholarship it was often assumed that he originated as an Amorite deity, but today it is generally accepted that he developed as a divine stereotype of them in Mesopotamian religion. As such, he was associated with steppes and pastoralism, as evidenced by his epithets and iconography. While this was initially his only role, he gradually developed other functions, becoming known as a god of the mountains, a warlike weather deity and a divine exorcist.
Yedlinite

Yedlinite is a purple mineral that can be found at Mammoth-Saint Anthony Mine, Arizona, United States. It has a formula of Pb₆Cr(Cl,OH)₆(O,OH)₈. It was discovered in 1974 and named after Leo Neal Yedlin.

Usman (name)

Usman is the Turkish, Persian, and Urdu translation of the Arabic name Uthman. The first usage of the name in the English speaking world was William Osmere during the rule of King Henry III in the year 1230 as Osman.

Afghan refugees

Afghan refugees are people from Afghanistan who had flee their country as a result of war or persecution. In 1978, the Saur Revolution occured followed by the 1979 Soviet invasion which made a wave of refugee migration to neighboring Iran and Pakistan, as well as internationally from there. Due to decades of continuous civil war, over 6 million Afghan refugees were living in Iran and Pakistan by 2000. Most refugees returned to Afghanistan following the 2001 United States invasion and the end of the Taliban regime. However after 2021 when the Taliban came back to power, a number started to leave the country while others returned to Afghanistan. 

Abdul Salam Hanafi

Abdul Salam Hanafi is from Jowzjan Province in northern Afghanistan. He has studied at various religious seminaries in Karachi, Pakistan.

An ethnic Uzbek, Hanafi was born in 1969 in Jowzjan Province.

He later moved to Pakistan for further religious studies. He studied the traditional Islamic sciences, mathematics, logic and other subjects at a university called Jamia Darul Uloom in Karachi. 

Outside religion he also studied computer science, accounting and languages, mastering, outside his native Uzbek, Pashto, Persian, English, Arabic, Urdu, Kyrgyz, Turkmen and Turkish.

Karl Putzendopler

Karl Putzendopler (24 April 1898 – 11 January 1983) was an Austrian football player. He played for Rapid Wien and FC Basel. 1928-29 he was player coach of FC Black Stars Basel and reached promotion to the Swiss Serie A. 

Dawa'a al-Jihad

Dawa'a al-Jihad (Arabic: "Call to Struggle") was a militant university established at an Afghan refugee camp near Peshawar, Pakistan, by Abdul Rasul Sayyaf in the 1980s.

Zdeněk Nehoda

Zdeněk Nehoda (born 9 May 1952, in Hulín) is a former Czech football forward. At international level, he played for Czechoslovakia, making 91 appearances and scoring 31 goals, usually as a right-winger. He was a participant in the 1982 FIFA World Cup. He won a gold medal in the UEFA Euro 1976 and a bronze medal in the UEFA Euro 1980. He was known for his flamboyant dribbling skills, and stood out for his leadership qualities, he was a quick winger who beat the opponents very often, he is regarded as one of the best Czechoslovak football players of all time. 
The former Czechoslovakia international started his career in Hulín. For the 1967/68 season, the striker was signed by TJ Gottwaldov, with whom he made his debut in the first division in 1969 at the age of 17. In 1971 he moved to Dukla Prague, where he stayed until 1983, winning three championships and winning the cup twice.

At the beginning of 1983 he went to the then second division club SV Darmstadt 98, for whom he scored 14 goals in 32 games until December 1983. He then moved to Belgium to Standard Liège, where he stayed for six months. He then played for FC Grenoble for two years. From 1986 to 1993 he was a player and later player-coach of the Austrian SC Amaliendorf.

Zdeněk Nehoda played 345 games in the Czechoslovak First League and scored 145 goals.
He played 90 international matches for the Czechoslovak national team and scored the second most goals with 31 goals, making him the Czechoslovakian record national player. He became European football champions with Czechoslovakia in 1976 and came third at the European Championships in Italy in 1980. He took part in the 1982 World Cup, but was eliminated with Czechoslovakia after the preliminary round. In the qualifying games for the 1976 European Football Championship, he scored four goals in seven appearances and qualified with coach Václav Ježek's national team as group winners ahead of England and Portugal for the European Championship finals from June 16th to 20th, 1976 in Yugoslavia. In the qualifying games for the 1980 European Championship in Italy, he scored two goals in three appearances for coach Jozef Vengloš's team.
Even before Zdeněk Nehoda became an officially licensed player's agent, he worked as a manager at Dukla Prague in 1991, and from 1992 to 1994 he worked in the same position at Sparta Prague . In 1995 he was briefly a manager at Union Cheb.

Since 1995 he has been working as a player agent with his own company NEHODA-FOTBAL sro; the players he represents include, for example, Pavel Nedvěd and Tomáš Řepka.
TJ Gottwaldov

Dukla Prague

Czechoslovakia


Wenxiu

She was the wife of last emperor of china
Pavel Durov

Pavel Valeryevich Durov ( born 10 October 1984) is a Russian-born French-Kittitian–Emirati entrepreneur. He started the social networking site VK and the app Telegram Messenger. He is the younger brother of Nikolai Durov. In 2024 his net worth is estimated at $11.5bn billion. In 2022, he was the richest person in the United Arab Emirates, according to "Forbes". In February 2023, "Arabian Business" named him the most powerful entrepreneur in Dubai.

He left St Petersburg after he refused to share the data of some Ukrainian users of VK with Russia’s security agency, the FSB. He has been called a freedom fighter with coding ingenuity.

For some years after 2014, the Durov brothers travelled the world in self-imposed exile as citizens of Saint Kitts and Nevis.

In 2017, Pavel joined the World Economic Forum Young Global Leaders as a representative of Finland. Durov was naturalized as French in August 2021 and now has European Union citizenship.

Netrawati river

Netrawati River is located in the Dhading District in the Bagmati Zone of Nepal. Netrawati River is also known as the Ankhu Khola River. The river flows more than 200km far away from East to West. It's width is 6m and the bottom is 35m wider. Netrawati merges with the of Nepal. 

The main source for the .
Leptomantis pseudacutirostris

The Sumatran sharp-nose tree frog ("Leptomantis pseudacutirostris") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia in Kerinci Seblat National Park. People have seen it 1000 meters above sea level.

Scientists do not know much information about this frog. They think it lives in forests on hills and mountains. They think it lays eggs in clear, rocky streams.

In 2017, scientists looked at this frog's DNA. They think it could be the same frog as "Rhacophorus modestus". 

Government of Russia

The government of Russia is the executive body of state power of the Russian Federation. The members of the government are the prime minister, the deputy prime ministers, and the federal ministers. The legal basis is the Constitution of the Russian Federation and the federal constitutional law "On the Government of the Russian Federation". The Apparatus of the Government of Russia is a governmental body which administers the activities of the government.

According to the current 1993 constitution, the president is not a part of the government of Russia, which exercises executive power. However, the president appoints the prime minister.

According to the constitution, the government of the Russian Federation must:

Processing

Processing is graphics library and IDE made for teaching non programmers programming in a visual way. It uses the Java language with simplification and more classes. It uses a GUI for making it easier to make and run a program. It has been used in projects such as Arduino and Wiring. It was created by former MIT workers Casey Reas and Ben Fry in the year 2001.

Socialist Alliance (Australia)

Socialist Alliance (Australia) is a federally registered political party in Australia. Formed in 2001, it operates under a unique 'Constitution' , which aligns with doctrines of radical Socialism and Communist-like social, political and economic models.
Ministry of Interior (Pakistan)

The Ministry of Interior (Urdu: وزارتِ داخلہ, abbreviated as MoI) is a Cabinet-level ministry of the Government of Pakistan, tasked and primarily responsible for implementing the internal policies, state security, administration of internal affairs involving the state and assisting the government on territorial affairs of Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata), and insular areas of Provincially Administered Tribal Areas (PATA).

Rail transport in Finland

The Finnish railway network has a total track length of . The railways are built with a broad 1524 mm track gauge. is electrified. 

Passenger trains are run by the state-owned enterprise VR. These services cover all major cities and many rural areas. The coverage is less than the coverage provided by the bus services. Most passenger train services originate or terminate at Helsinki Central railway station. VR also operates freight services. Maintenance and construction of the railway network itself is the responsibility of the Finnish Rail Administration, which is a part of the Finnish Transport Agency. Cargo yards and large stations may have their own signalling systems.

Finnish trains have a reputation for being spacious, comfortable and clean. The scenery round the railway lines is beautiful, especially in Eastern Finland with its many lakes. Commuter services are rare outside the Helsinki area, but there are express train connections between most of the cities. Night trains only run on the lines between Helsinki or Turku via Oulu to Lapland (minimum distance of . Most tracks are free for nightly freight traffic (about 40 million tonnes per year). 

VR Group

VR-Group Plc, commonly known as VR, is a government-owned railway company in Finland. It runs Finland's passenger rail services with 250 long-distance and 800 commuter rail services every day. It has 7,500 employees and net sales of €1,251 million in 2017.

VR was created in 1995 after being known as , Finnish: Suomen Valtion Rautatiet (Finnish State Railways) from 1862 to 1922, and "Valtionrautatiet" ('State Railways', ) from 1922 to 1995.

Avecra is a subsidiary for onboard catering service, Pohjolan Liikenne for bus traffic, VR Track for developing and maintaining of infrastructure and VR Transpoint for freight. Since 2017, its headquarters is in northern-central Helsinki.

Rail transport started in Finland in 1862 between Helsinki and Hämeenlinna. Many main lines and smaller private railways were built later. VR mainly operated on the high-demand main lines. During the twentieth century, most private railway companies were shut down and VR had a monopoly in rail transport.

Since 2010, the maintenance and the construction of the railway network have been the responsibility of the Finnish Transport Agency. The operation and network were originally carried out by the parent company "Valtionrautatiet" until 1995, when it was split into VR and the rail administration entity Ratahallintokeskus.

Companies in the group provide road freight and bus services, catering and real estate management. They provide data, technological, and telecommunications services for the transport and logistics sectors. The group owns a bus company, Pohjolan Liikenne, and a road freight haulage company VR Transpoint.

Altogether the group includes 21 companies employing a total of about 14,400 people.

Federico Gozi

Federico Gozi was Captain Regent of San Marino from October 1629- October 1640. His life is unknown

Leptomantis bimaculatus

The Mindanao flying frog, blue-legged tree frog, banded pigmy tree frog, Asiatic tree frog, or blue-spotted tree frog ("Leptomantis bimaculatus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines, in Luzon, Bohol, and Mindanao. People have seen it between 500 and 600 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees near water. It lives in forests that human beings have not changed. This frog lays eggs in foam nests on plants over water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

Helsinki Central railway station

Helsinki Central Station is the main station for commuter rail and long-distance trains in Helsinki, Finland. The station is used by about 200,000 people per day It is the terminus for all trains in the Helsinki commuter rail network, as well as for all Helsinki-bound long-distance trains in Finland. The Rautatientori (Central Railway Station) metro station is in the same building.

The railway tracks in Helsinki were built in the 1860s. The station building, clad in granite, was designed by Eliel Saarinen and opened in 1919. The building is known for its clock tower and the "Lyhdynkantajat" ("The Lantern Bearers") statues by Emil Wikström. Helsinki Central was chosen as one of the world's most beautiful railway stations by BBC in 2013. The Helsinki Central Station has become the symbol of the entire railway network in Finland. The VR Group uses the image of the station and the statues next to its main entrance in its advertising.

Kurixalus

Kurixalus is a group of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae. Scientists have studied exactly how these frogs are related to other frogs, and they have changed their minds many times about what to call these frogs. The scientists decided to make "Kurixalus" a group after looking at the frogs' DNA. These frogs live in the Himalayan mountains in eastern India southward and eastward into Cambodia, Vietnam, southern China, Taiwan, and the Ryukyu Islands.

, scientists say there are 19 species in "Kurixalus":


Giulio Alberoni

Giulio Alberoni (21 May 1664 OS – 26 June NS 1752) was a captain regent of San Marino. He was also an Italian cardinal and statesman in the service of Philip V of Spain.

Frotteurism

Frotteuristic disorder, or frotteurism, is a rare and poorly researched type of paraphilia. It involves the act of touching or rubbing one’s genitals against another non-consenting individual in a sexual manner to attain sexual gratification.

The exact etiology is not known, but many theories exist regarding the cause of frotteurism. Psychoanalysts propose that individuals with frotteurism may have unmet needs to rub themselves against the victim and cuddle, like an infant with his mother. Individuals engaging in these behaviors may fantasize that they share an exclusive and caring relationship with their non-consenting victims during the act. 

Kurt Freu has proposed that these individuals may also have problems with tactile interactions that may occur during normal human erotic or sexual interactions. There has been some research to postulate a biological mechanism, primarily the monoamine pathway, resulting in abnormal sexual behavior.

Health technology

Health technology is defined by the World Health Organization as the "application of organized knowledge and skills in the form of devices, medicines, vaccines, procedures, and systems developed to solve a health problem and improve quality of lives". This includes pharmaceuticals, devices, procedures, and organizational systems used in the healthcare industry, as well as computer-supported information systems.

Greater investment in health technologies has reduced the number of medical errors happened. Paper records were replaced in many healthcare organizations by electronic health records. This has brought many changes to healthcare. Drug administration has improved. Healthcare providers can now access medical information easier, provide better treatments and faster results, and save money.

Abhira Brahmins

The Abhira-Brahmins or Ahir-Brahmins a branch of the Brahmin community of Maharastra, all have possibly decended from the original ancient Abhira tribe. according to historian Ramprasad Chanda, The Abhiras are a class of Brahmans of Maharastra who are the priests of Abhira or Ahir herdsmen and cultivators and are probably themselves of Abhira origin.
Metropolitan University, Sylhet

Metropolitan University is a private university located in Bateshwar, Sylhet. Established by Taufiq Rahman Chowdhury on 3 May 2003 with the approval of the Ministry of Education and under the "Private University Act 1992". Teaching is done in semester system, there are three semesters or terms in each year, the three terms are spring, summer, autumn semester. The undergraduate courses are of 4 years duration, and the postgraduate courses are of 1 year duration.


 
Al Qaeda in Iraq

Al-Qaeda in Iraq or Tanzim Qaidat al-Jihad fi Bilad al-Rafidayn was a Salafi militant group related to Al-Qaeda. It was created on the 17th of October 2004 and was led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and Abu Ayyub al-Masri until it become the Islamic State of Iraq on the 15th of October 2006.

Rail transport in Switzerland

With network length, Switzerland has a dense railway network. It is the clear European leader in kilometers traveled: 2,505 km per inhabitant per year in 2019. Worldwide, only the Japanese travel more by train.

100% of its network is electrified, except for the few tracks on which steam locomotives operate for tourism. There are 74 railway companies in Switzerland. The share of commuters who travel to work using public transport (as the main mode of transport) is 30%. The share of rail in goods transport performance by road and rail is 39%.

Switzerland was ranked first in the 2017 European Railway Performance Index for its intensity of use, quality of service and strong safety rating. Switzerland had excellent intensity of use, notably driven by passenger traffic, a good rating for quality of service, and a very good rating for safety. Switzerland captured high value in return for public investment with cost to performance ratios that outperform the average ratio for all European countries.

Swiss Federal Railways is the largest railway company in Switzerland and handles most of the national and international traffic. 

Switzerland is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Switzerland is 85.

Diana Nyad

Diana Nyad is a swimmer popularized by swimming from Cuba to Florida.she tried many times and only finished when she was 64 in 2013.
Rail transport in Italy

The Italian railway system has a total length of of which active lines are 16,723 km. The network has recently grown with the construction of the new high-speed rail network. Italy is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Italy is 83.

"Rete Ferroviaria Italiana", Italian Rail Network, is the state owned infrastructure manager. The Italian railway system has a length of , of which are standard gauge. The active lines are , of which are double tracks. Italy has 2,507 people and 12.46 km per kilometer of rail track, giving Italy the world's 13th largest rail network.

Lines are divided into 3 categories: 

Most of the Italian network is electrified (). Electric system is 3 kV DC on conventional lines and 25 kV AC on high-speed lines.

A major part of the Italian rail network is managed and operated by "Rete Ferroviaria Italiana". Other regional agencies, mostly owned by public entities such as regional governments, operate on the Italian network.

Travellers who often make use of the railway during their stay in Italy might use Rail Passes, such as the European Interrail or Italy's national and regional passes. These rail passes allow travellers to use regional trains without paying during the validity period, but all high-speed and intercity trains require a 10-euro reservation fee. Regional passes, such as "Io viaggio ovunque Lombardia", offer one-day, multiple-day and monthly period of validity. There are also saver passes for adults, who travel as a group, with savings up to 20%. Foreign travellers should purchase these passes in advance, so that the passes can be delivered by post prior to the trip. When using the rail passes, the date of travel needs to be filled in before boarding the trains.

Rete Ferroviaria Italiana

Rete Ferroviaria Italiana is the Italian railway infrastructure manager. It is a subsidiary of Ferrovie dello Stato, a state-owned holding company. RFI is the owner of Italy's railway network, it provides signalling, maintenance and other services for the railway network. It also operates train ferries between the Italian Peninsula and Sicily.

It was founded on 1 July 2001 in accordance with a European directive on rail transport that called for the separation of the infrastructure operator and the service operators. Before that the Italian rail network was managed directly by FS. The agency has been periodically accused to a failure to be impartial, including allegations of favouring sibling company Trenitalia over independent operations. 

Malachy McCourt

Malachy Gerard McCourt Jr. (September 20, 1931 – March 11, 2024) was an American actor, politician and writer. He was born in New York City. McCourt was raised in Limerick, Ireland. He was known for his annual Christmas-time appearances on "All My Children" as Father Clarence and for playing Francis Preston Blair in "Gods and Generals" (2003).

McCourt was the 2006 Green Party candidate for governor of New York. He lost to the Democratic candidate Eliot Spitzer. He was the younger brother of author Frank McCourt.

His movie roles include "The Molly Maguires" (1970), "The Brink's Job" (1978), "Q" (1982), "Brewster's Millions" (1985), "The January Man" (1989), "Beyond the Pale" (2000), and "Ash Wednesday" (2002).

In 1998, McCourt authored "A Monk Swimming", a memoir of his life in Limerick, Ireland. This memoir picks up roughly where Frank McCourt, the author's older brother, left off at the end of his Pulitzer Prize–winning "Angela's Ashes". 

McCourt married Linda Wachsman, and had two children with her. He had two more children by his second wife, Diana Galin.

In March 2023, McCourt left hospice care while being treated for prostate and skin cancer. He died at a hospital in New York City on March 11, 2024 at the age of 92.


Bhim Singh Rana

Raja Bhim Singh Rana (1707 AD – 1756 AD), was a Jat ruler whose kingdom was in Gohad in the north-western region of present-day Madhya Pradesh. Rana was his title, Bamraulia was his gotra. According to Alexander Cunningham and William Crookes, this town called Gohad near Gwalior was founded in 1505 AD by the Rana of Bamrauli village near Agra. He had given a tough fight to the Marathas many times. He had won the fort of Gwalior . Their descendants are the Jats of Kalirana, Tatrana, and also Rana gotra.
Ruler of Gohad Kingdom
The rule of the Rana rulers is the most glorious, dignified, long and old from the point of view of history, and continued to rule till the year of independence in 1947. The capital of Rana rulers was Gohad district Bhind , Gwalior , later Dholpur . Gohad reign period was 300 years from 1505 to 1805, after that Dholpur was for 142 years from 1805 to 1947, 442 years till country's independence, and Gwalior fort was ruled by Maharaja Bhim Singh Rana from 1754 till his death in 1756. After him, Maharaja Chhatra Singh Rana did it from 1761 to 1765 and from 1781 to 1783. Three capitals during the reign of Maharaja Chhatar Singh, Gohad district Bhind, Gwalior and Behat District Gwalior.
After the death of Rana Jaswant Singh, his son Rana Bhim Singh ascended the throne of Gohad . His ceremony was celebrated with great pomp in Gohad fort . At this time the power of Rana had increased a lot. Gohad fort was famous for its strong boundary wall and small fortified forts of Rana were built in nearby villages . Rana Bhim Singh kept soldiers on the nearby small forts for security. There were about 25000 soldiers in Rana 's army. The number of his Rana Sardars was 125.
Capture of Gwalior fort by Rana Bhim Singh (1754)
Maratha attack on Gwalior fort - When the Maratha army was returning south after lifting the siege of Kumher fort in 1754, one of their generals, Vitthal Shivdev Vinchurkar, made his military camp in Gwalior. Vinchurkar laid siege to the Gwalior fort and attacked it. Under the leadership of Kiledar Kishwar Ali Khan, the Rajput soldiers appointed by the Mughal emperor kept facing the Marathas for a month. At that time conspiracies were going on in the Mughal Empire . Because of which Marathas on Delhi Darbar Gwalior Fort couldn't send army to confront. Kiledar Kishwar Ali discussed with the high officials appointed on the fort. Kishwar Ali Khan's lawyer Kishandas advised that 'instead of surrendering to the robbers of the south, it would be appropriate to hand over Gopachalgarh Gohad to Rana Bhim Singh'.
According to the advice of the lawyer, Kiledar Kishwar Ali Khan sent a letter to Rana Bhim Singh of Gohad and informed about the decision to hand over the Gwalior fort to Rana Bhim Singh.


High-speed rail in Italy

High-speed rail in Italy connects most of the country's major cities. It is 1,467 km in 2024 but is being extended. The first line connects Turin to Salerno via Milan, Bologna, Florence, Rome and Naples, the second runs from Turin to Venice via Milan and Verona, and is under construction in parts. Trains are operated with a top speed of .

Passenger service is provided by Trenitalia and Italo, 25 million passengers travelled on the network in 2011. In 2015, ridership increased to 55 million for Trenitalia and 9.1 million for NTV, for a combined 64 million passengers.

Roma Termini railway station

Roma Termini is the main railway station of Rome, Italy. It is named after the district of the same name, which took its name from ancient Baths of Diocletian (in Latin, "thermae"), which is across the street from the main entrance. It is Italy's busiest railway station and the fifth-busiest in Europe, with about 150 million passengers per year, and with 850 trains in transit per day.

The station has regular train services to all major Italian cities, as well as daily international services to Munich, Geneva, and Vienna. With 32 platforms, Roma Termini is the joint largest railway station in Europe, tied with Paris' Gare du Nord and Munich's München Hbf.

Termini is also the main hub for public transport in Rome. Two Rome Metro lines (A and B) meet at Termini metro station, and a major bus station is located at Piazza dei Cinquecento, the square in front of the station. The main tram lines of the city cross at Porta Maggiore, some east of the station.

On 23 December 2006, the station was dedicated to Pope John Paul II.

München Hauptbahnhof

München Hauptbahnhof or Munich Central Station is the main railway station in the city of Munich, Germany. It is one of the three stations with long-distance services in Munich, the others being Munich East station ("München Ost") and Munich-Pasing station ("München-Pasing"). München Hauptbahnhof has about 450,000 passengers a day, which puts it on par with other large stations in Germany, such as Hamburg Hauptbahnhof and Frankfurt (Main) Hauptbahnhof. It is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 1 station, one of 21 in Germany and two in Munich, the other being "München Ost". The mainline station is a terminal station with 32 platforms. The subterranean S-Bahn with 2 platforms and U-Bahn stations with 6 platforms are through stations.

The first Munich station was built about to the west in 1839. A station at the current site was opened in 1849 and it has been rebuilt numerous times. The main station building was badly damaged during World War II.

The station is located close to Munich's city centre in the north of the borough of Ludwigsvorstadt-Isarvorstadt. The main entrance to the east of the station is via the Prielmayerstraße or Bayerstraße to Karlsplatz (Stachus). In the station forecourt ("Bahnhofsplatz") in front of the main entrance are tram stops on several lines.

The station is bordered to the north by Arnulfstraße and to the west by Paul-Heyse-Straße, which passes through a tunnel near the end of the platforms. The station is bordered to the south by Bayerstraße. The station precinct extends some distance to the west and ends at Donnersbergerbrücke.

The proposal for an extensive reconstruction project of Hauptbahnhof was launched in 2015 with planning approved in 2017 and 2018. It should be finished by 2028.

Rail transport in Hungary

Rail transport in Hungary is mainly owned by the national rail company MÁV, with part of the network owned and operated by GySEV.

The railway network is 7,893 km, its gauge is and 3,060 km is electrified.

Hungary is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC country code for Hungary is 55.


The standard and broad gauge railways are operated by the State Railways and also the following narrow gauge railways: Nyíregyháza–Balsai Tisza part/Dombrád; Balatonfenyves–Somogyszentpál; Kecskemét–Kiskunmajsa/Kiskőrös and the Children's Railway in Budapest. All the other narrow gauge railways are run by State Forest companies or local non-profit organisations. 

Hungarian State Railways

Hungarian State Railways () is the Hungarian national railway company, with divisions "MÁV START Zrt." (passenger services), and "Utasellátó" (onboard catering). The head office is in Budapest.

Construction of Hungary's first railway line began in the second half of 1844. The first steam locomotive railway line was opened on 15 July 1846 between Pest and Vác. 

By 1910 MÁV was one of the largest European railway companies.

In the 2010s Hungary received large EU funds to modernize its rail network.

Budapest Keleti station

Budapest Keleti station (; "eastern railway station") is the main international and inter-city railway terminal in Budapest, Hungary.

The station stands where Rákóczi Avenue splits to become Kerepesi Avenue and Thököly Avenue. Its name in 1891 originates not only from its position as the easternmost of the city's rail termini, but for its original role as a terminus of the lines from eastern Hungary including Transylvania, and the Balkans. In contrast, the Nyugati (western) railway station used to serve lines toward Vienna and Paris.

The building was designed in eclectic style by Gyula Rochlitz and János Feketeházy and built between 1881 and 1884. The main façade has two statues depicting James Watt and George Stephenson. Inside the station are frescos by Karoly Lotz.

Budapest Keleti has seven platforms serving thirteen tracks.

Rail transport in Bulgaria

Rail transport in Bulgaria services are operated by the Bulgarian State Railways. The infrastructure is owned by National Railway Infrastructure Company. 

The Ruse – Pliska - Varna, the first Bulgarian railway line, was started in 1864. The Ottoman government had contracted an English company to build it. The line, which was 223 km long, was opened in 1866.

In 1870 Baron Maurice de Hirsch started building the Constantinople – Luleburgaz - Edirne - Svilengrad - Plovdiv - Pazardzhik - Belovo railway line. It was completed three years later.

In 1885, the National Assembly passed the Railway Act. Railways in Bulgaria were considered state property and were to be operated by the state. In 1888 Stefan Stambolov's government took over the Vakarel – Belovo railway line. It was built and previously operated by Vitalis. On 1 August, the whole of the Tsaribrod (now Dimitrovgrad, Serbia) – Sofia – Belovo railway line was opened for international traffic. The state bought the Ruse – Varna railway line and started operating it on 10 August. The Bulgarian State Railways were set up. An independent Ministry of Railways, Post Offices and Telegraphs was established in 1912, followed by the State Railway School in 1923.

The scenic Septemvri-Dobrinishte narrow gauge line was finished in 1945. It goes through the station of Avramovo, which is the highest railway station on the Balkans at 1267.4 meters. Further on, it passes through the tourist centre of Bansko. The line is 760mm gauge, unelectrified, and is primarily served by diesel locomotives. There are also well preserved steam locomotives that run tours. Even though it is very attractive to tourists, it is also widely used by the local people.

Sofia Central Station

The Sofia Central Railway Station is the main passenger railway station of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. It is the largest railway station in the country. It is l1 km north of the city centre after Lavov most, on Marie Louise Boulevard next to the Central Bus Station Sofia. It was completely renovated in 2016.

The original building of the Sofia Railway Station was opened on 1 August 1888 to serve the Tsaribrod-Sofia-Vakarel line. It was the first line of the Bulgarian State Railways entirely built by Bulgarian engineers. It was a one-storey building, 96 m long and 12 m wide. It had a small clock tower looking towards Vitosha on the façade. 

The old building was completely demolished on 15 April 1974. A new brutalist Central Railway Station had begun in 1971. It has two underground and three overground storeys and 365 premises. It was built of mainly white marble. It was renovated again in 2016.

Between January and July 2004 the Central Railway Station in Sofia served 2,323,844 passengers. That was 11.8% of all passengers in the country's railway network. An average 10,910 people pass through the station daily. An average of 84 trains arrive and 82 depart. The station has 30 ticket offices and 5 electronic timetable displays.

Bulgarian State Railways

Bulgarian State Railways is Bulgaria's state railway company and the largest railway carrier in the country, established in 1888. The company's headquarters are in the capital Sofia. Since the 1990s the BDŽ has met serious competition from automotive transport. Up to 2002 the company also owned/managed the state railway (up to total of & (Septemvri to Dobrinishte only) track gauge railway tracks) infrastructure in the country. EU regulations required a new state company, the National Railway Infrastructure Company, to be owner of the infrastructure.

Bulgaria is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Bulgaria is 52.

Mayukh Mukherjee

Mayukh Mukherjee is an Indian actor and academic who works in Bengali film industry and has made several on-screen appearances from his childhood (since 2002). He made his debut in the Bengali mega serial Neel Seemana, which was aired on Zee Bangla from from which drew public attention for the first time. Since then, he has appeared in numerous Bengali mega films and features films.

Mayukh has come to the lime light by his Debut in Neel Seemana in the role of son of and Kamalika Banerjee, and also with Monu Mukherjee which was a soap opera film. He has also acted as the son of Chandrayee Ghosh and Subrat Dutta in Light house. His first Feature was Priyotama as a character of an orphan with Jeet and Koyel Mallick. He has acted in a Drishti Pradip as the elder son of Mamata Sankar and Raja Bannerje .He has also acted the role of Kaism in Ek Nadir Galpo, film of , with actors like Mithun Chakraborty & Jishu Sengupta. Apart form that he has also worked with famous actors like Koneenica Banerjee, Deblina Dutta, Aparajita Auddy, Arindam Ganguly, Kunal Mitra and many others. His most works were under the direction of Raja Sen, Raja Mitra, Abhijit Dasgupta and many other eminent tollywood directors. 

He has completed his Schooling form SJMS and College level form NSHM. At present he is pursuing his Ph.D. in Media Management from .

He is the only son of Joydeep Mukherjee and Lakshmi Priya Mukherjee.

He is a social and community server, he helps several poverty stricken people by service and fund.

Apart form Acting and Academics, he is also a sports weapon shooter under the coaching of under the aegis of NRAI.



Varna railway station

Varna railway station serves the Black Sea city and municipality of Varna, the third biggest city in Bulgaria.

The station is one of the oldest in Bulgaria. The station building was built between 1908 and 1925, when it was opened officially by Tsar Boris III. The city of Varna has had a railway station since October 26, 1866, when the Varna-Rousse railway line was opened. 

Ruse Central railway station

Ruse Central railway station is the main station serving the city and municipality of Ruse, the fifth most populous city in Bulgaria. It is next to the Danube River.

It was the first station built in what is now Bulgaria, in 1866. It was the end of the Ruse - Varna railway. In 1966, the National Museum of Transport and Communications was opened in the former Ruse-East railway station , and the tracks were used for the outdoor exhibition. 

After the opening of the Danube Bridge in 1954, a new grand Stalinist Central Railway Station was planned for the city of Ruse. The new station opened in late 1955. It was the biggest on the Balkan peninsula. It had three platforms, with four tracks and one passing track. 
It is a transport hub, with trains to Gorna Oryahovitsa (mostly), to Sofia, Varna, Samuil, and Burgas seasonally, as well as Bucharest and Istanbul internationally. The station serves as a border checkpoint for trains crossing into Romania by the Danube Bridge.

Danube Bridge

The Danube Bridge (also known as the Friendship Bridge; is a steel truss bridge over the Danube River connecting the Bulgarian bank to the south with the Romanian bank to the north. It goes between the cities of Ruse and Giurgiu.It is one of only two bridges connecting Romania and Bulgaria. The other one is the New Europe Bridge between the cities of Vidin and Calafat.

It was opened on 20 June 1954. The bridge is 2.8 km long. It passes at a height of 30 meters over the river. It was the first bridge over the Danube shared by Bulgaria and Romania. Decorations were designed by Bulgarian architect Georgi Ovcharov. The bridge has two decks; a two lane motorway and a railway. There are also sidewalks for pedestrians. The central part of the bridge (85 m) can be lifted for large boats. The maintenance of the mobile part is Romania's responsibility and is periodically checked. The bridge was built in two and a half years with the aid of the Soviet Union.

The Soviets named it the "Friendship Bridge". Since the fall of the communist regimes in both countries, it is now called "Danube Bridge".

The bridge is a border crossing between the two countries. Since January 2007 there is no more customs control. The passport/identity card control is done "on one desk" either by the Bulgarian or the Romanian border police. It is an "internal border" within the European Union. Border control will be completely removed when Bulgaria and Romania join the Schengen Agreement.

There are a pair of rectangular towers supported by pillars on both ends.
The following tolls apply for crossing the Danube Bridge:


Rudolf Rupec

Rudolf Rupec (17 September 1895 or 17 November 1896 ) – 1 July 1983) was a Croatian footballer. He played for SK Rapid Wien and HŠK Građanski Zagreb. He played for the national teams of Austria and the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. He also played at the 1920 Summer Olympics and the 1924 Summer Olympics. 
He began his career at SK Rapid Wien from 1913 to 1920. With Rapid he won the championship four times and once the cup. In 1920 he went to the Croatian team HŠK Građanski Zagreb. He played with the club until the end of his career in 1928. With the club he won the national championship of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes in 1923 and 1926. 
In the last years of the Austro-Hungarian Empire he played ten matches for the Austria national football team. Rupec was part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavias first national team. For them he played 9 matches. He played at the 1920 Summer Olympics and the 1924 Summer Olympics. His final game was at in May 1924 Olympic Games match against Uruguay. 
He later coached HAŠK Zagreb . He won the championship in 1938. 

Mama's Song

"Mama's Song" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her third studio album, "Play On" (2009).

The music video for "Mama's Song" was directed by Shaun Sliva.

It premiered on VEVO on September 24, 2010.

The video peaked at number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for two consecutive weeks in November 2010.

Tora Bora Military Front

The Tora Bora Military Front is a Islamist militant group in Afghanistan. The group is led by Anwarul Haq Mujahid. The group split away from Hezb-e Islami Khalis due to disagreements between Anwarul and Hajj Din Mohammad. The group promised loyalty to the Taliban in 2016 and has a magazine and website.

Don't Cry Daddy

"Don't Cry Daddy" is a 1969 song by Elvis Presley. It went to the top 10 in the United States and the United Kingdom along with its B-side "Rubberneckin'". It was written by Mac Davis.

Rosario-Victoria Bridge

Rosario-victoria bridge is a bridge in the arginine town of Rosario. (in Spanish, Puente Rosario-Victoria) is the informal name of the physical connection between the Argentine cities of Rosario (province of Santa Fe) and Victoria (province of Entre Ríos).
Pear switch

A pear switch is a particular type of electrical switch that usually has the appearance of a small pear. Its operation is very simple, with a button that, depending on the type, is pressed to activate or deactivate a circuit or is simply pressed like a pushbutton, for example in photographic enlarger switches. 

It is characterized by its form and function. Unlike conventional switches that are fixed to the wall, the pear switch is suspended from the cable. By pressing the pear, the electrical contacts are joined, closing the circuit. Its most common use is for hanging lamps, headboards, bedside tables or generally in situations where you do not want to mount the switch on the wall. 

It is pear-shaped, oval or spherical, made of wood or plastic, which is connected to a mechanism that has a spring with an electrical contact. It is an automatic mechanism with a spring, similar to a push button but taking into account that there is a model that is bistable and returns the switch to its default position after pressing twice, changing the initial condition of the electrical circuit or restaurant, connecting or blocking the circulation of current in said electrical circuit. 

There are two kinds:


New Europe Bridge

The New Europe Bridge, also known as Danube Bridge 2 ( is a road and rail bridge between the cities of Vidin, Bulgaria, and Calafat, Romania. It is the second bridge on the shared section of the Danube between the two countries. It has both box girders and cable-stays. It was built by the Spanish company Fomento de Construcciones y Contratas, at the cost of €226 million. It was officially opened on 14 June 2013.

Motorists must pay tolls.

It was previously known as Danube Bridge 2 and informally called the Vidin–Calafat Bridge or Calafat–Vidin Bridge. 

There had been no bridges crossing the Danube river between Bulgaria and Romania since the destruction of Constantine's Bridge, in the 4th century, until the Danube Bridge was built and opened in 1954.

Old Bridge, Svilengrad

Mustafa Pasha Bridge or The Old Bridge is a 16th-century arch bridge over the Maritsa in Svilengrad, southern Bulgaria. It was built in 1529 on the order of the Ottoman vizier Çoban Mustafa Pasha. The bridge was the first major work designed by the Ottoman architect Mimar Sinan. The bridge is 295 m long, 6 m wide and has 20 or 21 arches.
A flood destroyed some of the arches in 1766. Reconstruction was completed in 1809. The Ottoman army tried to destroy the bridge as it retreated from a Bulgarian advance after the Battle of Lule Burgas during the First Balkan War in November 1912.

King Carol I Bridge

The Anghel Saligny Bridge, formerly King Carol I Bridge, is a railway bridge in Romania connecting the two banks of the Danube along the lower reaches of the river. It is between the cities of Fetešt in Wallachia and Cherna Voda in Dobruja . It was built between 1890 and 1895. Then it was the longest in Europe and the third longest in the world .

Its length is 4037 m, of which 1662 m above the Danube and 920 m above the Borcea River . It was designed by the Romanian engineer Anghel Saligny. It is 30 m above the water. Even tall ships can pass under it. has a central span of 190 m (620 ft) and four other spans of 140 m (460 ft), connected to a viaduct with 15 spans of 60 m (200 ft) each. Another bridge, with three spans of 140 m (460 ft) and 11 spans of 50 m (160 ft), was designed and built over the Borcea branch.

The bridge was used for almost a century, until in 1987 it was replaced by the new Borchen bridge built next to it.


Rail transport in Romania

The first railway in the Kingdom of Romania opened in 1869. It was between Bucharest and Giurgiu. The first electric railway opened in 1854, between Oravița and Baziaș in Banat, next to the border with Serbia.

Since then, the Romanian railway network has been significantly expanded, and is now the fourth largest in Europe by total track length, comprising . Of these, some are electrified. The route length is . Romania's railway system is the worst railway systems in Europe. Most of it needs to be renewed.

Romania is a member of the International Union of Railways (UIC). The UIC Country Code for Romania is 53.

Bucharest North railway station

Bucharest North railway station is the main railway station in Bucharest and the largest railway station in Romania. The vast majority of mainline trains to and from Bucharest start there.

The original North railway station was built between 1868—1872. The foundation stone was placed on 10 September 1868 in the presence of King Carol I of Romania. The building was designed as a U-shaped structure. The first railways between Roman – Galați – Bucharest – Pitești started on 13 September 1872. Between 1895—1896 a new wing of the station was built, which included a "Royal Hall", in anticipation of the visit of Emperor Franz Joseph of Austria-Hungary. 

The station and its surroundings were heavily bombed by the Allies in April 1944 during a campaign aimed at Axis supply lines. During the Communist era the station was electrified

During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, from 27 February 2022 onwards, the station served as a coordination point for Ukrainian refugees. On the first day, almost 100 Ukrainian refugees arrived on five trains owned by Romanian state operator CFR Călători; the trains came from Iași and Suceava, in northeast Romania. At midnight on 4 March 2022, approximately 1,000 refugees arrived from Iași and were later accommodated at Romexpo.

There are 14 tracks and 8 platforms.

Leptomantis malkmusi

The Leptomantis malkmusi is a frog. It lives in Malaysia. People have seen it between 500 and 1000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 26.4-29.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 32.3-35.4 mm long.

This frog can change color. The skin of its back is red-brown during the day and light brown at night. It has small, dark spots, and large brown spots. There is a dark brown mark between the eyes. There are white spots on the sides of the head with a dark brown line around each one. There is also one white spot underneath each eardrum. There are stripes on the tops of the legs. These stripes are gray during the day and dark brown at night. There are white bumps on the legs. There is bright yellow color on parts of the sides, legs, and feet. The toes, belly, and front of the neck are white in color. The webbed skin on all four feet is gray in color. The iris of the eye is red in the middle and yellow on the outside, with a black ring outside that.

This frog lives in rainforests on hills. It lives in old rainforests that have never been cut down and in newer rainforests that were cut down and are growing again. It lives in the plants next to streams. When it is time to lay eggs, the male frog climbs to a leaf over the water. The female frog lays her eggs on the leaf.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because even though it only lives in a few places, two of those places are protected parks. Scientists think climate change could kill this frog.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Leptomantis gauni".

Cyble

Cyble is a cybersecurity company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, founded in 2019 , With a reported net worth of 950 crore, founded by Beenu Arora (CEO) and Manish Chachada (COO).

Cyble offers a range of cybersecurity services, including Attack Surface Management, Dark Web Monitoring, Brand Intelligence, Cyber Threat Intelligence, Vulnerability Management, Takedown and Disruption.


Zaolzie

Zaolzie was annexed by Poland after Checkoslovakia got divided by Nazi Germany, Kingdom of Hungary and Second Polish Republic
David Kramer

David Kramer (born 1965) is an American defense attorney, known as the founder of the David J. Kramer Law Firm.

Kramer was born in 1965 in Detroit, Michigan. He received his early education from North Farmington High School, earned a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Michigan in 1988, and a Juris Doctor from Wayne State University in 1991.

Kramer has been a member of the American Bar Association and the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers. He has represented clients in criminal law cases and has worked alongside the former Attorney General Grant Woods. His notable cases include the dismissal of a murder case in Kentucky, the dismissal of a felony assault strangulation case in Colorado, and the State of Michigan v. Al-Tantawi murder case, among others.

He has been listed among the National Trial Lawyers' Top 100 Trial Attorneys. He also received the AVVO People's Choice Award in 2015 and the American Institute of Trial Lawyers' Litigator of the Year in Criminal Law in 2019.

Railway platform

A railway platform is an area next to a railway track for people to get on to trains. Almost all rail stations have some form of platform. Large stations have many platforms.

The world's longest station platform is at Hubballi Junction in India. It is long. 

Some United States train conductors use the word "platform" as a verb as in the announcement: "The last two cars of this train will not platform at East Rockaway". This means that the train is longer than the platform.

The most basic platform is an area at the same level as the track. A more usual platform is higher than the track but often lower than the train floor, although ideally they should be at the same level. Sometimes the platform is higher than the train floor, where a train with a low floor serves a station built for trains with a high floor On the London Underground some stations are served by both District line and Piccadilly line trains, and the Piccadilly trains have lower floors.

A tram stop is often in the middle of the street. In some places there are platforms like railway platforms. In other places they are much lower.
Platform types include the bay platform, side platform (also called through platform), split platform and island platform. A bay platform is one at which the track stops. Trains serving a bay platform must reverse in or out. A side platform is the more usual type. The platform is next to the track where the train arrives from one end and leaves towards the other. An island platform has through platforms on both sides. It may be indented on one or both ends, with bay platforms. To reach an island platform there may be a bridge, a tunnel, or a level crossing. 

Modern station platforms can be made from a variety of materials such as glass-reinforced polymer, concrete or expanded polystrene. 

Most stations have their platforms numbered consecutively from 1; a few stations start from 0. Some, such as , use letters instead of numbers (this is to distinguish the platforms from numbered ones in Waterloo main-line station for staff who work at both stations); some, such as Paris-Gare de Lyon, use letters for one group of platforms but numbers for the other.

In the US, and also some European countries such as Sweden, the place where a train arrives is called a "track" (e.g. "The train is arriving on Track 5"). An island platform is described as one platform with two tracks. In other "platform" can refer to both the structure or to a designated place for trains arriving (e.g. "The train is arriving at Platform 5"). An island platform might have two numbered platforms.

Some of the station facilities are on the platforms. Where the platforms are not next to a station building, often there is some form of shelter or waiting room is provided. This may be just a roof with open sides. It may be a closed room with heating or air-conditioning. There may be benches, lighting, ticket counters, drinking fountains, shops, trash boxes, and static timetables or displays with information about the trains. There are often loudspeakers as part of a public address (PA) system. 

Some metro stations have platform screen doors between the platforms and the tracks. They are safer. The screen doors separate the heating or air conditioning in the station from the ventilation in the tunnel. They have been installed in most stations of the Singapore MRT and the Hong Kong MTR, and stations on the Jubilee Line Extension in London.

Platforms should be sloped upwards slightly towards the platform edge to prevent wheeled objects such as trolleys, prams and wheelchairs from rolling into the path of the train. Many platforms have an overhanging edge so that if people fall off the platform they can avoid trains.
In high-speed rail, passing trains are a significant safety problem. The safe distance from the platform edge increases with the speed of the passing train. There are rules in different countries about how far people have to be away from the edge of the platform. Many platforms are marked to show where it is thought to be safe. 

Philippe de Gaulle

Philippe Henri Xavier Antoine de Gaulle (28 December 1921 – 12/13 March 2024) was a French admiral and politician. He was a senator from Paris between 1986 to 2004. He was the oldest child and only son of General Charles de Gaulle, the first president of the French Fifth Republic. He was born in Paris. He was a member of the Rally for the Republic. He was also an admiral of the French Navy from 1938 to 1982.

During his career, he was honored with the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour, Grand Cross of the National Order of Merit, War Cross 1939–1945 and Medal of Aeronautics.

De Gaulle turned 100 in December 2021. He died during the night between 12 and 13 March 2024 in Paris at the age of 102.

Frank McCourt

Francis McCourt (August 19, 1930July 19, 2009) was an Irish-American teacher and writer. He won a Pulitzer Prize for his book "Angela's Ashes (book)". It was made into a movie, Angela's Ashes. It is a memoir of his childhood.

He taught at six New York schools, including McKee Vocational and Technical High School in Staten Island, New York City College of Technology in Brooklyn, Seward Park High School, Washington Irving High School, and the High School of Fashion Industries, all in Manhattan. 

In May 2009, McCourt announced he had been treated for melanoma and that he was in remission. Two months later, he died from meningitis caused by the disease on July 19, 2009 under hospice care in New York City, a month before his 79th birthday.



Jaysh al-Izza

Jaysh al-Izza is a Islamist militant group part of the Free Syrian Army active in the northwest of Syria. The group has been given anti-tank missiles such as the 9K111 Fagot or BGM-71 TOW by Saudi Arabia, Türkiye, and Qatar. The group also tried to join the National Front for Liberation which has other militant groups in Idlib such as Ahrar al-Sham but the leadership of Jaysh al-Izza refused due to complications.

McDonnell Douglas MD-82

the mcdonnel douglas 82 (md-82) is a really small airliner it can hold 172 passengers it is a mid haul airliner
incidents:spanair 5022 had failed flaps on takeoff causing the aircraft to crash into the ground at high speeds
alot of people died in this tragedy the plane is a very efficient plane and a main part of the Mcdonnel douglas md-90
Teno (disambiguation)

Teno could be:

Wiggins airways 1046

<mapframe latitude="36.004673" longitude="-80.189209" zoom="2" width="200" height="100" />

The aircraft, registered N53RP, departed from at around 7:10 AM Local Time on January 26th, 2024 destined for 

Right after takeoff, the aircraft had squawked an emergency transponder code and flew erratically for about 16 minutes while Air Traffic Control attempted to regain contact before it collided in a wooded area about 5 miles south of KMHT.

The cause of the incident is currently unknown. There was only one passenger onboard (the captain) who was assisted by local residents near the crash. The captain had severe injuries. the aircraft crashed in a small residental area the pilot had severe injuries due to this

the aircraft N53RP was a beechcraft model 99 a quite old aircraft the aircraft was set to land at diffrent stopovers(those were unknown)

the incident leaded to the man in the aircraft to call 911 in the cockpit and described the situation he luckily got out in time and residents rushed to help the man The man was really safe but if it werent for them he could have died

The cvr had been found but damaged alot 

the man inside there has been more incidents like this but only 1 was a beechcraft no one went missing 1 was injured and 5 or so people rushed to the seen instantly saving the man from dying this crash a loss of control near manchester new hampshire at 12:08 local time the man's name is unknown but the aircraft name was known N53RP the aircraft registration operated by ameriflight wiggins airways.
List of Garfield characters

This is a list of characters in the "Garfield" comic strip, created by Jim Davis

the main character of the franchise. voiced by Scott Beach, Lorenzo Music, Bill Murray, Frank Welker, Tom Smothers, Jeff Bergman, Jon Banard and Chris Pratt, Jimmy Tatro (Nickelodeon series).

voiced by Thom Huge, Sandy Kenyon, Jon Banard, Wally Wingert and Nicolas Hoult, Josh Keaton (Nickelodeon series).

voiced by Frank Ferrante.

voiced by Gregg Berger, Harvey Guillen and Benjamin Diskin (Nickelodeon series).

Pooky is Garfield's stuffed plush.

voiced by Julie Payne, Vanessa Marshall and Erica Lindbeck (Nickelodeon series).

voiced by Desiree Goyette, David Eigenberg, Jason Marsden and Tom Kenny, Atticus Shaeffer (Nickelodeon series).

voiced by Debra Messing, Audrey Wasilewski and Jenny Yokobori.

voiced by Gregg Berger.

voiced by Julie Payne, Cheri Oteri and Gillian Jacobs (Nickelodeon series)

voiced by Frank Welker.

voiced by Kari Wahlgren.

voiced by Pat Carroll.

voiced by David Lander, Dana Snyder (Nickelodeon series).

voiced by Sandi Huge.

Garfield's grandpa his first appeared in the strip on November 10, 1980.

voiced by Gregg Berger.

First Appearance: June 9, 1979

First Appearance: September 17, 1986

voiced by Thom Huge.

First Appearance: September 12, 1995

Hubert and Reba are an elderly couple who live near Jon.

Voiced by Lorenzo Music, Howard Morris, Thom Huge, Julie Payne, Gregg Berger.

Gunilla Andersson

Gunilla Victoria Andersson, born 26 April 1976 in Skutskär, Sweden) is a retired Swedish female ice hockey defencewoman. She played for Sweden during the women's ice hockey tournament during the 1998, 2002, 2006 and 2010 Olympic Winter Games and in eleven World Championships.

Evanescence (album)

Evanescence is the third studio album by Evanescence. The album was released on October 11, 2011.

Devan Leos

Devan Leos (born August, 1998), is an American actor, publicist, and open-source intelligence analyst from Los Angeles California. He is known for starring as the lead character Alan in the Disney XD show Mighty Med, and he has appeared in a variety of television shows and films, including "The Pretty One," "Austin and Ally." and as Howie Needleman in Madea's Witness Protection. 

Leos is currently serving as a co-founder of an artificial intelligence company called Undetectable AI, where he oversees the company's communications. He also founded and operates DDigital, a corporate communications firm. 

Devan has represented various high profile individuals such as billionaire Jay Bloom (during the OceanGate scandal), and musicians such as Samantha Jay and Stephen Rezza. Beyond open source intelligence, Leos also has a background in psychological operations. Beyond his career in media communications and entertainment, Leos is also a contributing author to Entrepreneur (magazine) and LA Weekly. 

In 2021, Leos founded CMNT Inc, an anti-crime non profit organization that helps local communities by using open-source intelligence. In March 2022, Devan Leos received the "Man of The Year," (2022 award) by US Features Magazine, for his charitable efforts through an anti-crime foundation he started in 2021.

In 2023, in an interview with OK! Magazine, Leos stated that he struggled during his adolescent years, and revealed that he had been groomed and exploited by a now-convicted child predator named Acton Bowen. Leos admitted that he made mistakes when initially dealing with his trauma which caused him to spiral out of control. According to the same OK! Magazine article, Leos has a son.

In 2016, Devan Leos was attacked by an individual allegedly wielding a knife, and he attempted to defend himself by using his vehicle. Leos was then charged with attempted murder, however given the facts of the case, he was only sentenced to community service. On November 10th 2023, Devan Leos was accused by Radar Online of enabling students to cheat on their assignments, by helping operate the online platform Undetectable.ai, however in the article, Leos clarified that Undetectable.ai strictly prohibited such conduct.

Flemish people

Flemish people, also known as Flemings, are an ethnic group native to the Flanders region of Belgium. They speak Flemish, which is a dialect of Dutch.
List of caudillos of Panama

This page has the List of caudillos of Panama A caudillo (diminutive of "caput" "head". Caudillo means "little head" or "little chief") is part of the larger Iberian tradition of authoritarian leaders


WCW World Heavyweight Championship

World Championship Wrestling (WCW) was an American professional wrestling promotion founded by Ted Turner in 1988, after Turner Broadcasting System, through a subsidiary named Universal Wrestling Corporation, purchased the assets of National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) territory Jim Crockett Promotions (JCP) (which had aired its programming on TBS).
Celluloid Heroes

"Celluloid Heroes" is a 1972 song by British band The Kinks and was taken from their 11th studio album "Everybody's in Show-Biz". The song talks about famous 20th century actors and the Hollywood Boulevard. It also appears on their 1980 live album "One for the Road".

Noah in Islam

According to islam Nooh (as) was a prophet and a messenger
Maria (Blondie song)

"Maria" is a 1999 song by American band Blondie and is the leading single from their seventh studio album "No Exit". It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, Scotland, Poland, Spain and Greece and made the top 20 across Europe and New Zealand. It was their first single since 1982.

US 12-inch single

US maxi-CD single (The Remixes)

UK CD single

UK cassette single

European CD single

European limited-edition CD single

European maxi-CD single and Australian CD single

Rated &quot;X&quot;

"Rated "X"" is a 1972 song by country singer Loretta Lynn and was taken from her 22nd studio album "Entertainer of the Year". It topped the country singles charts in both the United States and Canada. It was covered by The White Stripes as a B-side to their single "Hotel Yorba" in 2001.

Electric Youth (song)

"Electric Youth" is a 1989 song by Debbie Gibson and is the title track to her second studio album "Electric Youth". It went to number 11 in the United States, number 14 in the United Kingdom and charted the highest in Panama where it made number 3.

All songs are written by Deborah Gibson

Jean-Baptiste Djebbari

Jean-Baptiste Djebbari (born 26 February 1982) is the former Ministry of Transports of France. Before, he was airline pilot on Pilatus PC-12.
A fost numit ministru delegat responsabil cu transporturile în noul guvern Jean Castex (3 iulie 2020).

He graduated from ENAC and École polytechnique.

Gasteroclupea

Gasteroclupea is an extinct genus of ellimmichthyiform fish from the Upper Cretaceous of South America. It contains one species, G. branisai. Its closest relative is probably "Sorbinichthys".


Susan Arnold

Susan E. Arnold (born March 8, 1954) is an American business executive who formerly served as the chairman of The Walt Disney Company. 

Susan Arnold began her career as a brand assistant for the Dawn/Ivory Snow Group at Proctor Gamble in 1980. In 1999, she assumed global responsibility for Procter & Gamble's beauty business, thereby becoming the first woman to reach a president-level position in the company. She retired from Procter & Gamble on September 1, 2009.

Between 2013 and 2021, Arnold served as an operating executive of The Carlyle Group. She is based in New York. Arnold has served on the board of directors of The Walt Disney Company since 2007, as well as the Carlyle portfolio investments company NBTY, The Nature's Bounty Co. She has also been a member of the Board of Directors of McDonald's Co. since 2008. In 2004 she became Vice Chairman of Procter & Gamble and President of the company in 2007.

On December 1, 2021, Arnold was appointed to replace Bob Iger as chair of the board at The Walt Disney Company and became the first woman to be appointed to this position in the 98-year history of Disney. She was elected chair on December 31, 2021. On January 11, 2023, Disney announced that Arnold would no longer serve as the board's chair after the next annual shareholder meeting and would be replaced by former Nike CEO Mark Parker. 

Superman (2025 movie)

Superman is an upcoming American superhero movie based on Superman. It will be the first movie of the DC Universe (DCU). It is written and directed by James Gunn. It stars David Corenswet, Rachel Brosnahan, Isabela Merced, Edi Gathegi, Nathan Fillion, Anthony Carrigan, María Gabriela de Faría, Sara Sampaio, Skyler Gisondo, Nicholas Hoult, Terence Rosemore, and Wendell Pierce.

"Superman" will release on July 11, 2025.


Jaysh al-Nasr

Jaysh al-Nasr is a militant group fighting in the Syrian civil war. It was founded in August of 2015 as a combination of 16 groups into 1 group. The group has been given BGM-71 TOW anti-tank missiles from the United States by a unknown party.

Jaysh al-Nukhba

Jaysh al Nukhba (originally called Jaysh al-Tahrir) is a Syrian Islamist militant group in the Hama Governorate and Aleppo Governorate of Syria with support from the Turkish government. The group was formed as a combination of 5 brigades, and some got BGM-71 TOW anti-tank missiles which are from the United States.

Egypt Radio &amp; Television

ERT (initialism of "Egypt Radio & Television") was a Egyptian free-to-air television channel. Launched by Tamer Mursi as one of Egypt's earliest private television broadcasters on February 24, 2007 it operated until March 2020 replaced by FOX, whose parent company News Corporation had purchased the broadcasting rights of ERTon July 25, 2006. The sale, which marked the first time a Egyptian television channel was sold to foreign capital, included the broadcasting rights and the terrestrial broadcasting frequencies belonging to ERT, but not the ERT branding, which continues to exist as the corporate company name. The sister ERT Drama and ERT 2 also remain with Synergy Art Production.

Bagong Silang

Bagong Silang or Barangay 176 is a barangay of Caloocan, Metro Manila, Philippines. It is known for being the most populous city in the Philippines.
Star Trak Entertainment

Star Trak was an American record label. It was founded by the Neptunes and Rob Walker in 2001. It operated as a division of Interscope Geffen A&M, a subsidiary of Universal Music Group. Star Traks name is a reference to the 1960s TV program "".

Mango (color)

Mango is a shade of the color orange. It is named after the tropical fruit of the same name.

The first written use of "coral" as a color name in English was in 1513.



Kurixalus verrucosus

Boulenger's bush frog, Boulenger's tree frog, warty frilled tree frog, small frill-limbed tree frog, or small rough-armed tree frog ("Kurixalus verrucosus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines, Myanmar, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Cambodia, and Vietnam. People have seen it between 200 and 2000 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog on small, woody plants. Scientists are not sure whether this frog needs forests to live.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. However, loss of the forests where it lives for farms may hurt this frog.

Megaverse (disambiguation)

Megaverse may refer to:


Apex Legends

Apex Legends is an battle royale first-person hero shooter video game. It is free-to-play. It was published by Electronic Arts and was developed by Respawn Entertainment. It is set in the universe of the "Titanfall" series. The game was first released on February 4, 2019 for the PlayStation 4, Windows, and Xbox One, with the Nintendo Switch version being released on March 9, 2021. The games would also be released for the next generation consoles. It would be released on March 29, 2022 for the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S.

In the game, Legends come together to compete in a bloodsport called the Apex Games which are organized by a group called the Mercenary Syndicate. They battle for money and fame. Like in most battle royal games, the goal is to be the last team standing at the end of the game.

There is an eSports tournament called the Apex Legends Global Series where players compete for $5 million.

The game was very well liked by both game critics and players. Critics said that they liked the combat system and ping system. The game has also been praised for its LGBT representation, with the character Bloodhound being non binary.

The game has also won many awards. Among the awards won, it has been named Best Multiplayer Game at the 2019 Game Awards and Best Multiplayer game at the 2019 Golden Joystick Awards.

Birte Christoffersen

Birte Christoffersen (born 28 March 1924) is a Danish retired diver. She competed in the 3 m springboard and 10 m platform for Denmark at the 1948 Summer Olympics and for Sweden at the 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics. She won an Olympic bronze medal in 1948. She was born in Copenhagen, Denmark.

Ć

Ć is a Slovenian Letter. Slovenian is a language spoken in Slovenia and in adjacent parts of Austria and Italy.
Hans Bøgh-Sørensen

Hans Bøgh-Sørensen is a Danish entrepreneur 

Hans Bøgh-Sørensen grew up in Midtfyn as the son of Elin and Asbjørn Bøgh-Sørensen. He graduated in 1975 as a mathematics-physics student.

Hans Bøgh-Sørensen held positions such as chairman of Odense Municipality's Business Council (2003-2007) and the European Association of Euro-Pharmaceutical Companies (EAEPC) (1997-2017), of which he is also a co-founder. He has been a board member of "Kunsthallen Brandts" in Odense (2010-2017).

At the age of 16, Hans Bøgh-Sørensen assumed control of 30 percent of the family's juice business. 

In 1982, he returned from a job at Mærsk Data to take up the role of deputy director in the family's juice business. He held this position until he became owner and managing director in 1987. 

Hans Bøgh-Sørensen established the pharmaceutical company "Orifarm" in 1994.In 2019, he resigned as CEO of Orifarm after more than 25 years at the helm. He continued as chairman of the board and is still active in the company. 

In 2000, Hans Bøgh-Sørensen received the prize as "Entrepreneur of the Year", Denmark and in 2008 the "Tietgen" prize .
Hans Bøgh-Sørensen got married to Birgitte in 1993 and have children Christian, Anne-Charlotte and Andreas.

Hans Bøgh-Sørensen has a great personal interest in hunting, skiing and cars. 

Assassination of Saleh al-Arouri

On the 2nd of January 2024, Saleh al-Arouri, was killed by an Israeli missile attack in the neighborhood of Dahieh in Beirut. The missile attack killed 6 civilians which also included other members of the Hamas political party.

LuaLua TV

LuaLua TV is a Bahraini TV channel. It was broadcast in London and started broadcasting in 2011. It was blocked by all of the GCC countries including Bahrain.
In June of 2021, the FBI took away LuaLua's domain along with other TV channels such as Press TV, due to the channels allegedly having links to Iran which violated US laws. However the website came back under a new domain.

TRT Arabia

TRT Arabia is a Arabic TV channel by the TRT public broadcasting corporation and it broadcasts to people who know Arabic in Turkey and the rest of the Arabic speaking world. The channel was launched on the 4th of April 2010.

Greenschist

Greenschists are rocks formed at low temperatures using metamorphism. They are typically formed within the temperature range of 350-400 °C and at the pressure range of 29,000-145,000 psi.

Savitri and Satyavan

Savitri and Satyavan are starcrossed lovers who were able to defy death through their love and ascetism.

Savithri was a beautiful princess who cannot choose a suitor. Her parents were worried for her, but eventually she met Satyavan. Upon meeting Satyavan, she swore she would never marry another man, and would only be with Satyavan for the rest of her life. Satyavan, although appearing as a simple man, actually used to be a prince who was cursed with a shockingly early expiry date. In specific, the curse entailed that Satyavan would die in a few years and that his parents would be cursed with blindness and lose thier wealth. Savithri's parents were ecstatic, but their excitement quickly died down when the Sage Narad told them of the curse and said their doom was imminent. Although they didn't want her to continue seeing Satyavan, they knew that Savithri was as stubborn as she was beautiful, and would not give up on a man she so purely and truly loved.

So Savithri and Satyavan lived a very simple and happy life until one day, doom fell upon them and Satyavan fell from a heat stroke. It had seemed the curse had finally taken place. However, Savithri was not ready to say bye yet, and when Yamaraj, the god of the Underworld, came to collect Satyavan's body, Savithri followed him as he trudged to the underworld.

Yamaraj, initially unpetrubed, decided to test her patience and see how far she was willing to walk. After a while, Yamraj, clearly impressed by her devotion, turned around and granted her a boon, on the condition that she could not wish for the revival of her husband. And so, Savithri asked for his parents to have their sight restored. Yamaraj obliged and Satyavan's parents had their sight back. After more walking, she recieved three more boons. For the first boon, she wished that Satyavan's father had his wealth restored. For the second, she wished her own father, who had only a single daughter, would be blessed with 100 sons. Both were granted.

Finally, however, she asked Yamraj for the boon of 100 sons for herself. Initially Yamraj obliged, but Savithri just repeated her boon and reminded him of her oath that she would only ever be with Satyavan. Thus, in order to fulfil her boon in the order of karma, Yamraj was forced to return Satyavan to Savitri.
Mongami

Mongami is a village in Palau. It is the capital of the palauan State of Aimeliik. It is located in the north of the state and is its largest village.

Bizarre (rapper)

Bizarre was a prominent rapper from the popular group D12
San Fabián

The San Fabián is the most eastern of all of 21 districts in Chile. The capital of San Fabián is San Fabián de Alico. It takes up an area of approximately 1568 km.

Skibidi

Skibidi is a Russian song by the Russian band Little Big. It was released on the 5th of October 2018. It become very popular in the fall of 2018. It became number 2 on Youtube Hits. It later became even more popular due to a music video being released and was featured in many TikToks.

Rizz

Rizz is a slang word defined as "having style or charm, or being able to get someone to love you". It was made popular outside of the African community by Kai Cenat in mid-2021, but it was used before for a long time. It later got very popular on TikTok and was called the word of the year for 2023 by Oxford University.

Rizzi

Rizzi is a last name that came from the Italian language.

People who are notable who have the last name are:



Pepper X

Pepper X is a type of Capsicum chili pepper created by Ed Currie, who made the Carolina Reaper. In 2023, the Guinness World Records said it was the most spicy member in the world at that time.

Observation.org

Observation.org is a worldwide website that naturalists, citizen scientists, and biologists use to collect, verify and share biodiversity observations. Observation.org may be accessed via its website or from its mobile applications like ObsIdentify. The Observation.org database holds more than 238 million nature statistics and almost 82 million photos. It is published and hosted in the Netherlands under Dutch and European law by the non-profit foundation Observation International.

The data Observation.org provides is managed by confirmed experts responsible for verifying the observations. A variety of tools, such as artificial intelligence use this data in managing this extensive information. However, human experts retain final authority in all of the validations.


Novocaine for the Soul

"Novocaine for the Soul" is a 1996 debut song by American rock band Eels and is the leading single from their debut studio album "Beautiful Freak". It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 7 in Scotland, number 76 in Canada, number 84 in Australia and number 90 in the Netherlands. It was used in the British television series "The Grand".

Chopping Mall

Chopping Mall is a 1986 American science fiction horror comedy movie directed by Jim Wynorski and starring Kelli Maroney, Tony O'Dell, Russell Todd, John Terlesky, Paul Bartel, Mary Woronov. It was distributed by Concorde Pictures.


Club Progresista

Club Progresista is an Argentine sports club in the Piñeyro district of Avellaneda Partido, Greater Buenos Aires. The club has been regarded for its football squad that played in Primera División during the 1920s. Other than football, sports like Basque pelota, swimming and taekwondo are also played at the club.

Can't Stop Lovin' You (Aerosmith song)

"Can't Stop Lovin' You" is a 2013 song by Aerosmith featuring Carrie Underwood. It is the fourth and final single from their 15th studio album "Music from Another Dimension!" and was released as a single to adult contemporary radio stations in April 2013.

Sorbinichthys

Sorbinichthys is an extinct genus of prehistoric clupeomorph fishes from the Cenomanian of Lebanon and Morocco. It is a member of the Ellimmichthyiformes. It is the closest relative to "Gasteroclupea".

The type species, "Sorbinichthys elusivo", was discovered in 2000 by Bannikov and Bacchia, based on fossils found in Lebanon. At the time, it was the only known species of "Sorbinichthys".

In 2010, another species, "Sorbinichthys africanus", was discovered by Murray and Wilson, based on fossils found in Morocco.

"Sorbinichthys" was diamond-shaped. It had a long, thin dorsal fin. It had two species, one being larger and averaging 15 cm, the other being smaller and averaging just 5 cm.


Jugband Blues

"Jugband Blues" is a 1968 song by Pink Floyd and was taken from their second studio album "A Saucerful of Secrets". It was written by Syd Barnett and was his last contributions with the band before his dismissal in 1968. The promo video was filmed in December 1967 and the original was lost until it was rediscovered in 1999.

Disability-adjusted life year

Disability-adjusted life years (DALYs) are a way of measuring the effects of diseases. They are calculated as the number of years lost due to ill-health, disability, or early death. The measure was developed in the 1990s as a way of comparing the overall health and life expectancy of different countries.

DALYs are used in the field of public health and health impact assessment . They include the potential years of life lost due to premature death and years of 'healthy' life lost by virtue of being in states of poor health or disability. In so doing, mortality and morbidity are combined into a single figure.

Disability-adjusted life years are related to the quality-adjusted life year (QALY) measure; however, QALYs only measure the benefit with and without medical intervention and therefore do not measure the total burden. Also, QALYs tend to be an individual measure and not a measure of the whole population.

The most appropriate measure of the effects of chronic illness is time, both time lost due to premature death and time spent disabled by disease. One DALY, therefore, is equal to one year of healthy life lost.

How much a medical condition affects a person is called the "disability weight" (DW). This is determined by disease or disability and does not vary with age. Tables have been created of thousands of diseases and disabilities, ranging from Alzheimer's disease to loss of finger, with the disability weight meant to indicate the level of disability that results from the specific condition.

Examples of the disability weight are shown. Some of these are "short term", and the long-term weights may be different.

Joy Christopher Dulay

Joy Christopher Riveral Dulay (born December 21, 1990) is a Filipino businessperson and former online streamer based in Quezon City. Dulay is the founder and CEO of JCRD Builders Corporation.

Sea of Thieves

Sea of Thieves is an action-adventure video game. It was published by Xbox Game Studios and was developed by Rare. The game was first released on 20 March 2018 for Windows and Xbox One. It was also later released on 30 April 2024 for the PlayStation 5.

In the game, players play as pirates and travel the open seas. The player can choose what they want to do in the game and create their own adventure, such as search for treasure and battle other players and NPCs.

When the game first came out, it recieved mixed reviews from game critics. Critics said that they liked the graphics, physics, and multiplayer aspects of the game but because of the lack of content, it shouldn't have been a full price release. The game would receive more positive reviews after updates and patches for the game over the years.

The game has also won many awards. Among the awards won, it has won both Best Xbox One Game and Best Multiplayer Game at 2016 Gamescom and Evolving Game at the 17th British Academy Games Awards. It was also nominated for Best Multiplayer Game at The Game Awards in 2018 but lost to "Fortnite".

Alessandro Michieletto

Alessandro Michieletto (born in Desenzano del Garda, Italy, 5 December 2001) is an Italian volleyball player. He is a member of Italy's national volleyball team and plays as a hitter for the Italian club Trentino Volley.

He is the son of the former volleyball player Riccardo Michieletto. His mother Eleonora used to play basketball. He has two sisters, Francesca and Annalisa, who are both volleyball players, and a brother, Andrea.

Alessandro Michieletto started his volleyball career as a libero in the youth level. He began playing for Trentino Volley in the 2015-16 season, competing in the Serie D championship. In the following two seasons, he played in Serie C with the same club. In the 2018-19 season, he moved up to Serie B and also made some appearances for the first team during the CEV Cup, facing Amriswil. In the 2019-20 season, he played in Serie A3 with Trentino Volley’s second team and made his debut for the first team in the Superlega. From the 2020-21 season onwards, he became a permanent member of the Superlega team, winning an Italian Supercup and an Italian league title .

Michieletto has represented Italy in various age categories. He played for the Under-17 and Under-18 national teams. He won a bronze medal at the European Championship with the Under-18 team. In 2019, he was part of the Under-19 team that won gold at both the 15th European Youth Olympic Festival and the World Championship. In 2020, he won silver at the European Championship with the Under-20 team and was named the tournament’s Most Valuable Player. The following year, he won gold at the World Championship with the Under-21 team and was again awarded the Most Valuable Player title.

In 2021, he received his first call-up to the senior Italian team. In the same year, he participated in the 32nd Olympic Games in Tokyo. He won the gold medal at the European Championship, where he was awarded as the best hitter. In 2022, he won gold at the World Championship. In 2023, he won silver at the European Championship.






Arnold Dix

Arnold Dixis an Australian underground expert. He lives in Monbulk, Australia.

Dix is an engineering professor, scientist, and barrister. He graduated from Melbourne's Monash University with a degree in science and law.

Dix is the president of the Geneva-based "International Tunnelling and Underground Space Association".

He specializes in transit infrastructure and subterranean systems.

He was invited by the British Tunnelling Society to give the Harding Lecture on current global tunneling concerns every two years in 2008. 

In 2020, Underground Works Chambers was founded by Dix, Lord Robert Mair, and the Honorable Peter Vickery QC. 

In 2023, Dix proved to be a hero during the "Uttarakhand tunnel rescue". He received recognition from Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese for his work during the rescue operations.


Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Shredder's Revenge

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Shredder's Revenge is a beat 'em up video game. It was published by Dotemu and was developed by Tribute Games. It is based on the 1987 "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" cartoon. The game was first released on June 16, 2022 for Linux, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Windows. It was also later released on November 15, 2022 for the PlayStation 5 and on January 10, 2023 for Android and iOS.

Ghostface Killah and Raekwon of Wu-Tang Clan, along with Mike Patton of Faith No More helped Tee Lopes with the music composition.

In the game, players play as the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (Leonardo, Donatello, Raphael, Michelangelo) as they battle enemies and try to stop Krang and Super Shredder from destroying New York City. Players can also play as April O'Neil, Master Splinter, and Casey Jones.

A DLC expansion called "Dimension Shellshock" was released on August 31, 2023. The DLC included Miyamoto Usagi and Karai as playable characters

The game was very well liked by both game critics and players. Critics said that they liked the combat system, animations, soundtrack and multiplayer aspects.

The game was also nominated for many awards. Among the awards, it was nominated for both Best Audio and Best Multiplayer Game at 2022 Golden Joystick Awards, as well as Best Action Game and Best Multiplayer Game at The Game Awards in 2022.

Shum (song)

"Shum" (, ) is a 2021 song by Ukrainian folktronica group Go_A, made under the label Rocksoulana Music. It represented Ukraine in the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 in Rotterdam and won fifth place.

The lyrics of the song come from Ukrainian folk songs that people used in the "Shum" ritual, for example "" («»). The name of the ritual comes from Proto-Slavic words ' ("noise") or ' ("forest").

Lead singer Kateryna Pavlenko grew up in Polyssia, Northern Ukraine, and the song is inspired by the folklore of that region. In "Shum" she used the traditional "white voice" singing technique.

Each version of the song has a music video.

For the original version, Go_A directed a video with Ivan Buianskyi and they recorded it with a smartphone. In the first three weeks, people watched it more than 1 million times.

For the Eurovision version, they recorded a new video in a forest near the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant.

"Shum" had to represent Ukraine in Eurovision Song Contest 2021. However, the song could not go to Eurovision, because the words were the same as folk songs and it was one minute too long (Eurovision rules say that songs must have original lyrics and can not be longer than 3 minutes).

Go_A did not want to change the original version, so they made made a new, shorter song, with different lyrics, and called it "the sequel". The new version has a happy energy and it is inspired by "" spring dancing rituals.

"Shum" is the second song fully in Ukrainian at Eurovision (the first was "Solovey", by the same group, the year before).

"Shum" won fifth place, with 364 total points. The song was the second most-voted by the public, with 267 public vote points, behind Italy's "Zitti e buoni". It got a maximum of 12 points from five countries.

The Coal Strike of 1912

The Coal Strike of 1912 was the first national strike by coal miners in the United Kingdom. Its main goal was securing a minimum wage. After 37 days, the government ended the strike by passing the Coal Mines Act, extending the minimum wage to the mining industry and certain other industries with many manual jobs.

Hasbro Entertainment

Hasbro Entertainment is an American production and distribution company that is a division of American toy and multimedia company Hasbro. It is the successor of Hasbro Studios/Allspark, following the sale of the majority of Entertainment One's assets (except for its family brands division, which has been folded into Hasbro) to Lionsgate on December 27, 2023.

Eurovision Song Contest 1988

The Eurovision Song Contest 1988 was the 33rd edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. The contest had 21 countries taking part (originally 22 but Cyprus was disqualified). Switzerland won with "Ne partez pas sans moi", performed by Céline Dion.

It was held in Dublin after Ireland won in 1987 with Johnny Logan's song "Hold Me Now". 

Groups of sixteen people from each country ranked the songs. Each country's jury then awarded points to their ten favourite songs, with 12 going to the best, 10 to the second and 8 to 1 to the third to tenth ranked songs. The country with the most points won the contest.

Mukhtar Ashraf

Syed Muhammad Mukhtar Ashraf Ashrafi Al-Jilani (4 August 1916-21 November 1996) known as Sarkar-e-Kalaan or Makhdoom-ul-Mashaikh was an Indian Sufi saint and Islamic scholar who belonged to the family of Sadaat-e-Kichhauchha, the descendants of Ashraf Jahangir Semnani. He was father of Syed Muhammad Izhar Ashraf, his successor as the custodian of Dargah of Ashraf Jahangir Semnani.

Kurixalus naso

The uphill tree frog, long-snouted tree frog, Annandale's high-altitude tree frog, or proboscis frilled tree frog ("Kurixalus naso") is a frog. It lives in China, India, and Myanmar. People have seen it between 252 and 1631 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees. Scientists do not think it lives in places that human beings have changed. The frog lays eggs in small pools of water that dry up for part of the year. The eggs hatch into tadpoles that swim.

These frogs fight each other over good places to look for food. It only eats a few kinds of food, mostly animals without spines.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. Human beings change the places where it lives to make farms called "jhum" and to build dams that make electricity.

Chessplus

Chessplus is a chess variant made by the Australian family company Chessplus Team.

Chessplus can come in 1 of 3 packages.


As for the pieces, they are designed so players can merge them.

Chessplus is played similarly to basic chess, but pieces can merge. The only piece that can not merge is the king. Pieces can only merge with other pieces of their own color. Only 2 pieces can be merged at a time. Pieces may split, in which they use their original move.
Castling may be done with a piece merged with a rook. Just like in regular chess, the rook can not have moved. For example, if a knight moved to combine with a rook, castling is possible, but if that rook moved to combine with the knight, then that rook can no longer castle. 

Similar to the castling rules, en passant can only be used on a combination of 2 pawns. If the combination were to be a pawn and another piece, en passant is not allowed.

It was inspired by an illegal move the leader's daughter, Aimee, who, at age 8, made during a chess match with her father.

Chessplus received mostly good reviews.


</nowiki>
Michael Catain

Michael Alan Catain (born March 12, 1956) is an American businessman and convicted criminal. He became well-known through his connection to Tom Petters, a former businessman and convicted criminal, and the Petters US$3.7 billion Ponzi scheme.

Michael Alan Catain was born in Cook County, Illinois on March 12, 1956, as the younger of two children to Jack M. Catain Jr., a businessman and convicted criminal who was a central figure in the biggest American stock-market scandal of the 1980s, and Marlene Catain (née Noble; 1934–2014), a homemaker and retired women's apparel sales associate. His mother was Jewish. His elder sister is Michele Catain, a crew member and real estate agent.

Catain attended Birmingham High School, a charter college-preparatory school, graduating in 1974. He then attended Western Colorado University, a public university.

Catain founded Enchanted Family Buying Company (EFBC) in Excelsior, Minnesota in 2002, which was later revealed to be a shell corporation. He funneled about US$12 billion through his company at Anchor Bank and collected about US$3 million in commission.

On October 3, 2008, Catain was charged with money laundering. On October 8, he pleaded guilty to money laundering on behalf of the former businessman and convicted criminal Tom Petters between 2002 and September 2008. The Petters Ponzi scheme has been included under historical examples on the list of Ponzi schemes. He then awaited sentencing. He had properties in Costa Rica. In January 2009, Catain was taken back into custody after violating the terms of his release by hiding assets from the court. He was accused of taking US$14,000 in proceeds from Excelsior Bay Car Wash, a car wash he owned. His home was searched and some items were removed, which were later returned. His assets were frozen, by a court-order. He once told Petters: "it rained last night and 18 head of cabbage grew", later confirming that he meant US$18,000 in cash had been delivered. Catain first met Petters in the mid-1990s, when Catain was running a retail liquidation business. Petters first approached Catain in 2000. Catain was later sued by GE Capital and put out of business. Catain testified against Petters in court on November 12, 2010. He was due to be sentenced after March 15, 2010. His sentencing date had not been scheduled by July 2010. He had no prior criminal record. He was ordered to be released from the Sherburne County jail by a federal judge on March 21, 2011. Catain's wife, Joan Kenney Catain, has been named in official court documents.

On September 13, 2010, Catain was sentenced to seven and a half years in federal prison on one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering. He had been released on a US$25,000 bond in October 2008 and jailed for two months in early 2009. He received credit for the two months he had previously served. He requested to serve his full time at the federal prison camp in Duluth, Minnesota. His release date was set for March 31, 2017.

Catain was released on April 21, 2017, according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons. He had been imprisoned at Duluth Federal Prison Camp. He spent three years on supervised release.

Catain founded lovepeacecows.com upon his release from prison, and worked at Tinos Pizza, a family run pizzeria in Birmingham.

Catain married Joan Kenney Wolff (born 1956), a businesswoman, in Clark County, Nevada on January 3, 1981. They have two sons together; Michael Alan "Mike" Catain Jr. (born December 3, 1981), a chiropractor, and Nicholas Edward "Nick" Catain (born January 2, 1989), a psychologist.

Catain is the uncle of Todd Durboraw, a former actor and crew member.

Catain's father, Jack M. Catain Jr., married Kathleen Richards, a casting director, in 1980. Richards was Catain's stepmother, briefly. Catain Jr. and Richards divorced in 1982. Catain's mother, Marlene Katz, died from cancer in Las Vegas, Nevada on September 29, 2014. She was 80. Marlene married Byron Ellis "Al" Katz (1928–2019), a businessman, in 1986. Katz was Catain's stepfather.

Catain resides in Minnetonka, Minnesota.

In March 2011, it was reported that Catain was in poor health and would need hip and back surgery in the near future.

Pittsburgh International Airport

Pittsburgh International Airport (IATA: PIT, ICAO: KPIT, FAA LID: PIT), previously known as Greater Pittsburgh International Airport, is a civil-military international airport in Findlay Township and Moon Township, Pennsylvania, United States. Around 10 miles (16km) west of downtown Pittsburgh, it is the main airport of the Greater Pittsburgh Region.

Ground proximity warning system

A Ground Proximity Warning System (GPWS) is a system meant to warn pilots if the aircraft they’re flying is in immediate danger into terrain. The FAA defines GPWS as a type of Terrain Awareness and Warning System (TAWS). More advanced GPWS systems were introduced in 1996 which are known as Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning Systems (EGPWS) which is a modern type of TAWS.
Cities: Skylines

Cities: Skylines is a city-building video game. It was published by Paradox Interactive and was developed by Colossal Order. The game was first released on 10 March 2015 for Linux, OS X, and Windows. It was also later released on 21 April 2017 for the Xbox One, 15 August 2017 for the PlayStation 4, 13 September 2018 for the Nintendo Switch, 17 May 2022 for the Google Stadia, and 15 February 2023 for the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S.

When the idea of a full city simulation game first came up, Colossal Order had rejected the idea because they didn't believe that they could properly compete with the "SimCity" series. They decided to change their minds after they saw an opportunity with the failure of the 2013 "SimCity".

In the game, players build a city. They can control many things in the city such as taxes and zoning. With the inclusion of the "Natural Disasters" DLC, sometimes things such as earthquakes, tsunamis and other disasters can hit and destroy parts of the town. Players can use mods from the Steam Workshop to expand and increase the level's area to build.

There was a sequel game called "" on 24 October 2023.

The game was very well liked by both game critics and players. Critics said that they liked the low cost of the game and that it felt like a return to what made the city building genre great. Some even said that it had overtaken "SimCity" as the dominant game in the genre.

Since June 2022, "Cities: Skylines" has sold over 12 million copies worldwide. It is also the best selling game in Finnish game history.

Echo, Utah

Echo is a census-designated place (CDP) in Summit County, Utah, United States.

Daniel Gygax

Daniel Gygax (born 28 August 1981) is a former Swiss football player. He played as a midfielder. He has played for FC Zürich, FC Winterthur, FC Aarau, Lille, Metz, 1. FC Nürnberg, FC Luzern, FC Le Mont, Zug 94 and the Switzerland national team.

Vertical stabilizer

A vertical stabilizer or a tail fin is a part of the vertical tail of an airplane (a kind of aircraft). They also usually have one or more moveable rudders hinged to it. The role of a vertical stabilizer is to make the aircraft stable, give the pilots control of the aircraft and control the yaw of the aircraft. A vertical stabilizer is normally place on the rear fuselage of the aircraft. One plane crash involving the vertical stabilizer is Japan Airlines Flight 123.

Digital literacies

Digital literacies are "the practices of communicating, relating, thinking, and ‘being’ associated with digital media” (Jones & Hafner 2021: 17).

Jones, R. & Hafner, C. (2021). "Understanding Digital Literacies". 2nd edition. Abingdon: Routledge (1st edition 2012).
Bhar caste

The Bhar are a Hindu caste found in North India. They are also known as Rajbhar. British historian General Cunningham said that Bhars are branch of the Ahir tribe.
Shama Barnhill

Shama Barnhill (Urdu: شمع قبانی‎) (born April 25, 1985) also known as Shama Hyder is an Indian-American businessperson, writer, speaker, web and TV personality. She is known for founding Zen Media. Barnhill is also author of the books "The Zen of Social Media Marketing" and "Momentum."

Kurixalus banaensis

The bana bubble-nest frog or bana frilled tree frog ("Kurixalus banaensis") is a frog. It lives in Laos and Vietnam. People have seen it between 109 and 1510 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that have mostly evergreen trees. People have not seen them anywhere that is not a forest. Scientists think this frog's tadpoles swim in water that does not move.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. However, human beings cut down the forests where it lives to build farms. Some of the places this frog lives are protected parks: Bach Ma National Park, Song Thanh Nature Reserve, and Bac Huong Hoa Nature Reserve.

Xenia

Xenia can be

Illinois

Indiana

Iowa

Kansas

Missouri

Ohio


Xenia (variants include Ksenia, Kseniia, Ksenija, Kseniya) a feminine name, can be




George Wallace 1964 presidential campaign

The George Wallace 1964 presidential campaign began on November 15, 1963, when Alabama Governor George Wallace announced his intention to run in the 1964 Democratic Party presidential primaries against then-incumbent President John F. Kennedy. Following the assassination of Kennedy by Lee Harvey Oswald 7 days later, Wallace continued his campaign against President Lyndon B. Johnson. Wallace ultimately earned only 10.8% of the popular vote and won no contests. He suspended his campaign live on "Face the Nation" on July 19, 1964, and allegedly began to support 1964 Republican nominee Barry Goldwater. In the 1964 general election, Goldwater won Wallace's home state of Alabama by 39 points.

This was the first of four presidential campaigns by George Wallace. Wallace ran again in the 1968 United States presidential election as the nominee of the American Independent Party, where he carried 5 states. He then went on to run in the 1972 Democratic Party presidential primaries and the 1976 Democratic Party presidential primaries, where he lost the nomination to George McGovern and Jimmy Carter, respectively.

In the summer of 1964, Wallace received the endorsement of restaurant owner and future Governor of Georgia Lester Maddox.
According to "The Washington Post", former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan David Duke based his 1992 presidential campaign on Wallace's 1964 campaign.




Loitz

Loitz is a town in Vorpommern-Greifswald in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. The town is on the river Peene. It is 10 km northeast of Demmin and 22 km southwest of Greifswald.


Ueckermünde

Ueckermünde is a port town in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district. The town is at the mouth of the river Uecker into the Szczecin Lagoon.

Tutow

Tutow is a municipality in Vorpommern-Greifswald in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

Marlow, Germany

Marlow is a town in Vorpommern-Rügen in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

Zingst

Zingst is a municipality in Vorpommern-Rügen in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

Fredericktown, Missouri

Fredericktown is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Madison County.

Marquand, Missouri

Marquand is a city in Madison County, Missouri, United States.

Cobalt, Missouri

Cobalt is a village in Madison County, Missouri, United States.

Junction City, Missouri

Junction City is a village in Madison County, Missouri, United States.

Cathlamet, Washington

Cathlamet is a town in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the county seat of Wahkiakum County.

Stevenson, Washington

Stevenson is a city in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the county seat of Skamania County.

University of Pisa

The University of Pisa () is a public research university in Pisa, Italy. It was founded in 1343 and is one of the oldest universities in Europe.

Digital literacy

Digital literacy is the name for a set of skills that enable a person to exist in what is called information society. This means that people can use digital media platforms to their advantage. They can use information technology to create, evaluate, and share information. Literacy is the ability to read and write, in a given language. People who can read and write use these skills to communicate. Digital literacy is similar: The idea is to use modern electronic devices such as computers and mobile phones to get up ot date information, to share this information with others, and to comment on this information on digital platforms. The distinction between the people who have difital literacy and who can use it to theirt advantage, and those who don't have it, or can't use it is called digital divide. While using digital media platforms is often free, special devices (such as computers or mobile phones) are needed to access the platforms.

Digital native

A digital native is a person who has grown up in the Information Age. For a digital native, using digital technolgies such as computers, Mobile phones or the internet is normal. The other term is called "digital immigrant".

The term "digital native" was coined by Marc Prensky, an American writer, speaker and technologist who wrote several articles referencing this subject. This term specifically applied to the generation that grew up in the "digital age," predominantly regarding individuals born after the year 1980, namely Millennials, Generation Z, and Generation Alpha. Individuals from these demographic cohorts can consume digital information quickly and comfortably through electronic devices and platforms such as computers, mobile phones, and social media.

History of the universe

The history of the universe started with an event called "The Big Bang".
It took place billions of years ago, when the universe went from highly-packed energy, to rapidly-expanding energy, like an explosion. The universe still expands today.

The earliest stages of the universe had equal amounts of matter and anti-matter. They collided with each other, and canceled each other out. After thousands of years, matter began to outnumber anti-matter. Today, the universe is made of mostly matter, and not much anti-matter exists.

The different types of subatomic particles appeared quickly. One second after the Big Bang, particles called neutrinos separated from the rest of the universe. Neutrinos still exist, but are so small we can't see them without large nuclear machines.

When the subatomic particles collided, they created atoms. Everything you can touch and feel is made of atoms. Atoms are categorized into elements based on their subatomic particles. Elements with simple atomic structures, such as hydrogen and helium, were seen soon after the Big Bang.

Atoms can have different states, depending on how much energy they have. When these earliest atoms first released energy in the form of light, they left a measurable effect in the form of a faint glow called electromagnetic radiation that large telescopes at observatories can see in the night sky.

Once hydrogen and helium started forming, they created clouds of gas. Gravity caused these clouds to rotate, creating galaxies and stars. Some atoms, such as lithium, appeared as dust particles. As dust particles formed and gravitated toward each other, they created planets.

The Big Bang took place sometime 10-22 billion years ago, and Earth first formed around 4 billion years ago. The history of life on Earth began soon after it was formed, around 3.7 billion years ago. However, humans did not appear until much later, ~6 million-500,000 years ago, a tiny fraction of the history of life (~0.16%, this is because a billion is much, much larger than a million!).

Some day, the universe will end. This is estimated to occur extremely far in the future, in an event called the "Heat Death". When this happens, the universe will have expanded so much, that all matter will be equalized. It is estimated to occur in (17 followed by 106 zeroes) years in the future (also written as 1.7*10^106 years.).

Physicists believe that an even longer time after the end of the universe (~10^10^10^56 years), another universe could randomly appear.
Michele Catain

Michele Lynn "Mickey" Catain (born November 6, 1953), formally Michele Durboraw, is an American crew member and real estate agent. She is best known for "Welcome Back, Kotter" (1978–1979), "The Next Karate Kid" (1994) and "" (1999–2001). She is based in the Las Vegas, Nevada area.

Michele Lynn Catain was born in Los Angeles, California on November 6, 1953, as the elder of two children to Jack M. Catain Jr., a businessman and convicted criminal who was a central figure in the biggest American stock-market scandal of the 1980s, and Marlene Catain (née Noble; 1934–2014), a homemaker and retired women's apparel sales associate. Her mother was Jewish. Her younger brother is Michael Catain, a businessman and convicted criminal.

Catain attended Birmingham High School, a charter college-preparatory school.

Catain began her career on September 11, 1978, on the casting department for the fourth season of the ABC sitcom "Welcome Back, Kotter".

Catain worked as a production assistant on the children's music sing-along "Kidsongs: The Wonderful World of Sport" in March 1987.

Catain worked as a production coordinator: Usa on the film "Blink of an Eye" on July 24, 1992.

Catain worked as production secretary on the martial arts drama film "The Next Karate Kid" on August 12, 1994.

Catain worked as a production executive on the seventh and eighth season of the CBS comedy-mystery-medical crime drama television series "" between September 19, 1999 and November 23, 2001. She then worked on two television movies from the ; "Town Without Pity" on February 6, 2002 and "Without Warning" on April 26, 2002.

Catain worked on episodes two, three and four of the UPN drama television series "The Beat" on March 28, April 4, and April 11, 2000.

Catain was credited as Michele Durboraw throughout her career as a crew member.

Catain works as a real estate agent in the Las Vegas, Nevada area. She works for ERA Brokers. She is known by her maiden name, professionally.

Catain married David Thomas Durboraw (born June 4, 1951), a businessman, in Los Angeles, California on February 17, 1974. Their only child, Todd Durboraw, a former actor and crew member, was born on April 28, 1976. The couple divorced on October 3, 1979. She has four grandchildren.

Catain's father, Jack M. Catain Jr., married Kathleen Richards, a casting director, in 1980. Richards was Catain's stepmother, briefly. Catain Jr. and Richards divorced in 1982. Catain's mother, Marlene Katz, died from cancer in Las Vegas, Nevada on September 29, 2014. She was 80. Marlene married Byron Ellis "Al" Katz (1928–2019), a businessman, in 1986. Katz was Catain's stepfather.

Catain is also known as Mickey Catain.

Catain resides in Henderson, Nevada.

Count Nikolai of Monpezat

Count Nikolai of Monpezat (born Prince Nikolai of Denmark; August 28 1999) is a member of the Danish royal family. He is the eldest son of Prince Joachim and his first wife, Alexandra, Countess of Frederiksborg, the eldest grandchild of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik, and the eldest nephew of King Frederik X. He is currently sixth in the line of succession to the Danish throne. At the time of his birth, he was third, after his uncle and father. 

Nikolai was born a prince of Denmark at Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen on 28 August 1999. He is the oldest grandchild of Queen Margrethe II and her late husband, Prince Henrik. 

He was baptized in the chapel of the Fredensborg Palace on 6 November 1999 by the Danish Chaplain-in-Ordinary, Christian Thodberg. At the christening, the musical work Lys pa din vej, composed by Frederik Magel and dedicated to the prince, was performed for the first time. His godparents are his paternal uncle King Frederik X, his maternal aunt Nicola Baird, Prince Edward, Duke of Edinburgh, Peter Steenstrup and Camilla Flint. 

After their divorce in 2005, Prince Joachim and Alexandra had joint custody of the prince and his brother Count Felix. 

Nikolai was confirmed on 18 May 2013 in Fredensborg Palace Church in the presence of his immediate family and all his godparents. 

Like his father and uncle, the prince attended Krebs School in Copenhagen. In 2014, he attended 10th grade at Herlufsholm School in Naestved. He received his upper secondary education there as well. Upon leaving Herlufsholm School in August 2018, he started a two-year miliary program at the Royal Danish Army's Sergeant School in Varde. However, he dropped out two months later as he felt a career in the military did not suit him. In July 2019, he was admitted to Copenhagen Business School to study Business Administration and Service Management. As part of that course, in 2023, Nikolai moved to Australia to take a semester at University of Technology Sydney. 

In early 2018, Nikolai signed as a fashion model with the agency Scoop Models. He made his runway debut in February 2018 at Burberry's show at London Fashion Week. He says he sees modeling as a job rather than a career. 

In February 2023, Nikolai signed as a model for Elite Model World-Paris under the name of 'Nikolai.' 

In May he also signed with Barcelona based modeling agency Sight Management Studio as 'Count Nikolai of Monpezat.' 


Milano Centrale railway station

Milano Centrale is the main railway station of the city of Milan, Italy, and is the second busiest railway station in Italy (after Roma Termini). It is at the northern end of central Milan. It is the largest railway station in Europe. 

The station is a terminus. It opened in 1931. The old central station built in 1864 could not handle the increased traffic caused by the opening of the Simplon Tunnel in 1906.

Milano Centrale has high-speed connections to Turin in the west, Venice via Verona in the east and on the north–south mainline to Bologna, Rome, Naples and Salerno. The Simplon and Gotthard railway lines connect Milano Centrale to Basel and Geneva via Domodossola and Zürich via Chiasso in Switzerland.

The Milan suburban railway service does not use Milano Centrale but the other mainline stations: Porta Garibaldi (northwest), Cadorna (west) and Rogoredo (east).

Architect Aldo Rossi said in an interview of February 1995 to Cecilia Bolognesi: "They told me that when Frank Lloyd Wright came to Milan, and he came only once, he was really impressed by it and said it was the most beautiful station in the world. For me it is also more beautiful than Grand Central Station in New York. I know few stations like this one".

Bologna Centrale railway station

Bologna Centrale is the main railway station in Bologna, Italy. It is at the northern edge of the city centre. It is the southern end of the Milan-Bologna high-speed line, which opened on 13 December 2008. It is the northern end of three lines between Bologna and Florence: the original Bologna-Florence line through Porretta Terme and Pistoia; the Bologna–Florence Direttissima via Prato, which opened on 22 April 1934 and the Bologna-Florence high-speed line, which opened to traffic on 13 December 2009.

Bologna Centrale is the fifth-busiest in Italy. There are about 58 million passengers per year. It is one of the busiest, along with Rome Termini Station, for the number of train movements per day (about 800).

The station is linked to Bologna Guglielmo Marconi Airport by the Marconi Express, a direct monorail line in length, launched on 18 November 2020.

There are two levels of railway tracks in the station complex: Bologna Centrale and Bologna Centrale (AV) "alta velocità (high speed)". The central part of Bologna Centrale has through tracks for high-speed trains (except Frecciarossa trains which travel only on the Milan-Bologna high-speed line), intercity and regional trains. The western side has six tracks for regional trains from Milan or Verona. The eastern side has six tracks for regional trains from Prato, Ancona and Pescara.

Count Felix of Monpezat

Count Felix of Monpezat (born Prince Felix of Denmark; 22 July 2002) is a member of the Danish royal family. He is the younger son of Prince Joachim and his first wife, Alexandra, Countess of Frederiksborg. He is a grandson of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik, a nephew of King Frederik X. Felix is currently seventh in the line of succession to the Danish throne.

Biography

Felix was born a Prince of Denmark at Rigshospitalet, the Copenhagen University Hospital in Copenhagen, Denmark on 22 July 2002. When his father met the press following the birth, he joked that the baby could be named from Ib to Nebuchadnaar. 

He was baptized in Mogeltonder Church in Mogeltonder on 4 October 2002 by the Danish Chaplain-in-Ordinary, Christian Thodberg. His names were revealed to be Felix Henrik Valdemar Christian. His godparents are his maternal aunt, Martina Bent; and friends of his parents, Count Christian Ahlefeldt-Laurvig, Oscar Davidsen Siesbye, Damian Sibley and Annick Boel. At the christening, the musical work Dabens Pagt composed by Frederik Magle, dedicated to Prince Felix, saw its inaugural performance. 

After their divorce, Prince Joachim and Countess Alexandra shared joint custody of Felix and his older brother Nikolai. 

The prince attended pre-school at the Garnison Church in Copenhagen, and at age six, followed in the footsteps of his father, brother and uncle at Krebs School in Osterbro. In 2018, he began his secondary education at Gammel Hellerup Gymnasium, making him the first member of the Danish royal family to attend a non-private upper secondary school. 

In 2021, the Danish court confirmed that he had passed his entry exam to the Royal Danish Military Academy. 

In October 2022, he left his (2 year long) Army's Lieutenant Training, which he had begun in August, at the Gardehus Barracks in Slagelse, south-west of Copenhagen. He then started modeling with luxury jeweler Georg Jensen. 

Titles and Styles 

22 July 2002-29 April 2008 His Highness Prince Felix of Denmark 

29 April 2008-1 January 2023 His Highness Prince Felix of Denmark, Count of Monpezat 

1 January 2023-present His Excellency Count Felix of Monpezat 

Honors

-Recipient 75th Birthday Medal of Henrik, Prince Consort (11 June 2009)

-Recipient 70th Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (16 April 2010)

-Recipient Ruby Jubilee Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (14 January 2012)

-Recipient 75th Birthday Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (16 April 2015)
Madrid Atocha railway station

Madrid Atocha , also named Madrid Puerta de Atocha–Almudena Grandes, was the first major railway station in Madrid. It is the largest station in the city. serving commuter trains, regional trains from the south and southeast, intercity trains from Navarre, Cádiz and Huelva (Andalusia) and La Rioja, and the AVE high speed trains from Girona, Tarragona and Barcelona (Catalonia), Huesca and Zaragoza (Aragon), Sevilla, Córdoba, Málaga and Granada (Andalusia), Valencia, Castellón and Alicante (Levante Region). As of 2019, this station has daily services to Marseille, France.

The station is in the Atocha neighborhood of the district of Arganzuela. 

Atocha station is a railway complex, formed by the Madrid Atocha Cercanías and Madrid Puerta de Atocha stations of Spain's national railways and a station of the Madrid underground called Atocha-Renfe. Renfe is the state-owned company which operates freight and passenger trains since 1941.

The old station opened in 1851. It was largely destroyed by fire and rebuilt by the MZA railway company. It reopened in 1892. A new four-track underground station with two through platforms for high-speed services is being built in 2024.

Seville–Santa Justa railway station

Seville–Santa Justa railway station is the main railway station in Seville, Andalusia. It was opened in 1991 when the Madrid–Seville high-speed rail line opened. It serves about 9.25 million passengers a year.

Seville's first main railway station was called Plaza de Armas railway station. It was on the banks of the Guadalquivir river. It was a terminus station for trains heading north of the city. A southern terminus called the "Cádiz station" served southbound trains. As part of the preparations for the arrival of the Seville Expo '92, the rail tracks on the river bank were removed and the area redeveloped. The Madrid–Seville high-speed rail line opened in 1992 with the new Santa Justa railway station connected via a tunnel to the underground San Bernardo railway station. There are now through services north to south.

Alexandra, Countess of Frederiksborg

Alexandra Christina, Countess of Frederiksborg, RE, formerly Princess Alexandra of Denmark, (nee Manley; born 30 June 1964) is the former wife of Prince Joachim of Denmark, the younger brother of King Frederik X of Denmark. 

She was born in Hong Kong. She is of mixed Asian-European ancestry. She met Prince Joachim in 1994. They married in 1995 and had two sons together. They divorced in 2005. 




Todd Durboraw

Todd Alyn Durboraw (born April 28, 1976) is an American former actor and crew member. He is best known for his work on the CBS police procedural crime drama television series "Criminal Minds" between 2001 and 2020.

Todd Alyn Durboraw was born in Los Angeles, California on April 28, 1976, as the only child to Michele Catain, a crew member and real estate agent, and David Thomas Durboraw (born 1951), a businessman. His parents divorced when he was two years old. His paternal grandfather was Jack M. Catain Jr., a businessman and convicted criminal. His uncle is Michael Catain, a businessman and convicted criminal.

Durboraw, at the age of 10, made his debut and only appearance as an actor with the role of Australian Kid in the children's music sing-along film "Kidsongs: I'd Like To Teach the World to Sing". His performance was uncredited.

Durboraw appeared as himself in the 1987 children's music sing along film "Kidsongs: The Wonderful World of Sport". He was credited as Todd Alyn.

Durboraw appeared as himself on the first season of the Syndication children's music television series "The Kidsongs Television Show" from 1987 to 1989.

Durboraw made his debut as a crew member in 1996, as a clapper loader on the ""A Stitch in Johnnytime"" episode of Johnnytime.

Durboraw worked as a second assistant camera on the ABC television sitcom "Sabrina the Teenage Witch" from September 27, 1996 to May 5, 2000.

Durboraw worked as a clapper loader on 48 episodes of the Fox science fiction drama television series "The X-Files" between 2000 and 2001.

Durboraw worked as a second and first assistant camera on the ABC legal drama and comedy drama television series "Boston Legal" from October 3, 2004 to December 8, 2008.

Durboraw worked as a second assistant camera on the first season of the ABC sitcom television series "Modern Family" from September 23, 2009 to May 19, 2010.

Durboraw worked as a second assistant camera on the NBC legal comedy-drama television series "Harry's Law" from January 17, 2011 to May 27, 2012.

Durboraw worked as a second assistant camera and production staff on 193 episodes of the CBS police procedural crime drama television series "Criminal Minds" between 2011 and 2020. Durboraw filed a lawsuit against supervisor Greg St. Johns on July 26, 2019. Durboraw alleges that St. Johns touched him in a sexual manor "approximately two to three times a week on average" from 2011. He is also suing ABC Studios, CBS, Warner Bros. and Entertianment Partners Enterprises on claims of assault, battery, sexual harassment and retaliation.

Dubroraw worked as a second assistant camera on the Showtime comedy-drama television series "Roadies" in 2016.

Durboraw is married to Christina Marie Durboraw, a businesswoman. They have four children together; Tyler, Riley, Alexis, and Reagan.

First Republic of Venezuela

The First Republic of Venezuela was a short-lived independent republic set up in New Granada in 1811 during the South American Wars of Liberation. lasting from 5 July 1811, to 25 July 1812. The period of the First Republic began with the overthrow of the Spanish colonial authorities Venezuela is notable for being the first Spanish American colony to declare its independence. 
Fictophilia

Fictophilia describes the attraction towards fictional characters.

Rhombichthys

Rhombichthys is an extinct genus of ellimmichthyiform from the Cenomanian of Palestine that contains only one species, R. intoccabilis.

"Rhombichthys" is a bizarre-looking fish. It does not exceed 25 cm. The most salient feature is its deep, rhombus-shaped body, hence its generic name. This is likely due to its high dorsal fin, which extends along the major part of the dorsal margin of the body.

The mouth was strongly faced upwards, so that the jaws were oriented almost vertically.

SMRT Corporation

SMRT Corporation is a public transport operator in Singapore operating bus and rail services. SMRT is part of the Government of Singapore's Temasek Holdings. It was created on 6 August 1987 and was listed on the Singapore Exchange from 26 July 2000 until 31 October 2016. It is one of the two major companies of Singapore's rail services along with SBS Transit.

Temasek

Temasek is the old name for the Republic of Singapore. (Chinese: 淡马锡, Malay: Temasek, Tamil: டெமாசெக்). Temasek was founded by Sang Nila Utama in 1299 and he renamed it to the Kingdom Of Singapura (1299-1345)
Sang Nila Utama

Sang Nila Utama was a prince in the Indonesian city of Palembang, and also the founder of the Kingdom of Singapura in 1299. His dad, King Sang Sapurba is giving him the throne next.

Detroit: Become Human

Detroit: Become Human is an adventure video game. It was published by Sony Interactive Entertainment and was developed by Quantic Dream. The game was first released on 25 May 2018 for the PlayStation 4. It was also later released on 12 December 2019 for Windows.

The game is set in 2038 Detroit. The player controls three androids called Kara, Connor, and Markus. Each of them have a different goal. Kara has become sentient and wants to protect a little girl named Alice. Connor does detective work to try and hunt for androids that have gained sentience. Markus becomes sentient and wants to help make other androids sentient as well. There are multiple ending depending on the players actions.

The game was very well liked by both game critics and players. Critics said that they liked the setting, story, characters, and visuals.

Since December 2023, "Detroit: Become Human" has sold over 9 million copies worldwide. It is also the best selling game released by Quantic Dream.

Flour massacre

The Flour massacre happened in Gaza Strip on February 29, 2024. At least 118 people were killed, and around 760 people were injured when Israeli forces shot at civilians who were trying to get food from aid trucks near the Al-Nabulsi Roundabout on Al-Rashid Street in Gaza City.

Journalists, diplomats, and human rights groups call it a massacre, but the Israeli military disagrees with the term. Three Hospitals said they have treated over 100, 142, and "dozens" of people with gunshot wounds. The United Nations confirmed that many victims of gunshot wounds were present at Al-Shifa Hospital.

One of the victim who saw the incident said, "We went to get flour. The Israeli army shot at us. There are many martyrs on the ground and until this moment we are withdrawing them. There is no first aid."

The event became known as the "flour massacre", as named by the Palestinians.
The Gaza Health Ministry has reported that northern Gaza is in famine. Medical officials have reported that a "significant number" of children in Gaza have died due to malnutrition and Palestinians in Gaza City have been eating grass and animal feed to survive.

Dr. Mohammed Salha, Director at Al-Awda Hospital told reporters that 142 of the 176 wounded people that were brought to the hospital had gunshot wounds, and that the remaining 34 were injured from a stampede.


F9 (movie)

F9 is a 2021 American action-thriller movie. It is the eighth movie in the "Fast & Furious" franchise series. It stars Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez, Tyrese Gibson, Chris "Ludacris" Bridges, John Cena, Nathalie Emmanuel, Jordana Brewster, Sung Kang, Michael Rooker, Helen Mirren, Kurt Russell, and Charlize Theron.

The movie was released on June 25, 2021. It made $726.2 million around the world.


Jack M. Catain Jr.

Jack Michael Catain Jr. (May 29, 1930 – February 21, 1987) was an American businessman and convicted criminal. He became well-known through his connections to the American Mafia.

Jack Michael Catain Jr. was born in Cook County, Illinois on May 29, 1930, as the younger of two sons to Jack Michael Catain Sr. (1904–1978), a businessman, and Angelina "Angie" Catain (née Capoluongo; 1904–1958), a housewife. His elder brother was Salvatore Rocco "Solly" Catain (1928–2021), an electrician.

Catain Jr. graduated from Von Steuben High School, a public high school in Chicago, in 1946.

Catain Jr. founded an aluminum company upon moving from Chicago, Illinois to Los Angeles, California in the 1950s. He eventually headed the company as president when it was acquired by Rusco, a Westwood-based conglomerate with annual revenues of US$100 million. Catain Jr. and Rusco were the subject of police investigations around 1978. He denied the allegations against him. He stepped down from the company in 1980.

Catain Jr. was involved in businesses ranging from cosmetics and construction to exotic-car sales. He worked primarily as a San Fernando Valley businessman.

Catain Jr. was well connected to the mob, with links to the highest level of American Mafia "families" in Chicago, Philadelphia, Detroit, and New York. He was the focus of much police effort since, at least, 1976. He had been accused of money laundering, extortion, trading in stolen securities, counterfeiting, and ticket scalping. He worked as a loan shark. He was labeled a mobster by "The Wall Street Journal". He had been named a Genovese Mafia enforcer.

Catain Jr. was indicted on federal counterfeiting charges in 1982, but after numerous postponements, William P. Gray, a United States District Judge, dismissed the case against him in April 1986.

Catain Jr. was convicted at his first ever trial on federal racketeering charges of conspiring to sell part of a US$3.3 million cache of counterfeit US$100 bills on November 7, 1986. He denied the allegations against him and accused the United States Secret Service investigators and prosecutors from the United States Organized Crime Strike Force of tampering with evidence. His sentencing was scheduled for December 8. He was released on US$50,000 bail. Catain Jr. was scheduled to be sentenced on January 28, 1987, but, was admitted to the hospital with a heart problem on January 27, and his sentencing was postponed for three weeks. On February 18, 1987, it was reported that his sentencing had been postponed for six months and scheduled for August 17. Catain Jr. died three days later while awaiting sentencing. He had faced up to 15 years imprisonment and US$225,000 in fines.

Catain Jr. was connected to Barry Minkow, a businessman, pastor and convicted felon. After graduating from high school in 1985, Minkow devoted all of his time to ZZZZ Best. Short of cash, Minkow got a loan from Catain. Catain later sued Minkow for not paying him his share of the company's profits, but Minkow claimed Catain was a usurer. The lawsuit was still working its way through the courts at the time of Catain's death.

Catain Jr. resided in Tarzana, Los Angeles. He had contributed to numerous charities. He was a registered Democrat.

Catain Jr. was married three times, and had two children from his first marriage.

Catain Jr. married Marlene Noble (1934–2014), an apparel sales associate, in Cook County, Illinois on May 29, 1953, his 23rd birthday. They had two children together; a daughter, Michele Catain (born November 6, 1953), a crew member and real estate agent, and a son, Michael Catain (born March 12, 1956), a businessman and convicted criminal. Their divorce was finalized on December 26, 1979. He had two grandsons, including Todd Durboraw. A third grandson was born two years after his death. Marlene's sister, Florence Joyce "Flory" Noble, was married to Catain Jr.'s brother from September 25, 1953 until her death on December 22, 2018.

Catain Jr. married Kathleen Richards, a casting director, in Los Angeles, California on July 4, 1980. He gained three stepdaughters upon this marriage; Kathy Hilton, Kim Richards and Kyle Richards, all of whom were actresses. Their divorce was finalized on March 16, 1982.

Catain Jr. married Phyllis Joan Sherwood (née Dorne; born May 12, 1935), a performer, singer and actress, in Los Angeles, California on May 1, 1983. He gained two grown stepsons upon this marriage; Michael Sherwood and Billy Sherwood, both of whom were musicians, the sons of Bobby Sherwood, an actor. She worked as the president of Beauty Sales Inc. and Le Mid during their marriage. The couple separated in 1985 and were married at the time of his death.

Catain Jr. had a long history of medical problems. He survived two heart attacks and had artificial hips. He had also been diagnosed with terminal heart disease. He suffered from a variety of heart ailments. He underwent open heart surgery.

Catain Jr. died while in the cardiac intensive care unit at Encino Hospital Medical Center in Los Angeles, California on February 21, 1987. He was 56. His death was confirmed by a nursing supervisor, but no further details were announced. His attorney, James A. Twitty, confirmed that he had been hospitalized for heart surgery.

Catain Jr. was interred at the San Fernando Mission Cemetery in Mission Hills, Los Angeles, California.

Rail transport in the Czech Republic

Rail transport in the Czech Republic carried 193.5 million passengers in 2019, and 68.37 million tonnes of cargo in the year 2009. Most passenger services are run by the state company České dráhy (Czech Railways). Until 2007 they also managed cargo services. Now they are run by ČD Cargo. 

In 2009 the country had 9,420 km of standard gauge track, 3,153 km is electrified. There are two main electrification systems in the Czech Republic, 3 kV DC in the northern part, and 25 kV 50 Hz AC in the south. One historical 24 km long line uses 1.5 kV DC. Since 2009 one short local line to Austria uses 15 kV 16.7 Hz AC). Locomotives had to be changed on boundaries in the past. The network has same gauge links to all four countries bordering the Czech Republic (Slovakia, Austria, Germany and Poland). Major hubs for international passenger services are in Prague, Ostrava, Brno and Břeclav. The busiest station (by number of passengers) is Praha hlavní nádraží. Maximum speed on Czech rails is 160 km/h (99mph).

Count Henrik of Monpezat

Count Henrik of Monpezat (born Prince Henrik of Denmark; 4 May 2009) is a member of the Danish royal family. He is the third and youngest son of Prince Joachim and the only son of his second wife, Princess Marie. He is a grandson of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik and a nephew of King Frederik X. 

Henrik is eighth in the line of succession to the Danish throne.

Henrik was born a prince of Denmark on 4 May 2009 at Rigshospitalet, the Copenhagen University Hospital in Copenhagen. He has two older half-brothers from his father's first marriage, Nikolai and Felix, and a younger sister, Athena.

As per Danish royal tradition, his names were not revealed until his christening, which took place on 26 July 2009 at Mogeltonder Church, where his older brother Felix was also christened. At his christening, he received the names Henrik Carl Joachim Alain.

His godparents are his paternal aunt, Queen Mary of Denmark; his maternal uncles, Charles Cavallier and Benjamin Grandet; his mother's lady-in-waiting, Britt Davidsen Siesbye; as well as family friend, Christian Scherfig.

On 11 August 2015, he started school at Sct. Joseph Sostrenes Skole-a Catholic private school in Ordrup. In 2019, when he and his family moved to France, he was enrolled at the private school EIB Monceau in the 8th arrondissement of Paris. 

On Ascension Day, Thursday 18 May 2023, Count Henrik was confirmed in Frederikskirken-The Danish Church in Paris. The confirmation took place at 11:00 administered by the royal Chaplain-in-Ordinary, bishop Henrik Wigh-Poulsen, with the assistance of Frederikskirken's minister, Malene Bendtsen. 

Titles and Styles 

4 May 2009-1 January 2023 His Highness Prince Henrik of Denmark, Count of Monpezat 

1 January 2023-present His Excellency Count Henrik of Monpezat
Mouse Fitzgerald

Mouse Fitzgerald is the main protagonist of the Adult Swim television series "12 oz. Mouse". He is voiced by Matt Maiellaro.

Mouse Fitzgerald is a bright lime-green, crudely drawn mouse who has a circular body, oval-shaped head, two light lime-green ears, and several stick-like appendages.

Fitz is a green mouse who displays sociopathic, alcoholic, amnesiac, and anthropomorphic behavior. He is fond of beer and is caught in a world of espionage, love, and the delights of odd jobs. His speech usually consists of slow surrealist talking or a roundabout figure of speech instead of straight answers to questions. The first season of 12 oz. Mouse begins with him and his best friend Skillet causing havoc in Cardboard City, but Fitz quickly begins to recover suppressed memories that he once had a wife and a child who have now vanished. This leads him to seek answers about his past and the shadowy forces that seem to be manipulating his world.


Fadia Nasr Abu Alhaija

Fadia Naser Abu El Hija ( Arabic : فادیا ناسر ابو الهیجا ; born in 1955 ) is an education researcher. She is a full professor of education at Tel Aviv University , and serves as the head of the school of education. 

Abu Elhija is the first Palestinian to receive a professorship at a university in Israel and the first Arab woman to be appointed as a member of the Council for Higher Education in Israel. 

Sge graduated from University of Georgia.

In February 2016, she was one of six of the council's 19 members, who resigned in protest over the fact that Minister of Education Naftali Bennett dismissed Professor Hagit Messer Yaron from her position as deputy chairman of the council.

Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg

Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, Countess Ahlefeldt-Laurvig-Bille (Alexandra Rosemarie Ingrid Benedikte; born 20 November 1970), is the first daughter and second of three children of Prince Richard of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berlrburg and Princess Benedikte of Denmark. Under the succession rules set by King Frederik IX, since Princess Benedikte and her children, including Princess Alexandra, have not taken up permanent residence in Denmark, they have effectively waived their place in the line of succession to the Danish throne. Since 19 May 1998, Alexandra has been a Danish citizen.

First Marriage and Children 

Alexandra was married on 6 June 1998 at Grasten Palace to Count Jefferson Pfeil Klein-Ellguth. Jefferson and Alexandra are distantly related, as both have descended from Leopold III, Duke of Anhalt-Dessau. The couple has two children:

-Count Friedrich Richard Oscar Jefferson Pfeil Klein-Ellguth (born 14 September 1999 at Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen)

-Countess Ingrid Alexandra Irma Astrid Benedikte Pfeil Klein-Ellguth (born 16 August 2003 at Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen)

The family lived in Paris, where Count Jefferson was a managing director of the local branch of the bank Sal. 

Oppenheim and where she worked at UNESCO's World Heritage Centre. Beginning in 2013, the couple lived in Heidesheim Castle, Germany, Ahlefeldt of German and Danish descent. They live at Egeskov Castle, ancestral home of Counts of Ahlefeldt. 

Career 

Princess Alexandra worked for UNESCO World Heritage Centre until 2013, in charge of preserving the cultural heritage of countries in the Middle East and South Asia. 

Titles and Styles

20 November 1970-6 June 1998 Her Highness Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg 

6 June 1998-2017 Her Highness Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, Countess of Pfeil-Ellguth

2017-18 May 2019 Her Highness Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg 

18 May 2019 Her Highness Princess Alexandra of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, Countess of Ahlefeldt-Laurvig-Bille

House: Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (by birth), Ahlefeldt (by marriage)
České dráhy

České dráhy (English: "Czech Railways"), often shortened to ČD, is the main railway operator in the Czech Republic providing regional and long-distance services.

The company was established in January 1993, after the dissolution of Czechoslovakia. It is a successor of the Czechoslovak State Railways. It is a member of the International Railway Union (UIC Country Code for the Czech Republic is 54), the Community of European Railway and Infrastructure Companies, and the Organization for Cooperation of Railways. With twenty-four thousand employees ČD Group is the fifth largest Czech company by the number of employees.

Its EuroCity trains have dining cars with prepared fresh to order and craft beer.

In 1827–1836, the České Budějovice–Linz railway was built. It was the second horse-drawn railway in continental Europe. The first steam-hauled railway in the area was established in 1839, from Vienna to Břeclav. The first standard gauge electrified railway track in the area was built in 1903.

Mortoza Polash

Mortoza Polash is a popular Bangladeshi singer, actor and entrepreneur. In 2012, he won the Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Male Playback Singer for the movie Khodar Pore Ma.

In the 1990s, Mortoza Polash formed a band called Orbit. His first solo album released was Prem Adree. He has released 38 solo albums. In addition, he also lends his voice to movie songs. He has lent his voice to more than 1500 movie songs.

Polash's album Phol Khey Lovebese was released in 2002. This album had a song titled "Ma Tumi Aamr Age Jeyo Nako More". This song was later used in the movie titled Khodar Pore Ma. He won the National Film Award for Best Male Vocalist in 2012 for this song.

Atif Maqbool (Politician)

Atif Maqbool (born July 16, 1999) is a Kashmiri politician, digital entrepreneur, and human rights activist from Leepa Valley, Pakistan Administered Jammu and Kashmir. He is known for his involvement in various social and political initiatives aimed at promoting digital literacy and raising awareness about modern education in the region.

Maqbool serves as the CEO of the Digital J&K Campaign, which focuses on empowering individuals through technological education and advancement. Additionally, he founded Azadi Times, an English-language newspaper dedicated to providing unbiased news coverage in Pakistani-administered Azad Kashmir.

Princess Nathalie of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg

Princess Nathalie of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (Nathalie Xenia Margrethe Benedikte; born 2 May 1975) is a Danish equestrian, an Olympian, and the daughter of Princess Benedikte of Denmark and Prince Richard of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg. 

She is the niece of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark and King Constantine II of Greece. Her first cousin is King Frederik X of Denmark. 

A member of the Danish dressage team, she won bronze at the 2008 Summer Olympics and also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She has been the coach of the Danish national dressage team since 2017.

Early Life

Princess Nathalie was born on 2 May 1975 in Copenhagen, Denmark, as the youngest of the three children of Princess Benedikte of Denmark and Prince Richard of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg. She grew up at Schloss Berleburg in Bad Berleburg, Germany. 

Nathalie and her sister Alexandra became Danish citizens on 19 May 1998. Neither she nor her siblings are in line of succession to the throne, as that would have required taking up permanent residence in Denmark when reaching the age of mandatory education. 

Equestrian Career 

In 1994, Princess Nathalie began training at the Swedish stud Flyinge with her trainer, Kyra Kyrklund, a former world champion in dressage. After four years, during which she won the bronze medal at the European Championship with the Danish team, she had to change coaches as Kyrklund moved to England. She teamed up with Klaus Balkenhol, the coach of the German dressage team. 

Nathalie gained a place in the 2000 Olympic team as reserve rider, and afterward participated in the European Championship of 2001, winning a bronze medal, and the World Championship 2002 (where she was placed fourth) with the Danish team. She was a member of the Danish dressage team at the 2008 Summer Olympics and was awarded a bronze medal. 

She was part of the Danish equestrian team in the London 2012 Olympics, competing in team and individual dressage events on her horse Digby. She finished 12th in the individual event and helped Denmark to a 4th-place team finish. 

In January 2017, Nathalie was named head coach of the Danish national dressage team. 

She left the position in 2021 but has since continued to coach national team riders Cathrine Laudrup-Dufour and Daniel Bachmann Andersen privately. 

In addition to riding, she also breeds horses like her mother. In autumn 2005, she opened her own stud farm, which is based in Bad Berleburg. 

Marriage and Children 

On 4 January 2010, Princess Nathalie's engagement to German horse breeder Alexander Johannsmann (born 6 December 1977), son of showjumper Heinrich-Wilhelm Johannsmann, was announced. The couple married civilly 27 May 2010 and religiously the following year, on 18 June 2011 at the Protestant Stadtkirche in Berleburg, Germany. 

Princess Nathalie gave birth to a son, Konstantin Gustaf Heinrich Richard, on 24 July 2010. He was named Konstantin for his maternal grandfather, whose middle name is Konstantin, as well as for his maternal grand-uncle, King Constantine II of Greece; Gustav for his maternal uncle and godfather; Heinrich for his paternal grandfather; and Richard for his maternal grandfather. Konstantin's godparents were Queen Mary of Denmark, his aunt Ann-Kathrin Johannsmann, and his uncle Prince Gustaf. On 28 January 2015, she gave birth to her second child, a daughter named Louisa Margareta Benedikte Hanna, in Bad Berleburg, Germany. 

Titles and Styles 

2 May 1975-27 May 2010 Her Highness Princess Nathalie of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg 

27 May 2010-15 August 2022 Her Highness Princess Nathalie of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, Mrs. Johannsmann 

15 August 2022-present Her Highness Princess Nathalie of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg

House: Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg 

Honor

-Sweden: Recipient of the 50th Birthday Badge Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf
Praha hlavní nádraží

Praha hlavní nádraží is the largest railway station in Prague, Czech Republic.

It opened in 1871 as Franz Josef Station, named after Franz Joseph I of Austria. During the First Republic and from 1945 to 1948 the station was called Wilson Station (), after the former President of the United States Woodrow Wilson.

In 2014, the station served 224,505 trains (610 daily) and more than 53,000,000 passengers.

The Art Nouveau station building and station hall were built between 1901 and 1909, designed by Czech architect Josef Fanta. It replaced the earlier Neo-Renaissance station designed by Czech architects Antonín Viktor Barvitius and Vojtěch Ignác Ullmann.

The station was extended by a new terminal building, built between 1972 and 1979, including an underground metro station and a main road on the roof of the terminal.

In 2011 a partial refurbishment of the station was completed by Italian company Grandi Stazioni, which had leased retail space for 30 years from 2002. In 2016 Grandi Stazioni lost the concession after failing to complete the renovation of the historic building by the extended contractual deadline.

In September 2021, a second exit was opened connecting the station to Winston Churchill Square in Žižkov via an underpass.

The station was where the children left who were evacuated to London Liverpool Street station via the Port of Harwich by Nicholas Winton. In 2009 a statue was unveiled on platform 1 commemorating this.

Beer in the Czech Republic

Beer () has a long history in what is now the Czech Republic. Brewing was recorded in Břevnov Monastery in 993. The city of Brno had the right to brew beer from the 12th century. Plzeň and České Budějovice (Pilsen and Budweis in German), had breweries in the 13th century.

The most common Czech beers are pale lagers of the pilsner type, with a characteristic transparent golden colour, high foaminess, and lighter flavour. Czech people drink more beer per person than any other country.

The largest Czech beer breweries are Pilsner Urquell, (Gambrinus, Radegast, Master); Staropramen (Staropramen, Ostravar, Braník, Velvet); and Budweiser Budvar. Other top-selling brands include Krušovice, Starobrno, Březňák, Zlatopramen, Lobkowicz, Bernard, and Svijany.

The strength of beer is measured by degree scale (in Czech: "stupňovitost"). This is the a weight percentage of sucrose. So, 12° beer has 12% sucrose dissolved in water. A 10° beer is about 4% alcohol by volume, a 12° is about 5%, and a 16° is about 6.5%.

According to Czech law, categories of beer, regardless of colour or style, are:

The history of beer in the modern Czech Republic, historically Bohemia, Moravia, and Silesia, goes back even before the Slavic migration in the 6th century. The ingredients used then were not the same as today.

Hops have been grown, used in beer making, and exported since the twelfth century. Most towns had at least one brewery. The most famous brewing cities in Bohemia were České Budějovice, Plzeň, and Prague. Other towns with breweries include Rakovník, Žatec, and Třeboň.

Brix

Degrees Brix (symbol °Bx) is a measure of the dissolved solids in a liquid. It is used to measure how much dissolved sugar there is in an aqueous solution. One degree Brix is 1 gram of sucrose in 100 grams of solution and represents the strength of the solution as percentage by mass. If the solution contains dissolved solids other than pure sucrose, then the °Bx only approximately measures the dissolved solid content. For example, when one adds equal amounts of salt and sugar to equal amounts of water, the degrees of refraction (BRIX) of the salt solution rises faster than the sugar solution. The °Bx is traditionally used in the wine, sugar, carbonated beverage, fruit juice, fresh produce, maple syrup and honey industries. The °Bx is also used for measuring the concentration of a cutting fluid mixed in water for metalworking processes.

Other scales for indicating sucrose content are: the Plato scale (°P), which is widely used by the brewing industry; the Oechsle scale used in German and Swiss wine making industries, amongst others; and the Balling scale, which is the oldest of the three systems and therefore mostly found in older textbooks, but is still in use in some parts of the world.

Börek

Börek or burek is a kind of pastries or pies found in the Balkans, Middle East and Central Asia. The pastry is made of a thin flaky dough such as filo with a variety of fillings, such as meat, cheese, spinach, or potatoes. Boreks are mainly associated with the Middle East, Caucasus, and also with the former Ottoman Empire, including the Balkans and the South Caucasus, Eastern European and Central European countries, Northern Africa and Central Asia. A borek may be prepared in a large pan and cut into portions after baking, or as individual pastries. They are usually baked but some are fried. Borek is sometimes sprinkled with sesame or nigella seeds. It can be served hot or cold.

It is a custom of Sephardic Jews to have "bourekas" for their Shabbat breakfast meal on Saturday mornings.

It is commonly served with ayran in Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and North Macedonia.

Robbie Williams discography

This is the discography of the English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams.



List of songs recorded by Robbie Williams

This is a list of Robbie Williams' studio song during his time as a solo artist. Songs in blue have only appeared on other artists' albums; instead of Williams' albums. For songs sung by Williams as a member of Take That, see List of Take That songs.

Although Williams has led an extremely public solo career, certain recordings remain scarce, mainly due to their unavailability as a digital download, or international unavailability.

Many tracks recorded by Williams have never been commercially released. Some of these unreleased songs that have leaked as demos are listed here:

Chechil

Chechil or chechili is an Armenian brined string cheese, popular in Armenia and Georgia. It has a consistency like mozzarella or sulguni. It is made rolled up in a figure eight like thick braid-shaped ropes. Chechil is a smoked, braided, salty, string-cheese beer snack that is enjoyed by beer drinkers and enthusiasts. Chechil is made from pasteurized cow milk and is low in fat. Its taste is salty, very chewy, and with a smoky flavor to it. Its consistency is firm and smooth.

Chechil is one of the cheeses produced in the Armenian Highlands and is also called "husats" or "tel". It is a kneaded or pulled cheese, and the art of the cheese-maker is in stretching it thin so that it yields a "chicken-breast texture". The cheese is often sold braided in thick ropes. Curd is given a hot whey bath. Then it is kneaded and stretched to the desirable, pliable consistency. In the Western world, "chechil panir" is often called Armenian string cheese. Armenian refugees who settled in Syria after the Armenian genocide of 1915 introduced it in the country. In Turkey, chechil is called çeçil or tel peyniri. It is widely popular there. It is produced in Erzurum and in Ardahan. In Russia, it is very popular with beer in bars. Chechil is also produced in the USA. In the UK, Meskhuri Chechili is a "protected geographical indication" by agreement between the UK and Georgian governments.

Chechil is matured in brine and often smoked. It is sometimes mixed with other hard cheeses, and is stored in jars or wine skins.

Nutrient content:

Because of its low fat content, chechil is often used as diet food.

John Virgo

John Virgo (born 4 March 1946) is a former English professional snooker player. Since he retired, he has done commentary. He is known for doing impressions of other players. He was the co-host of Big Break.

At the 1979 UK Championship he beat Terry Griffiths in the final. Virgo was 11-7 ahead before the last session. He arrived late and was given a two-frame penalty. He was then losing 13-12. Virgo won the last two frames to win the event. It was the only event he won as a snooker player. Due to a strike, it was not televised.

The same year, Virgo also reached the semi-finals of the World Snooker Championship. He lost 19-12 to Dennis Taylor.

Aleksandar Saša Trajkovski

Aleksandar Saša Trajkovski was born on March 28, 1985, in Bitola, North Macedonia is a Macedonian physician, poet, translator and interpreter.

Trajkovski attended and later studied at in Bucharest, Romania.

Trajkovski has worked as a physician at Dr. Trifun Panovski Hospital in Bitola since 2016, specializing in oncology and radiology. Alongside his medical career, he is also a poet, translator, and interpreter. His poetry has been published in books and translated into English. He works as a freelance interpreter and translator, focusing on literary translations. Trajkovski is active in literary circles and has participated in poetry readings across Macedonia and Europe.




Cabbage roll

A cabbage roll is a dish made of cooked cabbage leaves wrapped around some sort of stuffing. It is eaten in Central, Northern, Eastern and Southeastern Europe and much of Western Asia, Northern China, as well as parts of North Africa. Meat fillings are traditional in Europe. That may be beef, lamb, or pork seasoned with garlic, onion, and spices. Grains such as rice and barley, mushrooms, and vegetables are often included as well. Fermented cabbage leaves may be used for wrapping, particularly in southeastern Europe. In Asia, seafoods, tofu, and shiitake mushrooms or Vegeta may also be used. Chinese cabbage is often used as a wrapping.

Cabbage leaves stuffed with the filling are then baked, simmered, or steamed in a covered pot. They are generally eaten warm with a sauce. Many different sauces are used.. In Sweden and Finland, stuffed cabbage is served with lingonberry jam, which is both sweet and tart. In Central and Eastern Europe, tomato-based sauces and sour cream are typical. In Lebanon, the cabbage is stuffed with rice and minced meat and only rolled to the size of a cigar. It is usually served with a side dish of yogurt and a type of lemon and olive oil vinaigrette seasoned with garlic and dried mint.

Cabbage roll is eaten a lot in Romania. The recipe and sizing depends on the region. It often takes up to 6 hours to cook. Traditionally it is made with pork, beef, bacon, rice, spices and aromatics, in tomato sauce and served with polenta, sour cream and spicy pickled peppers.

Cooking textbook author Nancy Krcek stated that the origins are unclear. It is possible multiple groups of people invented it at the same time. Another cooking book author Malgorzata Caprari stated it is believed that credit is owed to the poorer inhabitants of Central and Eastern European countries. Due to the widespread cultivation of cabbage in these regions, it is likely that the cultures who inhabited them were the original inventors of this dish. 

Cabbage rolls have found their way into popular culture, becoming one of the most recognizable dishes in Central and Eastern European cuisine. They often appear in literature and films as a symbol of homey comfort and tradition.

A version called holishkes is traditionally eaten by Jews on Simchat Torah. Recipes vary. northern Poles prefer a savory sauce. In Galicia, Hungary and Ukraine people like sweet-and-sour.

Nikolaos Koklonis (entrepreneur)

Nikolaos koklonis (born August 4, 1983) is a Greek entrepreneur, producer and TV presenter. 

Nikos Koklonis studied business administration at the Athens University of Economics and Business and got a master’s degree in marketing at the Cornell University in New York.

In 2012, he founded "Air Fast Tickets". 

In 2015, Koklonis appeared on Fortune 's list of the 40 most successful entrepreneurs under 40.

He was a representative of the electronic platform Dealber , which was based and housed on Syngrou Avenue. The company cooperated with the TV station SKAI, giving prizes to the winners of the game show Kane Pazari.

Kokloni's television career began in 2016 with the travel show Celebrity Travel, which was initially broadcast on the SKAI television network.

He is the founder of the television production company Barking Well Media and the publisher of the magazine OK! as well as the websites Znews"" and "OK mag."During the 2020–2021 season Barking Well also produced the Mega Channel 's Roomies and Celebrity Game Night.

In 2020, Koklonis acquired the rights of the OK! brand for Greece. In 2021 he launched the OK! website in Greece for the first time at okmag.gr."".

During the 2021-2022 season, Barking Well expanded its partnership with Mega, assuming production responsibilities for the live entertainment shows Hamogela Xana (which still airs on Mega Tv every weekend) and Ti Les Tora.

In 2023, Barking Well Media assumed the production of the “IQ 160” TV series for Star Channel. In September of the same year Barking Well Media produced for Star Channel the Greek version of “Star Academy” talent show, that was launched under the name “Fame Story”.

Kurixalus idiootocus

The Mientien small tree frog, Mientien tree frog, or temple tree frog ("Kurixalus idiootocus") is a frog. It lives in Taiwan. People have seen it between 50 and 2000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in grasslands, places with small woody plants, and pady fields. This frog lays eggs in the dirt between the dead leaves on the ground. After the eggs hatch, the rain pushes the tadpoles into shallow water that does not move. The tadpoles can float on top of the water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living in places that human beings have changed. However, human beings built roads and buildings in the places where the frog would live. Some of the places the frog lives are protected parks.

France 24

France 24 is a French state-owned international news television network. It was launched on December 6, 2006. It broadcasts in French, English, Arabic and Spanish languages.

The channel was born from the wish of the President of the French Republic, Jacques Chirac in 2002 who wanted to give France a voice outside the country, against American (CNN), British (BBC World News) and Qatari (Al Jazeera) competitors. When it was launched in 2006, it was originally available only in French and English language. In 2010, it launched its Arabic channel and in 2017, it launched it's new channel in Spanish language.

France 24 is available by satellite in most of Europe, Africa, and the Middle East, as well as by cable and antenna in the US cities of Albany, Atlanta, Macon, and San Francisco. The Government of Niger suspended France 24 following the 2023 Nigerien coup d'état.

It has an official App for Android users. An official App for the iPhone has also been released. On 3 October 2014, France 24 began live streaming the channel on YouTube.

Chorba

Chorba or shorba is a kind stews or rich soups found in national cuisines across the Middle East, Maghreb, Iran, Turkey, Southeast Europe, Central Asia, East Africa and South Asia. It is often prepared with added ingredients but served alone as a broth or with bread.

Life thru a Lens

Life thru a Lens is the first studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was Williams' first solo album following his departure from Take That. It was released on 29 September 1997.

Notes

Prince Félix of Luxembourg

Prince Felix of Luxembourg, Prince of Bourbon-Parma and Prince of Nassau (Felix Leopold Marie Guillaume; born 3 June 1984) is the second son of Henri, Grand Duke of Luxembourg, and Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg. He is currently fourth in the line of succession to the throne of Luxembourg.

Biography 

Prince Felix was born on 3 June 1984 in the Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

He is the second of the five children of Grand Duke Henri and Grand Duchess Maria Teresa, the others being: Hereditary Grand Duke Guillaume, Prince Louis, Princess Alexandra and Prince Sebastien. His godparents are Prince Jean and Catalina Mestre. 

He was named after his great-grandfather, Prince Felix of Bourbon-Parma.

Prince Felix attended primary school at Lorentzweiler before attending a private school for his secondary educated called Notre Dame Sainte-Sophie of Luxembourg then at the American School of Luxembourg. In 1998, he went to the Swiss boarding school College Alpin International Beau Soleil in Villars-sur Ollon. 

During his time at the boarding school, he would encounter his future spouse. In 2003, he graduated from secondary school with honors and joined the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in the United Kingdom. However before graduating, he had to quit because of health reasons surrounding a knee injury. 

Between 2003 and 2004, Prince Felix took interest in different fields of study such as political science, psychology and communication, leading him to attend schools in England and Belgium. He has also completed courses at various companies in order to obtain additional professional experience. 

In 2005, Prince Felix jointed the Marketing and Public Relations department of Grand Chelem Management SA, a Swiss company specializing in the organization of sporting and cultural events. He continues to work as an independent consultant for the company. The prince takes a particular interest in ethics in biotechnology. In June 2009, the Grand Ducal Court announced later that October, Prince Felix would begin a bachelor's degree in bioethics at the Pontifical Athenaeum Regina Apostolorum in Rome, Italy completing it in 2013. 

In 2013, the Prince married Claire Lademacher and together they have been managing Chateau Les Crostes- a wine estate in Lorgues in France- since October of 2013. In 2016, he became the president of Lorgues Terre de Vins association, who have the goal of promoting the town as a tourist and wine destination. Also in 2016 Felix, Claire and some friends created the Young Empire company which is a clothing, furniture and homeware brand for children. 

In addition to Luxembourgish, French, German, he is fluent in English and Italian. He has basic understanding in Spanish. 

Personal Interest 

In 2003, he accepted the patronage of the sports association paratrooper "Cercle Para Luxembourg" (FAL). A fan of basketball, he a was appointed honorary of the "Federation Luxembourg Basketball" in 2005. 

Since 2016, Prince Felix chairs the Lorgues Terre de vins association, whose goal is to make their community an unmissable destination in Provence. 

Marriage and Children 

On 13 December 2012, the Grand Ducal household confirmed Prince Felix engagement to Claire Lademacher. The civil wedding took place on 17 September 2013 in Konigstein in Taunus, followed by a religious ceremony on 21 September 2013 in the Basilica of Sainte Marie-Madeleine in Saint-Maximin-la-Sainte-Baume, France. Since the wedding, the couple have been living in the south of France at the Chateau Les Crostes, a winery in Lorgues that has been owned by the Lademacher family for many years. 

Prince Felix and Princess Claire's daughter, Princess Amalia Gabriela Maria Theresa, was born on 15 June 2014 at the Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital in Luxembourg. A son, Prince Liam Henri Hartmut, was born at Beaulieu General Clinic in Geneva on 28 November 2016. Claire gave birth to their second son, Prince Balthasar Felix Karl of Nassau, on 7 January 2024 at the Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital in Luxembourg. 

National Honors 

-Knight of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau 

-Knight Grand Cross of Order of Adolphe of Nassau 

House: Luxembourg-Nassau (official) Bourbon-Parma (agnatic)

Religion: Roman Catholic
I've Been Expecting You

I've Been Expecting You is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 26 October 1998.



Notes

Sing When You're Winning

Sing When You're Winning is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 28 August 2000.


Adapted from the album's liner notes.




Islamic State – Khorasan Province

ISIS-K is a branch of the Islamic State militant group active in Asia, mostly in Afghanistan. ISIS-K's goal is to overthrow governments in the Khorasan province and form a Islamic state under Islamic law. The group formed from a merger of 137 militant groups who then went to join the Al-Nusra Front and later returned back to the Khorasan area to spread Islam and do jihad in the area.

Glutinous rice

Glutinous rice ("Oryza sativa var. glutinosa"; also called sticky rice, sweet rice or waxy rice) is a type of rice grown mainly in Southeast and East Asia, and the northeastern regions of South Asia. It has opaque grains, very low amylose content. It is especially sticky when cooked. It is widely eaten in Asia.

It is called glutinous () in the sense of being glue-like or sticky. It does not contain gluten. While often called "sticky rice", it differs from non-glutinous strains of japonica rice, which also become sticky to some degree when cooked. There are numerous cultivars of glutinous rice, which include "japonica", "indica" and "tropical japonica" strains.

Glutinous rice is grown in Laos, Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia, Myanmar, Nepal, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Northeast India, China, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, and the Philippines. About 85% of Lao rice production is of this type.

As of 2013, approximately 6,530 glutinous rice varieties were collected from five continents (Asia, South America, North America, Europe, and Africa) where glutinous rice is grown for preservation at the International Rice Genebank. The International Rice Research Institute (IRRI) has described Laos as a "collector's paradise". Laos has the largest biodiversity of sticky rice in the world. IRRI-trained collectors gathered more than 13,500 samples and 3,200 varieties from Laos.

COSAFA Cup

= COSAFA (Council of Southern Africa Football Associations) =

ZAMBIA - 2023

ZAMBIA - 2022

ETC...
Tajine

A tajine or tagine is a North African dish, named after the earthenware pot in which it is cooked. It is also called or .

The traditional tajine pottery, sometimes painted or glazed, is in two parts. There is a circular base unit that is flat with low sides and a large cone- or dome-shaped cover that sits on the base during cooking. The cover is designed to return all condensation to the bottom. That process can be improved by adding cold water into the specially designed well at the top of the lid.

Tajine is traditionally cooked over hot charcoal leaving an adequate space between the coals and the tajine pot to avoid having the temperature rise too quickly. Large bricks of charcoal are used, because they stay hot for hours. It can be cooked in a slow oven or on a gas or electric stove top, on the lowest heat necessary to keep the stew simmering gently. A diffuser, a circular utensil is placed between the tajine and the flame. That distributes the stove's heat evenly. European manufacturers have created tajines with heavy cast-iron bottoms. They can be heated on a cooking stove to a high temperature for browning the meat and vegetables before cooking.

Tajine cooking may be done using a slow cooker. Many ceramic tajines are decorative items as well as functional cooking vessels. Some tajines, however, are intended only to be used as decorative serving dishes.

Jamiyah

Jamiyah means gathering in the Arabic language. It is also used to refer to the book Al-Jami'a or used to refer to a masjid. It is also used to refer to the western style university while madrasa is used to refer to a Islamic style university.

Monogram

A Monogram is a style of design created by combining and overlapping two or more letters to form one single symbol.
Eternal Sunshine

Eternal Sunshine is the seventh studio album by American singer-actress Ariana Grande. It was released March 8, 2024, through Republic Records. Grande, a big fan of Canadian actor Jim Carrey, referenced his film "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" (2004) with the album's title.

On March 17, 2024, "Billboard" announced that "Eternal Sunshine" debuted atop the" Billboard "200 with 227,000 units streamed/sold, the highest first-week sales of 2024 so far. It became Grande's sixth US number-one album.

The lead single, "Yes, And?", was released January 12, 2024. It entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number one, becoming Grande's eighth US number-one hit. It is a house and dance-pop song, and the video references Paula Abdul's music video for "Cold Hearted" (1989).

The second single, "We Can't Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)" was released with the album on March 8, 2024. It is a synth-pop and electropop song, and the video references "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind". Like "Yes, And?", "We Can't Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)" also entered at the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100 and became Grande's ninth US number-one song. It also marks a chart double, with Grande having the number-one album and song in the same week, her first since "Thank U, Next" and "7 Rings" in 2019.

Méchoui

Méchoui or Meshwi is a whole sheep or lamb spit-roasted on a barbecue in Maghrebi cooking. The word comes from the Arabic word "šawā" (, "grilling, roasting"). This dish is very popular in North Africa.

In Algeria and Morocco, the term "méchoui" "refers to the method of cooking a lamb or a sheep cooked whole on the spit".

In Tunisia, however, it means any piece of meat or fish grilled over a fire.

All the internal organs of the lamb are removed from the body apart from the kidneys. The body is stitched up after being sprinkled with spices, particularly ras el hanout. The lamb is skewered on a tree branch and cooked next to a wood fire. It is rotated slowly and evenly so as to ensure evenly distributed cooking.

The prepared lamb is not placed directly above the fire. Melting fat could catch fire. The cooking is started gently, so that the interior cooks almost at the same time as the outside. During cooking, the meat is brushed with melted butter or oil, to make it crispy. Gradually, the lamb is brought close to the hot fire, so that the flesh takes on an amber color. The cooking time varies according to the weight of the animal, typically about a quarter of an hour per kilogram.

Méchoui is a dish served at the beginning of the meal, as part of a feast or "diffa". With the fingers of the right hand, the host takes pieces of grilled meat and offers them to guests. Traditionally, no cutlery is used to serve a mechoui, because, due to the slow cooking, the meat should be able to detach without any effort.

The nomadic populations, in addition to their main herd often composed of several thousand sheep, raise a small number of male lambs specifically for mechoui, feeding them with "cheih", a species of wild mugwort which gives the lamb a distinctive character.

Dew Drop Diaries

Dew Drop Diaries is an animated preschool television series originally produced as a pilot episode in April 2014, and was released as an television series in December 2015. It is produced by The K Entertainment Company for DreamWorks Animation Television, produced in collaboration with TeamTO.
Prince Louis of Luxembourg

Prince Louis of Luxembourg, Prince of Bourbon-Parma and Prince of Nassau (Louis Xavier Marie Guillaume; born 3 August 1986) is the third son of Henri, Grand Duke of Luxembourg and Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg.

Louis has two elder siblings, Guillaume and Felix; and two younger siblings Alexandra and Sebastien. He was married to Tessy Antony, a former NCO in the Luxembourg Arm, whom he divorced in 2019. 

Early Life and Education 

After spending two years in the United States, where Louis underwent training in "Aeronautics and Aeronautical Management" and gained his <nowiki>"</nowiki> Private pilot certificate," the princely family moved to the United Kingdom. There, he and Princess Tessy attended university. In May 2014, he graduated from Richmond, The American International University in London with a BA degree in Art in Communications. He wrote his undergraduate dissertation on humanitarian advertisement. He then continued his study at Birkbeck College in London and obtained an MA degree in Psychosocial Studies in 2017.

At the International Forum on Learning Disabilities, held on 30 January 2016 in Luxembourg, Louis spoke for the first time in public about his struggle with dyslexia. He was diagnosed at the age of 10. He said of his learning difficulty, "I did not understand what was happening. I was constantly forced to try to achieve the same levels as others. That takes a lot of time and leaves you frustrated because you can't do it." He also said that he used sports, especially rugby, as an outlet for his frustration. Prince Louis lives in Paris and works as a consultant for Laurent Meeschaert Conseil. 

Marriage and Family 

On 12 March 2006, Tessy Antony gave birth to a boy, named Gabriel Michael Ronny de Nassa, who was born at a private Swiss hospital, Clinic des Grangettes, in Geneva. Their son was the first grandchild of Grand Duke Henri and Grand Duchess Maria Teresa. 

Louis married Antony on 29 September 2006 in Gilsdorf's Roman Catholic parish church. Upon his initially morganatic marriage, he gave up his succession rights and those of all the couple's children. Although he retained his title of "Prince of Luxembourg" and the style of "Royal Highness," his wife and son were originally only given the surname de Nassau with no titles. 

The couple's second son, Noah Etienne Guillaume Gabriel Matthias Xavier de Nassau, was born on 21 September 2007 at the Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital. The baby was baptized at the same church in Gilsdorf where his parents married and his elder brother was baptized. 

On Luxembourg's National Day on 23 June 2009, Tessy was given the title of "Princess of Luxembourg" and the style "Royal Highness." Their sons and future children were also given the title "Prince of Nassau" with the style "Royal Highness." The family lived in London. 

The Grand Ducal Court announced the separation of Louis and Tessy on 18 January 2017. Divorce proceedings began in the United Kingdom, where the couple lived. The divorce was finalized on 4 April 2019. 

On 6 April 2021, the Grand Ducal Court announced the engagement of Prince Louis to Scarlett-Lauren Sirgue (born on 8 August 1991 in Bordeaux). She is the daughter of Pierre Sirgue, a lawyer and former member of the French National Assembly for National Front ( a far-right political party), and Scarlett Berrebi, a lawyer. On 22 February 2022, it was announced that Prince Louis and Scarlett-Lauren had called off the engagement. 

Patronage 

Louis is a patron of the Luxembourg Federation of Table Tennis (since 2004), the Martial Arts Federation (since 2010), and the Luxembourg Aeronautical Federation (since 2011) 

Title

3 August 1986 His Royal Highness Prince Louis of Luxembourg, Prince Bourbon-Parma and Prince of Nassau 

National Honors 

-Knight of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau 

-Grand Cross of Order Adolphe of Nassau 

House: Luxembourg-Nassau (official) Bourbon-Parma (agnatic)

Religion: Roman Catholic
Think I Need It Too

"Think I Need It Too" is a 2009 song by Echo & the Bunnymen and is the leading single from their 11st studio album "The Fountain". It did not chart at all in the United Kingdom of in Scotland.


Police duty belt

A police duty belt is a belt, typically made of nylon or leather used by police, prison and security officers to carry equipment easily in a series of pouches attached to the belt. The equipment that an officer can carry on his belt varies by country, but generally consists of gun, handcuffs, baton, flashlight, pepper spray, taser, gloves or magazines for the gun.

The first police belts began to be used at the beginning of the 20th century.
Fajr 3

The Fajr 3 is a Iranian missile and it is a modification of the North Korean M 1985. It was created in the 1990s and has been given to Hizbullah and Hamas' military wing, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades.

Mandinka (song)

"Mandinka" is a 1987 song by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor and is the second single from her debut studio album "The Lion and the Cobra". It went to number 17 in the United Kingdom, number 18 in New Zealand, number 6 in Ireland, number 39 in Australia, number 33 in Canada and number 24 in the Netherlands.

12P/Pons-Brooks

12P/Pons-Brooks is a comet.

In [some] languages it is known as a Devil's comet.

Objects in the Rear View Mirror May Appear Closer Than They Are

"Objects in the Rear View Mirror May Appear Closer Than They Are" is a 1994 song by Meat Loaf and is the third single from his sixth studio album "". It went to number 26 in the United Kingdom and Canada, number 69 in Scotland, number 38 in the United States, number 32 in New Zealand, number 20 in Iceland and number 52 in Australia. The music video was directed by Michael Bay. It is the non-bracketed single to have 52 characters in the song title. 

Friends (Elton John song)

"Friends" is a 1971 song by Elton John and is the title track to the 1971 movie "Friends". It was included on the soundtrack album. It went to number 34 in the United States, number 13 in Canada, number 19 in New Zealand, number 96 in Australia, number 12 in France and number 5 in Italy.

National symbols of Zimbabwe

The National symbols of the Republic of Zimbabwe are the symbols that are used to represent the Zimbabwean people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.

Bateleur

The Bateleur ("Terathopius ecaudatus") is a medium-sized eagle in the family Accipitridae. It is often considered a relative of the snake eagles and, like them, it is classified within the subfamily Circaetinae. It is the only member of the genus "Terathopius" and may be the origin of the "Zimbabwe Bird", the national emblem of Zimbabwe.

Katherine Oppenheimer

Katherine Vissering "Kitty" Oppenheimer ( Puening; August 8, 1910 – October 27, 1972) was a German American biologist and botanist. She was a member of the Communist Party of America until leaving in the 1930s. She was known for being married to J. Robert Oppenheimer, the director of the Manhattan Project's Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II.

Oppenheimer died on October 27, 1972 while traveling in Panama City, Panama from a pulmonary embolism, aged 62.

She was played by Emily Blunt in Christopher Nolan's 2023 movie "Oppenheimer".

Inah Canabarro Lucas

Inah Canabarro Lucas (also known as Sister Inah; born 8 June 1908) is a Brazilian nun and supercentenarian. She has been the world's oldest living nun since the death of Lucile Randon on 17 January 2023.

Fluorescein

Fluorescein is an organic compound and dye. It is based on xanthene and belongs to triarylmethine dye family. 

It is available as a dark orange/red powder and used in water and alcohol. It is widely used as a fluorescent tracer. The color of its solutions is green by reflection and orange by transmission. 

Birotron

The Birotron is a musical instrument, which was invented, developed, and manufactured in the 1970s, but never entered commercial production or release for sale. It's related to the Mellotron and Chamberlin tape replay keyboards except that it uses endless tape loops in an 8 track tape format, unlike the pulley tape strips in a Mellotron or Chamberlin. It was invented by Dave Biro and financed by Rick Wakeman (of the band Yes) and Rudkin -Wiley Corp (under Pepperidge Farm Foods / Campbell Soup and Air Shield Ltd). 

The Birotron was advertised in trade magazines and discussed in newspaper articles and over 1000 pre-orders (totalling over a million dollars in sales) flooded in from most of the popular bands and charting musicians of that time. John Lennon, Paul McCartney, Elton John, Vangelis, The Beach Boys, Led Zeppelin, Tangerine Dream, Klaus Schulze, Chicago, Uriah Heep, Roger Whittaker, The Faces, Yes, Larry Fast (Synergy), Rod Stewart, Emerson Lake and Palmer, Gary Wright, Captain and Tennille, Dudley Moore, and Patrick Moraz were some of the musicians who placed orders, but only 3 bands ever received a Birotron through an in-person visit to Peter Robinson, the owner and CEO of the manufacturing company 'Birotronics Ltd'. These were Yes (with Rick Wakeman), Tangerine Dream, and Klaus Schulze (with Earthstar).

Manufacturing difficulties arose during the pre-production phase which became time consuming and expensive to solve properly. As a result, the Birotron was held back and delayed until all the problems were solved. The drawback from this delay was that Birotronics' proposed release of the Birotron in the late 1970's would coincide with the release of newer digital keyboards like the Fairlight CMI system. It was thought that digital keyboard technology would render the Birotron and its dependence on 8 track tape technology immediately obsolete. Manufacturing expenses and competition from string synthesizers would also result in a low profit margin. Consequently, funding and manufacture ceased with Birotronics disposing of all of the Birotron B-90 prototype instruments and the parts to make them. The parts were produced by companies which were the only companies in the world able to make such specific customized parts. 
The copies sold to Rick Wakeman, Tangerine Dream, and Klaus Schulze became the only proof the instrument was ever actually manufactured. Rudkin-Wiley Corporation attempted to manufacture a 1980's version of the Birotron called the Birotron Polyvox that included digital technology and 8 track tape technology but the venture never got passed the design mockup stage.

Today the Birotron is classed by musicologists as the world's rarest manufactured instrument because of its brief appearance on albums, tours, and a hit single, and then its sudden total disappearance from the music industry. Both Rick Wakeman and the Times of London reported a Birotron being privately sold for somewhere between 35,000 and 45,000 pounds in the 1990's at a time when related keyboards like it sold for mere hundreds of dollars. 

Because the bands that used the Birotron recorded it into soundscapes, it is not known for certain what its actual isolated sound, sounds like. No representative Birotron sounds have ever existed in sample software because replacement 8 track tapes for the instrument were never issued to the few bands that used one. 

Today only two working Birotrons (with non-playable, incomplete tape sets) have been proven to exist.

Mario Prada

Mario Prada was born in the Kingdom of Italy in Milan and later passed away in 1958 in Italy. He was renowned as the founder and original designer of the iconic fashion label Prada. Established in 1913, Prada became synonymous with high fashion, offering a range of luxury goods for both men and women, such as shoes, handbags, luggage, and leather items. Notably, Mario Prada is also the grandfather of Miuccia Prada, who later became a prominent figure in the fashion world herself.
Static web page

A static web page is a type of web page that is pre-made and does not change, unless someone updates the code or content of the page manually. This means that when you visit a static web page, you will always see the same thing, assuming nothing has been changed on the server where the page is hosted.

Static web pages are made up of fixed content that is written in basic computer languages such as HTML (HyperText Markup Language) and CSS (Cascading Style Sheets). These languages allow designers to create the layout, structure, and appearance of the page. JavaScript can also be used to add interactive features, but overall, static web pages have limited functionality compared to dynamic web pages.



In summary, while static web pages offer some benefits, particularly around speed, simplicity, and security, they lack the flexibility and advanced capabilities found in modern dynamic websites. However, they remain an appropriate choice for simple sites with minimal needs.
Kannadigas

Kannadigas are ethinic group speaking Kannada language native to the Indian state of Karnataka.

Thieboudienne

Tiep or thieb is a traditional dish from Senegambia. It is also eaten in Guinea Bissau, Guinea, Mali and Mauritania. It is the national dish in Senegal. The version of tiep called thieboudienne or chebu jen is prepared with fish, broken rice and tomato sauce cooked in one pot. There are also tiep yappa (with meat) and tiep ganaar (with chicken). Other ingredients often include onions, carrots, cabbage, cassava, hot pepper, lime and peanut oil, and stock cubes.

Tiep is thought to have come from Saint-Louis, in the nineteenth century. The name of the dish comes from Wolof words meaning 'rice' () and 'fish' (). In Pulaar it is known as ('rice and fish'). It is served on large trays with the rice on the bottom and the fish, usually white grouper ("Epinephelus aeneus"), and the vegetables, many of them whole, in the center. 

Traditionally it is eaten in a large shared dish with the hand. It is also the symbol of Senegalese "terranga" (hospitality). Family, visiting friends and guests gather around a single dish (called a "bolus") from which everyone eats using a spoon ("couddou Pulaar") or a piece of bread.


Smrithir Dhrubatara

Smrithir Dhrubatara (in Bengali: স্মৃতির ধ্রুবতারা) is a Bengali poem about Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. This poem is a celebrated poem in Bangladesh, which became popular after published in Prothom Alo in 2022. 

Journal of Political Ideologies

The Journal of Political Ideologies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering political ideologies. It publishes three times a year. It was established by Michael Freeden and first published in 1996. The journal is included in .

Escapology (album)

Escapology is the fifth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 18 November 2002.


National symbols of Uruguay

The State symbols of the Eastern Republic of Uruguay are the symbols that are used to represent the Uruguayan people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.


Intensive Care (album)

Intensive Care is the sixth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 24 October 2005.



Rudebox

Rudebox is the seventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 23 October 2006.

Notes


National symbols of Yemen

The National symbols of the Muslim-Majority Republic of Yemen are the symbols that are used to represent the Yemeni peoples proper and abroad to represent the country and its people's.


Reality Killed the Video Star

Reality Killed the Video Star is the eighth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 9 November 2009.
All tracks produced by Trevor Horn. Additional production on "Do You Mind" by Stephen Hague.

Notes

Performers on the album include:



Take the Crown

Take the Crown is the ninth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 5 November 2012.

All production done by Jacknife Lee.

National symbols of Turkmenistan

The National symbols of the Muslim-Majority of Turkmenistan are the symbols that are used to represent the Turkmen people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.


Kurixalus chaseni

The frilled tree frog or Malay frilled tree frog ("Kurixalus chaseni") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia, Indonesia, and Thailand. People have seen it between 0 and 500 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests that have never been cut down and forests that have been cut down and have had a long time to grow back. This frog lives in swamps with water that does not move. Scientists think that this frog can live in places that have been changed. People have seen this frog next to roads.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. However, human beings cut down the forests where it lives to build farms for palm oil. Some of the places this frog lives are protected parks.

Swings Both Ways

Swings Both Ways is the tenth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 18 November 2013.

All tracks produced by Guy Chambers, with the exception of "Wedding Bells" which was produced by Steve Power.

The Heavy Entertainment Show

The Heavy Entertainment Show is the eleventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 4 November 2016.

Notes

!scope="row"|Worldwide (IFPI)

The Christmas Present

The Christmas Present is the twelfth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on 22 November 2019.

Paratha

Paratha (, also parantha) is a flatbread from the Indian subcontinent. It was mentioned in early medieval Sanskrit, India. It is common in India, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh, Maldives, Afghanistan, Myanmar, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Mauritius, Fiji, Guyana, Suriname, and Trinidad and Tobago where wheat is the traditional staple. It is one of the most popular flatbreads in the Indian subcontinent and the Middle East. 

"Paratha" is an amalgamation of the words "parat" and "atta", which literally means layers of cooked dough. Alternative spellings and names include "parantha", "parauntha", "prontha", "parontay", "paronthi" (Punjabi), "porota" (in Bengali), "paratha" (in Odia,Urdu, Hindi), "palata" (; in Myanmar), "porotha" (in Assamese), "forota" (in Sylheti), "farata" (in Mauritius and the Maldives), "prata" (in Southeast Asia), "paratha", "buss-up shut", "oil roti" (in the Anglophone Caribbean) and "roti canai" in Malaysia and Indonesia.

DAU’IA

DAU'IA is the association dedicated to artificial intelligence at the University of Paris Dauphine-PSL .

The association was founded in September 2023 , after the emergence of Dauphine Numérique's Ex Machina podcast in 2021 and Dauphine Digital Days.

In 2024, the association organized with the AI start-up InstaDeep, a meeting with students from Paris Dauphine-PSL University.

Momo (food)

Momos are a type of steamed filled dumpling in Tibet, Nepal, Bhutan and India. Momos are usually served with a sauce known as achar with spices and herbs. It can also be cooked as soup versions known as jhol momo where the broth is made from achar using a mixture of tomatoes, sesame seeds, chillies, cumin and coriander or mokthuk from boiling pork or buffalo bones mixed with various herbs and vegetables.

A simple white-flour-and-water dough is used to make the outer covering of momos. Sometimes, a little yeast or baking soda is added to give a more doughy texture to the finished product.

Traditionally, momos were made with ground/minced meat, potatoes, and leek filling. Momos are now made with virtually any combination of ground meat, vegetables, tofu, mushrooms, paneer, soft chhurpi (local hard cheese) and vegetable and meat combinations.


The dough is rolled into small circular flat pieces. The filling is enclosed in the circular dough cover either in a round pocket or a half-moon or crescent shape. People prefer meat with a lot of fat because it produces flavourful, juicy momos. A little oil is sometimes added to the lean ground/minced meat to keep the filling moist and juicy. The dumplings are then cooked by steaming over a soup (either a stock based on bones or vegetables) in a momo-making utensil called "mucktoo". Momos may also be pan-fried or deep-fried after being steamed.

National symbols of the Solomon Islands

The National symbols of the Solomon Islands are the symbols that are used to represent both the divided Solomon Islander people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.

Paneer

Paneer (), also known as panir (), is a fresh acid-set cheese common in the Indian subcontinent. It is made from full-fat buffalo milk or cow milk. It is a non-aged, non-melting soft cheese made by curdling milk with a fruit- or vegetable-derived acid, such as lemon juice.
Paneer is prepared by adding food acid, such as lemon juice, vinegar, citric acid or dahi (yogurt), to hot milk to separate the curds from the whey. The curds are drained in muslin or cheesecloth and the excess water is pressed out. The paneer is then dipped in chilled water for 2–3 hours to improve its texture and appearance. What happens next varies.

In North Indian cuisines, the curds are wrapped in cloth, placed under a heavy weight such as a stone slab for two to three hours, and then cut into cubes for use in curries. Pressing for a shorter time (approximately 20 minutes) results in a softer, fluffier cheese.

In Bengali, Odia and other East Indian cuisines, it is beaten or kneaded by hand into a dough-like consistency, heavily salted and hardened to produce paneer (called "ponir"), which is typically eaten in slices at teatime with biscuits or various types of bread, deep-fried in a light batter or used in cooking.

In the area surrounding the city of Surat in Gujarat, "surti paneer" is made by draining the curds and ripening them in whey for 12 to 36 hours.

Paneer is the most common type of cheese used in the Indian subcontinent. It is sometimes wrapped in dough and deep-fried or served with either spinach (palak paneer) or peas (mattar paneer). Paneer dishes can be sweet, like shahi paneer, or spicy/hot, like chilli paneer.

Robbie Williams videography

English singer Robbie Williams has released nine video albums and has been in fifty-six music videos and a few films.



List of awards and nominations received by Robbie Williams

English pop singer Robbie Williams has won several awards throughout his solo career, including:


The Brit Awards are the British Phonographic Industry's annual popular music awards.

Delivered since 1991, the "GAFFA" Awards are a Danish award that rewards popular music by the magazine of the same name. Williams has received one award out of seven nominations.

The "GQ" is an international monthly men's magazine based in New York City and founded in 1931.

The Grammy Award is an award presented by The Recording Academy to recognize achievement in the mainly English-language music industry.

The Italian Music Awards were an accolade established in 2001 by the Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana to recognize the achievements in the Italian music industry both by domestic and international artists.

The Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica was the Latin America version of the MTV Video Music Award.

The Mercury Prize is an annual music prize awarded for the best album from the United Kingdom and Ireland.

The MTV Asia Awards is the Asian equivalent of the MTV Europe Music Award.

The MTV Europe Music Award is an award presented by Viacom International Media Networks Europe to honor artists and music in popular culture.

The MTV Video Music Award is an award presented by the cable channel MTV to honor the best in the music video medium.

The "NME" Awards are annual music awards show founded by the music magazine "NME". 

The "Pollstar" Concert Industry Awards aim to reward the best in the business of shows and concerts. 
The Popjustice £20 Music Prize, also known as the Popjustice Twenty Quid Prize, is an annual prize awarded by music website Popjustice to recognise the best British pop single of the previous year. The prize was conceived by Popjustice founder Peter Robinson in 2003 as a reaction to what he perceived as the pompous and elitist nature of the existing Mercury Prize, which recognises the best album of the previous year, and in particular its exclusion of pop music acts in favour of those from more esoteric genres. The shortlist for the Popjustice prize is announced in September of each year and the winner named the following month, to coincide with the presentation of the Mercury Prize. Popjustice gives a token prize of £20 to the winner of its award, in contrast to the £20,000 given to the winner of the Mercury Prize.
The UK Music Video Awards is an annual award ceremony founded in 2008 to recognise creativity, technical excellence and innovation in music videos and moving images for music. 
 "Zvukovaya Dorozhka" (, "sound track") is Russia's oldest hit parade in field of popular music. Since 2003 it is presented in a ceremony in concert halls. It's considered one of the major Russian music awards.

!Ref.




















The Ego Has Landed

The Ego Has Landed is a compilation album by English singer Robbie Williams. After his success around the world, especially in Europe, The album was released in May 1999 in the United States and Canada, and later released worldwide. All tracks were previously released on Williams' first two albums, "Life thru a Lens" (1997) and "I've Been Expecting You" (1998).

Tracks 1, 5, 7, 9, 10, and 14 are from "Life thru a Lens" (1997).<br> 
Tracks 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 11, 12, and 13 are from "I've Been Expecting You" (1998).

"One of God's Better People" runs 3:36. After 10 minutes of silence, Williams recites a poem called "Hello Sir", addressed to a teacher who berated him for wanting to become a pop singer. This previously appeared as a hidden track on "Life thru a Lens".

Thali

Thali (meaning "plate" or "tray") or Bhojanam (meaning "full meal") is a round platter used to serve food in South Asia, Southeast Asia and the Caribbean. Thali also means an Indian-style meal made up of a selection of various dishes which are served on a platter. 

"Thali" refers to the metal plate that a thali meal may be served on, while "Bhojanam" refers to full meals. Thali is a popular method of serving meals in South Asia. The idea behind a thali is to offer different flavours on one single plate. According to Indian food custom, a proper meal should be a perfect balance of six flavours. Restaurants typically offer a choice of vegetarian or meat-based thalis. Vegetarian bhojanams are very typical and commonplace in Tamil Nadu canteens

Dishes served in a thali vary from region to region in the Indian subcontinent and are usually served in small bowls, called "katori" in India. These katoris are placed along the edge of the round tray, the actual thali. Sometimes a steel tray with multiple compartments is used. Typical dishes include rice, dal, vegetables, roti, papad, yogurt, small amounts of chutney or pickle, and a sweet dish. Rice or roti is the usual main dish that occupies the central portion of the thali. Side dishes like vegetable curries are lined circularly along the round thali. The thali has food from the region. In general, a thali begins with different types of breads such as puris or chapatis (rotis) and different vegetarian specialities (curries). In South India and Southeast Asia, rice is the only staple served with bhojanams. Thalis or Bhojanams are sometimes referred to by the regional characteristic of the dishes they contain. For example, one may encounter Andhra bhojanam, Nepalese thali, Rajasthani thali, Gujarati thali, Maharashtrian thali, Manipuri chakluk, Tamil unavu and Thai unavu. In many parts of South Asia, Southeast Asia and the Caribbean, the bread and the rice portions are not served together in the thali. Typically, the bread is offered first with rice being served afterwards, often in a separate bowl or dish.

Jimmy Two-Shoes

Jimmy Two-Shoes (also known as Jimmy Cool in most parts of Europe) is a Canadian animated children's television series produced by Breakthrough Entertainment, Mercury Filmworks and Elliott Animation that aired on Disney XD in the United States and Teletoon in Canada. The series centers on the exploits of the happy-go-lucky title character, who lives in Miseryville, a miserable town filled with monsters and demon-like creatures. The series was created by Edward Kay and Sean Scott.
Benedikt Kautsky

Benedikt Kautsky, an Austrian Jew and prominent Socialist, spent most of the Third Reich in concentration camps. In his 1946 memoirs, he described the great difficulty of mutual assistance among prisoners.

Everybody who was old, weak, or sick was condemned to death. There was little possibility of helping anyone. If I give something to someone I will be taking it away from somebody else. If I give something to someone who’s weak then I’ll keep him alive for longer, but in the end I won’t be able to save him. At the same time, I will be taking it away from a strong person and in doing so will be weakening him, so that he too will become weak and sick. The upshot is that I shall be harming both of them.

Source: B. Kautsky, Teufel und Verdammte (Zurich, 1946), p. 165

Translation: Lesley Sharpe and Jeremy Noakes
Highways in Colombia

Colombian highways connect most of Colombia except the Amazon part due to geography challenges. The system is made up of the Primary Network, which is under the responsibility of the country, the Secondary Network, under the responsibillity of the departments, and the Teritary Network, under the responsibillity of the municipalities.
Greatest Hits (Robbie Williams album)

Greatest Hits is a hits compilation released by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams on 18 October 2004. The album has two new songs, "Radio" and "Misunderstood", which were both released as singles.

The Best So Far is an updated version of "Greatest Hits", released only in Brazil to celebrate Robbie's "Close Encounters" tour. Even with "Greatest Hits" being released in Brazil, "The Best So Far" updates the track listing, adding "Sin Sin Sin", "Advertising Space" and "Tripping", but removing songs such as "Old Before I Die", "Lazy Days" and "She's the One".


Songbook (Robbie Williams album)

Songbook is a compilation album by English pop singer Robbie Williams. It was given away for free inside the "Mail on Sunday" on 11 October 2009. The one-off, limited-edition album includes some of his biggest songs, rare live performances, and images and video clips from his 2009 album, "Reality Killed the Video Star".


Dal

In Indian cuisine, dal (also spelled daal or dhal in English; pronunciation: , are dried, split lentils, peas, and beans that do not require soaking before cooking. India is the largest producer of them in the world. The term is also used for soups prepared from these pulses. They are among the most important staple foods in South Asian countries

The most common way of preparing dal is in the form of a soup to which onions, tomatoes and various spices may be added. The outer husk may or may not be stripped off. Almost all types of dal come in three forms: (1) unhulled or "sabut" (meaning whole in Hindi), e.g., "sabut urad dal" or "mung sabut"; (2) split with hull left on the split halves is described as "chilka" (which means shell in Hindi), e.g. "chilka urad dal", "mung dal chilka"; (3) split and hulled or "dhuli" (meaning washed), e.g., "urad dhuli" or "mung dhuli" in Hindi.

Dal is frequently eaten with flatbreads such as "rotis" or "chapatis," or with rice. Some types of dal are fried and salted and eaten as a dry snack. Savory snacks are made by frying a paste made from soaked and ground dals in different combinations, to which other ingredients such as spices and nuts (commonly cashews) may be added.



In and Out of Consciousness: Greatest Hits 1990–2010

In and Out of Consciousness: Greatest Hits 1990–2010 is the second greatest hits compilation album by the English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams, after his first greatest hits compilation, "Greatest Hits", which was released in 2004. The album, which features 39 songs, was released in October 2010.

"In and Out of Consciousness: Greatest Hits 1990–2010" is available in several formats: a two CD standard edition, a three CD deluxe edition with rarities and B-sides, a DVD edition which includes the music videos of the standard edition and an "ultimate edition" which includes all three CDs, the two DVDs and a bonus third DVD with a live recording of Williams' concert at the Velodrom, Berlin in 2005.

Credits for "In and Out of Consciousness: Greatest Hits 1990–2010" adapted from Allmusic.

Victoria Williams

Victoria Williams (born 28 March 1968) is a British female barebow archer. She won the bronze medal at the 2014 World Field Archery Championships in the women's team event. She was Barebow 50+ Women champion.

She was a coach for team Great Britain.

Her review appeared in Barebow International.

Princess Alexandra of Luxembourg

Princess Alexandra of Luxembourg (Alexandra Josephine Teresa Charlotte Marie Wilhelmine; born 16 February 1991) is the fourth child and only daughter of Henri, Grand Duke of Luxembourg and Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg. 

Alexandra is also "Princess of Nassau" and Princess of "Bourbon-Parma."

Early Life and Background 

Princess Alexandra was born at the Grand Duchess Charlotte Maternity Hospital in Luxembourg. She was raised in the Luxembourg countryside at Fischbach Castle, and later at Berg Castle, where her family moved upon her father's ascent to the Luxembourg throne.

Through her father, she is directly linked and related to many European royal family, which include; Belgium, The Netherlands, Sweden, Austria, Liechtenstein, Portugal, and Spain. Her paternal great-grandfather was King Leopold III of Belgium, her great-grandmother was Princess Astrid of Sweden and the current King Philippe of Belgium is her second cousin. 

Her paternal aunts are Archduchess Marie Astrid of Austria and Princess Margaretha of Liechtenstein. Her godparents are Archduchess Maria-Anna of Austria and Prince Michel of Ligne.

Her siblings are: Hereditary Grand Duke of Guillaume, Prince Felix, Prince Louis and Prince Sebastien. She is sixth in line of succession to the throne. 

Education and Interests 

She attended private schools in Luxembourg, primary school at the Angelsberg School and her secondary education at the Lycee Vauban. She received her baccalaureate with honors in Literature. 

Alexandra pursued her university studies abroad in the United States at the private Catholic Franciscan University of Steubenville. After studying psychology and social sciences in the United States, she went on to continue her studies in Paris where she received a bachelor's degree in philosophy, with concentrations in ethics and anthropology. As of 2017, she holds a master's degree in inter-religious studies from the Irish School of Ecumenics with a specialization in Conflict Resolution. 

Titles and Styles 

16 February 1991-22 April 2023 Her Royal Highness Princess Alexandra of Luxembourg, Princess of Nassau, Princess of Bourbon-Parma

22 April 2023-present Her Royal Highness Princess Alexandra of Luxembourg, Princess of Nassau, Princess of Bourbon-Parma, Mrs. Bagory

Honors 

National Honors 

-Knight of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau 

-Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Adolphe of Nassau 

Foreign Honors 

-Japan: Member 2nd Class (Peony) of the Order of the Precious Crown 

House: Luxembourg-Nassau (official) Bourbon-Parma (agnatic)

Religion: Roman Catholic
Callaloo

Callaloo (); is a plant used in popular dishes in many Caribbean countries. In some Caribbean countries, a stew made with the plant is called callaloo. In Trinidad and Tobago and Grenada, the dish itself is called callaloo, and uses taro leaves (known by many local names such as 'dasheen bush', 'callaloo bush', or 'bush') or "Xanthosoma" leaves (known by many names, including "cocoyam" and "tannia").

Callaloo in eastern Caribbean countries is generally made with okra and dasheen or water spinach "Ipomoea aquatica". There are many sorts of callaloo which may include coconut milk, crab, conch, Caribbean lobster, meats, pumpkin, chili peppers, and other seasonings such as chopped onions and garlic. The ingredients are added and cooked gently to a somewhat stew-like consistency. When done, callaloo is dark green in colour and is served as a side dish which may be used as a gravy for other food.

In Guyana it is made in various ways without okra.

In Jamaica, callaloo is often combined with saltfish or other meats, and is usually seasoned with garlic, carrots, local powdered seasoning, tomatoes, salt, scotch bonnet peppers, onions, scallions, thyme, sweet pepper and pimento. It is often eaten as a side dish with a full course meal, or as either breakfast or dinner with roasted breadfruit, boiled green bananas and dumplings, or bread. It is even added to Jamaican patties, called vegetable/vegie/vagan patties, seasoned rice, as well as Fritters

In Grenada, callaloo is steamed with garlic, onion and coconut milk and often eaten as a side dish. Grenadians also stir or blend the mixture until it has a smooth consistent texture. Callaloo soup of callaloo, okra (optional), dumplings, ground provision like yam, potato (sweet and "Irish") chicken and beef is traditionally eaten on Saturdays. It is also one of the most important ingredients in oil down, the island's national dish of steamed breadfruit, callaloo, dumplings, ground provision, carrot and several varieties of meat—salt fish, chicken, and pork. All of this is steamed in coconut milk and saffron powder.

In the Virgin Islands, callaloo is served with a dish of fungee on the side.

In Guadeloupe, "calalou au crabe" (crab callaloo) is a traditional Easter dish.

In St. Lucia, crab callaloo is also popular especially as part of the country's Creole day celebrations.

Martinique and Guadeloupe also have a variety served with Creole rice and salt cod salad.

A similar variation is the recipe called "laing" is popular in the Philippines, mainly the Bicol region.

Jerk (cooking)

Jerk is a style of cooking in Jamaica. Meat is rubbed or marinated with a hot spice mixture called Jamaican jerk spice.

This came from the indigenous peoples in Jamaica from the Arawak and Taíno tribes. The descendants of 17th century Jamaican Maroons who intermingled with them carried it on.

The smoky taste of jerked meat is achieved using various cooking methods, including modern wood-burning ovens. The meat is normally chicken or pork. The spicy jerk marinade sauce is made with allspice and Scotch bonnet peppers. Jerk cooking is popular in Caribbean and West Indian diaspora communities throughout North America, Canada and the United Kingdom.

The cooking technique of jerking, as well as the results it produces, has evolved over time from using pit fires to grilling over coals in old oil barrel halves. Around the 1960s, Caribbean entrepreneurs seeking an easier, more portable method of jerking cut oil barrels lengthwise, added holes for ventilation and hinged lids to capture the smoke. These barrels are fired with charcoal; other jerking methods include wood-burning ovens.

Street-side "jerk stands" or "jerk centres" are found in Jamaica and the nearby Cayman Islands, as well as throughout the Caribbean diaspora. Jerked meat can be bought with hard dough bread, deep fried "cassava bammy" (flatbread, usually with fish), Jamaican fried dumplings (known as "Johnnycake" or "journey cakes"), and festival, a variation of sweet flavored fried dumplings made with sugar and served as a side.

Jerk seasoning principally consists of allspice and Scotch bonnet peppers. Other ingredients may include cloves, cinnamon, scallions, nutmeg, thyme, garlic, brown sugar, ginger, soy sauce, vinegar, and salt.

Jerk seasoning was originally used on chicken and pork, but in modern recipes it is used with other ingredients including fish, shrimp, shellfish, beef, sausage, lamb, goat, tofu, and vegetables.

Zohra Drif

Zohra Drif was born in 28 of December 1934, in Tiaret, Algeria. Zohra Drif is considered a national hero for Algeria's liberation. She studied Law at the University of Algiers.

In 1956, she joined the activist network, where she met other female bombers of the network and participated in various attacks. These female urban bombers of the National Liberation Front (FLN) of Algeria are also referred to as Fidaiyat. A big number of the attacks she participated in were great operations that attracted international attention. This was very important for the liberation movement and its development.

She was imprisoned for five years, by the French, for terrorism. But in 1962, with Algeria's independence she was free. Drif was elected to the country's first National Constituent Assembly. She also established an organization to support young orphans. She worked as a criminal lawyer in Algiers. Drif was a senator in Algeria's Council of the Nation from 2001 to 2016, but she also was the senate vice president from 2003 and after.

Under the Radar Volume 1

Under the Radar Volume 1 is a compilation album by English singer Robbie Williams, comprising demos, B-sides and rarities. It was released through Williams' website on 1 December 2014.

On 11 July 2017, Williams announced that the follow-up to the album, "Under the Radar Volume 2", would be released in November 2017 and was available to pre-order from his official website.

Under the Radar Volume 2

Under the Radar Volume 2 is a compilation album by English singer Robbie Williams, The album has demos and B-sides. It was released through Williams' website on 30 November 2017.

On 11 July 2017, Williams had announced that the follow-up to his 2014 album, "Under the Radar Volume 2", would be released in November of that year and was available to pre-order from his official website.

Under the Radar Volume 3

Under the Radar Volume 3 is a compilation album by English singer Robbie Williams, It has demos and B-sides. It was released through Williams' website on 14 February 2019.

On 28 November 2018 Williams had announced that his next album, "Under the Radar Volume 3", would be released in early 2019 and was available to pre-order from his official website.

XXV (Robbie Williams album)

XXV is a compilation album by English singer Robbie Williams, released through Columbia Records on 9 September 2022. The album marks the 25th anniversary of Williams's solo career, and contains re-recorded and orchestrated versions of songs from his career.

The "XXV" version of "Angels" was released as the lead single, followed by the double single "Eternity/The Road to Mandalay" and the new song "Lost" as the third single.

The deluxe edition of the album adds 10 tracks, including four more original songs—"Disco Symphony", "More Than This", "Home Thoughts from Abroad" and "The World and Her Mother".

All tracks are subtitled "XXV".

National symbols of Trinidad and Tobago

The State symbols of the Independent of Republic of Trinidad and Tobago are the symbols that are used to represent both the divided Trinbagonian people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.


Pauline Jannault-Lo

Pauline Jannault-Lo , (born 13 January 1987 Ermont), is a French basketball player playing as an outside hitter.

She competed at the 2010 FIBA Women's World Championship.

She played for Tarbes., Perpignan, Bourges, and Toulouse..

Bélé

A Bélé is a folk dance and music from Dominica, St. Lucia, Martinique, Haiti, Grenada, Guadeloupe, and Trinidad and Tobago. 

Carlos Antonio Carrillo

Carlos Antonio Carrillo (24 December 1783 – 23 February 1852) was a Californio politician, military officer, and ranchero. He served as governor of Mexican Alta California 1837-1838. Carlos died at Santa Bárbara and was buried in the mission cemetery February 26, 1852.
Blue Bird Vision

The Bluebird Vision Propane is a conventional Type C school bus made by the American company Bluebird. The Vision has many flexible fuel and passenger configurations. As of 2024, The vision is available in diesel, gasoline, electric, CNG, and Propane(My favorite). The vision's predecessor was the Chevy/GMC CV200. The vision can also be used as an activity bus.

National symbols of Mexico

The National symbols of the Mesoamerican Federal Republic of Mexico are the symbols that are used to represent the Mexican people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.


List of Liechtenstein general elections

This is a list of Liechtenstein general elections (elections for the members of the Parliament of Liechtenstein and Prime Minister of Liechtenstein) since the first in 1862. There have been 48 general elections held in Liechtenstein up to and including the February 2021 election.

 

Corn-field grasshopper

Sphenarium purpurascens ( and , i.e., corn-field grasshopper), is a grasshopper species in the genus "Sphenarium" found in Mexico and Guatemala.

The harvesting of the grasshoppers in Mexico for human consumption can be a way for managing pest outbreaks. Such strategies allow decreased use of pesticide and create a source of income for farmers.

Midway Atoll National Football Team

Midway Atoll National Football Team is a soccer team that is played in Midway Atoll . It was founded in December 2003 or 2004 . The Federation started in 2003 or 2004 , by a unknown person . Mark Robert started as coach , when he was 23 years old . Ahaz was the assistance coach , and was Mark twin brother . Midway Atoll has no official stadiums . There first match was against Tonga . In September 26 , 2006 . The 5 Top players are : Xenophon Jackson , Michael Smith , Howard Coon , Lucas King and Elijah Jones . There biggest wins was 0–5 against San Marino , and there biggest defeat was 10–0 against New Zealand . In 2020 , Elijah Jones cannot make it , to the game , due to the Covid-19 , Lucas and 5 other players were infected and died . Therefore Midway Atoll will not be able to played with 6 players , It needs 12 main players to start the team . When it have 12 main players , They will began playing in January 2025 . They only played 9 matches. UMI means United Midway Islands and MID means Midway Islands D. 

Scotch bonnet

Scotch bonnet (also known as Bonney peppers, or Caribbean red peppers) is a variety of chili pepper named for its supposed resemblance to a Scottish tam o' shanter bonnet. It is common in West Africa and the Caribbean. 

Like the closely related habanero, Scotch bonnets have a heat rating of 100,000–350,000 Scoville units. For comparison, most jalapeño peppers have a heat rating of 2,500 to 8,000. A completely sweet variety of Scotch bonnet, cachucha, is grown on some Caribbean islands.

Scotch bonnets are used to flavor food worldwide and are often used in hot sauces and condiments. The Scotch bonnet has a sweeter flavor and stouter shape, distinct from its habanero relative with which it is often confused. 

Scotch bonnets are mostly used in West Africa, West Indian, Sri Lankan, and Maldivian cooking and pepper sauces. They often appear in other Caribbean recipes. Scotch bonnets are used in jerk cooking. They are also used in Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Panama for Caribbean-styled recipes such as rice and peas, rondón, "saus", beef patties, and ceviche. 

National symbols of Ukraine

The National symbols of Ukraine are the symbols that are used to represent both the divided Ukrainian people proper and abroad to represent the country and its people.

Francisco Lachowski

Francisco Lachowski (born May 13, 1991) is a Brazilian model widely recognized for his prominent presence in the fashion industry. With his striking features, versatile style, and charismatic demeanor, Lachowski has become a notable figure in the world of modeling, garnering widespread acclaim and a substantial following both on and off the runway.

Early Life and Education: Francisco Lachowski was born in Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil. Raised in a multicultural environment, he possesses a unique blend of Brazilian, German, and Polish heritage. From an early age, Lachowski exhibited an interest in fashion and modeling, which led him to pursue opportunities in the industry.

Career: Lachowski's modeling career took off in 2008 when he won the prestigious Ford Men's Supermodel of the World contest, which propelled him into the spotlight. Following his victory, he signed with Ford Models and embarked on a journey that would establish him as one of the most recognizable faces in fashion.

Lachowski has since graced the covers of numerous high-profile magazines, including Vogue Hommes, GQ, Elle, Vanity Fair, and many others. He has also walked the runway for renowned fashion houses such as Dolce & Gabbana, Versace, Dior Homme, and Chanel, among others. His captivating presence and effortless charm have made him a favorite among designers, photographers, and fashion enthusiasts worldwide.

In addition to his success in traditional modeling, Lachowski has also ventured into the world of commercial modeling, collaborating with prominent brands such as H&M, Tommy Hilfiger, Diesel, and Armani Exchange. His versatility and ability to adapt to various styles have contributed to his widespread appeal and enduring relevance in the industry.

Personal Life: Outside of his professional endeavors, Francisco Lachowski maintains a relatively private personal life. He is married to Jessiann Gravel Beland, a fellow model, with whom he has two children, Milo and Laslo. The couple often shares glimpses of their family life on social media, offering fans a peek into their world beyond the runway.

Philanthropy: Lachowski is actively involved in philanthropic efforts, using his platform to support charitable causes and initiatives. He has participated in various fundraising events and campaigns aimed at raising awareness and funds for issues such as environmental conservation, children's rights, and education.

Legacy: Throughout his career, Francisco Lachowski has solidified his status as a prominent figure in the fashion industry. His influence extends beyond the runway, as he continues to inspire aspiring models and fashion enthusiasts around the world. With his timeless appeal, undeniable talent, and commitment to excellence, Lachowski remains a true icon of style and elegance.

References:

Rice and peas

Rice and peas or peas and rice are traditional rice dishes in some Caribbean countries. The 'peas' used in this dish are traditionally pigeon peas. They are called 'Gungo peas' in the Caribbean. So9metimes kidney beans are used. Rice and peas recipes throughout the Caribbean vary, with each country having their own way of making it and name of calling it. They are similar only by the two main ingredients which are the peas/beans used and rice to form a mixture. The name "rice and peas" originally is used by Jamaicans to identify the dish. Other countries have different names for it. 

In 1961, Frederic G. Cassidy made note that the dish had been referred to as Jamaica's coat of arms.

Rice and peas is the mainstay of Jamaica, Anguilla, Bahamas, Trinidad, Barbados, Haiti and many other Caribbean islands. In most of Caribbean, the dish is called Rice and peas. In the Bahamas, it is known as peas n' rice, from which the Bahamian folk song "Mamma don't want no Peas n' Rice and Coconut Oil" is named. 

The traditional Jamaican method of cooking rice and peas is cooking long-grain rice in coconut milk and pigeon peas/kidney beans along with other ingredients like scallions, garlic, bell peppers and allspice. It is often served with curries and jerk chicken.

Lists of cities in the United States named after a different state

This is a list of U.S. cities (or census-designated areas) named after a state that is different from the state that the city is in.

Grits

Grits are a type of porridge made from coarsely ground dried maize or hominy. Grits are cooked in warm salted water or milk. They are often served with flavorings as a breakfast dish. Grits can be savory or sweet, with savory seasonings being more common. Grits are like other thick maize-based porridges from around the world, such as polenta and mieliepap. . Grits are often part of a dinner entrée shrimp and grits in the Southern United States .

The dish originated with the Native American Muscogee tribe using maize. American colonists learned to make the dish from the Native Americans.

At that time, maize or hominy for grits was ground on a stone mill. The ground material was passed through screens, the finer sifted material used as grit meal, and the coarser as grits.

Three-quarters of the grits sold in the U.S. are bought in the South, in an area stretching from Lower Texas to Washington, D.C., that is sometimes called the "grits belt". The state of Georgia declared grits to be its official prepared food in 2002. South Carolina has legislation dealing exclusively with corn meal and grits. State law in South Carolina requires grits and rice meal to be enriched, similar to the requirement for flour.

Grits may be either yellow or white, depending on the color of the maize used. The most common version in supermarkets is "quick" grits, which are made from non-hominy maize and have the germ and hull removed. Whole kernel grits are sometimes called "speckled".

Grits are prepared by mixing water or milk and the dry grits and stirring them over heat, if one uses cornmeal, the food is called mush. Whole grain grits require much longer to become soft than "quick grits".

Pea soup

Pea soup or split pea soup is soup made from dried peas, such as the split pea. It is the food of many cultures. It is most often greyish-green or yellow in color depending on the regional variety of peas used; all are cultivars of "Pisum sativum".

Pea soup has been eaten since antiquity; it is mentioned in Aristophanes' "The Birds", and according to one source "the Greeks and Romans were cultivating this legume about 500 BC to 400 BC. During that era, vendors in the streets of Athens were selling hot pea soup."

Eating fresh "garden" peas before they were matured was a luxurious innovation of the Early Modern period: by contrast with the coarse, traditional peasant fare of pease pottage. Potage Saint-Germain, made of fresh peas and other fresh greens braised in light stock and pureed, was served to Louis XIV of France, for whose court at the Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye it was named, c. 1660–1680.

A well-known nursery rhyme, the first known written reference of which dates to 1765, speaks ofPease pudding hot,

Pease pudding cold,

Pease pudding in the pot

Nine days old;

Some like it hot,

Some like it cold,

Some like it in the pot,

Nine days old.Pease pudding was a high-protein, low-cost staple of the diet. As it is made from easily stored dried peas it was an ideal form of food for sailors, particularly boiled in accompaniment with salt pork which is the origin of pea (and ham) soup. It is still popular in the form of "mushy peas" sold with fish and chips, as well as with meat pies.

Pea Soup is an English classic with many forms ranging from a thick purée, like mushy peas, to a more liquid dish. It can be made from fresh new peas or dried old peas.

In 19th-century English literature, pea soup is referred to as a simple food and eating it as a sign of poverty. In the Thackeray short story "A Little Dinner at Timmins's", when a character asks his wife "Why don't you ask some of our old friends? Old Mrs. Portman has asked us twenty times, I am sure, within the last two years", she replies, with "a look of ineffable scorn", that when "the last time we went there, there was pea-soup for dinner!" In Thomas Hardy's "Tess of the D'Urbervilles", Tess remarks that "we have several proofs that we are d'Urbervilles ... we have a very old silver spoon, round in the bowl like a little ladle, and marked with the same castle. But it is so worn that mother uses it to stir the pea-soup."

Pea soup is a common dish throughout Germany. It often contains bacon, sausage or (cured and smoked pork). Very often, several sausages will accompany a serving of pea soup as well as some dark bread. Ready-made soup in cans is sometimes used.

One of the first instant products was a pea soup product, which mainly consisted of pea meal and beef fat (: pea sausage). It was invented in 1867 by Johann Heinrich Grüneberg, who sold the recipe to the Prussian state. When the Franco-Prussian War broke out, the war ministry, which had tested the possibility of feeding soldiers solely on instant pea soup and bread, built a large manufacturing plant and produced between 4,000 and 5,000 tons of for the army during the war. In 1889, the Knorr instant-food company bought the license. Knorr, which is today a Unilever brand, stopped the production of on December 31, 2018.

, also called , is the Dutch version of pea soup. It is a thick stew of green split peas, different cuts of pork, celeriac or stalk celery, onions, leeks, carrots, and often potato. Slices of (smoked sausage) are added before serving. It is often served with Frisian rye bread () and bacon, cheese or butter. The bacon is usually , a variety of bacon which has been cooked and then smoked. Pancakes are sometimes served with pea soup; this dish is called , referring to the pancakes.

In the Royal Dutch Navy the pea soup is completed with small cubes of lard which float as white squares on top. It is called (pea soup with floating ice).

Koek-en-zopie outlets, small food and drinks stalls which spring up only during winters along frozen canals, ponds and lakes in the Netherlands for ice skaters, usually serve as a savoury snack.

Nordic pea soup is normally cooked with pork – although the meat may sometimes be served on the side – and a typical recipe would also include onions and herbs like thyme and marjoram.

In Finland the soup is made of green peas; in Sweden, Norway and Denmark yellow peas are used.

In Sweden and Finland the soup is usually served with mustard, and sometimes also with extra (dried) herbs (thyme or marjoram) to be mixed into the soup at the table. The soup is then normally followed by pancakes with jam (strawberry, raspberry, bilberry, cloudberry or similar) for dessert. In Sweden, the soup is sometimes accompanied by warm punsch as a special treat.

Pea soup in Sweden and Finland dates back to at least the 13th century. It is traditionally served on Thursdays. This is said to have been preparation for fasting on Fridays. The tradition of Thursday pea soup is common in restaurants, schools, military messes and field kitchens.

In Finland, Laskiainen, a winter festival associated with Shrove Tuesday, is generally celebrated by eating green pea soup and either pancakes or a seasonal pastry called laskiaispulla. The celebration often includes downhill sledding.

The Swedish king Eric XIV (1533–1577) is said to have died after eating arsenic-poisoned pea soup. However, it is not proven that the arsenic was added to a pea soup. Pea soup is also known as one of the favorite dishes of Swedish author August Strindberg. He referred to pea soup as "gudamat" (food for the Gods).

In Denmark, pea soup is served with boiled pork like pork belly and medisterpølse, as well as mustard, pickled beets and rugbrød on the side. It is sometimes turned into a feast, with lots of beer and snaps on festive occasions.

In Denmark the dish can be dated to 1766 in written sources, but might have originated as early as the Bronze Age, when dried peas and cabbage became popular vegetables for the long winters there.

In Poland, pea soup is typically associated with the military, where it still remains a popular dish. This is because pea soup is nutritious and cheap, and can be easily prepared in large quantities. Military pea soup () is said to have to be thick enough to put a spoon straight up in it. Though the pea soup is normally prepared in messes, the dish is typically associated with field kitchens. Decommissioned field kitchens are often used during mass events.

Banana fritter

A banana fritter is a fritter made by deep frying battered banana or plantain in hot oil. It is a common dish across Southeast Asia and South India.

Banana fritters are a traditional snack in Brunei, where they are called . They are similar to "pisang goreng" in Indonesia and Malaysia. , a variant of made with honey, are popular as a light afternoon meal ().

In Khmer, banana fritters are made by dipping flattened bananas in a thick mixture of rice flour, sesame seeds, egg whites and coconut milk seasoned with salt and sugar and deep frying them in hot oil until crispy and golden. Cambodian banana fritters are more savoury than sweet and are often eaten as a snack with coconut ice cream. A famous banana fritter shop in Cambodia is "Chek Chean Pises" operating since 2000 that has two locations in Phnom Penh – at Mao Tse Tong Boulevard and Kampuchea Krom Boulevard.

"Vazhakkappam" or "pazham pori" is a fritter food with ripened banana or plantain and maida flour. A popular food especially in Kerala, it is generally eaten as a breakfast or a snack. 

"Pazham pori" is made from bananas or plantain. Plantains are slit lengthwise after peeling. They are dipped into a batter made from flour, salt, turmeric powder and sugar. This is deep-fried in oil until golden brown. In the other South Indian states of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, it is made with besan flour.

"Pazham pori" is served usually along with tea or chai as a snack in the evening. In some restaurants in Kerala pazham pori is served along with beef.

In Indonesia, banana fritters are known as "pisang goreng". They are often sold by street vendors, They are deep fried in cooking oil; they might be coated with batter or not.

Plantain is often used instead of banana. Cultivars of banana such as "pisang raja", "pisang tanduk" and "pisang kepok" are the most popular kinds of banana used for pisang goreng. They have a mild sweet and sour flavor and firm texture that will not crumble upon being fried. "Pisang raja" however, has a softer texture and a fragrant aroma. The banana is often battered and then deep fried in ample palm oil. Pisang goreng might be battered or plain deep fried. The batter uses a combination of flour, either wheat, rice flour, tapioca or bread crumb. Coconut milk or milk and vanilla extract may be in the batter to add aroma. Most traditional street vendors will then sell them as is, without any additional ingredients or toppings. Some cafes and restaurants serve more sophisticated "pisang goreng" sprinkled with powdered sugar, cinnamon sugar, cheese, jam, condensed milk, chocolate or vanilla ice cream.

Banana fritters along other kinds of fritters are sold on travelling carts or by street vendors throughout Indonesia. Other than pisang goreng, various kinds of ingredients are battered and deep fried such as tempeh, "mendoan", tofu , oncom, sweet potato, cassava chunk, cassava tapai, tapioca , vegetables and breadfruit.

In Malaysia and Singapore, banana fritters are commonly known in the Malay language as "pisang goreng". The style of banana fritters commonly found in these countries is made by deep frying battered plantain in hot oil. It is typically consumed as a snack in the morning and afternoon. They are often sold by street vendors, although it is also offered as a product at storefronts, dining establishments as well as Singapore's hawker centres.

There are numerous fried banana dishes in Philippines. They are almost always made from saba bananas, a native cooking banana that is widely used in . "Pritong saging" are fried saba bananas (without batter) usually served with sugar or syrup. Bananas cooked with batter are a different dish known as "maruya." They are more commonly made mashed or sliced very thinly and spread into a fan shape. However, the most common Filipino street food dishes made from banana are banana cue and "turon". Banana cue are fried bananas coated with caramelized sugar and served on skewers. T"uron" is a type of fried dessert "lumpia" unique to the Philippines and is cooked in a crepe wrapper.

"Kluai khaek", sometimes called "kluai thot", is a popular Thai street snack. "Kluai khaek" is made from fried, floured banana commonly topped with white sesame.
In Suriname, this snack is also known as "bakabana" (meaning fried banana in Surinamese).

In Vietnamese, banana fritters are called "chuối chiên". They are based on the French dessert "banana flambée". After deep frying, Vietnamese banana fritters are drizzled with rum or rice wine and ignited to further crisp them.

A dish of banana fritter cooked in thick, spicy fish sauce and served with rice is claimed to have been a favourite dish of the former royal family of Myanmar.

Live at Knebworth

Live at Knebworth, also known as Live Summer 2003 with different cover text, is a live album by English pop singer Robbie Williams, recorded and released in 2003. The album is his first live album, and is a compilation of songs performed during three shows at Knebworth, England on 1–3 August 2003.

The three shows had a total of 375,000 fans, becoming the "biggest music event in British history". It is the second fastest and biggest selling live album ever in the United Kingdom behind Williams' former band Take That's live album "". It has been certified 2× Platinum by the IFPI for sales over 2 million copies.



The album was recorded in three evenings in Knebworth and then cut. The set lists for the three performances were:

What We Did Last Summer

What We Did Last Summer – Robbie Williams: Live at Knebworth is a live DVD by Robbie Williams, recorded between 1–3 August 2003 at Knebworth, England, as part of the Weekends of Mass Distraction Tour.

The album is a DVD version ofthe live album "Live at Knebworth" (also known as "Live Summer 2003").



Robbie Williams: Live at the O2

Robbie Williams: Live at the O2 is a live album released by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams on 24 November 2012. The album was available to attendants of the concerts straight after the performances, and later on Williams' official website. The album has Gary Barlow and Guy Chambers on it.

Griffith, New South Wales

Griffith is a rural city in the Riverina region of New South Wales. It is the seat of the City of Griffith local government area. 

Griffith was designed by Walter Burley Griffin and Marion Mahony Griffin, the same people that designed Canberra and Leeton (a town near Griffith). Griffith was named after Arthur Hill Griffith, the then-Secretary for Public Works in New South Wales.

Griffith is known for its large Italian community.

We Think It's Love

"We Think It's Love" is a 2000 debut single from Australian singer Leah Haywood and is the leading single from her debut studio album "Leah". It went to number 7 in Australia and did not chart in neighbouring New Zealand despite airplay on pop radio stations at the time.

The single was released in three formats. It was first released as a digipak single where it housed a special "clear disc" and then later in a slimline jewel-case packaging which came with bonus stickers of Haywood and other "Sony" music label artistes and an enhanced multimedia screensaver section on the disc. It was finally released on a 12-inch vinyl which contained two remixes that were unavailable on either CD single releases. Both CD releases contain the ballad B-side track "...And If I Could", which never appeared on the album. The track was co-written and co-produced by Haywood and Sydney music producer Barbara Griffin.

Digipak CD single

Slimline jewel case CD single

12-inch single

Tasmania Devils

The Tasmania Football Club, nicknamed the Tasmania Devils, are a professional Australian rules football club from Tasmania. The club will join the Australian Football League (AFL) in 2028. They will play their matches in both Hobart and Launceston.



Victorian Football League

The Victorian Football League (VFL) is an Australian second-tier Australian rules football competition. There are 21 clubs with teams in the league, which are all based in the eastern states of Australia (Victoria has 15, Queensland has four and New South Wales has two).



Troy (disambiguation)

Troy was an ancient city.

Troy can also mean:


Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire

Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire is an upcoming American supernatural fantasy comedy movie. It is expected to be released on March 22, 2024 in North America. It is the fifth movie in the "Ghostbusters" movie franchise and is the sequel to the 2021 movie "". It was directed by Gil Kenan.

Principal photography for the movie started in London, England on March 20, 2023 and ended on June 23. The release of the movie was supposed to be on March 29, 2024 but was moved up to March 22 because of the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike.

The movie will have the new Ghostbusters team up with old Ghostbusters to try and defeat a creature before it can destroy their city and freeze Earth.



Star Wars: The New Droid Army

Star Wars: The New Droid Army is an action video game. It was published by THQ and was developed by Helixe. The game was released on November 14, 2002 in North America and on November 29, 2002 in Europe. It was only released for the Game Boy Advance.

It is set after the 2002 movie "" and before Anakin becomes Darth Vader. In the game, the player plays as Anakin Skywalker. He travels to Tatooine after being told that there were new droids there.

The game was given mixed reviews from game critics. Critics said that they didn't like the stamina system because the player had to wait for it to refill and it made the game boring. They did say that they liked some of the scenes and the atmosphere in the game and the music. 

Life on the Murder Scene

Life on the murder scene is a live album by the band My Chemical Romance. It features demos and unreleased songs from their 2004 album Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge. It’s also has a collection of live songs from their debut album I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love.
Ambush Buzzworl

Akala Nicholas aka Ambush is just a rapper and part of buzzworl a rap collective And record label from brum, born in 1990 August the 1st, blew up in 2017/18 with tracks like “Jumpy” “thug life” and “Ambush”
Yaduvanshi Rai

Yaduvanshi Rai was an Indian politician. He was elected as a member of Bihar Legislative Assembly from Marhaura constituency in Saran district, Bihar.

Rai died on 13 September 2016 in Medanta, Gurugram, Haryana



Yaduvanshi (surname)

Yaduvanshi is an Indian surname which is a clan of Ahirs.

Kurixalus bisacculus

The Loei flying frog, Taylor's tree frog, green-limbed tree frog, Phu Kradung tree frog, Taylor's frill-limbed tree frog, Loei frilled tree frog, or Taylor's rough-armed tree frog ("Kurixalus bisacculus") is a frog. It lives in China, Myanmar, Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam. People have seen it between 103 and 2000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees in evergreen forests, forests with some bamboo plants, and near the ends of forests. People have also seen it on rubber and banana farms. The frog's tadpoles swim in pools of water that are not deep.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because they believe it lives in a large place. However, human beings cut down the forests where it lives, and fire can burn these forests. Also, human beings catch this frog to eat it or to use its body to make medicine.

Muzaffar Husayn

Muzaffar Husayn was a Timurid prince. He was the last ruler and brother of Badi al Zaman Mirza and died to the Uzbeks in 1506.
Piri piri

Piri piri is a cultivar of "Capsicum frutescens" from the malagueta pepper. It was originally produced in the Portuguese Empire. It spread to other Portuguese places.

Plants are usually very bushy and grow in height to with leaves long and wide. The fruits are generally tapered to a blunt point and measure up to long. The immature pod colour is green; the mature colour is bright red or purple. Some bird's-eye chili varieties measure up to 175,000 Scoville heat units.

Peri-peri is descended from plants from the Americas, but it has grown in the wild in Africa for centuries. It is now grown commercially in Zambia, Uganda, Malawi, Zimbabwe and Rwanda. It grows mainly in Malawi, Ethiopia, Zambia, South Africa, Ghana, Nigeria, Zimbabwe, Mozambique and Portugal. It is cultivated for both commercial food processing and the pharmaceutical industry. Cultivation of peri-peri is labor-intensive.

Peri-peri sauce was produced by mixing pepper with condiments the Portuguese traded with their other territories in Asia and India.

The sauce is made from peri-peri chilis used as a seasoning or marinade. Beyond Portugal and Southern African where it is very popular, the sauce is particularly well known in the United Kingdom due to the success of the South African restaurant chain Nando's.

Some is used in cooking and some is used for seasoning at the table. The key ingredients are chili and garlic, with an oily or acidic base.

Other common ingredients are salt, spirits (namely whisky), citrus peel, onion, pepper, bay leaves, paprika, pimiento, basil, oregano and tarragon.

George Windsor, Earl of St Andrews

George Philip Nicholas Windsor, Earl of St Andrews (born 26 June 1962), is an English philanthropist, former diplomat and a member of the British royal family. He was a member of the Diplomatic Service in New York and Budapest. St Andrews became chancellor of the University of Bolton in 2017. 

He is the trustee of the Next Century and Global eHealth foundations and patron of the Welsh Sinfonia. He is the elder son of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, and his wife Katharine, Duchess of Kent, and heir-apparent to the dukedom of Kent. He is 42nd in the line of succession to the British throne.

Early Life and Career 

Lord St Andrews is the son of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent and Katharine, Duchess of Kent (née Worsley, daughter of Sir William Worsley, 4th Baronet), and was educated at Eton College and Downing College, Cambridge, where he earned an MA degree in History. 

St Andrews served in the Diplomatic Service in New York and Budapest. He later worked in the antiquarian book business for the Christie's auction house. Lord St Andrews was a trustee of the SOS Children's Villages UK charity and is a patron of the Association for International Cancer Research. He was also a patron of Clifton Scientific Trust, an educational charity giving young people experience of the world of science and engineering. In April 2012, he also became a trustee of the Next Century Foundation, a charity working throughout the Middle East. Furthermore, he is a trustee of the Global eHealth Foundation and Patron of the Welsh Sinfonia. On 30 March 2017, he was installed as chancellor of the University of Bolton.

Personal Life

On 9 January 1988, George Windsor married Sylvana Tomaselli, a Canadian-born academic, at Leith Registry Office near Edinburgh. The couple have three children: 

-Edward Windsor, Lord Downpatrick

-Lady Marina Windsor 

-Lady Amelia Windsor

Title

26 June 1962-present The Right Honorable The Earl of St Andrews or Lord St Andrews
Scoville scale

The Scoville scale is a measurement of pungency (spiciness or "heat") of chili peppers and other substances, recorded in Scoville heat units (SHU). It is based on the concentration of capsaicinoids. Capsaicin is the main thing measured.

The scale is named after its creator, American pharmacist Wilbur Scoville. The Scoville organoleptic test is a subjective assessment derived from the capsaicinoid sensitivity by people experienced with eating hot chilis.

An alternative method, high-performance liquid chromatography, can be used to analytically quantify the capsaicinoid content as an indicator of pungency.

In the Scoville organoleptic test, an exact weight of dried pepper is dissolved in alcohol. This extracts the heat components, the capsaicinoids. They are then diluted in a solution of sugar water. Decreasing concentrations of the extracted capsaicinoids are given to a panel of five trained tasters, until a majority (at least three) can no longer detect the heat in a dilution. The heat level is based on this dilution, rated in multiples of 100 SHU.

"Capsicum" chili peppers are used to add pungency in food. The range of pepper heat reflected by a Scoville score is from 500 or less (sweet peppers) to over 2.6 million ("Pepper X") .

Live at the Albert

""Robbie Williams: Live at the Albert"" is a DVD that was released in December 2001 of a concert performed by Robbie Williams on 10 October 2001 at the Royal Albert Hall, a month before the release of the album Swing When You're Winning. It has been certified 6× Platinum in the United Kingdom and 2× Platinum in Germany.



The Robbie Williams Show

The Robbie Williams Show is a live DVD and VHS video by Robbie Williams, recorded in 2002 in Pinewood Studios before the release of the album "Escapology".



Funge

' or ' (Angola) or ' (DCR and the Congo Republic) is a traditional African food made of cassava flour whisked into boiling water. It can also be made with sorghum, maize, or millet. It can be served with textured vegetable, fish, or meat stew, as well as other vegetable, meat, and fish dishes. "Funge" is a staple food in Africa. Some richer and more flavorful versions may be made with stock, like fish stock, instead of water. It is also known as ' (literally "food").

Funge is eaten with the fingers, and a small ball of it can be dipped into an accompanying stew, side dish or sauce.

In the Lesser Antilles, a similar food is known as fungi or cou-cou.

In Ghana there are two kinds. They are usually made with ground corn. The kind known as "banku" is sometimes made from a mixture of grated cassava and corn. The corn is allowed to ferment before it is cooked. To make "banku" the fermented mixture is cooked in a pot, but the variation called "kenkey" is only partially cooked before it is wrapped in banana leaves or corn husks and steamed.

In Brazil, a similar dish made with cassava flour and fish stock is known as .

And Through It All: Robbie Williams Live 1997–2006

And Through It All: Robbie Williams Live 1997–2006 is a DVD that was released in November 2006 of different live performances recorded between 1997 and 2006.

Also on disc 2: Eternity 5:04

Ego Has Landed Tour

The Ego Has Landed Tour was the second concert tour by English recording artist, Robbie Williams. The tour promoted his debut album, "Life thru a Lens", and saw Williams performing at bigger venues than his earlier Show Off Must Go On Tour. The singer also performed at several UK music festivals during the summer of 1998. 



Moambe

Palm butter or palm cream, frequently known as moambe, mwambe or nyembwe, is an ingredient made from the pericarp (not the seeds) of palm nuts, the fruit of the African oil palm ("Elaeis guineensis") tree. It is an important ingredient in stews and sauces in Africa.

Dishes made with the sauce often include peanuts, peanut sauce, or peanut butter. The meat usually used in the dishes is chicken but other meats, such as beef, fish, mutton, or any wild game meat, such as crocodile or venison, are used as well. Moambe chicken is considered a national dish of three African countries.

In order to make palm butter, palm nuts are boiled and then pounded. The pulp is mixed with water, sieved and boiled again. Canned palm soup base, also called "sauce graine" or "noix de palme" may be used instead

In Angola, the dish is called "moamba de galinha." It is considered a national dish. It is usually served with funge, a manioc purée. It is sometimes made with fish.

In western regions of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, "mwambi" or "mwambe" () is the name given to the sauce of palm oil or peanuts. Poulet à la Moambé, "chicken in a "moambe" sauce", is a considered the Congo's national dish.

In Gabon, the sauce is usually called "nyembwe", from the Myene word for palm oil. The most important dish using nyembwe is nyembwe chicken (French: "poulet [au] nyembwe" or "poulet [au] gnemboue") which is considered a national dish of Gabon.



Riz gras

Riz gras or riz au gras is a rice-based dish in Beninese, Burkinabé, Guinean, Ivorian, and Togolese cooking. It is also eaten in other African countries, such as Senegal, where it is called "tiebou djen" and is prepared with significant amounts of fish and meat. This very like Jollof rice in English-speaking West Africa.

Riz gras is often served at parties in urban areas of Burkina Faso. Riz gras is prepared with significant amounts of meat and vegetables. It is usually served with the meat and chunks of vegetables on top of the rice. Additional ingredients used include tomatoes, eggplant, bell peppers, carrots, cabbage, onion, garlic, meat or vegetable stock, oil and salt.

Roselle juice

Roselle juice, known as bissap, wonjo, foléré, dabileni, tsobo, zobo, siiloo, soborodo or Sobolo in parts of Africa, sorrel in the Caribbean, and agua de Jamaica in Mexico, is a drink made out of the flowers of the roselle plant, a species of "Hibiscus". Although generally the "juice" is sweetened and chilled, it is really an infusion. When it is served hot it can be called hibiscus tea.

Roselle juice, often taken refrigerated, is a cool drink in many West African countries and the Caribbean. It is a dark red-purple coloured juice. The Burkinabes, Senegalese, and Ivorians call it bissap. The Nigerians call it zobo. Ghanaians call it Zobolo. It tastes a bit grapey and a little like cranberry juice. It can be served with mint leaves. It can be served with other flavouring like orange essence or ginger, pineapple juice, tea grass or vanilla. In Ghana, Nigeria, and Senegal, roselle juice is served cold, while in Egypt, it is served warm.

Roselle juice is prepared with water, bissap flowers, sugar and sometimes other flavouring ingredients such as ginger.

Roselle juice, which acts as a diuretic, regulates blood pressure and reduces hypertension. It also has high levels of vitamin C, so is used to treat the common cold and otherwise boost the immune system. Some studies have also shown antimicrobial activity.

Zobo drink is a local drink in Nigeria. It is made from dried hibiscus leaf and other ingredients. The drink is commonly sold in restaurants and on roadsides. Zobo drinks are served at parties.

Hibiscus drink is made by boiling the hibiscus leaf with ginger and garlic for less than an hour. It is served hot or chilled depending on the weather condition of the area it was produced. Other ingredients used in making zobo drink include nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves, lime and artificial colours. The particles are sieved leaving behind the zobo juice. The roselle drink has flavour similar to cranberry juice and it is ruby red in colour.
This is the major ingredient used in making zobo drink. It is a leafy vegetable similar to spinach that originates from Europe. "Hibiscus sabdariffa", also known as roselle, is an annual herb that can be planted all year round especially between November and the April of the next year. Hibiscus sabdariffa is otherwise known as spinach dock, sour grass, or sour grabs.

Zobo drink is also known as hibiscus tea, hibiscus drink and roselle drinks because the beverage drink is made from hibiscus leaves. Also it is known as local Chapman since other fruits and artificial colours are added. Due to the sour taste of zobo drink, it is refer to as sour tea as well.

There are two types of preservatives used in production of zobo tea, the natural ones are nutmeg, lime and cloves . Sodium benzoate at a concentration of 0.1% or mixture of citric acid and magnesium sulfate are the chemical compounds used in preserving zobo drink for a longer time and make it carbon-free. The artificial preservatives are neutralized with fruit juice in order to conserve the sour taste of the leaf during production.



1999 Tour (Robbie Williams)

The 1999 Tour was a concert tour by English recording artist, Robbie Williams. The tour supported his second studio album, "I've Been Expecting You" and the compilation album, "The Ego Has Landed". In May 1999, the tour played over 40 shows in North America and Europe.

The songs below was from the concert held on 1 May 1999, at The Opera House in Toronto, Canada. These songs weren't played at all concerts.




Close Encounters Tour

The Close Encounters Tour was a concert tour by English recording artist, Robbie Williams. It was held from April to December 2006, It was the singer's largest tour, playing over 50 shows in Africa, Asia, Europe, the Americas, and Australia.


The songs below was from the concert held on 10 April 2006, at the ABSA Stadium in Durban, South Africa. Not all the songs below were played at the concerts. 

Take the Crown Stadium Tour

The Take the Crown Stadium Tour was a concert tour by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was promoting his ninth studio album "Take the Crown"


In July 2013, the concert at the Tallinn Song Festival Grounds in Tallinn, Estonia was live-streamed in numerous cinemas in Europe.

Swings Both Ways Live

Swings Both Ways Live (also known as The Swing Tour Live) was the tenth concert tour by English recording artist, Robbie Williams. The tour supports his tenth studio album, "Swings Both Ways". Beginning April 2014, the tour played 50 shows in Europe, Australia and Asia.

The songs below were played at the concert of 25 April 2014 at the Budapest Sports Arena in Budapest, Hungary. Not all songs were played at concerts.



Let Me Entertain You Tour

The Let Me Entertain You Tour was a concert tour by English recording artist, Robbie Williams. The tour started in March 2015 in Europe, Asia and Australasia, with over 40 shows.


The songs below is from the concerts held in Madrid and Barcelona, March 2015. Not all songs below were played at the concerts.


The Heavy Entertainment Show Tour

The Heavy Entertainment Show Tour was a concert tour by English recording artist Robbie Williams, to support his album "The Heavy Entertainment Show". The tour was held in England and Europe in Summer 2017. It continued in 2018 to Oceania and later that year to South America.



Death of Caylee Anthony

Caylee Marie Anthony (9 August 2005 – 16 June 2008) was an American toddler who lived in Orlando, Florida, with her mother, Casey Marie Anthony (born March 19, 1986), and her maternal grandparents, George and Cindy Anthony. On July 15, 2008, Caylee was reported missing in a 9-1-1 call made by Cindy, who said she had not seen the child for thirty-one days. According to what Cindy told police dispatchers, Casey had given varied explanations as to Caylee's whereabouts before eventually saying she had not seen her daughter for weeks. Casey later called police and falsely told a dispatcher that Caylee had been kidnapped by a nanny on June 9. Casey was charged with first-degree murder in October 2008 and pleaded not guilty.

Palm nut soup

Palm nut soup or banga is a soup made from palm fruit common in Cameroon, Ghana, Nigeria, Democratic Republic of Congo and Ivory Coast. It is made from a palm cream or palm nut base with stewed marinated meats and smoked dried fish. It is often eaten with starch, fufu, omotuo, banku, fonio, or rice. 

 soup is a palm fruit soup in Cameroon and West Africa. It is often served with kwacoco. The soup is Cameroon's version of the West African banga. In Cameroon is made using fresh palm nuts. Outside the area canned nuts can be used.

 is a type of palm fruit soup from the Niger Delta particularly among the itsekiri ethnic group. 

In Nigeria it is used to accompany other dishes such as Starch ("Usi") for the itsekiri people of Delta State. The Igbo people have the stew and soup varieties made from palm fruits. Ofe akwu is the stew variety usually taken with rice while the palm fruit extract is used especially in Anambra region for Oha and Onugbu soup accompanied with pounded cassava. The palm fruit is important to the Igbo people. The palm fruit is often harvested from locally grown palm fruit trees, after which it is thoroughly washed, boiled and mashed for the extraction of its oil, the main ingredient in the preparation of the Banga soup.

Banga soup is flavored with , aidan fruit, rohojie, Banga spice leaves called Obenetietien (scent or bitter leaves can be substituted), a stick of oburunbebe, finely chopped onion, ground crayfish, chili pepper or scotch bonnet, and salt. The soup is eaten with starch made with Cassava Starch and palm-oil or rice in the south or south eastern parts of Nigeria . Banga Soup is mostly prepared using fresh catfish dried/smoked fish or meat. It can also have the addition of Okra.

Obe Ẹyẹn, also known as banga soup, is a soup eaten by the itsekiri people of Southern Nigeria. It is made by extracting the liquid of palm kernels. Other ingredients like crayfish, meat, fish, pepper and cow tripe are added. It is eaten with eba or usi (starch). ("Elaeis guineensis") extract.

Video: How to make Palmnut Soup (GH)]]
Murder of Lily Furneaux-Wolfenbarger

Lily Furneaux-Wolfenbarger (May 14, 2008 - November 20, 2010) was a 2-year-old girl who was sexually assaulted and beaten to death by her stepmother, Renee King.

In 2012, Renee was sentenced to life in prison for Lily's death.

Lily Lynette Furneaux-Wolfenbarger was born on May 14, 2008, in Michigan, USA to Lauren Furneaux and Jeff Wolfenbarger.

Bafa (food)

Bafa it a traditional dish in Cape Verde.

It is a stew made with limpets, whelks and octopus. It can be eaten as a snack, as an entrée, or as a main dish.

A variant is called "Octopus bafa" ("Bafa de polvo").

Pointe Michel

Pointe Michel is a village in Dominica. It’s the capital and the only settlement in the parish of Saint Luke, the smallest one of the eleven parishes of Dominica.
Killing of Dolores Boschert

Dolores Olive Boschert (March 17, 1999-May 24, 2022) was an American paramedic who was killed in a freak accident while working out at a gym. Dolores had graduated from Duchesne High School in 2017, Lindenwood University in 2020, and the St. Louis Fire Academy in 2021. She had been working with Christian Hospital EMS since 2020.

On the early morning of May 24, 2022, Dolores was on her own at the Club Fitness gymnasium in St. Charles, Missouri. At around 2:30 AM, Dolores went to do squats on a Smith machine when her legs gave out, sending her to the floor. Dolores got pinned by a barbell as a result and died due to asphyxiation at the age of 23. Her body was found by another patron of the gym when he arrived at 2:50 AM, but she was pronounced dead at the scene.

The Boy in the Dress (musical)

The Boy in the Dress is a musical with music and lyrics by Robbie Williams, Guy Chambers and Chris Heath and a book by Mark Ravenhill. The musical is based on the 2008 novel The Boy in the Dress, written by David Walliams. The story is about a twelve-year-old boy, Dennis, who enjoys wearing a dress and the reactions of his family and friends.

The musical was held at the Royal Shakespeare Theatre in Stratford-upon-Avon from 8 November 2019 to 8 March 2020.

In 2020, it was going to be held at the Savoy Theatre in London's West End but due to the COVID-19 pandemic it was cancelled.


Keys

Grogue

Grogue, also known as grogu or grogo (derived from English "grog"), is a strong Cape Verdean alcoholic beverage made from sugarcane. Nearly all the sugarcane is used in the production of grogue. The cane is processed in a press known as a "trapiche".

It is the basis for a Cape Verdean cocktail known as "ponche" (derived from the English word "punch"), made with lime and molasses, comparable to the "poncha" of the island of Madeira.

Grogue and sugarcane production is mostly in Santo Antão and Santiago.

Grogue is used as a base for medicine, with the addition of herbs such as common rue, rosemary, or anise. There is also a grogue preparation made with percebes (goose neck barnacles).

It is made by a traditional way and because of this there are a lot of different qualities on the market. The government of Cabo Verde is busy with a European company to introduce grogue on the European markets. This will be a fully controlled grogue of the best quality by the name 'Grogue Official'.

In some tourist locations, caipirinhas are prepared with grogue.


Alex G

Alexander Giannascoli (born February 3, 1993), better known by his stage names Alex G or, formerly, (Sandy) Alex G, is an American musician and singer-songwriter. He started his career releasing albums himself on Bandcamp and started getting fans with his label debut, "DSU" (2014), released on Orchid Tapes and a lot of people liked it. He later signed with Lucky Number, who rereleased his earlier releases, "Rules" and "Trick" (2012). In 2015, he joined Domino Recording Company and released his sixth studio album, "Beach Music". He followed it in 2017 with "Rocket", which even more people liked. Giannascoli's eighth studio album, "House of Sugar", was released in 2019, and his ninth, "God Save the Animals", in 2022.

Giannascoli was born in 1993 in Havertown, Pennsylvania. His father's family is from Abruzzo, a region in Southern Italy. At age 11, he learned how to play the guitar that his brother gave him and started recording music. While attending Haverford High School, Giannascoli made two albums that he shared with friends. He tested different styles while making collaborative music, which included his brother, singer/songwriter/producer David Allen Scoli, and himself called The Scoli Xtreme, the "goth techno" he made with his sister in their band MOTHER, as well as the projects involving his high school band The Skin Cells, described as "pop rock that accidentally ended up being punk". The Skin Cells band where most unreleased music from Alex was released (such as "Tie me down", "Nintendo 64", and more). In 2011, Giannascoli enrolled at Temple University, where he studied English in hopes of becoming a teacher, but eventually left to pursue a musical career.

After self-releasing a bunch of albums, EPs, and singles on Bandcamp from 2010 to 2012, Giannascoli's popularity spread through word of mouth, blogs, and testimonials by other musicians. "The Fader" called Giannascoli "the internet's secret best songwriter." This led to Orchid Tapes signing Giannascoli, as well as the release of his label debut "DSU" (2014), which critics raved about. Following the release of the album, Giannascoli went on tour in North America and Europe. In November, "DSU" was released by Lucky Number in Europe on all formats with two new bonus tracks. The label later also reissued his two preceding releases, 2012's "Rules" and "Trick".

In 2015, Giannascoli signed with Domino Recording Company and released that label's debut "Beach Music" on October 9. The following year, Giannascoli worked with Frank Ocean on his albums "Endless" and "Blonde", providing guitar and writing music for several songs.

On March 2, 2017, Giannascoli announced that his second album with Domino, titled "Rocket", would be released on May 19 and shared the first two singles, "Bobby" and "Witch". On April 4, Giannascoli announced the change of his stage name from Alex G to (Sandy) Alex G, with no further explanation, and shared another single from the album, "Proud". The music publication "Spin" attributed the name change to a legal conflict with singer and YouTuber Alex Blue, who was operating at the time under the trademarked name "Alex G". On choosing the name 'Sandy', Giannascoli said it "was the first thing [he] put on Bandcamp" and that he had "just used that ‘Sandy’ as a sort of [social media] tag" since then. On May 4, he released two more singles, "Brick" and "Sportstar", before the release of the album. "Rocket" received good reviews and appeared on multiple publications' year-end lists of the best albums of 2017.

Giannascoli's eighth studio album, "House of Sugar", was released on September 13, 2019. The album received positive reviews and placed 17th on Pitchfork's year-end best albums list. In June 2020, he dropped "(Sandy)" from his stage name, returning to going by Alex G.

Giannascoli scored the film "We're All Going to the World's Fair", released on April 8, 2022. Giannascoli also scored Jane Schoenbrun's next film "I Saw the TV Glow", which is being released by A24 in 2024.

Giannascoli's ninth studio album, "God Save the Animals" was released on September 23, 2022.

In January 2024, Giannascoli announced his signing with RCA Records and an upcoming tour supporting the band Foo Fighters.

Giannascoli's music is often said to be indie rock with a lo-fi aesthetic because he records all of his music by himself in his home. He is compared a lot to singer-songwriter Elliott Smith, who's an idol of his. Other comparisons include Built to Spill and The Martinis. "The Philadelphia Inquirer" praised him as "a particularly gifted melody writer" whose "fuzzy, sometimes distorted songs, which hark back to slightly askew 1990s bands such as Pavement, can't hide his skill as a pop craftsman and a constructor of elliptical narratives that call for repeated listening." He stated that his creative process is usually working alone in his room with his guitar and adding other instruments later. When asked about working in a professional recording studio, he replied "I feel like I'm eventually going to have to do that, but I just don't want to. Because I don't know how to work all that stuff, and I don't want anyone else to have control. I just want to follow my own ideas, and I'm uncomfortable doing it any other way." Despite being formerly hesitant to record his music in professional studios, Giannascoli's "God Save the Animals" was studio-recorded with help from Jacob Portrait during the COVID-19 pandemic.



Palm wine

Palm wine, is an alcoholic drink made from the sap of palm trees such as the palmyra, date palms, and coconut palms. It is common in various parts of Africa, the Caribbean, South America, South Asia, Southeast Asia, and Micronesia.

Palm wine production by smallholders and individual farmers may help conservation. Palm trees may become a source of regular household income. This may be worth more than the value of timber sold.

The sap is extracted and collected by a tapper. The sap is usually collected from the cut flower of the palm tree. A container is fastened to the flower stump to collect the sap. The white liquid that initially collects tends to be very sweet and non-alcoholic before it is fermented. Another method is the felling of the entire tree. Where this is practised, a fire is sometimes lit at the cut end to help the collection of sap.

Palm sap begins fermenting immediately after collection, due to natural yeasts in the air (often helped by yeast left in the collecting container). Within two hours, fermentation yields an aromatic wine of up to 4% alcohol content, mildly intoxicating and sweet. The wine may be allowed to ferment longer, up to a day, for a stronger, more sour, and acidic taste, which some people prefer. Longer fermentation produces vinegar instead of stronger wine.

Palm wine may be distilled to create a stronger drink, which goes by different names depending on the region (e.g., "arrack", "palm feni (liquor)", "", "village gin", "charayam", and "country whiskey").

In Nigeria, this is commonly called palm wine. In southwestern Nigeria and some parts of Cameroon, it is also known as "Emu" or "Matango". In both Congos, it is called "nsámbá". In parts of southern Ghana, distilled palm wine is called "akpeteshi" or "burukutu". In Togo and Benin, it is called "sodabe. I"n Tunisia it is called "lagmi". In coastal parts of Kenya, it is known as "mnazi". In India, it is called "toddy". In Ivory Coast, it is called "koutoukou".

In the Philippines, the most common distilled palm liquor is "lambanog" which is made from aged "tubâ". It has very high alcohol by volume, at 40 to 45% abv (80 to 90 proof).

Maboké

Maboké is a food in the Central African Republic. It is a fish dish, with roasted spices, wrapped in cassava or banana leaf. It is also eaten in other parts of Africa, like the Democratic Republic of the Congo which uses many species of tropical fish from the Congo River. It is sometimes served with fried plantains and rice.

We Sing Robbie Williams

We Sing Robbie Williams is the third game in the "We Sing" series for the Wii. It was released on 12 November 2010.

The game has up to 4 players, who can use their own microphones. It is also the first game in this series to have an artist, which for this game is Robbie Williams.

The game has singing lessons, solo mode, party mode and Karaoke mode. Players have to sing along with music to score points, matching the pitch and rhythm. players can choose to play at an easy, medium, or hard level, with both short or full-length songs. After the player finishes singing, they can replay their performance; and get statistics about their performance. 

The game has 25 songs.



Solovey (Go A song)

"Solovey" (, ) is a 2020 song by Ukrainian folktronica group Go_A. The song had to represent Ukraine in Eurovision Song Contest 2020, but the competition was stopped by the COVID-19 pandemic.

The musical genre of the song is folktronica, a mix between electronic dance music and folk.

The song lyrics are about a girl, Katrusia (nickname for "Kateryna"), that lives in the Ukrainian countryside. She falls in love with a boy, Vaniusha (nickname for "Ivan"), but the mother does not approve it. The girl meets him at night and she asks a nightingale not to sing early, because the bird may wake up other people. Katrusia knows that their love is not possible and tries to forget him.

The story is based on the singer Kateryna Pavlenko's personal story.

The lyrics, all in the Ukrainian language, are in an iambic pentameter verse, the main metre in Slavic folk poetry and drama.

On 22 February 2020, "Solovey" won "Vidbir 2020" with 12 points, the highest number of points in "Vidbir".. The winner song of that competition becomes the representative Ukrainian song for Eurovision Song Contest. However, on 18 March 2020, Eurovision was stopped before it started because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Go_A then went to Eurovision Song Contest 2021 with "Shum".

"Solovey" is the first song in the history of the Eurovision Song Contest to be fully in the Ukrainian language.

Lord Nicholas Windsor

Lord Nicholas Charles Edward Jonathan Windsor (born 25 July 1970) is a relative of the British royal family, youngest child of Prince Edward, Duke of Kent. As a Catholic convert, he has forfeited his right of succession to the throne. Lord Nicholas has voiced strong anti-abortion views.

Early Years 

Lord Nicholas Windsor was born on 25 July 1970 at King's College Hospital in Denmark Hill, London to Prince Edward, Duke of Kent and Katharine, Duchess of Kent. He has an older brother, Lord St Andrews, and a sister, Lady Helen Taylor. He was baptized later that year at Windsor Castle. His godparents include Charles, Prince of Wales (later King Charles III) and Donald Coggan, at the time Archbishop of York and later Archbishop of Canterbury. 

Religion

Lord Nicholas's mother, The Duchess of Kent, had been received into the Catholic Church in 1994. 

On 14 July 2011, Lord Nicholas became an Honorary Vice-president of the Friends of the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of Walsingham, an Anglican Ordinariate within the Catholic Church. 

Lord Nicholas is also a patron of the Society of King Charles the Martyr and, though it is a largely Anglican society, he identifies it with his catholic faith. In a passage written by Windsor for the Society's website, he extolls Charles's virtues: "In the King's personal piety, devotion and support of the Church, his ecumenical understanding (far advanced for his day), his patronage of the Arts in the service of God, his inspiration of the Christian classic, Eikon Basilike and of course his martyrdom, we have much to REMEEMBER and be thankful for."

Lord Nicholas had voiced strong views on the issue of abortion, which he has stated is, as a societal threat, "worse than al-Qaeda."

Title 

25 July 1970 Lord Nicholas Windsor 

House: Windsor
Prince Gabriel of Belgium

Prince Gabriel of Belgium (French: Gabriel Baudouin Charles Marie, Dutch: Gabriel Boudewijn Karel Maria; born 20 August 2003) is the elder son and second child of King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium. He is currently second in line to the throne of Belgium after his elder sister, Elisabeth.

Life

Prince Gabriel was born at 1:15 am CET on 20 August 2003 in the Erasmus Hospital in Anderlecht, Brussels. He was christened at Ciergnon Castle, one of the royal family's summer residence, on 25 October 2003 by Cardinal Godfried Danneels, the Archbishop of Mechelen-Brussels. His godparents are his maternal uncle Count Charles-Henri d'Udekem d'Acoz (born 1985); and his paternal second cousin, Baroness Maria Christina von Freyberg-Eisenberg (born 1965). King Philippe stated in an interview that he finds the name Gabriel, which is new in the royal family, not only beautiful, short and powerful, but also the name unites the three major religious traditions. He was named after his great-uncle King Baudouin of Belgium, his maternal uncle and godfather Count Charles-Henri d'Udekem d'Acoz and Virgin Mary (traditional name in Catholic royalty).

Gabriel's older sister, Elisabeth, precedes him in the line of succession following the 1991 adoption of absolute primogeniture. He also has a younger brother, Prince Emmanuel, and a younger sister, Princess Eleonore. He lives with his parents and siblings at the Royal Palace of Laeken. 

Gabriel was a student at St John Berchmans College until 2019, where the instruction is in Dutch, in the Marolles district of Brussels, the capital of Belgium. From 2019 to 2021, he finished his secondary education at the International School of Brussels (ISB), an English-language private school in Watermael-Boitsfort. 

From September 2021, he is taking a 1-year preparatory A-level course in mathematics, further mathematics, and physics at The National Mathematics and Science College, a STEM-oriented sixth form college in Warwickshire, England. In August 2022, the royal family announced that Gabriel will attend Royal Military Academy of Belgium, studying social and military sciences in Dutch and will be a part of the 162nd class. In September 2022, the Prince received his blue beret and trained under the name "Gabriel van Saksen-Coburg." 

Gabriel speaks Dutch, French and English. 

In August 2013, Prince Gabriel accompanied his father King Philippe to a European Hockey Championship match in Boom, in which Belgium played (and won) against Germany. Prince Gabriel read the prayer intentions at his great-aunt Queen Fabiola's funeral in December 2014. He with his mother Queen Mathilde and sister Princess Elisabeth attended the finals of the Queen Elisabeth Music Competition on 12 May 2018. 

During the COVID-19 pandemic, Prince Gabriel had conversations over the phone with elderly people in residential care centers in order to encourage and support them. In December 2020, Prince Gabriel with his sister Princess Eleonore volunteered at a convenience store and a warehouse in Ghent. In June 2021, Prince Gabriel accompanied his father King Philippe on a visit to the 15Wing Air Transport at Military Airport Melsbroek. In April 2023, Prince Gabriel accompanied King Philippe on a visit to French Guiana, where they witnessed the launch of the Ariane 5 rocket from the Kourou Space Center. In May 2023, the Prince attended a garden party in honor of his father's reign tenth anniversary. On 21 July 2023, he and his sister Elisabeth were among the fellow students of the Royal Military Academy Belgium to parade during the Belgian National Day. He has been involved in the Scouts since he was eight years old and has become a patrol leader in the last few years. 

Prince Gabriel plays the piano. He likes to practice taekwondo, football, cycling, tennis, swimming, skiing, sailing and hiking. He was a member of Royal Evere White Star Hockey Club, a Belgian hockey club based in Evere but decided to quit hockey in 2019 to fucus on his school work 

Title

20 August 2003-present His Royal Highness Prince Gabriel of Belgium 

Military Ranks 

30 September 2022-present Officer Cadet, The Royal Military Academy 

House: Belgium 

Religion: Roman Catholic
Abu Hafs al-Hashimi al-Qurashi

Abu Hafs al-Hashimi al-Qurashi is the fifth caliph of Daesh. He become caliph on the 3rd or 6th of August 2023, by the spokesperson of Daesh, Abu Hudhayfah Al-Ansari, which came after 4 months after the death of Abu al-Hussein al-Husseini al-Qurashi. 

Star Wars: Flight of the Falcon

Star Wars: Flight of the Falcon is a 3D first-person shooter video game. It was published by THQ and was developed by Pocket Studios. The game was released on November 18, 2003 in North America and on November 21, 2003 in Europe. It was only released for the Game Boy Advance.

In the game, the player plays as Han Solo with his Wookiee co-pilot Chewbacca. The player can pilot Solo's ship, the "Millennium Falcon" and also other spacecraft. The player shoots the Galactic Empire's forces to try and help the Rebel Alliance defeat them.

The game was given negative reviews from game critics. Critics said that they didn't like the graphics or gameplay. One critic said that the framerate of the game was so horrible that the game should be classified as unplayable. The music and sounds did get a good review though.

Greta Freist

Margaretha Maria Josefa "Greta" Freist (21 July 1904 Weikersdorf – 18 September 1993 in Paris) was an Austrian painter and graphic artist. 

Freist attended the Fröhlich School of Painting in Vienna, and studied at the Academy of Fine Arts with Rudolf Bacher and Rudolf Jettmar from 1924 to 1930. She worked as a freelance painter, graphic artist, restorer, ceramist and fabric painter. She worked together with her fellow student and life partner Gottfried Goebel. The two lived with Heimito von Doderer in Döbling.

In 1936 (or 1937) she emigrated with Goebel to Paris, where she had her first exhibition at the Salon d'Automne. During the war years, her partner Goebel was interned and Freist was arrested several times for trading on the black market.   In 1950, the French section of the International Art Club was founded in her studio. 

From about 1949 to 1967 she painted abstractly. After an inspiring trip to Spain, she returned to a figurative, fantastical style of painting, to express the dehumanization of the world. From 1988 until her death, she returned to abstraction. 

Freist died in Paris in 1993.

Electric spark

An Electric spark is a sudden burst of electricity that takes place when a very strong electric field makes a path through something that usually doesn't conduct electricity, like air or gases. This can happen when there's a buildup of electric charge in one place and it suddenly discharges. Michael Faraday, a famous scientist, was one of the first to study how electric sparks form.

When the electric field becomes strong enough, it overcomes the normal resistance of the material and creates a channel through which the electricity can flow. This channel becomes ionized, which means the atoms in the material lose or gain electrons, making it able to conduct electricity. 

The strength of the electric field needed to create a spark depends on the material involved. For air, which is commonly where electric spark takes place, the breakdown strength is about 30,000 volts per centimeter at sea level. In other words, when the electric field reaches this level, it's strong enough to make a spark jump through the air.

Electric sparks are often seen in situations like lightning during storms or when static electricity builds up and discharges, such as when you touch a metal object after shuffling your feet on a carpet. They can also happen in machinery, electronics, and in scientific experiments.
These sparks can be dangerous because they can cause fires or explosions if they happen near flammable materials or in environments with gases that can ignite. However, they are also useful in many applications, such as in spark plugs for igniting fuel in engines, in welding, and in certain types of sensors and detectors.

Fructuoso Rivera

Jose Fructuoso Rivera y Toscana (17 October 1784-13 January 1854) was President of Uruguay from 6 November 1830 to 24 October 1834 (succeeding Luis Eduardo Perez and preceding Carlos Anaya),he was president three times He was one of the main founding fathers of Uruguay as well as the founder of the Colorado Party of Uruguay, which ruled the country without interruption from 1865 to 1958.From 1847 to 1853, Rivera was forced into exile in Brazil, and he returned in 1853 after President Juan Francisco Giro was overthrown. Venancio Flores, Lavalleja, and Rivera formed a governing triumvirate, but it fell apart when Rivera and Lavalleja died in office.
Bariis iskukaris

Bariis Iskukaris, also called Isku-dheh karis or just Bariis is a traditional rice dish from Somalia. The name "Isku-dheh karis" literally means "cooked mixed together". It is sometimes used to more broadly refer to other grain-derived crops that require similar cooking. Hence the more specific term for this dish is "bariis isku-dheh karis" which means "rice (bariis) cooked mixed together".

Bariis iskukaris is made from basmati rice, and is topped with raisins, peas, and fried potatoes, onions and peppers. It is usually served with roasted meat or fish. It is a national dish of Somalia and is especially popular at weddings. It is a staple dish which is served as part of a Somali daily meal. It is generally served with fresh bananas.

The dish has a spice mixture called "xawaash" which literally translates as "spices" in the Somali language. That is made from ground cumin, turmeric, coriander, paprika, cardamon, black pepper, cloves, cinnamon and nutmeg. Either saffron or orange or red food coloring are added to the dish after the rice has finished cooking to give the dish an orange color.

List of songs written by Charli XCX

English singer Charli XCX has written tracks on her studio albums, mixtapes, extended plays, and has written songs for other singers.

AFL Women's

The AFL Women's (AFLW) is the top women's Australian rules football league in Australia. In the first season (played between February and March 2017), there were only eight teams, but the league now has all 18 teams from the men's Australian Football League (AFL).

Notes

Zany Golf

Zany Golf (also known as Will Harvey's Zany Golf) is a miniature golf sports video game. It was published by Electronic Arts and was developed by Sandcastle Productions. The game was released on Dec 31, 1988 and was also later released as a port in 1990 for the Sega Genesis.

In the game, the player plays miniature golf on 9 types of crazy-themed courses. The game can be played either single player or with up to four people with players taking turns.

The game was given positive reviews from game critics. Critics said that they liked the presentation and said it was fun. However, they said that they did not like the low amount of courses to play.

Prince Emmanuel of Belgium

Prince Emmanuel of Belgium (Emmanuel Leopold Guillaume Francois Marie; born 4 October 2005) is the younger son and third child of King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium. He is currently third in line to the throne of Belgium after his elder sister, Princess Elisabeth, and brother, Prince Gabriel. 

Life

Emmanuel was born on 4 October 2005 at the Erasmus Hospital the teaching hospital Free University of Brussels. He was christened at the chapel of Ciergnon Castle in the Belgian Ardennes on 10 December 2005. His godparents were: his maternal aunt Countess Elisabeth d'Udekem d'Acoz (Margravine Pallavicini) and Guillaume, Hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg.

In September 2012, it was announced that Emmanuel left St John Berchmans College, Brussels, the school his siblings also attended, to enroll at the Eureka special school in Kessel-Lo. 

The school caters to children of normal intelligence and gifted children who have dyslexia which he has. In August 2020, it was reported that Emmanuel transferred to The International School of Brussels, an English-language private school in Watermael-Boitsfort, near Brussels, the same school his brother Gabriel attended from 2019 to 2021. 

Emmanuel likes to practice cycling, swimming, skiing, and sailing. 

He also plays the flute and saxophone. He speaks French, Dutch, and English. 

Title 

4 October 2005 His Royal Highness Prince Emmanuel of Belgium

House: Belgium 

Religion Roman Catholic
Princess Eléonore of Belgium

Princess Eleonore of Belgium (Eleonore Fabiola Victoria Anne Marie; born 16 April 2008) is the younger daughter and the youngest of four children of King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium. She is currently fourth in line to the throne of Belgium after her older siblings Princes Elisabeth, Duchess of Brabant, Prince Gabriel and Prince Emmanuel.

Life

Princess Eleonore was born on 16 April 2008 at 4:50 at the Erasmus Hospital, the teaching hospital of Free University of Brussels in Anderlecht. She is the twelfth and youngest grandchild of King Albert II and Queen Paola. She was baptized on 14 June 2008 in the chapel of Ciergnon Castle in the Belgian Ardennes, by Cardinal Godfried Danneels, the Archbishop of Mechelen-Brussels. Her godparents are: Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden, Princess Claire of Belgium, and Count Sebastien von Westphalen zu Furstenberg. 

Princess Eleonore attended primary school at the Dutch speaking school St John Berchmans College in central Brussels. As of September 2020, she attends Heilig Hart College, a Dutch language secondary school in the Wezembeek-Oppem. French and English are also part of her education, she lives with her parents, her sister Elisabeth and her two brothers Gabriel and Emmanuel at the Royal Palace of Laeken. 

Princess Eleonore plays the violin. She likes reading and drawing. She likes to practice cycling, swimming, skiing, and sailing. 

Title 

16 April 2008-present Her Royal Highness Princess Eleonore of Belgium 

House: Belgium 

Religion: Roman Catholic
Women's Australian rules football

Women's Australian rules football, also called women's football or women's footy, is the female version of Australian rules football. There are a few differences between the rules in the women's game to the rules of the men's game.

The main national competition is the AFL Women's (AFLW), and there are also several state and territory leagues for women, as well as some women's leagues overseas. The Women's Australian Football International Cup is the main international competition, which is played in Australia but Australia does not compete in it.

Usually, women's Australian rules football matches have a few different rules to the men's game, but the rules are still very similar.

These are some of the rule changes used in the AFLW:

VFL Women's

The VFL Women's (VFLW) is a semi-professional women's Australian rules football competition in the state of Victoria. It is the women's equivalent of the Victorian Football League (VFL).

Box Hill Hawks

The Box Hill Hawks are a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Box Hill, a suburb of Melbourne.

<poem>
"We're a happy team at Box Hill"
"We're the Mighty Fighting Hawks."
"We love our club and we play to win,"
"Riding the bumps with a grin at Box Hill."
"Come what may, you'll find us striving"
"Team work is the thing that talks,"
"One for all and all for one"
"Is the way we play at Box Hill."
"We are the Mighty Fighting Hawks!"
</poem>

Casey Demons

The Casey Demons, formerly called the Springvale Football Club and later the Casey Scorpions, are a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Cranbourne East, a suburb of Melbourne.

<poem>
It's a grand old flag, it's a high-flying flag,
It's the emblem for me and for you;
It's the emblem of the team we love,
The team of the red and the blue.
Every heart beats true for the red and the blue,
And we sing this song to you:
Should old acquaintance be forgot,
Keep your eye on the red and the blue!
</poem>

Coburg Football Club

The Coburg Football Club, nicknamed the Lions, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Coburg, a suburb of Melbourne.

<poem>
We're the Coburg pride, you know
All our coaches tell us so.
We're faster,
We're stronger,
We'll dominate you,
We're triers,
We're flyers,
We're the team of red and blue.
And when we reach that final four,
Then we'll kick those goals galore
Then you'll hear those Lions roar
Oh yes, Coburg will be there!
</poem>

Frankston Football Club

The Frankston Football Club, nicknamed the Dolphins, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Frankston, a suburb of Melbourne.

Northern Bullants

The Northern Bullants, formerly known as the Preston Football Club and later the Northern Blues, are a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Preston, a suburb of Melbourne.

Port Melbourne Football Club

The Port Melbourne Football Club, nicknamed the Borough, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Port Melbourne, a suburb of Melbourne.

Sandringham Football Club

The Sandringham Football Club, nicknamed the Zebras, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Sandringham, a suburb of Melbourne.

Werribee Football Club

The Werribee Football Club, nicknamed the Tigers, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Werribee, a suburb of Melbourne.

Williamstown Football Club

The Williamstown Football Club, nicknamed the Seagulls, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL). The club is based in Williamstown, a suburb of Melbourne.

Southport Australian Football Club

The Southport Australian Football Club, nicknamed the Sharks, is a professional Australian rules football club that plays in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and the Queensland Australian Football League (QAFL). The club is based in Southport, a suburb of the Gold Coast.

Kensuke Tanabe

Tanabe first started at Nintendo in 1987, where he directed the video game "Yume Kojo: Doki Doki Panic" before moving on to work on "Super Mario Bros. 2". Tanabe has also worked on the "The Legend of Zelda" series, writing for "" in 1991 and "" in 1993. He is also known for his work on the "Kirby", "Metroid", and "Paper Mario" series.

Revista Oficial Nintendo

Revista Oficial Nintendo was a monthly Nintendo news and video game strategy magazine in Spain. It was also known by its former name Nintendo Acción until December 2011. It ran from December 1992 until December 17, 2018. The first issue, released in December 1992, spotlighted the SNES game "Super Mario Kart". During the height of the "Pokémon" craze in the 1990s, "Nintendo Acción" would attach a booklet called "Pokémon Magazine" to their magazine. In it, they would talk about Pokémon news, provide guides and show fan drawings. They stopped making it in 2012.

The last issue was in December 2012, spotlighting the Nintendo Switch game port "New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe".


MAT-49

The MAT-49 is a submachine gun of French origin used by the French army from the 1950s to the 1980s, and manufactured by Manufacture Nationale d'Armes de Tulle (MAT). It was used in the Indochina and Vietnam wars. It was a compact weapon that had a retractable wire stock; in addition, its magazine could be folded parallel to the barrel (which facilitated its use by paratroopers and tankers). In 9mm caliber, it had a magazine with capacity for 32 cartridges, a rate of fire of 600 rounds per minute and fired with the bolt open. A version with a fixed wooden stock and longer barrel was also produced.
Blacktown

Blacktown is a suburb in the City of Blacktown in New South Wales, Australia. The suburb has a population of 11,812 people according to the 2021 census.

Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead

Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead is a 1995 American crime comedy thriller movie directed by first time director Gary Felder. It was titled after the 1991 song by Warren Zevon and was taken from his ninth studio album "Mr. Bad Example". It stars Andy Garcia, Christopher Lloyd, Treat Williams, William Forsythe, Steve Buscemi, Jack Warden, Gabrielle Anwar, Christopher Walken, Bill Cobbs, Stephen Root and Glenn Plummer. It was distributed by Miramax Films and was a box office bomb.


Ansar al-Sham

Ansar al-Sham is a Sunni militant group active in the Syrian Civil War, and it mainly fights against the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) and its allies. It was founded by Abu-Omar al-Jamil, who fought in Afghanistan against the Soviet Union. The group allows both foreign fighters and local Syrian people to join the group and the group is described to be made up of people who left the SAA, shopkeepers, and farmers.

Nintendo Space World

Nintendo Space World was a yearly trade show hosted by Nintendo. It was also known by its former names Shoshinkai and Famicom Space World. It ran from 1989 until 2001. There was not a convention in 1998 because Nintendo wasn't able to show enough new games for the 64DD.

Nintendo would use these events to show new games that they were working on, as well as new consoles and other news. Some things that were announced at these conventions were never released, like the Super Mario 128 project.

The last convention was held from August 24–26, 2001. During the convention, the upcoming GameCube was shown alongside the recently released Game Boy Advance. A clip from "" was also shown. The "Wind Waker" clip recieved backlash from people who didn't like the cel-shaded art style the game was in.


Antonio Onofri

Antonio Onofri (1759 – 26 February 1825) was a politician and diplomat of the Republic of San Marino, and recognition as "the Father of his country". And he was Captains Regent
Ken Mellons

Kenneth Edward Mellons (born July 10, 1965) is an American country music artist.


Next Generation (magazine)

Next Generation was an American monthly video game magazine. It ran from January 1995 until January 2002. The magazine was produced in Brisbane, California. The first issue, released in January 1995, spotlighted the gaming industry and featured the 3DO, Atari Jaguar, Sega Saturn, PlayStation, and Nintendo 64. 

Unlike a lot of other video game magazines, "Next Generation" would mainly focus on the gaming industry and consoles rather than on singular games.

The last issue was in January 2002, with the main feature being a review of the recently released Xbox console and it's lineup of games. 

Computer and Video Games

Computer and Video Games (also known as CVG) was a UK monthly video game magazine and website. It ran from November 1981 until October 2004. After 2004, the magazine was entirely moved online to their website. Their website ran from August 1999 until it was shut down on 26 February 2015. The magazine was produced in London, England. The first issue, released in January 1995, spotlighted "Space Invaders". The last issue was in October 2004, with the main feature being a review of "Need for Speed Underground 2".

Before being bought out by GamesRadar, "CVG" used to host the Golden Joystick Awards, the longest running gaming awards. They started the awards in 1982 and it still runs today.

On 16 April 2008, the magazine was revived under the name CVG Presents. It was released bi-weekly and would mainly focus on one subject. The spotlight of the first edition was on the "Grand Theft Auto" series. No new issue has been released since 2009.


