2022 Massachusetts gubernatorial election

The 2022 Massachusetts gubernatorial election happened on November 8, 2022, to elect the governor of Massachusetts. The main two candidates were Maura Healey, of the Democratic Party, and Geoff Diehl, of the Republican Party. The then Governor, Charlie Baker did not run for a third term (even though he was allowed and not term limited), for reasons that remain unclear. Kim Driscoll and Leah Cole Allen were the running mates for Healey and Diehl respectively. Healey and Driscoll ended up winning the election by a sizable margin, and Healey became the first Democrat to be elected governor of Massachusetts since Deval Patrick in 2010, as well as the first female elected to be governor in Massachusetts. 

Diehl's campaign was marked by the endorsement of one man, Donald Trump. Trump made controversial statements about Diehl on the campaign trail, which was seen as many as the downfall of Diehl's campaign, and the Massachusetts Republican Party in general. With this victory, Healey secured a Democratic trifecta in government.

Geoff Diehl

Geoffrey G. Diehl is an American Republican politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. He is best known for his runs in both the 2018 United States Senate election in Massachusetts, and in the 2022 Massachusetts gubernatorial election, both of which were unsuccessful.

Hailing from Austin, Texas and graduating at Lehigh College in Pennsylvania, Diehl was a member of the Democratic Party until around 2009, when he switched to the Republican Party. In his first electoral run, he beat then Massachusetts House member Allen McCarthy for the 7th Plymouth seat, before winning reelection two more times. When Thomas Kennedy, a sitting Massachusetts Senate member, died, Diehl ran for his seat in the special election, before falling to Michael Brady.

Diehl is a Trump Republican, and ran on a Pro Trump platform in both of his notable electoral runs. Since Massachusetts is one of the most Anti Trump states in the United States, it heavily damaged his campaigns, and led to his defeat twice.

Bight (geography)

A bight in geography refers to a concave bend or curvature in a coastline, river, or other geographical feature, or it may refer to a very open bay formed by such a feature. Bights are typically broad, open, shallow, and only slightly recessed, and they are shallower than sounds. They may pose hazards to navigation and are clearly marked on nautical charts. The term is derived from Old English byht, meaning "bend, angle, corner; bay, bight.

Trump Republican

A Trump Republican is a member of the Republican Party in the United States who supports the policies and beliefs of Donald Trump, the fourty fifth President of the United States. Trump Republicans tend to be some of the most conservative members of the Republican Party in not only the general public, but also in Congress, with the House of Representatives in particular having some of the most notable Trumpist Republicans (such as Matt Gaetz, Marjorie Taylor Greene, etc.).

Susannah Whipps

Susannah M. Whipps (formerly known as Susannah Whipps Lee) is a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, first sworn in on January 7, 2015. Elected to the Massachusetts House as a Republican, she eventually switched to being an independent, and is the only independent in all of the Massachusetts legislature.

Whipps serves on the Joint Committee on Mental Health and Substance Abuse, Joint Committee on Municipalities and Regional Government, Joint Committee on Elder Affairs, and the Joint Committee on State Administration and Regulatory Oversight. She also serves on the Statewide Taskforce on Child Sexual Abuse Prevention. Whipps is a co-owner of Whipps, Inc. a local stainless-steel equipment manufacturer.


Vanessa Ferlito

Vanessa Ferlito is an American actress. She is known for playing Detective Aiden Burn in the first season of the CBS crime drama CSI: NY, as well as for her recurring portrayal of Claudia Hernandez in FOX drama 24, and for her starring roles as FBI Agent Charlie DeMarco in the USA Network series Graceland and as Tammy Gregorio on the CBS crime drama series NCIS: New Orleans. She has also appeared in a number of films, including Spider-Man 2 (2004), Shadowboxer (2005), Man of the House (2005), Gridiron Gang (2006), Death Proof (2007), Nothing like the Holidays (2008), Madea Goes to Jail (2009), Julie & Julia (2009), Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps (2010), and Stand Up Guys (2012).
Vanessa Ferlito - Biography - IMDb

Spicks and Specks (song)

"Spicks and Specks" is a 1966 song written by Bee Gees and is the title track to their second studio album "Spicks and Specks". It topped the single charts in New Zealand and Australia, number 56 in Japan and number 2 in the Netherlands.

Hinds, New Zealand

Hinds is a small town in the Ashburton District, New Zealand. It is situated on State Highway 1 with Ashburton and Tinwald in the north, Timaru in the south and Geraldine in the southwest. It has a primary school that opened in January 1881.

Maramarua

Maramarua is a small town in the north-eastern Waikato region. State Highway 2 runs through the settlement and has one of the highest crash rates in the country and has a primary school.

Arundel, New Zealand

Arundel is a small settlement in the Timaru District, New Zealand. It is situated 15 kilometers north of Geraldine and east of Peel Forest. It is located on the southern side of the Rangitata River and has a timberyard in the village and is in the Carew Peel Forest school zone.

Wolfgang Breuer

Wolfgang Breuer (24 May 1944) is a former German football player. He played as striker. During his time in Innsbruck he won the championship and the cup 1972-73. He also was top scorer with 22 goals. From 1965 to 1980 he scored 247 goals for FC Bayern Hof, Wacker Innsbruck and SpVgg Bayreuth 
Wolfgang Breuer went through all age groups of Tuspo Bayreuth's youth department. In the 1965/66 season Breuer moved from B league team Tuspo Bayreuth to FC Bayern Hof in the Regionalliga Süd. After refusing offers from Bayern Munich, 1. FC Cologne, VfB Stuttgart and 1. FC Kaiserslautern he moved to Austria to Wacker Innsbruck. In the 1972/73 season he became champion and cup winner in Austria. With 22 goals he was also top scorer of the league. 1974 he moved to SpVgg Bayreuth. Breuer played his last game on 29 May 1982 in the home game against SC Freiburg.

Professionally, Wolfgang Breuer worked for the Bayreuth city administration for 29 years. Even during his football career he was always working. It was not possible to make a living through football alone at Bayern Hof or at SpVgg Bayreuth.

Juliet (Robin Gibb song)

"Juliet" is a 1983 song by Robin Gibb and is the leading single from his second studio album "How Old Are You?". It went to number 94 in the United States, number 1 in Switzerland, Italy and Germany, number 14 in the Netherlands and number 2 in Austria. It was very popular in Europe.

Before He Cheats

"Before He Cheats" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her debut studio album, "Some Hearts" (2005).

The music video for "Before He Cheats" was directed by Roman White.

It made history on CMT's Top Twenty Countdown for being at number one for consecutive five weeks.

Two Black Cadillacs

"Two Black Cadillacs" is a 2012 song by country artist Carrie Underwood and is the third single from her fourth studio album "Blown Away". It went to number 41 in the United States and number 52 in Canada. It also went to number 4 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 3 on the Canadian Country charts.

Sheffield, New Zealand

Sheffield (formerly known as Malvern) is a small town in the Selwyn District and is on State Highway 73 and has a neighbouring village Waddington beside it. It is situated 13 kilometers west of Darfield and 10 kilometers east of Springfield. It has a primary school that merged with three small schools in 1949 and the local hotel was burnt down in September 2021.

2025 MotoGP World Championship

The 2025 FIM MotoGP World Championship will be the premier class of the 77th F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship season.

All teams use series-specified Michelin tyres.

Durag Activity

"Durag Activity" (wrote in all lowercase) is a song by American rappers Baby Keem and Travis Scott, released on April 30, 2021, by Columbia Records and PGLang as one of the singles from Keem's first studio album "The Melodic Blue" (2021). The song was written by Keem and Scott with producer Brick!.

The song was announced by Baby Keem on April 21, 2021, before it was released in April 30.

In May 2021, Madonna posted a photo of herself wearing a bandana with "durag activity" in the captions on Twitter. Keem responded to the post with, "...Can I send you a Durag?" and then he said, "did I humble Madonna?"

Wongo Okon of Uproxx describes the song as Baby Keem "leading the way with near-mumble raps" before Travis Scott "arrives with his trademark autotune croons (style)". In the song, Baby Keem and Travis Scott talk about "money, influence, and women in their lives", which they describe as "durag activity", over a "clicking, slinking" beat. "Distorted piano chords" can also be heard in the instrumental.

Sophie Caraan of "Hypebeast" said, "The effortless (easy) delivery from both Keem and Scott provide a new layer of texture for the bars they drop (lyrics) — which are mostly about getting rich — and almost gives it a new meaning, putting emphasis on the importance fusion of flow, cadence and lyricism." Erika Marie of "HotNewHipHop" called the song "laid back" and "slow-burning".

The music video for the song was released on April 30, 2021. Directed by Eliel Ford, it shows Baby Keem as a mob boss and opens with him in a suit, rapping his verse while someone in the background is beat up. After "laying hands on an enemy", Keem gets tied to a chair with Travis Scott, but they "get out the situation".

Charles Monck, 4th Viscount Monck

Charles Stanley Monck, 4th Viscount MonckGCMG PC (10 October 1819 – 29 November 1894) was an Irish politician who served as the last governor-general of the Province of Canada and the first Governor General of Canada after Canadian Confederation.

Pirita

Pirita can be


Big Lots

Big Lots is an American discount retail chain. It is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, United States. It traces its history back to 1967 when Consolidated Stores Corporation was formed in Ohio by Sol Shenk. It has 1,426 stores.

Topo Chico

Topo Chico is a brand of sparkling mineral water from Mexico. has been sourced from and bottled in Monterrey, Mexico since 1895. The drink takes its name from the mountain Cerro del Topo Chico in Monterrey. It is both naturally carbonated at the source and artificially carbonated.
Grey catbird

The Gray catbird (Dumetella carolinensis), (also spelled grey catbird), is a medium sized North American and Central American bird. It is the only member of the "catbird" genus Dumetella. It is the basal lineages of the Mockingbird family, closely related to the thrasher and tremblers then the mockingbirds. In some areas it is known as the slate-colored mockingbird.

Longhorn Network

Longhorn Network is an American regional sports network. It is owned as a joint venture between The University of Texas at Austin, ESPN and Learfield, and is operated by ESPN. It was launched on August 26, 2011. It focuses on the Texas Longhorns varsity sports teams of the University of Texas at Austin.

Tri-State Christian Television

Tri-State Christian Television is a religious television network in the United States. It was founded in May 1977 by spouses Garth and Tina Coonce. includes traditional televangelism, talk shows, children-oriented programming, southern gospel music, and feature films with Christian themes.

Tick Tock

Tick tock, tic toc or Tik Tok may refer to:


List of bishops, prince-bishops, and administrators of Minden

This list records the bishops

Thietmar of Minden 1185–1206

Franz von Waldeck 1530–1553

Julius, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg 1553–1554

Henry Julius, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg 1582–1585

Christian, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg 1599–1625

Franz Wilhelm von Wartenberg 1631–1648

The Prince-Bishopric was converted into a heritable monarchy, the Principality of Minden, ruled in personal union by the House of Hohenzollern in Brandenburg

Rainy Dayz

"Rainy Dayz" is a 2002 song by Mary J. Blige featuring Ja Rule and was taken from her fifth studio album "No More Drama". It went to number 12 in the United States, number 17 in the United Kingdom, number 29 in Scotland and Australia, number 25 in Ireland and number 13 in the Netherlands.

CD 1

CD 2

Salil al-Sawarim

Salil al-Sawarim or Saleel al-Sawarim (Clashing of the Swords) is a song made for ISIS in 2014 and is commonly used in their propaganda and used in videos about terrorism. The lyrics of the song talk about bloodshed, martyrdom and war. The song was produced by the Ajnad Foundation, with the recitation of the lyrics recited by Abu Yasir (ra).The song is mainly featured in their beheading videos and other propaganda. The music is also commonly removed from video streaming platforms such as the Internet Archive or Vine.

The lyrics of the song are below:

On Deadly Ground

On Deadly Ground is a 1994 American action adventure movie directed by first time director Steven Seagal (who also stars) and also starring Michael Caine, Billy Bob Thornton, Joan Chen, R. Lee Ermey, Shari Shattuck, Mike Starr, Stephen Root. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and won a Razzie for worst directing in 1995.


The Wicker Man (song)

"The Wicker Man" is a 2000 song by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden and is the leading single from their 12th studio album "Brave New World". It is titled after the 1973 movie "The Wicker Man" and went to number 9 in the United Kingdom, Norway and Scotland, number 1 in Greece, number 11 in Finland, number 4 in Canada, number 3 in Italy, number 35 in Ireland and number 5 in Spain and Sweden.

Standard edition

Limited edition disc 1

Limited edition disc 2

12-inch picture disc LP

Springfield, New Zealand

Springfield called Kowai Pass until 1880 is a small town in the Selwyn District, New Zealand. It is situated west of Sheffield and Annat and is the major route to the skifields and the West Coast. In May 2021, Springfield suffered from record amounts of rainfall. It has the donut from the Simpsons and the primary school opened in 1872.

Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves

Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves (Arabic: علي بابا والأربعون لصا) is a middle eastern folktale in Arabic. It was added to "One Thousand and One Nights" in the 18th century. Many different versions of the story have been told till now in various languages, with some differences in title and details.

The tale was introduced to the collection in 18th-century by a French translator named Antoine Galland, who used to study the language, culture, history, or customs of countries in Asia. He wrote the tale from the oral traditions of a Syrian Maronite storyteller Hanna Diyab. It was not a part of the original collection which was in Arabic version, but was instead added to the collection later on by Antoine Galland after he heard it from Hanna Diyab during Diyab's visit to Paris in 1709.
Years ago, two brothers named Ali baba and Cassim (also spelled Qasim) lived in Persia. After the death of their father, who was a merchant; both the brothers together managed their father's business. Elder brother Cassim was very greedy. He took over the entire business in a wrong way and threw Alibaba out of the house. After this, Ali baba went to some colony and started living a life of poverty in a hut with his wife. He used to go to the forest every day, cut wood and sell it in the market to earn his living.

One day, while Ali baba was cutting wood in the forest, he overhear a group of 40 thieves who were coming to their secret location with bundles of gold coins. Seeing this he understood that all of them were thieves. Ali baba hid behind a tree and started watching them. The leader of the thieves stood in front of a cave and said, "open sesame"; After this, the door of that cave opened up and all the 40 thieves went inside that cave. While going inside, the last thief said, "close seasame", and the door of the cave closed.

When the thieves and their leader left the cave, Ali baba went to the cave himself and chanted the same words, "open seasame" on which the door opened up. Ali baba then takes a single bag of gold coins to his home. After going home, Ali baba told his wife about this whole story. His wife was surprised to see so many Ashrafis-"(name of local money in Arabic)" together and sat down to count them. Then Alibaba said that there are so many gold coins that it would take whole night to count them. He dig a hole and hide the gold, so that no one suspects them. Ali baba's wife said - We cannot count them, but I can weigh them for an estimate.

Ali Baba's wife ran to Cassim's house and asked his wife for scales to weigh the wheat. Seeing this, Cassim's wife became suspicious of him. She wondered how these poor people suddenly had so much wheat. She went inside and after putting some glue under the scale, she gave it to her.

At night, Ali baba's wife weighed all the Ashrafis and returned their scales early in the morning. When Cassim's wife turned the scale upside down, there was a gold coin stuck on it. She told this to her husband. Cassim and his wife became very angry. Both of them did not sleep the whole night. As soon as the morning came, Cassim went to Alibaba's house and started asking him about the source of his money. Hearing this, Alibaba said that you have some misunderstanding. I am just a simple woodcutter. Cassim said that your wife had taken the scales from our house yesterday to weigh the "ashrafis". Look, this gold coin has been found stuck on the scale. Tell me the whole truth or I will tell everyone that you are a theif. Hearing this, Ali baba told the whole story truthfully.

Cassim got greedy in his mind. He made a plan to grab that treasure and reached the cave the next day. He also took a donkey with him, so that he could load the treasure on it. After reaching the cave, he did as Ali baba had told him. As soon as he said 'Open seasame', the door of the cave opened. After reaching inside, he was very shocked to see the treasure all around. He filled the sacks with gold coins but forgot what to say while going out.

Cassim made many attempts to get out of the cave, but could not find any way. He gets imprisoned inside the cave. After some time, when the gang of thieves reached there, they saw that a donkey was tied outside. They understand that someone has come here. The thieves went inside and the moment they find Cassim, they kill him.

When his brother does not come back, Ali baba goes to the cave to look for him, and finds the body quartered and with each piece displayed just inside the cave's entrance, as a warning to anyone else who might try to enter.

Ali baba brings the corpse home and buried it, declaring it a natural death without telling anyone. At the request of Cassim's wife, Ali baba and his wife start taking over Cassim's business and start living with her.

The thieves, finding the body gone, realize that another person must have known their secret, and so, they set sent one of the thief to track him down. He goes to the village and finds out in a few days whose house has died. The thieves find Ali baba's house. The thief put a cross mark outside his house, so that it would be easier for them to recognize his house at night. At the same time, when Ali baba saw the cross mark outside his house, he understood that the thieves had found the house. He put a similar sign outside everyone's house. When the thieves came at night, they became confused after seeing such marks on everyone's house and went back.

The leader of thieves was not one to sit quietly. He sent his men to that locality to find out who had recently become rich there. From this he came to know about Ali baba. He recognized her house well and reached her house at night disguised as an oil merchant. He took with him 40 oil casks, of which 39 contained thieves and one cask contained oil. He thought that when everyone would sleep at night, they would all together kill Ali baba. He befriended Ali baba and asked permission to stay at his house for the night. Ali baba fed him and allowed him to stay for the night. Morgiana (Arabic: مرجانة Murjāna), a clever slave-girl from Cassim's household discovers the plan, killing the 38 thieves in their oil jars by pouring boiling oil on them. When their leader comes to call his men, he discovers they are all dead so he escapes. The next morning, Morgiana tells Ali baba about the thieves in the jars. They bury them, and Ali Baba shows his gratitude by giving Morgiana her freedom.

Now, Ali baba was the only owner of all the treasures of those forty thieves as well as of his father's business. He had become the richest man in the country and started living happily with his wife and children.


Philautus thamyridion

Philautus thamyridion is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have seen it between 911 and 1946 meters above sea level in Sumatra.

Cigarette smoking for weight loss

Cigarette smoking for weight loss is a method of losing weight by consuming tobacco usually in the form of cigarettes to decrease their appetite. Tobacco smoking was seen as related to decreasing appetite by Native Americans and Old World Europeans. Many cigarette companies also made connections between smoking and slimness mainly in advertisements targeting females. 
Nicotine is shown as unhealthy by public health professionals even though it is an appetite suppressant. Nicotine also influences a person's eating habits and what they eat. A study on nicotine's effects showed that nicotine decreased blood pressure, heart rate, and fat. Nicotine gum is also commonly used instead of cigarettes for weight loss and is commonly prescribed by health professionals. Nicotine also lowers insulin levels which reduces and eventually removes the want for food high in fructose. Furthermore, Nicotine helps burn off calories during exercise as well and makes you feel full which can prevent illnesses like diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome.

Travelling Riverside Blues

"Travelling Riverside Blues" is song by blues singer Robert Johnson. It was recorded in 1937 during his last session and went unreleased until its inclusion on his 1961 album "King of the Delta Blues Singers".

In 1969, Led Zeppelin recorded "Travelling Riverside Blues" for the BBC studios session at Aeolian Hall during their 1969 UK tour. It went to number 7 on the Billboard Top Rock charts and made #57 in Canada.

Lonely Boy (The Black Keys song)

"Lonely Boy" is a 2011 song by The Black Keys and is the leading single from their seventh studio album "El Camino". It is one of their most successful songs from the band and went to number 64 in the United States, number 80 in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands and number 33 in Canada. It won 2 Grammy Awards in 2013.

How Old Are You? (Robin Gibb song)

"How Old Are You?" is a 1983 song by Robin Gibb and is the title track to his second studio album "How Old Are You?". It went to number 93 in the United Kingdom and number 37 in Germany.

Yunus Emre

Yunus Emre () also known as Derviş Yûnus (Yûnus the Dervish) (1238–1320) was a Turkish folk poet and Sufi who left a great impact on Turkish literature from his time to ours. He was one of the first known poets to write in Old Anatolian Turkish - after Sultan Walad "(eldest son of Rumi)."

He was a popular poet who died at the age of eighty. Turkish researchers believe that he was born and lived in a village called Sarıköy near Sivrihisar. He used to write in Old Anatolian Turkish language.

Yunus Emre's poems, with their simplicity - to some level - are proof of his skill in describing difficult Sufi concepts in a clear way. His collection of poems, called the "Divan", was compiled after his death. Yunus Emre's most important book is "Risaletu’n Nushiyye". He remains a well known figure in a number of countries, from Azerbaijan to the Balkans to Pakistan, with seven different nations or places talking about having the honor of his grave within their borders. His poems, written in the tradition of Anatolian folk poetry, were primarily focused on divine love as well as human destiny. Some of the lines from his poem reads:
"My name is Yunus Emre.
Every passing day fuels my fire (i.e.: my longing). What I want in both worlds is one thing (i.e.: the home of this world and the home of the hereafter).
You are the one I need.. (i.e.: Allah Almighty)""

"Why are you afraid of death (Oh people)? Don’t be afraid! You will live forever (in afterlife)

a poem about Prophet Muhammad, Ali, Hasan and Husayn:

Some of his life journey is shown in "" which is a fictional drama that ran for two seasons and 44 episodes. It was Premiered in 2015 on Turkish National Television (TRT). The series goes deep into the life of Yunus Emre. It was created by Mehmet Bozdağ who is well known for his historical-fictional series. The series had Gökhan Atalay as Yunus Emre, The series was met with positive response from around the world.

Apart from this television series, Yunus Emre's life has also been portrayed in few turkish movies and in a song.

Wolfgang Gayer

Wolfgang Gayer (9 January 1943) is a former German football player and coach. He played as midfielder. In the 1964-65 season while playing for Wiener Sport-Club he became top scorer of the Austrian league.
After the beginning with SC Neckarstadt Gayer played in Austria for Wiener Sport-Club from 1963 to 1966. In the 1964-65 season he was top scorer in the league with 18 goals. 1967 he became Southwest champion with Borussia Neunkirchen. They won the promotion round. There he scored 7 goals in 8 matches. Neunkirchen was promoted to the Bundesliga. After Borussia's direct relegation from the Bundesliga in 1967/68, he played another season at Wiener SC. There he scored 15 goals in 1968/69 and reached the the cup final. 

1969 he moved to Hertha BSC. He was in the team that lost 0-1 against Arminia Bielefeld. After the match, the players accepted money for the loss. Because of his involvement in the Bundesliga scandal, Gayer was banned in June 1972 and pardoned in November 1973. During this time he played in South Africa for Durban City FC and Hellenic FC. With Durban he became champion.

When he came back to Germany he played for TSV 1860 Munich until the end of the 1973/74 season.Then he moved again to Austria and played for LASK . In 1980 he ended his professional career.
In 1978 he was caretaker coach of LASK. In the 2000s he worked as a coach at FC Adria Mannheim. Afterwards, he worked for the Polizei SV Mannheim police for a few years . Then he was coach of SSV Vogelstang. 

Yunusemre, Mihalıçcık

Yunusemre (former name: Saru) is a neighbourhood of the municipality and district of Mihalıççık, Eskişehir Province, Turkey. It is named after the great Turkish poet Yunus Emre (1238–1320) whose tomb is in the town.

Yunusemre is situated along the Porsuk River and the railroad connecting Ankara to Istanbul. It is 100 kilometres (62 mi) east of Eskişehir.

Ibrahim Iskandar of Johor

Sultan Ibrahim ibni Almarhum Sultan Iskandar (Jawi: سلطان إبراهيم ابن المرحوم سلطان إسکندر; born 22 November 1958) is the seventeenth and current Yang di-Pertuan Agong (King of Malaysia). He is also the 5th Sultan of Modern Johor since ascending to the throne following the death of his father, Sultan Iskandar in 2010.

Alpha-amylase

α-Amylase is an enzyme. It breaks down (hydrolyses) the bonds of large α-linked polysaccharides, such as starch and glycogen. This gives shorter chains of dextrin and maltose.

It is the main form of amylase in humans and other mammals. It is also present in seeds containing starch as a food reserve, and is secreted by many fungi. 

Many people have more than one α-Amylase because they have tandem repeats of the gene. That shows how important the gene became to humans in their relatively recent evolution..

A diastase is any enzyme which breaks down starch.

Aarani district

Aarani district is one of the 39 districts of Tamil Nadu. The district's capital, Aarani, is one of the smallest in Tamil Nadu.

It is in the heart region of the state. The area of the district is 4,404 square kilometers. The population of the district is 27,22,290.

Pinocchio paradox

The Pinocchio Paradox, considered a spinoff of the classic Liar paradox, has used the fictional character, Pinocchio.

In the fairy tales, Whenever Pinocchio says a lie, his nose grows, and since then people have thought of a paradox that fits it. The Paradox states that Pinocchio says, "My nose will grow now!" and since he can't magically grow a nose, it would grow, right? Well, then it wouldn't grow because then his statement would be true, and it wouldn't grow, but by not growing, it's a lie and it's supposed to grow and the cycle repeats. The paradox was invented by Veronique Eldridge Smith, who thought of it as a counter-example to the Liar paradox.

Pinocchio's nose is a paradoxical bit, but we can put an end to this paradox, by simply assuming that what Pinocchio said is a false prediction. Pinocchio said that his nose would grow, but what he said is only a false assumption, and merely just a guess.

Plant cuticle

A plant cuticle is a protective cover on the outer skin of leaves, young shoots, and other parts of plants that grow above the ground. 

It is made of lipids and hydrocarbon polymers mixed with wax. The plant's skin cells make it. The plant cuticle can be removed from the rest of the plant by using enzymes like pectinase and cellulose.

The plant cuticle is one of the things that plants developed over 450 million years ago when they moved from life in water to life on land. Along with other features like stomata, xylem and phloem, and spaces between cells, the cuticle helps plants save water. It acts like a waterproof covering, protecting the places where gases are moved. The stomatal guard cells, a kind of control mechanism, manage how much water evaporates and how much carbon dioxide gets exchanged.

The cuticle is made up of a tough membrane filled with waxes. The main part of this membrane is a polyester polymer called cutin, made of special acids. Another component is a non-saponifiable hydrocarbon polymer called cutan. The membrane is loaded with waxes, and there are additional waxes on top of it, which are a mix of hydrophobic compounds. These compounds are often long chains of carbon atoms.

Cuticular wax mainly consists of compounds derived from very-long-chain fatty acids (VLCFAs), like aldehydes, alcohols, alkanes, ketones, and esters. There are also other compounds not derived from VLCFAs, like terpenoids, flavonoids, and sterols.

The process of making cuticular wax involves the creation of long acyl chains in chloroplasts, followed by extending these chains in the endoplasmic reticulum of epidermal cells. An important helper in this process is the fatty acid elongase (FAE) complex.

To create cuticular wax, VLCFAs undergo two main pathways: an acyl reduction pathway and a decarbonylation pathway. In the acyl reduction pathway, VLCFAs turn into primary alcohols, which can then become wax esters through a wax synthase. In the decarbonylation pathway, aldehydes change into alkanes and can further transform into secondary alcohols and ketones. The process ends with transporting the wax components from the endoplasmic reticulum to the surface of the epidermis.

In certain plants, especially in moss and vascular plants, having a protective cuticle from the parent plant helps the new plants survive better. In flowering plants, the cuticle is usually thicker on the upper side of the leaf, but not always. Plants in dry areas have more even cuticle thickness compared to plants in wet areas.

Besides preventing water loss, the cuticle also acts as a defence. It makes a barrier that stops viruses, bacteria, and fungi from getting in.

Triangle choke

A triangle choke, or sankaku-jime in judo, is a type of Choke hold that encircles the other person's neck and one arm using your legs. This resembles the shape of a triangle. When pressure is applied using the legs and the other persons shoulder, the blood flow from the carotid artery to the brain is constricted, resulting in a loss of consciousness. On average, it will take 9.5 seconds for the other person to lose consciousness when the choke is applied. This choke is also commonly used in jujutsu and Brazilian jiu-jitsu.

The triangle choke is usually applied from the guard position, where you are controlling the opponent with your legs. However, the choke can also be applied from different mounting positions.

Windows Nashville

Nashville was a cancelled OS by Microsoft, It was named as Windows 96. and it seems similar to Windows 2000 and Windows NT 4.0 They are for work.

Not to be confused with Mikesoft Windows 96 (Parody)

And there isn't much information about Windows Nashville.

Eli Stone

Eli Stone is an American legal comedy-drama television series, named for its title character. It was created by Greg Berlanti and Marc Guggenheim, who also served as executive producers alongside Ken Olin who directed the pilot, with Melissa Berman producing. The series ran on ABC from January 31, 2008 to July 11, 2009, for two seasons. 

Gray Television

Gray Television is an American publicly traded television broadcasting company. It is based in Atlanta, Georgia. It was founded in 1946 by James Harrison Gray as Gray Communications Systems. It owns or operates 180 stations across the United States in 113 markets.

Sale of the Century

Sale of the Century is an American television game show. It originally debuted on September 29, 1969, on NBC daytime. It was one of three NBC game shows to premiere on that date, the other two being the short-lived game shows Letters to Laugh-In and Name Droppers. The game consists of contestants answering general knowledge questions. At certain points during the game, the player currently in the lead is offered an "Instant Bargain", a prize to keep regardless of the game's outcome, in exchange for a certain amount deducted from that contestant's score.

Sprinkles

Sprinkles are small pieces of confectionery used as an often colourful decoration or to add texture to desserts such as brownies, cupcakes, doughnuts or ice cream. The tiny candies are produced in a variety of colors and are generally used as a topping or a decorative element. The "Dictionary of American Regional English" defines them as "tiny balls or rod-shaped bits of candy used as a topping for ice-cream, cakes and other."

Vershawn Ashanti Young

Vershawn Ashanti Young (also known as Dr. Vay) is a researcher of language and performance. Young is known for encouraging "code-meshing" instead of code-switching. His research shows that it is not good for people to have to speak and write in a different way at work or at school than they write and speak at home. Young argues that when schools require "Standard English" it can be harmful to students of those schools. Instead, professional and school writing should include culture-specific communication styles.

Young is a professor of Black Studies at the University of Waterloo. Young works in two departments at the university: the Department of Communication Arts and the Department of English Language and Literature. He specializes in African American English. He also studies how ideas about gender appear in language. 

He was born on a unknown date to his mother Dorothy Jean Young as his father Richard Curtis Moore had left him due to unknown circumstances. His mother completed college and graduate school when he was a child. She taught him to love reading. Reading books made it hard to make friends. His school did not expect him to succeed because he was a black person. He later discovered that he could get better grades by "acting white," but then his black classmates would not like him. He had to find his own way of behaving because he did not fit in anywhere.

Young grew up in the Horner Projects in Chicago. He went to college. Then he completed law school at Mitchell Hamline College of Law and got a Ph.D. in English from the University of Illinois Chicago.

Young taught English and Drama in a Chicago high school. He thought the school wanted him to teach Black students to act white. But he wanted students to do good academic work in their own style of language. 

Young became a school principal. He began doing some work at the University of Illinois Chicago. He was teaching other school principals. Classes at the university were free for university employees. He decided to get his Ph.D. in English because it did not cost money. He liked university work a lot. 

Young has been a professor at the University of Iowa and the University of Kentucky. He is now a professor in the Department of Communication Arts and the Department of English Language and Literature at the University of Waterloo. He chaired the Convention of the Conference on College Composition and Communication in 2019. 

He also writes and performs one-man shows.

Wonder Girl (Cassie Sandsmark)

Wonder Girl (real name Cassandra "Cassie" Sandsmark) is a fictional superheroine from the DC Comics and its universe. She is the daughter of the Greek God Zeus and Dr. Helena Sandsmark, and is the second person to hold the "Wonder Girl" title, the first being Donna Troy. However, in the New 52, Wonder Girl is the granddaughter to Zeus, and her aunt is the superheroine Wonder Woman. Wonder Girl is also a prominent member of the superhero teams Teen Titans and Young Justice.

She was created by John Byrne, and first appeared in "Wonder Woman Vol 2 #105" in January of 1996.

Yara Flor

Yara Flor is a fictional superheroine from DC Comics. She is an Amazon-Guarani hybrid who is one of the few heroines to use the identity of Wonder Girl. In Future State, she is depicted as being the next Wonder Woman in an erased future viewed by Wonder Woman.

She was created by Joëlle Jones and first appeared in "Dark Nights: Death Metal #7" (January 2021).

Philautus polymorphus

Philautus polymorphus is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have seen it between 1337 and 2204 meters above sea level in Sumatra.

Samson Kayo

Samson Kayo (born 20 June 1991) is a British actor, producer and writer. He voiced Baby Bear in "".

Jaffari Community Center

The Jaffari Community Center (JCC) is a Shia mosque in Ontario, Canada. The center contains a mourning center, a library, a gym, a Shiite school, and some banquet halls but it mainly used as a mosque. The mosque is the largest mosque in North America and is where members of the Islamic Shia Ithna-Asheri Jamaat of Toronto (ISIJ) meet up.

Eusebius

Fertile writer, theologian and historian of the Church. (263-340)

He came into being about 263 in Caesarea. Taught by Pamphilus, whose name he was pleased to be named by, he escaped to Tyre during the cruel acts of Diocletian and from there to the waste land of Thebais, where he was taken and put in prison. In 313 he was made overseer of Caesarea. In agreement with a common mind in the trouble caused by the false belief of Arius, he put down in writing a number of letters in support of his right belief and had an effect on the council of Caesarea which said that the statement of Arius was in line with the faith. When he said no to a form of words against the Arian belief, he was put out of the church by a meeting of Antioch (325). In the meeting council of Nicaea (325) he made an attempt to keep a peace-making political view which put forward the idea of the god-like quality of Christ in Bible words and the turning away from the belief of the same substance of Athanasius. Though he put his name to the meeting sign he did so more because of the emperor's desire than from belief. Not long after he was in agreement with Eusebius of Nicomedia and took part in the meetings councils of Antioch (330) and of Tyre (335) which, in that order, put down Eustathius and put out of the church Athanasius. A near friend of the emperor, he possibly had an effect on him to give out orders against the overseers of the right belief. He came to his end about 339 or 340.

Hilary of Poitiers

Bishop of Poitiers, France. Hilary (315-367), also known as "Hilarius Pictaviensis" in Latin, was a theologian and writer who opposed Arianism. He is recognized as a Doctor of the Catholic Church.

Paul King (director)

Paul King is the man who directed the movies Paddington, Paddington 2 and Wonka.

Peter Ostrum

Dr. Peter Ostrum is an American veterinarian who used to be an actor. He played Charlie Bucket in the 1971 movie Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory. He has not acted in any movies since then.

Basil of Caesarea

Basil, called the Great or the Archimandrite (in Greek: Μέγας Βασίλειος) was bishop of Caesarea and one of the most relevant theologians of the 4th century.

Aristocratic by culture and sense of responsibility as well as by the immense landed properties in Pontus and Armenia, Basil, born around 330, completed brilliant studies of rhetoric (including philology, philosophy and administration) in Caesarea, Constantinople and Athens, where he formed a close friendship with Gregory of Nazianzus. Since childhood he had received a solid Christian education, especially from his grandmother, Macrina senior. After the death of his father, in 358, he renounced his career, sold his goods, asked for baptism and retired to Annesi, in a family property on the Iris, with his mother and sister Macrina junior; he had been preceded by his elder brother Naucratius and to some extent had shared this way of life, until his marriage, also his younger brother Gregory of Nyssa.

100000 (number)

100000 (100,000, or simply hundred thousand) is the number after 99999 and before 100001. In South Asia, it is known as a Lakh. In Cyrllic Numerals, it is known as a legion.

Dave Bautista

David Michael Bautista Jr. (born January 18, 1969) is an American actor and former professional wrestler. He is best known for his time wrestling for WWE from 2002 until 2019. As an actor, he gained fame with his portrayal of Drax the Destroyer in the "Guardians of the Galaxy" movies.

During his time in the WWE, Batista was a two-time WWE Champion, four-time World Heavyweight Champion, three-time World Tag Team Champion, one-time WWE Tag Team Champion, and the winner of the 2005 and 2014 Royal Rumble matches.

Batista would retire from in-ring competition on April 7, 2017. His last match was at WrestleMania 35 and he would lose to Triple H in a No Holds Barred match.

Bautista has also competed in mixed martial arts. Holding a professional record of 1 win and 0 losses. He defeated Vince Lucero by TKO.

Fritz Cejka

Friedrich Cejka ( 3 July 1928 in Korneuburg - 26 November 2020 ) was an Austrian football player. He played as forward. With a total of 247 goals in the top Austrian league, the striker is in fifth place on the all-time Bundesliga top scorers list. In the 1959-60 season he was top scorer of the league with 28 goals.

Fritz Cejka started his career at his hometown club ASC Marathon Korneuburg in 1943. 1947 he moved to Admira Wien. There he stayed 12 years. In 1959 he moved to Wiener AC . In the 1959- 60 season he became top scorer with 28 goals in 26 matches. At the end of his career, he played for Kapfenberger SV. Fritz Cejka then spent two more seasons in the highest league with Vienna before finally ending his professional career in 1966 at the age of 39.

On 21 September 1952 he played his only match for the Austrian national football team versus Yugoslavia and scored one goal. 

Patran

Patran is a city located in the Patiala district, known as a prominent car bazaar in Punjab. This bustling city offers opportunities for people to purchase and repair various types of cars. Among its notable features is the second Kattu Sham Mandir, constructed after the one in Rajasthan. Additionally, Patran is home to Punjab's online IELTS YouTuber, along with several talented singers and writers. The city boasts a rich cultural and artistic community, making it a vibrant and diverse place to reside.

Patran is a city in Patiala district in the Indian state of Punjab. It lies at a distance of around 60 Km from the city Patiala.

As of 2011 India census, Patran had a population of 38,125. Males constitute 20,091 of the population and females 18,034. Patran has an average literacy rate of 65%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 69%, and female literacy is 60%. In Patran, 13% of the population is under 6 years of age.

Patran is big marketplace for rice. This town has more than 100 Rice Shellers. This city is known for car palaces. Patran is well connected with Dirba, Tohana, Hisar, Kaithal, Delhi, Jind, Ludhiana, Jalandhar, Patiala and Sangrur by well maintained roads. So this city has good relations with these cities because of exporting of rice. This is developing city of Punjab with fertile land.



Affiliated to CBSE

Florida Everblades

The Florida Everblades are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1998. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Estero, Florida at Hertz Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Charlotte Checkers of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team was started in 1998 by Craig Brush, Peter Karmanos Jr., and Thomas Thewes. They would name the team the Florida Everblades, a reference to the Everglades in Florida. 

On October 16, 1998, the team would play their first game as the Florida Everblades. They would be defeated by the Pee Dee Pride 5–3.

The team would be successful during the 2011–12 season. They finished with 39 wins, 26 losses, and 85 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would win their first Kelly Cup after defeating the Las Vegas Wranglers four games to one. The Everglades would win back-to-back Kelly Cups in the 2021–22 and 2022–23 seasons.

On July 6, 2022, the Everblades and the Florida Panthers announced their affiliation. The Everblades were previously affiliates with the Carolina Hurricanes, Tampa Bay Lightning, and Nashville Predators.

Nasreddin

Nasreddin () or Nasreddin Hodja or Mulla Nasruddin (1208–1285) is a character in the folklore of the Islamic world. According to many sources, he was born in 1208 in the city of Sivrihisar, Province of Eskişehir, Turkey and died in 1275 or 1285 CE in Konya under the Seljuq rule. He is considered a hero of satirical anecdotes and humourous short stories.

He is generally known for his stories as a wise man with a sense of humour. Nasreddin was educated in a school in Sivrihisar and after his basic education, he took up the duty of village imam in his hometown. After his father's death, Nasreddin became a dervish of Mahmoud al-Hirani by migrating to Aq Shahir, one of the centers of Sufi thought in that period. Nasreddin, who assumed civil duties in Akşehir, died in 1284 and was buried there.
One day he sat preaching to people in the mosque. He said: O believers, do you know what I am going to tell you? They said: No! He said: As long as you do not know, what is the benefit of talking? He got up and left them.

Then he came back a few days later and repeated the same question to the people, and the people responded, saying: Yes, we know! He said: As long as you know, what is the benefit of talking? And he left the mosque.

People were confused about him, and they agreed among themselves that if he asked them the same question again, some would answer him with a yes and some would answer with a no.

When he repeated the question for the third time, the people did as they had agreed, but Nasruddin again outsmarted them and said to them: "So, it is necessary on the one who knows to teach the one who does not know!!!".

In 1943, the Soviet movie Nasreddin in Bukhara was directed by Yakov Protazanov based on Solovyov's book, followed in 1947 by a film called The Adventures of Nasreddin, directed by and also set in the Uzbekistan SSR.

1996–1997 was declared "International Nasreddin Year" by UNESCO.

The "International Nasreddin Hodja festival" is celebrated between 5 and 10 July every year in Akşehir, a district in Konya.

In 2020, an application to include "Joke-Telling tradition of Nasreddin Khoja" in the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage list was jointly submitted by the governments of Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Turkey and Turkmenistan.

Greenville Swamp Rabbits

The Greenville Swamp Rabbits are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2010. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Greenville, South Carolina at Bon Secours Wellness Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Ontario Reign of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Johnstown, Pennsylvania as the Johnstown Chiefs from 1987 to 2010. On February 17, 2010, the ECHL Board of Directors approved a move from Johnstown to Greenville, South Carolina. On June 25, 2010, the Greenville Road Warriors was chosen as the team name in a fan poll.

On October 21, 2010, the team would play their first game as the Greenville Road Warriors. They would defeat the Florida Everblades 4–1.

The team would be successful during their first season in the league. They would lead the South Division and Eastern Conference. They finished with 46 wins, 22 losses, and 96 points and would make it to the Conference semifinals before being defeated by the Wheeling Nailers four games to three.

On August 26, 2015, the team announced that they were changing their name to the Greenville Swamp Rabbits.

On August 23, 2022, the Swamp Rabbits and the Los Angeles Kings announced their affiliation. The Swamp Rabbits were previously affiliates with the New York Rangers, Carolina Hurricanes, and Florida Panthers.

Operation Sunrise

Operation Sunrise was a series of meeting mostly taken place in the city of Berne, Switzerland. American Generals and Nazi German Officials discussed terms of surrender there, as World War 2 was ending. Significant contributers in the meetings were General Karl Wolff, and Agent Allen Dulles. But as the Cold War was dawning, and began in the Yalta Conference in February 4th to 11th, Soviet leader Joseph Stalin grew suspiscious of the Americans. They could not allow their rival superpower to take things by themselves. Tensions rapidly increased between the two powers. Problems were also increasing in war-torn Italy. But because Americans hated to make further more tensions with Europe, it agreed with the Soviet Union to have a Bolshevik General too, in operations, discussions, and national terms, so stopped the meetings in Switzerland, and discussed terms of surrender in Northern Italy, this time with a Soviet General with them.

Sundowning (disambiguation)

Sundowning is a symptom common in dementia, mainly in Alzheimer's disease.

Sundowning can also be

COVID-19 pandemic in Arkansas

The COVID-19 pandemic first reached the State of Arkansas beginning in March 2020. The first case was reported in Pine Bluff on March 11, 2020. As of March 2022, there were almost 820,000 cases of COVID in the state. Almost 10,530 people died from the COVID virus in Arkansas.

As of March 1, 2022, Arkansas had fully vaccinated almost 1,567,000 people, or around 54% of the actual population there. By 2024, the number of deaths from the coronavirus was almost 13,430. Actual cases of COVID-19, though, might have been higher than actually documented and reported.

The first death from the coronavirus was reported in March 2020.

Mathematical model (disambiguation)

A mathematical model can be a description of a physical system using mathematical concepts and language. "Mathematical model" 

It can also be


Khosiat Rustam

Khosiat Rustam (), is a poet, translator, and author of several scenarios. Currently, she is the editor-in-chief of the newspaper "The Book World". And an independent researcher at Alisher Navoi University of Language and Literature.
Since 2022, she has been the coordinator of the World Poet Movement of Colombia in Uzbekistan.

Khosiat Rustam was born in 1971 in Olmos village, Chust district, Namangan region. In 1993, she graduated from the Faculty of Journalism of Tashkent State University (now the National University of Uzbekistan).
In 2003, she studied at the two-year Higher Literature course at the Faculty of Uzbek Philology of the National University of Uzbekistan.
In 2021, she graduated from the International Writers Programme at the University of Iowa in the United States.

Khosiat Rustam was awarded the "Shuhrat" (Fame) medal by the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan in 2004 and the commemorative medal "25 Years of Independence of Uzbekistan" in 2016.

Participated in several international poetry festivals and
In 2012, she was the winner of the international competition held in Bursa, Turkey.

2015: National and International Mikail Mushfiq Award of Azerbaijan,
2020: Nurangiz GUN International Poet Prize and
In 2021, she was awarded the international prize named after Rasul Reza.

In 2017, the AMEA Nizamiy Ganjavi Institute of Literature was awarded the Honorary Decree "For the activity of scientific and literary relations between Azerbaijan and Uzbekistan.

In 2018, she won the highest prize in poetry at the international literature festival held in Thailand.

2003: Writers' Union of Uzbekistan and
Since 2019, she has been a member of the Writers' Union of Azerbaijan.

In 2021, she became a laureate of the Naji Naaman International Prize.

In 2021, she was awarded the prestigious "Golden Knight" award of the Russian Union of Writers.

2022: The Naji Naaman Foundation for Culture (FGC), an international organisation based in Lebanon, announced Khosiat Rustam as an "Extraordinary Ambassador of Culture".

Besides poetry, Khosiat Rustam also wrote several stories, plays, and screenplays as a writer and dramatist. In 2015, the play "A bird that does not fit in the sky" was staged in the academic musical drama theatre named after Mukimi, one of the most magnificent theatres in Uzbekistan, under the direction of People's Artist of Uzbekistan Mirza Azizov. In 2016, based on the story "Gilam" ("Carpet"), she wrote a screenplay called "Ajal Jodusi" ( A Trick of Death) which was screened by director Hilal Nasimov. This feature film brought great fame to the poetess.
As a translator, she translated the poems of Marina Tsvetaeva, Yevgeny Evtushenko, Anna Akhmatova, Boris Pasternak, Ramiz Ravshan, Nigor Refibeyli, Riza Halil, Fozil Kisakurak, Khusnu Doglarja, and many other world poets' works into Uzbek.

Since 2015, she has been the Editor-in-Chief of the most influential newspaper, "The Book World." There are more than fifty studies on Khosyat Rustam's works.

Inn 2020, on the initiative of Khosiat Rustam, many famous poets and writersaroundf the world wrote a letter of sympathy to the President of Azerbaijan, Ilhom Aliyev And this letter was read out on many sitesand ond Azerbaijan TV In addition, her books "Ismi Lola edi u qizning"("Thatt girl's name was Lola" andd "44 Days", dedicated to the conflicts between Azerbaijan and Armenia, a were published in Azerbaijan in the Azerbaijani, Turkish, and Uzbek languages. In addition, her other books were translated into Azar by Ramiz Askar, a literary scholar, professor, and laureate of the international Babur Prize, published in Azar and Uzbek for university students, and included in the curriculum.
Khosiat RUSTAM's poetry has been translated into more than 30 languages, and her books have been published in several foreign countries.

About Khosiat RUSTAM The book "KHOSIYAT" in Uzbek, prepared on the basis of articles and essays written by world-famous poets, writers, and literary experts, and the English version of "KHOSIAT" are being prepared for publication in London by the "EGG London" publishing house. About Khosiyat RUSTAM, the filming of the two-part film, which is being made in cooperation with Azerbaijan TV and Uzbekistan TV, is still going on.

Ferrara Candy Company

Ferrara Candy Company is an American candy company. It is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. It is owned by the Ferrero Group. The company was created from a 2012 merger of the Illinois-based Ferrara Pan Candy Company and Minnesota-based Farley's & Sathers Candy Company. Its product line includes the brands of Ferrara-branded pan candy and those of Farley's & Sathers.

Veselé, Czech Republic

Veselé () is a municipality and village in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.

Eschbach, Baden-Württemberg

Eschbach is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Friedenweiler

Friedenweiler is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. It is 10 km north of Titisee-Neustadt.

Glottertal

Glottertal is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.

Gottenheim

Gottenheim is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Gundelfingen

Gundelfingen is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Heuweiler

Heuweiler is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Horben

Horben is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Ihringen

Ihringen is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Löffingen

Löffingen is a town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

March, Breisgau

March is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

In 1973, the four villages of Buchheim, Holzhausen, Hugstetten and Neuershausen merged into the new municipality of March.


Marion Dittmann

Marion Hoch-Dittmann (born 10 June 1956) is an East-German long track speed skater. She represented her country at international competitions; as a senior until 1981.

She won the bronze medal at the 1978 World All-round Speed Skating Championships for women in Helsinki. During her career she won 6 medals at national championships, including 1 gold medal 1978 (all-round).

During her career she rode two world records, one on the 1000 metres and one on the 3000 metres.

Gyal Khatun

Gyal Khatun (Balti: རྒྱལ་ཁ་ཐུན།, lit: "Royal Queen") was a princess from the Makpon empire in northern Pakistan. She was the daughter of King Gyalpo Ali Senge Anchen, a very important person in Balti history. Gyal Khatun married Jamyang Namgyal, who was the ruler of Ladakh in the 17th century, becoming the Great Mother Queen of Ladakh. In Balti and Ladakhi songs, she is also called Silima Khatun, meaning “"Untainted and Pure Queen"”.

Even though Gyal and her daughter-in-law "Gyal Kelsang", who was also a Balti princess, were Muslims, the Ladakhi Buddhists see them as important people. They believe they are the same as the Tibetan Buddhist Goddess Tara. Gyal Khatun is also famous for starting the Gelugpa order of Tibetan Buddhism in Ladakh by putting the Tsongkhapa sculpture in the Basgo Temple.

Gyal Khatun is very respected in Ladakh because she supported both Buddhist Gompas and Mosques. Her leadership brought peace between the kingdoms of Makpon and Ladakh, which used to fight. Her son, Sengge Namgyal, later became the most important person in Ladakhi history, known as the "“Lion King of Ladakh”". The Balti and Ladakhi rulers saw her as a strong and secular role model.

During his time as ruler, Jamyang Namgyal, the king of Ladakh, decided to help the Sultan of Chigtan take control of Skardu, the Makpon Kingdom. But while they were crossing the mountains in winter, Namgyal's soldiers got lost in a big snowstorm. Ali Senge Anchan's skilled army attacked Namgyal's troops and trapped them because the snow blocked all the mountain passes and valleys. This made Namgyal surrender.

Jamyang Namgyal was captured and put in prison in Skardu. Ali Senge Anchan then took over Ladakh and made the Makpon empire bigger, going into Western Tibet. According to the ""Royal Chronicles of Ladakh"", while Namgyal was in prison, he fell in love with Ali Senge's daughter, Gyal Khatun. They promised to marry each other, and Gyal Khatun became pregnant. When Ali Senge found out, he told Namgyal he could marry his daughter and go back to Ladakh with his people if he promised to be loyal to Ali Senge Anchan.

Ali Senge Anchan let the Ladakhi king, Jamyang, go, but there was a condition. He said Jamyang had to marry his daughter, Gyal Khatun, and their son would be the next king of Ladakh. Because of this, Jamyang's two sons with his first wife, Queen Tsering, couldn't be rulers, and they had to leave Ladakh and go to Central Tibet.

The Balti kings were known for giving big dowries when their princesses got married. The dowry included things they could move, like gold, silver, precious stones, jewelry, expensive clothes, swords, guns, and 12 sets of kitchen cutlery. You can still see Gyal Khatun's movable dowry at the Stok Palace Museum in Ladakh. They have the Queen’s decorated dress front and a necklace made of thirteen rows of silver beads. As part of the things they couldn't move, they also gave villages. According to local customs, a lot of Muslim maids, male helpers, and a group of Balti musicians (later called Kharmon or Royal Musicians) were sent to Ladakh as part of Gyal Khatun’s wedding party.

According to Balti traditions, King Jamyang might have needed to give gifts to his bride's parents. This tradition, called "khamital (Balti: ཁམི་ཏལ​་)", means the boy's parents send gifts to the girl's parents. After this, the boy's parents should follow the tradition of "rintho" or "onarin, where the boy's parents should pay for the milk the girl drank when she was a baby. Once they pay with 24 tolas of gold and 24 goats, the wedding date is set. The Ladakhi Lamas welcomed Gyal Khatun as the Buddhist god of long life, the White Tara.

After King Jamyang Namgyal died, Gyal Khatun took over the government while her young son, Sengge Namgyal, grew up. She's famous for being Sengge Namgyal's mother. Sengge Namgyal was called the "Lion King of Ladakh". There's a famous ballad that tells the story of Sengge Namgyal's birth, when he was held by his mother, Gyal Khatun, also known as ZiZi:

In Ladakh, Gyal Khatun is seen as a patron (someone who supports) of both mosques and Buddhist temples. Her son, Sengge Namgyal, kept working on the Maitreya temple that his mother, Gyal Khatun, had started. Gyal Khatun is known as the Royal supporter of Chamba Lakhang, and she also gave jewelry for Maitreya's statue in the second temple, Serzang Lakhang. To honor his mother, Sengge Namgyal made the original Kache mosque in Leh. But more buildings were added to the mosque because of a partnership with the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb. Gyal Khatun is praised for building many small mosques in Shey, Leh, and Nubra. People in Ladakh sing folk songs about her with the title Silima Khatun, meaning "The Untainted and Pure Queen," showing how much they admire her. There's a Ladakhi folk song called "The Song of Silima Khatun" that's all about praising the Queen:
Gyal Khatun is also famous for starting the Gelugpa order of Tibetan Buddhism in Ladakh. She put a Tsongkhapa sculpture in the Basgo Temple, also called the Kalzand Drolma Temple. Gyal Khatun supported both Muslim and Buddhist places of worship in Ladakh. Her being in the Namgyal family brought peace between the two kingdoms. Even after King Jamyang Namgyal died, Gyal Khatun still played a big role in Ladakh's politics and religion. She supported Mahayana and Tantric Buddhism and helped build religious buildings.

Gyal Khatun is known for bringing Balti music and instruments like Drums and Oboes to Ladakh from Baltistan. These instruments were part of her dowry and are now important in Ladakhi music. She also introduced Polo, a traditional sport, to Ladakh from Baltistan. The Namgyal kings built private mosques in Leh and Shey for Gyal Khatun and her servants, where she kept practicing Islam until she died.

Gyal Khatun's life is connected to mystical and divine things, which makes her very important. In the book "Antiquities of Indian Tibet," A. H. Francke talks about a special event involving Gyal Khatun's father, Ali Senge Anchan. In a dream, Ali Senge saw a lion (Sengge) coming out of the river near the castle and going into Gyal Khatun's body. According to the royal records, this dream made people believe that Gyal Khatun was a form of the Tibetan Buddhist Goddess Tara, who saves people and shows kindness. Francke translated a verse from the original manuscript as:
This special event in Gyal Khatun's life made her very respected in the region's history. Her legacy is more than just being a queen because her special connection affected events and decided what happened to her family. This influence led to her son, Sengge Namgyal, becoming the famous Lion King of Ladakh.

Nicolò Barella

Nicolò Barella (born 7 February 1997) is an Italian football player. He plays as a central midfielder for Inter Milan and the Italy national team.

Kim Jong-chul

Kim Jong-chul (; born 25 September 1981), sometimes spelled Kim Jong Chol, is a son of former North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong Il. His younger brother is current Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un. His older half-brother Kim Jong-nam was assassinated in February 2017.

In 2007, Jong-chul was appointed deputy chief of a leadership division of the Workers' Party of Korea. However, on 15 January 2009, the South Korean Yonhap News Agency reported that Kim Jong Il appointed his youngest son, Jong-un, to be his successor, passing over Jong-nam and Jong-chul. These reports were supported in April 2009 when Kim Jong Un assumed a low-level position within the ruling Workers' Party since Kim Jong Il was groomed by his own father, Kim Il Sung, in a similar way before becoming North Korean leader in 1994.

Kim Jong-chul was born in 1981. He is the son of Kim Jong Il and his wife Ko Yong-hui, who died in 2004. Jong-chul was educated at the International School of Berne with younger brother Kim Jong Un.

In February 2003, moves began to raise the public image of Kim Jong-chul. The Korean People's Army began a propaganda campaign using the slogan "The Respected Mother is the Most Faithful and Loyal Subject to the Dear Leader Comrade Supreme Commander". Since the "Respected Mother" was described as "[devoting] herself to the personal safety of the comrade supreme commander", and "[assisting] the comrade supreme commander nearest to his body", Western analysts have guessed that the "Respected Mother" was Ko Yong-hui. A similar campaign was launched in praise of Kim Jong Il's mother (Kim Jong-suk) during the later years of Kim Il Sung's life. This suggested that Kim Jong-chul, despite his youth, had emerged with Army backing to be a serious contender to succeed his father.

However, Kenji Fujimoto, Kim Jong Il's personal sushi chef, wrote in his memoir, "I Was Kim Jong-il's Cook", that Kim Jong Il thought Jong-chul was "no good because he is like a little girl". Fujimoto believed Kim Jong Il favoured his youngest son, Kim Jong Un.

On 1 June 2009, it was reported that Kim Jong-chul had been passed over as his younger brother, Kim Jong Un, was to succeed his father as the head of the Workers' Party of Korea and "de facto" head of state of North Korea.

Kim Jong-chul was reportedly spotted in Singapore on 14 February 2011, where he was attending an Eric Clapton concert. In late 2011, his father died, and his younger brother Kim Jong Un followed his father as the head of state. He was again apparently spotted attending two additional Clapton concerts on successive days at the Royal Albert Hall in London, in May 2015.

According to Lee Yun-keol (as reported by "Wen Wei Po"), chairman of the North Korea Strategy Information Service Center, Kim Jong-chul personally ordered the arrest of his uncle Jang Song-thaek in 2013. Some analysts believe that Kim Jong-chul has a more important position in North Korea than most people think.

Kim Jong-chul does not involve himself in politics, leading a quiet life in Pyongyang where he plays guitar in a band, according to Thae Yong-ho, North Korea's former deputy ambassador in London who defected to the South.


San Giovanni in Marignano

San Giovanni in Marignano is a "comune" in the Province of Rimini in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Bondeno

Bondeno is a "comune" in the Province of Ferrara in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Caroline Janney

Caroline E. Janney is an American historian. She is John L. Nau III Professor of the American Civil War at the University of Virginia. She won the 2022 Lincoln Prize.

She graduated from University of Virginia. She taught at Purdue University.



Codigoro

Codigoro is a "comune" in the Province of Ferrara in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.



List of police departments

The following is a list of police departments which have articles on Simple English Wikipedia:


(G)I-dle

(G)I-dle (; stylized in all caps and pronounced "I-dle") is a South Korean girl group that debuted on 2 May 2018. The group is made of five members: Miyeon, Minnie, Soyeon, Yuqi and Shuhua. Soojin was the sixth member, but she was forced to leave the group by their company on 14 August 2021 and she is now a soloist. They make K-pop music under Cube Entertainment, J-pop under U-Cube and pop under Republic Records and 88rising. Most of their songs are produced by the group members themselves.

The group's name, (G)I-dle, was invented by Soyeon. The original name was "Idle" (; "aideul"), the Korean word for "children". Some English-speaking fans did not like the name, because in English "Idle" means someone that is not working or that is lazy.

For that reason, the name was changed to "(G)I-dle":

The right way to say the name when speaking is "I-dle", which sounds like "". Their fans are called "Neverland".

Current members

Past members
Korean EPs

Japanese EPs

English EPs




Jiang Ping

Jiang Ping (; 28 December 1930 – 19 December 2023) was a Chinese legal scholar.

Jiang Ping was born in Ningbo, Zhejiang Province, China in 1930. He went to Soviet Union to study law and graduated from Moscow State University in 1956. Jiang was the President of China University of Political Science and Law in 1988. He died at the China-Japan Friendship Hospital in Beijing in 2023, at the age of 92.

Prakash Kaur

Prakash Kaur or Parkash Kaur ( Punjabi: ਪ੍ਰਕਾਸ਼ ਕੌਰ ; Hindi: प्रकाश कौर ; 19 September 1919 – 2 November 1982) was a Punjabi singer.

She mostly sang Punjabi folk songs. It is where she is credited and appreciated the most for involving and improving new ideas and popularizing this Folk music genre along with her sister Surinder Kaur. Her sister Surinder was also known as 'Nightingale of Punjab'. Prakash Kaur has also sung Pashto folk songs.

Kaur was born to a Punjabi-Sikh family in Lahore, Pakistan which was then a part of British India. She is the elder sister of Surinder Kaur who was a famous Punjabi singer and songwriter.

Kaur's family used to live in a neighborhood called Mohalla Bhaati Gate, located in the enclosed part of Lahore. Kaur would listen to the Rababi women "(singers who used a musical instrument named Rabab)" singing at weddings and joyful events. She along with her sister used to go into weddings that had not been invited to so they could hear the music. From a very early age, she would try to copy the experienced singers, trying to sing exactly the same details of the tunes that they sang. She did not take any formal lessons in music, even though Lahore was having great teachers of classical music.

Around 1940, Kaur received permission from his family to sing on the Indian radio. She officially did her first live performance on 'Peshawar Radio' in 1941. In 1943 her sister Surinder was also selected as a music artist and Later, on August 31, 1943, the two sisters performed their first duet, "mawan te dhiyan ral baithian," for the HMV label.

When India and Pakistan gained their independence in August 1947, the Hindus and Sikhs of Lahore had to be relocated to East Punjab or elsewhere in India because Lahore was given to Pakistan according to the agreement. Prakash Kaur and her family members were also among those who left Lahore and came to India. Prakash and her husband settled in New Delhi while her younger sister Surinder settled in Bombay (now Mumbai).

Parkash Kaur was married with Sardar Harbans Singh Suri, an electrical engineer who was working for the Indian Department of Railways. Before India's independence he was posted in Lahore, but after India's independence he received a posting at New Delhi. Harbans Singh Suri proved to be an great husband who used to support her wife. As the demands from "All India Radio Delhi" increased that Parkash need to give more time to the Radio channel, she always had her husband's great support.

Kaur died on November 2, 1982 at the age of 63. It is known that she died after a disability caused by a serious accident but more details of her death remains unknown.


Polypedates maculatus

The spotted tree frog, Indian tree frog, common Indian tree frog, Chunam frog, big-headed whipping frog, common tree frog, spotted whipping frog, ("Polypedates maculatus") is a frog. It lives in India, Nepal, Myanmar, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, and Bangladesh. People have seen it below 3,000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 34-57 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 44-89 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is brown, brown-yellow, or brown-gray in color with some spots. There are dark bars on the legs. Parts of the back legs have yellow spots.

Scientists believe this frog hatches out of eggs as small frogs and never swims as a tadpole, but they are not sure.

This frog can live in different places: forests with water in the air, forests with dry air, grasslands, farms, and gardens. It lives in trees. The female frog makes a nest out of foam for her eggs. She makes the nest on a branch over water. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living in places that humans have changed.

Robert Comtesse

Robert Comtesse (14 August 1847 – 17 November 1922) was a Swiss politician. He was born in Valangin, Switzerland.

Comtesse was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 14 December 1899. He retired on 4 March 1912. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party. 

During his office time he held the following departments:

He was President of the Confederation in 1904 and again in 1910.

Comtesse died on 17 November 1922 in La Tour-de-Peilz, Switzerland at the age of 75.


Creatonotos gangis

The Creatonotos gangis, also known as the Baphomet moth or the Australian horror moth, are a species of moths that are usually seen in Western Australia and South East Asia.

The moth has two light brown wings, and a red abdomen with black spots. Males can have four long black coremata at the end of the abdomen, when inflated. The male moths have the coremata so they can attract female moths.

Samuel Silvera

Samuel Silvera (born 25 October 2000) is an English-born Australian professional soccer player. He plays for Middlesbrough in the EFL Championship and for the Australia men's national soccer team (nicknamed the "Socceroos").

Lawrence Thomas (soccer)

Lawrence Andrew Kingsley Thomas is an Australian professional soccer player. He plays for Western Sydney Wanderers in the A-League Men and for the Australia men's national soccer team (nicknamed the "Socceroos").

Patrick Yazbek

Patrick Yazbek (born 5 April 2002) is an Australian soccer player. He plays for Eliteserien club Viking and for the Australia men's national soccer team (nicknamed the "Socceroos").

Eliteserien

The Eliteserien () is the top professional football league in Norway, at the top of the Norwegian football league system. It has 16 teams, and clubs are promoted from and relegated to the Norwegian First Division.

The following sixteen clubs are competing in the Eliteserien during the 2023 season.

Attorney General of New Mexico

The attorney general of New Mexico is the state attorney general of the U.S. state of New Mexico. The attorney general carries out official duties with prosecuting crimes through the New Mexico Department of Justice.

Raúl Torrez is the 32nd and current attorney general of New Mexico, in office since January 2023.

Thomas Deng

Thomas Jok Deng (born 20 March 1997) is an Australian professional soccer player. He plays for Albirex Niigata in the J1 League and for the Australia men's national soccer team (nicknamed the "Socceroos").

Deng was born as a South Sudanese refugee in Nairobi, Kenya. He moved to Adelaide, South Australia in 2003, when he was six years old. His older brother, Peter Deng, plays for South Sudan.

Peter Deng

Peter Deng (born 12 January 1993) is a South Sudanese professional footballer. He plays for Whittlesea Ranges in the Victorian State League 1 and for the South Sudan national football team.

Deng was born as a South Sudanese refugee in Nairobi, Kenya, before moving to Adelaide, South Australia in 2003, when he was 10 years old. His younger brother, Thomas Deng, plays for Australia.

K.V.C. Westerlo

Koninklijke Voetbal Club Westerlo (; often simply called Westerlo) is a Belgian professional football club that plays in the Belgian Pro League. The club is based in the municipality of Westerlo in the province of Antwerp.

Adelaide 36ers

The Adelaide 36ers are an Australian professional basketball team from Adelaide. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The Adelaide 36ers are the only NBL team from South Australia, and the "36" in the teams name comes from the fact that the Colony of South Australia was founded on 28 December 1836. They play their home games at the Adelaide Entertainment Centre.

Sydney Kings

The Sydney Kings are an Australian professional basketball team from Sydney. The team plays in the National Basketball League.

The Sydney Kings play their home games at Qudos Bank Arena in Sydney Olympic Park, and have won the NBL five times.

Brisbane Bullets

The Brisbane Bullets are an Australian professional basketball team based in Brisbane. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The Brisbane Bullets play their home games at Nissan Arena.

Vertigo Comics

Vertigo Comics (also known as DC Vertigo or simply Vertigo) was an imprint of DC Comics that began publication in 1993. Spearheaded by editor Karen Berger, all DC Comics titles bearing the Vertigo logo catered to not only more mature readers, but more sophisticated writers and artists as well. Several of DC's existing titles such as "Animal Man" (Volume 1); "Doom Patrol" (Volume 2); "Hellblazer" (Volume 1); "Sandman" (Volume 2); "Shade, the Changing Man" (Volume 2); and "Swamp Thing" (Volume 2) immigrated to the Vertigo camp while fresh new titles and limited series were likewise added to the growing Vertigo roster. Collected versions of many Pre-Vertigo titles now bear the Vertigo stamp even though they were originally published under the standard DC Comics banner.

Cairns Taipans

The Cairns Taipans are an Australian professional basketball team from Cairns, Queensland. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The Cairns Taipans play their home games at the Cairns Convention Centre, which they gave the nickname "the Snakepit". They are the only not-for-profit team in the league.

Illawarra Hawks

The Illawarra Hawks, formerly called the Wollongong Hawks, are an Australian professional basketball team based in Wollongong, New South Wales. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The Illawarra Hawks are named after the Illawarra region of New South Wales, which includes Wollongong. They play their home games at the Wollongong Entertainment Centre.

Melbourne United

Melbourne United, formerly called the Melbourne Tigers, is an Australian professional basketball team based in Melbourne. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

Melbourne United play their home games at John Cain Arena.

Tasmania JackJumpers

The Tasmania JackJumpers are an Australian professional basketball team from Hobart. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The Tasmania JackJumpers are the only NBL team in Tasmania. They play their home games at the Derwent Entertainment Centre in Hobart and at the Silverdome in Launceston.

Perth Wildcats

The Perth Wildcats are an Australian professional basketball based in Perth. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The Perth Wildcats are the only NBL team from Western Australia, and are also the most successful team in the league, having won 10 championships.

The Perth Wildcats play their home games at Perth Arena, which they gave the nickname "the Jungle".

South East Melbourne Phoenix

The South East Melbourne Phoenix are an Australian professional basketball team based in Melbourne. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL).

The South East Melbourne Phoenix play their home games at John Cain Arena.

New Zealand Breakers

The New Zealand Breakers (also known as the BNZ Breakers for sponsorship reasons) are a New Zealand professional basketball team based in Auckland. The team plays in the National Basketball League (NBL) in Australia.

The New Zealand Breakers play their home games at Spark Arena.

Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras in international football

Palmeiras, is a professional association football team based in São Paulo, it is one of the most successful and traditional Brazilian teams and South American teams in international club competitions. They have won one Copa Rio title (in 1951) which was recognized by FIFA as a club world competition in 2014, three Copa Libertadores, one Recopa Sudamericana and a Copa Mercosur (for a total of six international trophies). 

Palmeiras won the first club world competition in 1951, which was one of the first international trophies won by clubs ever. It has one of the richest international campaigns and trophies in South America and Brazil. 

Big Bash League

The Big Bash League (known as the KFC Big Bash League for sponsorship reasons, often abbreviated to BBL or Big Bash) is an Australian professional men's Twenty20 cricket club league. It was created in 2011 by Cricket Australia.

The competition features eight city-based franchises, instead of the six state-based teams which had previously competed in the KFC Twenty20 Big Bash. Each state's capital city features one team, with Sydney and Melbourne featuring two. The team names and colours for all teams were officially announced on 6 April 2011. The Melbourne Derby and Sydney Derby matches are some of the most heavily attended matches during the league and are widely anticipated by the fans. The Scorchers and Sixers have also developed a rivalry between them over the years and their matches attract good crowds and TV ratings.

A single city-based franchise can have a maximum of 19 contracted players for a season, with the squad including a minimum of two rookie contracts and a maximum of six overseas players, although only three international players can play in each match from 2020 to 2021 edition. Each team can also have a maximum of two overseas replacement players, in case the original overseas players get injured or withdraw.

Johan Devrindt

Johan Devrindt (14 April 1944) was an Belgian footballer. He played for Anderlecht, Dutch outfit PSV Eindhoven, Club Brugge, Lokeren, Winterslag and La Louviere. His final international game was a September 1975 UEFA Euro 1976 qualifying match against East Germany.

Mohammad Javad Rahimi

Mohammad Javad Rahimi (; born June 22, 1986, in ) is an Iranian who plays as a .

Rahimi has a history of playing in the with the teams of and ..



When I Look at the World

"When I Look at the World" is a 2000 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the ninth track from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind". The song lyrics is about faith being shaken by tragedy including the Chernobyl disaster in April 1986. 

Mt. Eden

Mt. Eden is a dubstep music group. 

Jobi's Room

Jobi's Room () is a Brazilian Flash-animated television series created by Andrés Lieban and Claudia K. Breitman. It originally aired on TV Rá-Tim-Bum from 6 March 2009 at 2010.

The series is about the stories of the boy named Jobi who lives in his room with his frog named Oscar.



The Art of the Fugue

Die Kunst der Fuge BWV 1080 is a musical work by Johann Sebastian Bach. The title translates to "The Art of the Fugue". It contains 14 fugues and four canons. Today, part of the work is lost. Bach wrote it during the last ten years of his life. He wanted to show what is possible to do using fugues. Like the Goldberg Variations, this is a work by Bach on one special subject. Bach didn't tell what instruments to use. Most works are for three or four instruments. Today, four different versions are known. They probably show an early version of the work. Each version has a different part of the work. The first prints are from 1751 and 1752. Bach died in 1750.

New Woodville, Oklahoma

New Woodville is a town in Marshall County, Oklahoma in the United States.

Iso-Polyphony

Iso-Polyphony is a traditional part of Albanian folk music. It has been recognized by UNESCO as an Intangible Cultural Heritage since 2008. Southern Albania, including the regions of Lalëria (Myzeqe), Toskeria, Chameria, and Labëria, practice this type of singing. Some places in North Macedonia and southern Montenegro also have similar singing where many parts are sung together.

Labëria in Albania is famous for singing with many parts, with songs having two, three, or four parts. Songs with three parts are seen as the most complicated. The Gjirokastër National Folklore Festival in Albania, which happens every five years in October since 1968, often has many songs like this.

Albanian iso-polyphony and Balkan multi-part vocal music are thought to be very old traditions from the time of the Thraco-Illyrian era, even though there aren't many old records about them. Experts believe these musical traditions were passed down orally through many generations. Specific things like the five-note scale and singing without instruments show that they come from ancient times. This kind of music developed differently from medieval Byzantine music, which was made up by individuals. Balkan multi-part vocal music was made by groups of people, passed down orally, and performed by people who weren't trained in music. Even though they existed alongside Byzantine music, they didn't have much influence on each other.

Albanian traditional music started with two main melodies: the "taker" (1st voice) and the "turner" (2nd voice). Two-voice iso-polyphony, is seen in places like Gjirokastër and Dukat. This style is also seen in different parts of Albania and among Arbëreshë people in Calabria. The idea of two-voice polyphony is thought of as a "hidden" three-voice iso-polyphony.
The next step was adding a drone (iso), creating three-voiced polyphony (singing where many parts are sung together). The drone added depth to the harmony between the melodies and is now common in Albanian traditional music, mainly sung by men. Three-voice polyphony is common in areas like Skrapar, Gramsh, Gjirokastër, and Vlorë.

The "launcher" (3rd voice) developed later, leading to four-voiced polyphony. While not found in Toskëria, Myzeqeja, and Chamëria, four-voiced polyphony is found only in Labëria alongside the more common three-voiced style. Neço Muko's recordings in the 1920s-1930s helped establish the four-voice iso-polyphony.

Pleqërishte is a type of Albanian folk singing done by older men in Labëria, especially in Gjirokastër. It is known for its slow speed, deep pitch, and small range.

The name "Pleqërishte" means both "of old men" and "of the old time," talking about the singing style and the themes of the songs. These songs are also called "lashtërishte" in Gjirokastër, showing their old themes. Even though these themes are not as popular now, they are still important.

Pleqërishte songs are slow, deep, and don't have much change in voice, making them different from songs sung by younger men. In this type of singing, there are four parts, and the third singer (hedhës) plays a big role. Unlike other types, in pleqërishte, the hedhës gives the main singer (marrës) a break. First, the marrës starts singing, then the second singer (kthyes) joins, followed by the hedhës. After the hedhës, the marrës's words are repeated by a group in different ways.

Trickster (DC Comics)

The Trickster is a name used by several characters in the DC Comics universe. The original was Giovanni Giuseppe, a member of the Rogues and enemy of the Flash who commits crimes using dangerous gadgets themed after practical joke elements. His most notable invention is a pair of shoes that allow him to walk on the air itself. He has also been a member of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Secret Society of Super Villains. There have been two super-villains to use the name, former circus acrobat James Jesse and teenage hoodlum Axel Walker.

"Trickster" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #113. (1960) "Axel Walker" was created by Geoff Johns and Scott Kolins, first appearing in "The Flash" (Volume 2) #183 (2002).

Both the James Jesse and Axel Walker incarnations of the character have been substantially adapted into television productions of DC Comics work. Actor Mark Hamill is most closely associated with the role, having played the James Jesse incarnation in two live-action television series and voiced the character in several animated and video game appearances. Devon Graye portrayed the Axel Walker incarnation in "The Flash" television series.

Stay the Night (James Blunt song)

"Stay the Night" is a 2010 song by James Blunt and is the leading single from his third studio album "Some Kind of Trouble". It went to number 26 in the United Kingdom and Spain, number 40 in Ireland, number 13 in New Zealand and the Netherlands, number 94 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Australia, number 1 in Switzerland and number 53 in Canada.






Rogues (comics)

The Rogues are a DC Comics team made up of enemies to the Flash. They individually struggle against the Flash, but are able to defeat him by working together. Despite their status as super-villains, they operate with a strict code of honor enforced by their leader Captain Cold. The original group included Captain Cold, Heat Wave, Mirror Master, Captain Boomerang, Pied Piper, and the Top. There have been several line-ups since then under a variety of leaders.

The "Rogues" were created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #155 (1965).

List of heads of state of Panama

This is a list of head of state of Panama.
Juan Lopez 1840-1841

Tomás de Herrera November 18, 1840 – December 31, 1841
Demetrio H. Brid 1903 

José Agustín Arango 1903-1904 

Manuel Amador Guerrero 20 February 1904 – 1 October 1908 

José Domingo de Obaldía 1 October 1908 – 1 March 1910 

Belisario Porras Barahona 1 October 1912 – 1 October 1916 

Ramón Maximiliano Valdés 1 October 1916 – 3 June 1918 

Rodolfo Chiari 1 October 1924 – 1 October 1928 

Florencio Harmodio Arosemena 1 October 1928 – 3 January 1931 

Ricardo J. Alfaro 16 January 1931 – 5 June 1932 

Harmodio Arias Madrid 5 June 1932 – 1 October 1936 

Juan Demóstenes Arosemena 1 October 1936 – 16 December 1939 

Arnulfo Arias 1 October 1940 – 9 October 1941 

Ricardo Adolfo de la Guardia Arango 9 October 1941 – 15 June 1945 

Domingo Díaz Arosemena 7 August 1948 – 28 July 1949 

Ricardo Arias 29 March 1955 – 1 October 1956 

Demetrio B. Lakas December 19, 1969 – October 11, 1978 

Aristides Royo 11 October 1978 – 31 July 1982 

Ricardo de la Espriella 31 July 1982 – 13 February 1984 

Jorge Illueca February 13, 1984 – October 11, 1984 

Nicolás Ardito Barletta 11 October 1984 – 28 September 1985 

Guillermo Endara December 20, 1989 – August 31, 1994 

Ernesto Pérez Balladares September 1, 1994 – September 1, 1999 

Mireya Moscoso September 1, 1999 – September 1, 2004 

Martín Torrijos September 1, 2004 – July 1, 2009 

Ricardo Martinelli July 1, 2009 – July 1, 2014 

Juan Carlos Varela 1 July 2014 – 1 July 2019 

Laurentino Cortizo 1 July 2019- 

he is currently the president

•see: List of caudillos of Panama

Mirror Master

Mirror Master is a legacy name used by enemies of the Flash, appearing in comic books published by DC Comics. The original was a criminal mastermind named Sam Scudder who developed advanced mirror technologies for his own use. His successor was a Scottish assassin named Evan McCulloch. They were both members of the Rogues Gallery, but the name has also been associated with the Injustice Gang and the Secret Society of Super Villains.

"Mirror Master" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #105 (1959).

Both incarnations of Mirror Master have made several appearances in DC-related media, with Sam Scudder being portrayed in live-action by David Cassidy in the 1990 "The Flash" series and by Grey Damon in the 2014 "The Flash" series, while Efrat Dor portrayed a gender-swapped version of Evan McCulloch, named Eva McCulloch, in the 2014 series.

Pied Piper (DC Comics)

Pied Piper (Hartley Rathaway), is a supervillain turned superhero appearing in comic books published by DC Comics, and is commonly associated with the superhero the Flash. He is a deaf musical prodigy who uses sonic technology as a weapon. This allows him to cause vibrational damage and hypnotize people. Originally he was a super-criminal who fought the Flash, becoming a member of the Rogues. Later he reformed and assisted the Flash as a vigilante. It has been revealed that Piper self-identifies as homosexual and is in a relationship with David Singh, the head of Central City Police Department's crime lab.

"Pied Piper" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #106 (1959).

The Pied Piper appeared in the first, second, sixth and ninth seasons of "The Flash", portrayed by Andy Mientus.

Top (character)

The Top (Roscoe Dillon) is a super-villain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a character with the ability to spin at super-speed, acting as an enemy to the Flash. These powers grant him enhanced intelligence through stimulation of his brain cells, turning him into a psychotic mastermind. Captain Cold's sister, the Golden Glider, was his girlfriend for a long period. Following the mind-wipes in "Identity Crisis", he was shown to have become good and helped to reform other criminals through mind-tampering. Eventually he returned to his evil ways, and was then murdered by Captain Cold during "Rogue War". Dillon was an original member of the Rogues Gallery. He was eventually murdered by his former allies.

"The Top" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #122. (1961)

Golden Glider

Golden Glider (Lisa Snart), is a fictional female super-villain appearing in American comic bookis published by DC Comics, and enemy to the Flash. Her brother is Captain Cold, and they both commit crimes using ice-themed gadgets. Beginning her career as a figure skater, she swore revenge on the Flash when her boyfriend the Top died while fighting him. Her special skates create their own ice, allowing her to move effortlessly and trip up her enemies. Chillblaine eventually murdered her.

However, Glider has reappeared alive in the "New 52" reboot, where she has gained metahuman abilities due to being caught in the blast that also gave the other Rogues their powers. She has become separated from her body, giving her an astral form that allows her to fly and move at superhuman speeds. She also has ribbon-like tendrils that can easily cut and kill a person without any evidence of attack.

"Golden Glider" was created by Cary Bates and Irv Novick, first appearing in "The Flash" #250 (1977).

Lisa Snart appeared in the first and second seasons of "The Flash", portrayed by Peyton List. Golden Glider appears in the third season of "Harley Quinn", voiced by Cathy Ang. Depicted as Kite Man's new love interest, she will co-star in the spin-off series "Kite Man: Hell Yeah!".

Marche mondiale des Femmes

The Marche mondiale des Femmes or World March of Women is an international and feminist action movement that brings together common groups and organizations which works to remove poverty and violence against women. As per 2006 data, The movement has got members and participation from 6,000 groups. The members and groups are from 161 different countries across the world.

The World March of Women (MMF) is an independent, multi-cultural, multi-ethnical andpluralist movement. The group was launched by Quebec Women's Federation which organizes the "World March of Women against Poverty and Violence Against Women”.

The “World March of Women” has now turned into a platform of associations which draft proposals and gives demands. Those who speak for the group during the global march participate in various social forums or other initiatives of the alter-globalization movement.

The Marche mondiale des Femmes was launched in 2000. It was launched by the Fédération des femmes du Québec, a feminist group based in Quebec, Canada. It was launched after the success of the Bread and Roses March which took place in 1995 in Quebec. In that March, around 850 women marched for ten days, to get their nine economic demands. The end of the march saw around 15,000 people coming together. The idea of starting a World March of Women to mark the beginning of the 21st century began to come up in the imaginations of Quebec activists and delegates from a number of countries who had come to join in that large rallying of women.

Planning for the "Marche mondiale des Femmes" soon began in 1997, and in October 1998, a meeting was held in Montreal, Canada, in which 140 women representing 65 countries took part. They agreed to two main themes for the march: the elimination "(the complete removal)" of world poverty and the stopping of violence towards women. The March took place in year 2000.
The March of the group as scheduled was started on 8 March 2000 on the International Women's Day and ended on 17 October 2000 on the International Day for the Eradication "(removal)" of Poverty. In October, several supporting demonstrations took place in support for the March including at Brussels, Bombay, Quebec, etc. On October 17, after the final march in the city with participants, a group of persons who were chosen to represent the group in New York handed UN representatives the signatures of an international formal written request as well as a set of proposals to be implemented to help remove the problems of poverty and violence. One of the many demands was that the United States recognize the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court and its provisions according to which, in particular, rape and sexual assault constitute war crimes and crimes against Humanity.

The group in its last statement said:
"Through this global charter of women for humanity and through the actions to come, we reaffirm that another world is possible, a world full of hope, of life, where life is good and we declare our love to this world, its diversity and its beauty."

The group continued their work after the first March.


Yohanna (movie)

Yohanna is a 2024 Indonesian British Italian drama movie directed by Razka Robby Ertanto and starring Laura Basuki, Kirana Putri Grasela, Videlis Siprianus Diki, Iqua Tahlequa.

Springston

Springston is a small town in the South Island of New Zealand. It is situated in the Selwyn District and is sandwiched between Rolleston and Lincoln. It has a primary school that opened in 1868, small dairy and was developed around the mid-19th century.

Alina Morozova

Alina Alexandrovna Morozova (, born August 14, 1985, Armavir, USSR) is a Russian blogger, nutritionist, weight loss and nutrition expert. She set a record in Russia for holding the most mass weight loss class.

Alina was born in 1985 in the city of Armavir. In 2003, she graduated from school No. 17 in Armavir with a silver certificate and entered "Yugra State University" in Khanty-Mansi, where she graduated in 2008 with a red diploma.

From 2009 to 2013, she worked in the structure of the Federal Tax Service. Then she worked in the Government of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug. She holds the rank of State Counselor of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug 2nd class.

In 2018, she was trained and received a certificate from the training center of fitness professionals in Yekaterinburg. In 2020, she was awarded with the Letter of Gratitude of the Governor of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug "For significant contribution to the implementation of a unified state policy in the sphere of project management of executive authorities of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug".

During the elections in 2021, on the single day of voting, she organized the contest "Miss Elections2021", in which the most beautiful participant of the elections in the Krasnodar Krai was chosen.

That same year, Alina told Russian newspaper "ASP News" how to set a record easily and simply.

On November 20, 2021, Alina set a Russian record. During a live broadcast on the social network Instagram, she held the most mass weight loss class online. There were 936 participants. The record was recorded and Alina was given a certificate.

In 2016, she ran 21.2 km (half marathon) in Khanty-Mansiysk. In 2021, she ran 10 km in a general race in Krasnodar.


Darden Restaurants

Darden Restaurants is an American multi-brand restaurant operator. It is headquartered in Orlando, Florida. It has more than 1,800 restaurant locations and more than 175,000 employees. It is the world's largest full-service restaurant company. 


Champs Sports

Champs Sports is an American sports retail store. It is a subsidiary of Foot Locker. It has 540 stores. The stores are mainly located in shopping malls, and are 3,500 square feet (330 m2) on average. It was founded in 1984.

Don't Look Down (Martin Garrix song)

"Don't Look Down" is a 2015 song by Dutch DJ Martin Garrix featuring vocals from American singer Usher and was released as a digital download on 17 March 2015 on iTunes. It went to number 2 in Scotland, number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 12 in the Czech Republic, number 16 in the Netherlands, number 25 in Slovakia, number 26 in Belgium (Flanders), number 29 in Ireland and number 37 in Austria, Belgium (Wallonia) and Germany.

Jacksonville Icemen

The Jacksonville Icemen are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2017. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Jacksonville, Florida at VyStar Veterans Memorial Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Rochester Americans of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Evansville, Indiana as the Evansville IceMen from 2010 to 2016. The Evansville IceMen had the highest arena rent in the ECHL and were forced to leave the Ford Center. There would then be relocation talks afterwards. On February 8, 2016, Evansville would be awarded the Evansville Thunderbolts as an expansion team in the Southern Professional Hockey League (SPHL). On February 8, 2017, the ECHL Board of Directors approved a move from Evansville to Jacksonville, Florida to become the Jacksonville Icemen. 

On October 14, 2017, the team would play their first game as the Jacksonville Icemen. They would be defeated by the Orlando Solar Bears 5–4 in overtime.

On August 23, 2022, the Icemen and the Buffalo Sabres announced their affiliation. The Icemen were previously affiliates with the Winnipeg Jets and New York Rangers.

Jhumar

Jhumar or Jhoomar is a traditional folk dance of Pakistan. Jhumar originated from the Jhang region of Punjab. It is very popular in the Sandalbar areas of Punjab, Pakistan. It is slower and a more rhythmic form of dancing. The word "Jhumar" comes from Punjabi word "Jhum/Jhoom", meaning Swaying. Jhumar is usually performed at the wedding ceremonies. The dance is usually performed in a circle, to the tune of traditional songs.


Fairview Heights, New Zealand

Fairview Heights is a suburb on the North Shore of Auckland, New Zealand.

Giddha

Giddha (, ਗਿੱਧਾ, ) is a popular folk dance of women in the Punjab region of Pakistan and India. Women perform this dance mainly at festive or social occasions. The dance is accompanied by clapping, with a typical traditional folk song performed by elder women in the background.

Women stand in a circle formation and clap rhythms. A lead woman will recite a "boli" (lyrics) and the entire circle then repeats. The whole form of a giddha song is worked through in this call and response form. Giddha details stories of women's lives, including sexuality.

Giddha is said to be originated from the ancient ring dance which was dominant in Punjab in the olden days. Women show the same level of energy which the men show while performing bhangra. Giddha displays a traditional mode of performing Punjabi femininity, as seen through dress, choreography, and language.

Traditionally, women used to wear salwar kameez and Ghagra in bright colours and jewellery. The attire is completed by dressing the hair in two braids and folk ornaments.

Kikkli

Kikkli is a folk dance of the Punjab region of Pakistan and India. It is performed by young Punjabi women by holding hands and moving in circular motions. It is usually performed in pairs and a variety of songs are used with clapping. 

Kikkli is more of a sport than a dance for young girls. Two girls stands face to face close to each other and hold their hands crossing arms with their bodies inclined back; in this position their arms are stretched to the maximum and hands interlock firmly. Then they wheel round fast continuously with their "dupatta"s floating in the air and anklets making tinkling sound. The other ladies encourages them to go faster and faster by singing songs with clapping. Sometimes it is done by four girls. The folk song related to the dance has much variety.

Mairehau

Mairehau is a suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand. It is four kilometres north of the city centre. The suburb was named after Rose Mairehau (Maire) Hutton (née Rhodes). Mairehau High School was opened in 1961.

The Reeve's Prologue and Tale

The Reeves tale

In Chuacers The Canterbury Tales the 3rd Tale is The Reeve's Tale. Although Oswald The Reeve is on the social scale a serf he is a professional carpender who has risen to become a very efficient estate manager for his Lord. One of the pilgrims the reeve dislikes is the drunken bully Robyn a miller who made the other pilgrims laugh with a amoral tale about a foolish carpender who was clukoled by is unfaithul wife and a boarding college student. In retalation the Reeve tells a tale of how a cheating miller recieved his comupence. At Cambridge University Symkyn the miller grinds the corn and wheat in his mill. He is a bully who cheats his customers with the help of his "golden thumb" (i.e. using his thumb to tip the scale in his favour and overcharge) and claims to be a Yeoman and a Master with a sword and dagger and knives (cf. the coulter in "The Miller's Tale"). to impress his arrogant and snobbish wife [the illigemiate daugther of the town priest]. They have 2 children a 6 month old son and a 20 year old daughter Malyne. (At the time the story was written it was customary for young females to marry as soon as they reached puberty; Malyne is kept as a virgin by her selfish and social climbing parents (and her grandfather) so that she can be married off with a dowry of copper dishes to a wealthy husband of higher social status.) Two Clerical students at cambridge John and Aleyn, try to beat the miller at his own game when they take wheat to be made into flour; Symkyn unites their horse and while they try to catch it, grinds the wheat into flour and makes it into bread. As the students stay in his house for the night they deceided to take revenge on Symkyn and his wife and daugther by the rape of Malyne and her mother. Aleyn forces himself on malyne and John tricks her mother into making love to him. At dawn malyne tells Aleyn where to find the bread behind the cottage door [In a pardoy of Medevial love poems fairwells Aleyn tells Malyne I am thyn own "clerk""; she bids him farewell and adds the comment of "bread in the mill"]; getting up Aleyn mistakes the miller for John and boasts of how he "served the Millers daugther" in the night. Symkyn and Aleyn fight; the student hits Symkyn in the nose causing a nosebleed; in a comedy of errors the wife awakens and thinking her husband is one of the students She takes a club and hits her raging husband by mistake, thinking him one of the students. John and Aleyn beat up the miller and flee, taking with them their horse and the bread made from their stolen grain. Both students ride off and get a good laugh of their revenge with the beating of the cheating Miller and the double humiliation on his wife and daughter; despite their tearful farewells Aleyn has no thought of either Malyne or the fact she is now pregnant with a child which will ruin her parents' plans to make an advantageous marriage for her. Despite their farewells malyne remark of "bread in the mill"—(a slang term for pregnancy, similar to the modern "bun in the oven") and her weeping when he leaves her reveal the poor tragic abused girl knows he will not see her again after stealing her virginty. The Reeve ends his tale with by saying that the story demonstrates the proverb "Hym thar nat wene wil that yvele dooth" (One who does evil fares badly) and concludes "A gylour shal hymself bigyled be" (a deceiver will himself be deceived)(lines 4320–22).
Surinder Kaur

Surinder Kaur ( Punjabi: ਸੁਰਿੰਦਰ ਕੌਰ ; Hindi: सुरिंदर कौर ; 25 November 1929 – 14 June 2006) was a Punjabi singer.

She mostly sang Punjabi folk songs. It is where she is credited and appreciated the most for involving and improving new ideas and popularizing this Folk music genre along with her sister Prakash Kaur. She was also known as 'Nightingale of Punjab'.

Kaur was born to a Punjabi Sikh family in Lahore, Pakistan which was then a part of British India. She was the sister of Parkash Kaur who was a famous Punjabi singer and songwriter. She was influenced by Renu Rajan, a prominent figure in Punjabi folk music.

Surinder Kaur officially made her debut with a live performance on Lahore Radio in August 1943. Later, on August 31, 1943, the two sisters showed their first duet, "mawan te dhiyan ral baithian," for the HMV label.

Kaur died on 14 June 2006 at the age of 77.

A Doordarshan documentary titled, "Punjab Di Koyal" (Nightingale of Punjab), on the life and works of Surinder Kaur was released in 2006. It won the Doordarshan National Award.

Lucknow pact

The Lucknow Pact was an agreement reached between the Indian National Congress and the Muslim League (AIML) at a joint session of both the parties held in Lucknow in December 1916. Through the pact, the two parties agreed to allow representation to religious minorities in the provincial legislatures. Through the pact the two parties allowed people from every religion choose laws .

Both parties presented some common demands to the British. They demanded:


The Lucknow Pact was seen as a beacon of hope to Hindu–Muslim unity. It was the first time that the Hindus and Muslims had made a joint demand for political reform to the British. It led to a growing belief in British India that Home Rule (self-government) was a real possibility. The pact also marked the high-water mark of Hindu-Muslim unity. It established cordial relations between the Muslim League and the Indian National Congress. Before the pact, both parties were viewed as rivals who opposed each other and worked in their own interests. However, the pact brought a change in that view.

The Lucknow Pact also helped in establishing cordial relations between the two prominent groups within the Indian National Congress – the 'extremist' faction led by the Lal Bal Pal trio (Lala Lajpat Rai, Bal Gangadhar Tilak and Bipin Chandra Pal), and the 'moderate' faction led by Gopal Krishna Gokhale until his death in 1915 and later represented by Gandhi. Though Jinnah advocated a separate nation for the Muslims 20 years later, in 1916 he was a member of both Congress and Muslim League, was an associate of Tilak, and hailed as 'ambassador of Hindu-Muslim Unity’
Written BY Saisha Chhabra

Merdingen

Merdingen is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The main industry is vineyard. Jan Ullrich was a notable people until 2002.

Merzhausen

Merzhausen is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Münstertal, Black Forest

Münstertal/Schwarzwald is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is in the Black Forest.

Pfaffenweiler

Pfaffenweiler is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Schallstadt

Schallstadt is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Sölden, Baden-Württemberg

Sölden is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Sankt Märgen

Sankt Märgen is a municipality and a spa town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is about 25 km east of Freiburg im Breisgau.

Polypedates leucomystax

The Java whipping frog, bamboo tree frog, jar tree frog, brown tree frog, common tree frog, common Indian whipping frog, Malayan house frog, four-lined tree frog, common tree frog, or stripe tree frog ("Polypedates leucomystax") is a frog. It lives in India, Nepal, Myanmar, China, Singapore, East Timor, Japan, Cambodia, the Philippines, Thailand, and Bangladesh. People have seen it below 3,000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 50 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 80 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is brown, brown-yellow, or red-brown in color. Most frogs have some markings on their backs.

This frog can live in many different places, including gardens.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living in places that humans have changed.

There is a subspecies: the white-lipped tree frog ("Polypedates leucomystax leucomystax").

Microbrand watches

Microbrand watches are wristwatches made by small, independent watch companies. 

Microbrands, synonymous with the microbrand watch industry, also refer more broadly to small-scale brands recognized primarily in niche communities and among hobbyists.

The inception of microbrands occurred in the early to mid-2000s, coinciding with the rise of the Internet. This technological development allowed these brands to distribute their watches directly to consumers through e-commerce channels, eliminating the need for traditional luxury-associated overheads such as retail locations and extensive marketing budgets.

Sankt Peter, Baden-Württemberg

Sankt Peter is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

St. Peter is a climatic spa within the Southern Black Forest Nature Park. It is on the southern flank of the Kandel and is about 12 miles east of Freiburg im Breisgau.

The municipality of St. Peter has the village of Bürgerschaft, the hamlet of Sägendobel, the settlements of Kandelberg, Neuwelt, Oberibental, Ränke, Rohr, Schmittenbach, Schönhöfe, Seelgut and Willmendobel and the farmsteads of Eckpeterhof, Langeck and Lindlehof.

The Abbey of St. Peter in the Black Forest was founded in 1093 by the Duke of Zähringen, Berthold II as his house abbey and family burial place. The abbey gradually developed around it.


Wolof language

The Wolof language is a language spoken mainly in west Africa, mostly in Senegal. Unlike many other sub-Saharan languages it is not a tonal language.

Antoniadi scale

A scale used to measure astronomical seeing conditions which counts using Roman Numerals I - V (with I being best seeing conditions and V being worst).

Wittnau, Baden-Württemberg

Wittnau is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Wittnau

Wittnau can mean:


Juan López

Juan López Alfaro (1823-1874) He was Leader of the Free State of Isthmus in Panama from (1840-1841) it’s unknown about his childhood or his personal life but he was Leader of Panama

Tomás de Herrera

Tomás José Ramón del Carmen de Herrera y Pérez Dávila (21 December 1804 – 5 December 1854) was a Neogranadine statesman and general who in 1840 became Head of State of the Free State of the Isthmus, a short lived independent state which is in what is now Panama. Tomás de Herrera also became President of the Republic of the New Granada in 1854.

Monica Hanna

Monica Hanna is an Egyptologist. She is Dean at the Arab Academy for Science, Technology & Maritime Transport. She won a 2014 SAFE Beacon Award.

She graduated from American University in Cairo, and from University of Pisa.

She organized the Egyptian Heritage Task Force. She opposed looting of archaeological sites. She opposed moving Sphinxes. She organized a petition for the return of the Rosetta Stone.

Rosarito

Rosarito is a coastal city in Baja California, Mexico. In 2010, 65,278 people lived there. It is south of the US-Mexico border. Rosarito is a part of the greater San Diego–Tijuana region. It is known for its beaches and resorts.

El Rosario, Baja California

El Rosario is a town in Baja California, Mexico. In 2010, 1,704 people lived there. Highway 1 passes through the town. It is 61 km
south of San Quintín and 119 km north of Cataviña.

The economy is based on agriculture. Onions are the major crops here. There are many nearby fishing spots, such as Punta Baja and Isla San Jerónimo.

GNC (company)

GNC is a retail company. It is based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It specializes in health and nutrition related products, including vitamins, supplements, minerals, herbs, sports nutrition, diet, and energy products. It was founded in 1935.

San Quintín, Baja California

San Quintín is a city in the Mexican state of Baja California. In 2010, 4,777 people lived there.

Guasave

Guasave is a city in the Mexican state of Sinaloa. In 2010, 71,196 people lived there.

Cataviña

Cataviña is a town in Baja California, Mexico. In 2010, 159 people lived there. Highway 1 passes through the town. It is 118 km south of El Rosario.

Brisbane Heat

The Brisbane Heat is an Australian professional men's cricket team from Brisbane that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at The Gabba.

The squad of the Brisbane Heat for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 26 September 2023.

Adelaide Strikers

The Adelaide Strikers are an Australian professional men's cricket team from Adelaide that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at Adelaide Oval.

The current squad of the Adelaide Strikers for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 25 September 2023.


Hobart Hurricanes

The Hobart Hurricanes are an Australian professional men's cricket team from Hobart that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at Bellerive Oval in Hobart and at York Park in Launceston.

The current squad of the Hobart Hurricanes for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 7 September 2023.

Melbourne Renegades

The Melbourne Renegades are an Australian professional men's cricket team from Melbourne that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at Docklands Stadium in Melbourne and at Kardinia Park in Geelong.

The current squad of the Melbourne Renegades for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 8 December 2023.

Melbourne Stars

The Melbourne Stars are an Australian men's professional cricket team from Melbourne that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) and occasionally at Lavington Sports Ground in Albury.

The squad of the Melbourne Stars for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 15 January 2024.


Perth Scorchers

The Perth Scorchers are an Australian professional men's cricket team from Perth that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at Perth Stadium.

The Perth Scorchers are the most successful team in the BBL, having won the final five times since the BBL was created in 2011.

The squad of the Perth Scorchers for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 5 December 2023.


Rosario, Agusan del Sur

Rosario is a municipality in the province of Agusan del Sur, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 49,610 people lived there.

Rosario (disambiguation)

Rosario is the largest city in the province of Santa Fe and the third-largest city in Argentina.

Rosario can mean:


Rosario, Batangas

Rosario is a municipality in the province of Batangas, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 128,352 people lived there.

Rosario, Cavite

Rosario is a municipality in the province of Cavite, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 110,807 people lived there. It was formerly known as Salinas.

Rosario, La Union

Rosario is a municipality in the province of La Union, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 60,278 people lived there.

Rosario, Northern Samar

Rosario is a municipality in the province of Northern Samar, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 10,949 people lived there.

Rosario has 11 barangays:

Catarman, Northern Samar

Catarman is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Northern Samar. According to the 2020 census, 97,879 people lived there.

Paulinet

Paulinet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sher Dhan Rai

Sher Dhan Rai (; born 23 February 1971) is a Nepalese politician and Former Chief Minister of Koshi Province, a province in eastern part of Nepal. He was elected parliamentary party leader of CPN (UML), the largest party in the provincial assembly, on 9 February 2018. Rai was subsequently appointed as chief minister on 14 February 2018. 

He was previously elected to the 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly, winning the Bhojpur–2 seat for the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist–Leninist). Rai also served as a cabinet minister in the Government of Nepal, and was appointed Minister of Information and Communications in the first Oli cabinet.

Payrin-Augmontel

Payrin-Augmontel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sydney Sixers

The Sydney Sixers are an Australian professional men's cricket team from Sydney that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at the Sydney Cricket Ground (SCG) and at North Sydney Oval.

The current squad of the Sydney Sixers for the 2023–24 Big Bash League season as of 27 September 2023.


Sydney Thunder

The Sydney Thunder is an Australian professional men's cricket team from Sydney that plays in the Big Bash League (BBL). They play their home games at Sydney Showground Stadium.

Yoweri Hunter Wacha-Olwol

Mzee Yoweri Hunter Wacha-Olwol (1923-2017), was a prominent figure in Uganda’s history, from the years of the country's pursuance for independence from Britain to the subsequent post-colonial times. From a devoted Educator in various schools and Civil Servant in several government institutions and Boards, and later, as one of the country’s representatives who went to the United Kingdom in 1961 to negotiate for Uganda’s Independence from Great Britain. Wacha-Olwol was later nominated as a member of the three-man Presidential Commission that governed the affairs of the State of Uganda from May 22 to December 15 1980. This was after the Military Commission headed by and deputized by Yoweri Kaguta Museveni overthrew the government of President Godfey Lukongwa Binaisa in May 1980. Wacha-Olwol also served as the Clan Leader of Okii Me Okabo Fraternity continuously from 1990 until his demise in 2017.

Wacha-Olwol was duly accorded a State Funeral by H.E Yoweri Kaguta Museveni the President of Uganda in honour of his prominence and contributions as a Member of the Presidential Commission that governed Uganda from May to December 1980.  The era during which Mzee Wacha-Olwol and his two colleagues; Justice Polycarp Nyamuchoncho and Justice Saul (Saulo) Musoke served as Interim Government, saw three governments in less than two years after the fall of Idi Amin on April 11, 1979: from Idi Amin, the Prof. Yusuf Kironde Lule government was in office for 70 days (April to June, 1979), followed by Godfrey Lukongwa Binaisa who ruled for close to a year and the Military/Presidential Commission which led to the general elections of 1980 that brought in the Obote II regime! Wacha-Olwol and his two colleagues are credited with providing titular leadership of State that handed power over to Dr. Apollo Milton Obote after the December 12, 1980 general elections.

Most people didn’t know who Wacha-Olwol was on his passing. The Rt. Hon. Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda in paying tribute to Wacha-Olwol stated “It is clear that we need to teach our history and current affairs better, especially to the young generation, to ensure that the people and significant milestones in our country’s journey, are well documented, understood and appreciated by the current and future generations.” President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni twitted, “I first met him in 1970 after I joined the President's Office as a Research Officer, where he was PS. Shortly after, there was the Amin coup."

Wacha-Olwol was born on Monday 19 November 1923 at Loro Gombolola, then the Atura County (the present Oyam County). The present site of Loro Secondary School is exactly where he was born.

At the time of his birth, his father Erieza Olwol was working as a clerk to the Gombolola Chief of Loro, Yosia Omara who was a prominent figure of the Inomo clan. His mother was called Cakayo Akulo but was later baptised Loi then she became known as Atat Loi Akullo. His mother was a sister to Yosia Omara the Gombolola Chief.  It was on a mutual understanding and appreciation of his father’s service to the Chief Yosia Omara and the people of Loro at large that he chose his sister as a wife to Wacha-Olwol’s father.  In reality, his mother was given to his father as a sign of love and loyalty for the services that his father rendered to the Chief. His father belonged to the Okii Me Okabo Clan. He originated from Akokoro Gombolola, Maruzi County from an area called Apoi Village, which was predominantly occupied by Okii Me Okabo Clan. His mother hailed from Loro which was also predominantly occupied by the Inomo Clan.

He attended Loro Preparatory School in 1931 then joined Loro Elementary Vernacular School between 1932-1935.  He went to Boroboro Central School in 1936-1938. Boroboro Central School at the time was the only highest academic school of learning in then Lango District (now Lira and Apac District s) with only two classes; Central I and Central II.  He joined Kabalega Secondary School, Masindi, in Bunyoro District where he attended Junior Secondary School I to III from 1939-1941.  In 1941, the Ugandan Government introduced Junior Secondary III Leaving Examination for the first time.  Wacha-Olwol was among the first three students at Kabelega Secondary School to sit the examination. He was then admitted to King’s College Budo in 1942 where he studied for three years and sat for the Uganda Senior School Leaving Examination at the end of 1944. His long-standing admiration for teachers compelled him to enroll at Teacher Training College in Mukono between 1945-1946 where he qualified as a Primary School Teacher.

In 1947 the Government set up a Rehabilitation Centre at Lira (now Lira Technical Institute) where he taught for one year. Between 1948-1949, he was posted by the Church of Uganda to teach in Aboke at Aculbanya Primary School. In 1950, he was posted to teach at Boroboro Teachers Training College. He gave up teaching at the beginning of 1953 and joined then Lango African Local Government as a clerk to the Lango District Council. He worked mainly as a Personal Assistant to Yakobo Adoko who was the Chief Executive Officer known as Rwot Adwong (Paramount Chief).

Wacha-Olwol was sponsored by the District Administration for further studies in the United Kingdom at Torquay for one academic year where he attained a Diploma in Social and Public Administration in 1958.  On return from the UK, he was appointed as Secretary to the District Council. In 1960, he was selected by the District Council to represent Lango District Administration at the Constitutional Conference in London to prepare Uganda for Independence.  He equally attended the second conference in London to finalise discussion on Uganda Independence.  Uganda became independent on 9 October 1962 under the leadership of Dr. Apollo Milton Obote.

Following attainment of Independence, District Administration in Uganda underwent changes by enactment of laws by Uganda Legislative Council. Local Government were given more powers to run most of the local services such as Education, Health Services, Water Supply and Infrastructure. This led to the appointment of a Chief Executive Officer for each district known as the Secretary General.  The post of Rwot Adwong (Paramount Chief) was to be abolished which led to Wacha-Olwol’s nomination as the Secretary General of Lango District Administration. At that time, Lango was one District with seven counties and 42 sub counties. This was also the time when the Constitutional Heads (Won Nyaci) of District were appointed for the district of Lango.  Yekosofati Engur was appointed as the Won Nyaci of Lango until 1966 when the post of Constitutional Heads of Uganda districts was abolished.  This included the abolition of the ; Kabaka of Buganda, Omukama of Tooro, Bunyoro and Ankole.

In July 1963, he was appointed Assistant District Commissioner of Acholi to replace Charles Kole Oboth-Ofumbi who was murdered by Idi Amin together with Reverend Janani Luwum the Archbishop of Church of Uganda and Erinayo Oryema the Inspector General of police. In 1964, Wacha-Olwol relocated to Gulu which was the district head quarter of Acholiland.  By then Acholi District was one district comprising of East and West Acholi. It was the largest district in Uganda; on the East being Karamoja District and on the West the River Nile which was the boundary of West Nile including Moyo District, on the South Lango and Bunyoro District and on the North, Sudan.

In August 1966, he was appointed to the post of Principal Assistant Secretary and posted to the Ministry of Local Government headquarters as an Inspector of Local Administrations. In 1967 he was promoted to the post of Under Secretary and moved to the Office of The Minister of Public Service and Cabinet Affairs in the President’s Office at Entebbe dealing with procedural Administration. In 1968, he was promoted to Permanent Secretary. He occupied the post until he was retired by the Amin military regime in 1972 that deposed the Obote I government forcing then President Milton Obote into exile in Tanzania.  He went into business by setting up a commercial shop in Lira town following his exodus as Permanent Secretary.

After the murder of Rev. Janani Luwum, the Inspector of Police Erinayo Oryema and the Secretary to the cabinet, Charles Kole Oboth-Ofumbi; Wacha-Olwol states in his interview with the Daily Monitor on December 13, 2014 that him and his business associates, Otim Obina and Omara Obua of Omara Obua Bus Company were forced into hiding because the Amin regime begun looking for all prominent Lango and all other tribes who were suspected to be supporters of UPC or relatives and close associates of deposed President Milton Obote.  

The news reached him in Kampala and he was forced to go in hiding at a neighbour’s house.  In the meantime, his sons James Apali and Fred Olwol, came to his rescue.  He didn’t wish to go into exile so he decided to continue hiding at his friend’s residence called Yovan Ochan in Anaka He stayed there for one month but had to get up very early in the morning equipped with a shout gun, and go to the park to hide himself under the shades of trees, occasionally facing wild animals like elephants and buffalos. His host soon became scared when word of Wacha-Olwol’s presence in the area begun to get around within the community.

Mr. Ochan had a tractor which he used to transport Wacha-Olwol during the night from Anaka to Loro Gombolola, his birth place, where he again continued to go into hiding at a relative’s home by the name of Mr. Fenekasi Angole. After hiding for a month, he sent a message secretly to his wife ALICE.  Elated to hear that her husband was alive, she immediately made arrangements for her husband to flee to Kenya. Alice bundled all their children and joined Wacha-Olwol in exile until after the liberation war of Uganda in 1979 when .

Whilst in exile, they initially stayed in Nairobi and later settled in Bungoma-Western Kenya. Life in exile was not as bad as anticipated; the family had all the basic necessities they needed though the money allocated to them as refugees was not quite adequate. Wacha-Olwol had a pickup truck which they then leased out to raise some income. Wacha-Olwol kept in touch with Dr. Obote who was also exiled in Dar-es-Salaam. He helped recruit some young Ugandans exiled in Kenya at the same time e.g. Lt Col John Charles Ogole and sent them to Tanzania to join the liberation war of Uganda.

Wacha-Olwol and his family eventually returned to Uganda in May 1979 during the liberation war when the southern part of Uganda was already liberated. He stayed in Kampala given that Northern Uganda including Lira his home district was not yet liberated.

In 1979 after the liberation war, the Liberators identified Prof. Yusuf Lule as the next President of Uganda. His time in power was short-lived; he was ousted and replaced by Mr. Godfrey Binaisa. In May 1980, Binaisa was similarly expelled from presidency and Wacha-Olwol was appointed the Presidential Commissioner together with two High Court Judges; Justice Polycarp Nyamuchoncho and Justice Saul (Saulo) Musoke. The trio governed until the general election for Members of Parliament in December 1980 when they handed over power to the elected government of UPC under the leadership of Dr. Apollo Milton Obote as the President of UPC and Republic of Uganda. Wacha-Olwol subsequently continued to serve Uganda in various capacities viz.:


When the National Resistance Movement(NRM) took over government in 1986, Wacha-Olwol and his affliates; Henry Makmot who was Deputy Minister in the defunct UPC government, Mr. Omara Ojungu and Omara Atubo, founded Lango Community Association to assist victims of torture as well as the displaced persons who were victimized for being affiliated to the UPC government. Wacha-Olwol and his associates helped many displaced people of Lango get settled between 1986 to the millennium era 2000.

Alice Labol Ochola-Wacha, Mzee-Wacha’s wife whose father died young, proved to be the pillar of her father and husband’s home. Hailing from the (Paramount Chief) Rwot Ogwok lineage of Padibe,[1] Lamwo District in , she became a maternal soldier to all her siblings. Her brother, Obol-Ochola who became an outstanding legal scholar, celebrated advocate and politician, was brought up in her home. So were her other brothers David Otti-Ochola of BAT (British American Tobacco) and William Lunyuta-Ochola, a professional hotelier as well as her younger sister Margaret Laloyo-Ochola, a social worker. Her nephews, nieces and many other relatives and friends also spent happy years in the Wacha-Olwol household. Alice brought up all the children in their lives with genuine love and affection. Alice was working as a social worker in Lira at the time after which, she took up hosting at Radio Uganda.  She used to tell stories on the radio and give good advice to women about home, cooking, children and other subjects. She was well known for her ‘ododo’ (folk tales) and many tuned into the programme just to listen to her. 

While the children were growing up, Alice embarked on a new career. She begun working at Bank of Uganda and was there for many years. At the time Alice and Wacha-Olwol were living at Entebbe. Both Alice & Wacha-Olwol made many friends and were popular with their colleagues. They both enjoyed working and always worked hard.

Another career then begun for Alice; she opened up a boutique on Kampala Road to preserve and promote the affluence of African print clothing. Her tailoring company, Peacock Fashioners Ltd. became one of the most popular boutiques in Uganda. The boutique appealed to multitudes all over the world. The wife of Zambian President Mrs Chiluba, the late musician Bob Marley’s mother, the South African singer Yvonne Chaka Chaka to name but a few, all frequented the boutique. Hilary Clinton visited the shop as well when she was in Uganda. Alice also made uniforms for Sheraton Hotel, Reverend Skinner’s singing group Watoto, who toured the world. Peacock had fashion shows on television and equally exported its merchandise overseas. Everyone knew Mrs Wacha from Peacock Fashions and the shop became a meeting place for many people, a place where they knew they would be welcomed.

Mzee-Wacha and Alice were gentle souls who tried to help those in need in all possible ways within their reach. Alice’s spiritual conviction was partly formed and vindicated by their personal experiences.

At the funeral of their son, James Apali, Alice prayed fervently to God to give her a sign that their son was in heaven. Many were present with her when someone pointed out to a rainbow that appeared in the sky. It was so bright. Hanging in a firmament, so low and falling down the horizon, so near to them that the awe stricken mourners could not help but gasp in awe. Alice built a monument where the rainbow fell in the form of a bible that stands today and can be seen by visitors to Amach where Apali was buried.

Alice was a born again Christian. She not only prayed regularly, but also lived a true Christian life. Her heart was pure so was Mzee-Wacha’s nature.  Many hearts were filled with sadness at their passing. The vacuum they left remains empty. Although some will say that time will ease pain and others say God only takes the best and the pictures fade over the years, the memory of beautiful Alice and altruistic Wacha-Olwol will never die.

To all who loved Alice and Wacha-Olwol; there was a light in the dark in their presence, their smile, the gift of laughter they brought to all; the joy the kindness will remain in many hearts forever. To all people who knocked, they opened the door, to those who asked they gave, to those who were naked they clothed. The world is grateful to have had a chance to have known them and thank God for the gift that was their life.

May The Almighty God Rest Their Souls In Eternal Peace: Alice Labol Ochola Wacha: 1933 – 1999. Mzee Yoweri Hunter Wacha-Olwol: 1923-2017.

Mzee Yoweri Hunter Wacha-Olwol was an effective Administrator, Arbitrator, Nationalist and a Gentleman who rose from humble beginnings to national prominence and leadership.

Him and Alice had eight CHILDREN; Grace Wacha-Okia, Jackie Otunnu-Wacha, Lucy Wacha, James Apali Kamale-Wacha (RIP), Judy Wacha, Sunday Wacha Olwol (RIP), Lillian Wacha and Juliana Wacha. He had one child from his first wife; Peter Wacha AND  his second wife bore; Fred Olwol, Celia Wacha (RIP), Guy Okori Wacha (RIP), Martin Wacha (RIP), Richard Okao Wacha, Sarah Wacha.

In his lifetime Mzee Wacha-Olwol was blessed with several GRANDCHILDREN including but not limited to; Cleopatra Kamale-Wacha, Fiona Kamale-Wacha, Klaus Wacha-Olwol, Yvonne Kamale-Wacha, Priscilla Kamale-Wacha, Kimberly Kamale-Wacha, Loi Elizabeth Wacha, Francis Mutyaba-Wacha, Julian Mutyaba-Wacha, Juliana Atim-Wacha, Victoria Wacha, Arianna Wacha-Salmon, Bruce Wacha, Michael Wacha, Malik Wacha, Linda Wacha, Derrick Wacha, Ben Wacha, Philip Wacha, Jojo Wacha,…

GREAT GRANDCHILDREN include; Thyra Oji-Ms Banks, Nia Kamale-Wacha, Thalia Wacha-Engola, Tiana Wacha-Engola, Ava Wacha-Mutembe, Elijah Mutahi Gateran, Arielle James Gateran, Jodie Kamale-Wacha Inneh, Simi Kamale-Wacha Adeleye, Jada Kamale-Wacha Adeleye, Jasher Kamale-Wacha Adeleye, Imani Ferris-Wacha, Alayah Ferris-Wacha, Carmen Wacha Fooks, Julian Wacha Fooks, Neveah Wacha Penfold, Zian Wacha Clark…


[1] “The standing army of Padibe Kingdom was the most powerful all over Acholi-land, thanks to the diplomacy and political manoeuvres of Rwot Ogwok…” Charles Amone, Reasons for the British Choice of the Acholi as the Martial Race of Uganda 1862-1962, Gulu University, May 2014.
Sheffield Shield

The Sheffield Shield (also known as the Marsh Sheffield Shield for sponsorship reasons) is the domestic first-class cricket competition of Australia. The tournament is played by six teams, each representing one of the six states.

The Sheffield Shield is named after Henry Holroyd, 3rd Earl of Sheffield, better known as Lord Sheffield.

Since 1977–78, all six states of Australia have fielded their own team. There is no team for any of the territories. Details of each team are set out below.

Guitar in my Room

“Guitar in my Room” is a song by music video director Cole Bennett created for his music video directing company Lyrical Lemonade. It is a song from Bennett and his company’s debut album All Is Yellow. It features guest vocals from American rappers Lil Durk and Kid Cudi. The song’s video was premiered on the day of its release. 

The song is based off an essay titled “Guitar in my Wall”, saying: “I’m in the room with my guitar. Tryna pull it out the wall”, which Lil Durk rewrites, “I’m in the room with my guitar. Tryna pull it, I’m a star.” 

2023–24 Sheffield Shield season

The 2023–24 Sheffield Shield season is the 122nd season of the Sheffield Shield, the domestic first-class cricket competition being played in Australia. The tournament started in October 2023. Western Australia are the defending champions. In June 2023, Cricket Australia revealed the fixtures of the tournament.

Queensland cricket team

The Queensland men's cricket team, also called the Queensland Bulls, represents Queensland in Australian state cricket competitions.

Orlando Solar Bears

The Orlando Solar Bears are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2012. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Orlando, Florida at Kia Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Syracuse Crunch of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team was started in 2012 by Joe Haleski, Bob Ohrablo, and Jason Siegel. They would name the team the Orlando Solar Bears. Another team called the Orlando Solar Bears played in the International Hockey League (NHL) from 1995 until 2001. They would also keep the original Solar Bears colors. 

On October 12, 2012, the team would play their first game as the Orlando Solar Bears. They would be defeated by the Florida Everblades 5–4 in overtime.

In the 2017–18 season, the Solar Bears would make it to their first playoffs. They would finish third in the South Division but would lose to the Florida Everblades four games to one in the Division Finals.

On August 13, 2018, the Solar Bears and the Tampa Bay Lightning announced their affiliation. The Icemen were previously affiliates with the Minnesota Wild and New York Rangers.

New South Wales cricket team

The New South Wales men's cricket team, also called the NSW Blues, represents New South Wales in Australian state cricket competitions.

South Australia cricket team

The South Australia men's cricket team, also called the West End Redbacks, represents South Australia in Australian state cricket competitions.

Tasmania cricket team

The Tasmanian men's cricket team, also called the Tasmanian Tigers, represents Tasmania in Australian state cricket competitions.

Victoria cricket team

The Victoria men's cricket team represents Victoria in Australian state cricket competitions.

Western Australia cricket team

The Western Australia men's cricket team represents Western Australia in Australian state cricket competitions.

Savannah Ghost Pirates

The Savannah Ghost Pirates are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2022. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Savannah, Georgia at Enmarket Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Henderson Silver Knights of the American Hockey League (AHL).

After the Enmarket Arena was built in January 2021, Savannah decided to look around for a sports team to play in it. Andy Kaufman (also owner of the Jacksonville Icemen) was awarded an expansion team by the ECHL Board of Directors on January 27, 2021. On October 27, 2021, the team's name was revealed as the Savannah Ghost Pirates. It was chosen in a name-the-team contest. 

On October 22, 2022, the team would play their first game as the Savannah Ghost Pirates. They would defeat the Greenville Swamp Rabbits 5–4 in overtime.

On May 19, 2022, the Ghost Pirates and the Vegas Golden Knights announced their affiliation.

Dance the Night Away (The Mavericks song)

"Dance the Night Away" is a 1998 song by American band The Mavericks and is the leading single from their fifth studio album "Trampoline". It went to number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Scotland and number 9 in Ireland. It also went to number 63 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 72 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart.

US 7-inch single

UK CD single

European CD single

European and Australian maxi-CD single

Elongated Man

The Elongated Man (real name Randolph William "Ralph" Dibny) is a fictional character and comic book superhero in the DC Comics universe. He is a superhero with the ability to stretch his body great lengths, and one of the world's greatest detectives. Despite his prominence in the superhero community. He is a member of three incarnations of the Justice League, and was close to his wife, whom joined him on multiple mysteries alongside being a honorary member of the League.

The character has won and been nominated for several awards over the years, including winning the 1961 Alley Award for Best Supporting Character.

He was created by the late John Broome, and the late Carmine Infantino, and his first appearance was in "The Flash vol. 1, #112" (May 12, 1960).

The character made his live-action debut on The CW's live-action Arrowverse television series "The Flash", portrayed by Hartley Sawyer. In June 2020, following controversy surrounding resurfaced social media posts involving racist and misogynistic references, Sawyer was fired from the series.

Ice (character)

Ice (real name Tora Olafsdotter) is a superheroine from DC Comics, and is a member of the Justice League, the Justice League International, and Global Guardians. She is a female super-hero with magic-cryokinetic powers. Despite her shy and reserved personality, she is an extremely powerful metahuman. There was a traumatic event in her childhood in Norway where she accidentally killed her own father. Her best friend is Fire and her most regular romantic interest is Guy Gardner, one of the Green Lanterns.

She was created by the late Keith Giffen, J. M. DeMatteis, and Kevin Maguire, and she first appeared in "Justice League International" #12 in April of 1988.

Fire (comics)

Fire (real name Beatriz "Bea" Bonilla da Costa), previously known as Green Fury and Green Flame, is a comic book superheroine appearing in publications by DC Comics. She is a Brazilian super model turned government agent turned superhero after an accident granted her the ability to generate green flames. Originally created for the "Super Friends" comic book, she was introduced into mainstream continuity after the Crisis on Infinite Earths. She has been a member of the Global Guardians, Justice League International, Super Buddies and Checkmate.

She was created by Ramona Fradon and the late E. Nelson Bridwell, and first appeared in "Super Friends #25" in October of 1979.

Michelle Hurd played Fire in the 1997 pilot movie "Justice League of America". Natalie Morales went by the name "Green Fury" in an episode of the 2017 series "Powerless".

Rotimi Akeredolu

Oluwarotimi Odunayo Akeredolu (July 21, 1956 - December 27, 2023), simply known as Rotimi Akeredolu was a Nigerian lawyer and politician. He was the former executive governor of Ondo State from 2017 until his death in 2023 as a result of cancer, according to the BBC. He was considered a fighter and was described by Bola Tinubu as "a fearless defender who had fought for the masses" in a tribute.

Black Bolt

Blackagar Boltagon, better known as Black Bolt, is a fictional character and superhero that appears in the Marvel Comics universe, appearing as the titular protagonist of his comics, one of the main protagonists in the "Inhumans" comics, and supporting character in other comics such as the "Fantastic Four".

He is an Inhuman, an offshoot of humans who were genetically altered by the Kree, and is the ruler of Attilan and his fellow Inhumans. Though empowered by his physiology, his signature power is his hypersonic voice, and doesn't speak as it will cause massive destruction and uses translators or sing-language to speak to others. He is the member of the Inhuman Royal family and Universal Inhumans, and has been a member of the Illuminati alongside Mr. Fantastic, Iron Man, Doctor Strange, Professor X, and Namor the Sub-Mariner.

He was a created by the late Stan Lee and the late Jack Kirby, and first appeared in "Fantastic Four #45" in December of 1965.

Since his debut in the comics, he has appeared in numerous media in television and video games. On ABC's "Inhumans", which is part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), he was portrayed by Anson Mount, who reprised his role as an alternate version of the character in "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022).

Daisy Johnson

Daisy Louise Johnson, also known as Quake, is a fictional character and superheroine from Marvel Comics, appearing as a major character in the "Secret Wars" comics, a supporting character in the "New Avengers" comics, and one of the main characters of the "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." and the "Force Works" comics.

She is the daughter of the supervillain Mr. Hyde with the inherited gift with the ability to cause earthquakes via vibrations, and later became a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent. Acting as Nick Fury's loyal right-hand, she was forced to leave the agency when Maria Hill replaced Fury following his war against Latveria. Later going by the codename "Quake", Johnson would become the leader of the Secret Warriors, the Warriors, and has been a member of the Avengers and Force Works.

She was created by Brian Michael Bendis and Gabriele Dell'Otto, and first appeared in "Secret Wars #2" in July-May of 2004.

Since her debut, Quake has appeared in numerous media, such as in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) television series, "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.", where she was portrayed by Chloe Bennet.

Abra Kadabra (character)

Abra Kadabra (Citizen Abra) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is an enemy to the Flash from the 64th Century who uses advanced technology to make it appear as though he is using magic. His prowess and sadistic attitude make him one of the Flash's most dangerous villains. Later he becomes an actual magic-user when he gains powers through a deal with Neron. He has been a member of the Rogues, the Injustice Gang and the Secret Society of Super Villains.

"Abra Kadabra" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #128 (1962).

Abra Kadabra has made several animated appearances and appeared in two episodes of the live-action Arrowverse series, "The Flash", portrayed by David Dastmalchian.

Al Iafrate

Albert Anthony Iafrate ( ; born March 21, 1966) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who played in the National Hockey League in 1984 and 1998. He is most famous for his very hard slapshot. He set a record for speed during the NHL Skills Competition of 1993, which was a record for 16 years. The speed of the slapshot was . The record was broken in 2009 by Zdeno Chára of the Boston Bruins with a slapshot at 105.4 mph in Montreal. Iafrate was born in Dearborn, Michigan, and grew up in Livonia, Michigan.

Iafrate was given the nickname "the Planet" by "The Boston Globe" writer Kevin Paul Dupont for his not regular personality.

Throughout the world, Iafrate has been on the United States team at the 1984 Winter Olympics and 1998 IIHF World Championship.

As a child, Iafrate played in the 1979 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with a minor ice hockey team from Detroit.

Iafrate was chosen fourth overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1984 NHL Entry Draft after a big career with the Windsor Compuware Spitfires and a short stay with the Belleville Bulls of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). Iafrate played for Team USA in the 1984 Winter Olympics at Sarajevo, Yugoslavia. During the summer of 1984 Iafrate was driving a car with teammate Mike Vellucci when it crashed and flipped several times. Vellucci broke his back in the accident and could not play in the 1984–85 season, while Iafrate broke some ribs.

Iafrate started his NHL career with the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1984 and played 68 games as a new blue liner, scoring 21 points for the team. One of his best moments came during his fourth season in the league when his heavy slapshot helped him score 22 goals and 52 points. Injuries made him only play 65 games and 33 points in the year after. After, he was allowed back in the 1989–90 season, scoring 21 goals and 63 points and making a return to the All-Star Game playing on the Maple Leafs. After 41 games in Toronto, Iafrate was added to the Washington Capitals in a trade for Peter Zezel and Bob Rouse. Toronto General Manager Floyd Smith was aware of what he had traded in the deal: "This year he hasn't played like an All-Star, and he'd be the first to admit that, but he certainly has the ability."

Cabinet (album)

Cabinet is the debut studio album by Spawn of Possession. The album was released on January 14, 2003.

Reddell, Louisiana

Reddell is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Evangeline Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lydia, Louisiana

Lydia is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Iberia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Bayou Goula, Louisiana

Bayou Goula is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Crescent, Louisiana

Crescent is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Dorseyville, Louisiana

Dorseyville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ossun, Louisiana

Ossun is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Lafayette Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Watson, Louisiana

Watson is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Livingston Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Brainbombs (2007 compilation)

Brainbombs is a compilation by Swedish noise rock band Brainbombs in 2007 by Polly Maggoo Records which compiles songs made by the band from 1993 to 2007. The last 12 tracks are from a show at ROCK ALL, Oslo.

Empire, Louisiana

Empire is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Port Sulphur, Louisiana

Port Sulphur is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Triumph, Louisiana

Triumph is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Venice, Louisiana

Venice is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ventress, Louisiana

Ventress is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Deville, Louisiana

Deville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Start, Louisiana

Start is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Richland Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Bayou Gauche, Louisiana

Bayou Gauche is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Montz, Louisiana

Montz is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

New Sarpy, Louisiana

New Sarpy is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Norco, Louisiana

Norco is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Paradis, Louisiana

Paradis is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

St. Rose, Louisiana

St. Rose is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Taft, Louisiana

Taft is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Nayland, New Zealand

Nayland is a suburb of Nelson and is north of Stoke, close to Nelson Airport and is southwest of Nelson City. It has three schools including a high school in the suburb.

Jelta Wong

Jelta Wong is a Papua New Guinean politician. He was first elected to the 10th National Parliament for the Gazelle Open seat in the 2017 General Elections as a United Resource Party candidate. He has been appointed as Minister for Health and HIV/AIDS in two separate terms both under Prime Minister James Marape, after being Minister for Police under Prime Minister Peter O'Neill.

Münchausen syndrome by proxy

The similarly-named Münchausen syndrome is a condition where a person fakes or invents medical problems to get more attention from a caregiver. In the Münchausen syndrome by proxy a patient is substituted: a caregiver invents health problems in another person, so that the patient will get more attention. Very often, this person is their child. Sometimes, people injure their children, or they change test samples for one that will give a different, more serious result. 

Münchausen Syndrome is also known as Factitious Disorder Imposed on Self, "factitious" being another word for "fake." Likewise, Münchausen Syndrome by Proxy is known as Factitious Disorder Imposed on Another. Usually, the caregiver does not get specific benefits from their behavior. Sometimes, the people cared for get serious or permanent health problems, up to and including fatal results.

The cause of the syndrome is unknown. The main motive may be to get attention and manipulate physicians. Risk factors include pregnancy related complications, and a mother who was abused as a child or has factitious disorder imposed on self. The condition is often discovered when the child is removed from the mother's care, and the child's health suddenly improves. Sometimes, video surveillance to collect evidence is set up without the suspected person's knowing it.

Those affected have been subjected to a form of physical abuse and medical neglect.

Usually, the condition is solved by social welfare services attention. This may involve putting the child in foster care. Therapy may help when the caregiver realizes they need help. How commonly it occurs is unknown. It appears to be relatively rare, though. More than 95% of cases involve a person's mother. The condition was first named in 1977 by Roy Meadow. The presence of the disorder may indicate criminal behavior.

George H.W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum

The George H.W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum is the presidential library and burial site of George H. W. Bush, the 41st president of the United States and his wife Barbara Bush. The west campus of Texas A&M University at 1000 George Bush Drive West in College Station, Texas. The library is one of ran by the National Archives and Records Administration.

The library was dedicated on November 6, 1997, as the George Bush Presidential Library and Museum. The library was rededicated on November 10, 2007.

Bush's daughter Pauline Robinson Bush was originally buried at Putnam Cemetery in Greenwich, Connecticut, but was re-buried at the library in 2000.

Barbara Bush was buried on April 21, 2018, following her death on April 17, 2018.

George H. W. Bush was buried on December 6, 2018, following his death on November 30, 2018.

Péchaudier

Péchaudier is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Peyregoux

Peyregoux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Peyrole

Peyrole is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Pont-de-Larn

Pont-de-Larn is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Poudis

Poudis is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Poulan-Pouzols

Poulan-Pouzols is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Prades, Tarn

Prades is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Pratviel

Pratviel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Puéchoursi

Puéchoursi is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Puybegon

Puybegon is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Jean-Dominique Senard

Jean-Dominique Senard (born 7 March 1953) is a French businessman.

Senard is the chairman of Renault, a car company. from May 2012 till January 2019, he is CEO of Michelin. Senard was the first Michelin CEO not related to the Michelin family.

He graduates in 1976 from HEC Paris.

Puycalvel

Puycalvel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Puycelsi

Puycelsi (before 2011: "Puycelci") is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Puylaurens

Puylaurens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Rabastens

Rabastens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Rayssac

Rayssac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Réalmont

Réalmont is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Rialet

Le Rialet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Riols

Le Riols is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Rivières, Tarn

Rivières is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Ronel

Ronel is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Terre-de-Bancalié.

Kennedy Noble

Kennedy Noble is an American swimmer. She won gold medals in 200 metres backstroke, and Mixed 4x100 metres Medley Relay, at the 2023 Pan American Games.

She swam for Millennium High School.

She won the 100 metres backstroke at the 2019 Junior Nationals.

She competed at the 2021 FINA Swimming World Cup.

She swims for North Carolina State University.


Rosário do Sul

Rosário do Sul is an Brazilian municipality in the southwestern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul. In 2020, 39,314 people lived here. Its area is 4,369.65 km². Its elevation is 151 m. It is about 380 km west of the state capital Porto Alegre.

Genital wart

Genital warts are a sexually transmitted infection caused by certain types of human papillomavirus (HPV). They typically appear as small bumps on the skin of the penis, vulva, cervix and anus. They may be flat or project out from the surface of the skin, and their color may vary; brownish, white, pale yellow, pinkish-red, or gray. There may be a few individual warts or several, either in a cluster or merged together in a cauliflower shape. Usually they cause few symptoms, but can occasionally be painful. They can be itchy or burn. Typically they appear one to eight months after exposure. Warts are the most easily recognized symptom of genital HPV infection.

Such warts are usually caused by HPV types 6 and 11. They are spread through direct skin-to-skin contact, usually during oral, genital, or anal sex with an infected partner. Diagnosis is generally based on symptoms and can be confirmed by biopsy. The types of HPV that cause cancer are not the same as those that cause warts.

There are vaccines against HPV. Some of these vaccines can prevent genital warts; using a condom also does, as it removes the direct skin-to-skin contact.

As treatment, there are creams that include substances such as podohpyllin, imiquimod, or trichloracetic acid. Cryotherapy or surgery may also be an option. After treatment warts often resolve within six months. Without treatment, in up to a third of cases they resolve on their own.

About 1% of people in the United States have genital warts. Many people,who are infected do not have symptoms. Without vaccination nearly all sexually active people will get some type of HPV at one point in their lives. The disease has been known at least since the time of Hippocrates in 300 BC.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Genital herpes

Rosario, Uruguay

Rosario, also known as Rosario Oriental, Villa del Rosario or Rosario del Colla, is a city in Colonia Department in Uruguay. About 10,000 people lived there. The current mayor is Daniel Dibot.
Rosario is on the right bank of the stream Arroyo Colla, which flows into the river Rosario. It is about 60 km west of the departmental capital Colonia del Sacramento. Rosario is on Route 2 at the intersection with Route 1.

The city was founded on 24 January 1775 by Benito Herosa. It got city status on 17 August 1920.


Altos del Rosario

Altos del Rosario is a municipality in the Bolívar Department in northern Colombia.

Rosario de la Frontera

Rosario de la Frontera is a city in the Salta Province in Argentina. In 2010, 26,174 people lived there.

Midazolam

Midazolam is a drug. It is used as a sedative, it calms people down. It is also used as an anesthetic. It will make people sleepy. It also causes anterograde amnesia In some parts of the world it is known as Versed. 

Midazolam is a benzodiazepine. This means that people will get addicted to it, if they take it for a longer period of time. 

The drug does not make people to become unconscious, it only sedates them. Midazolam is also used to treat long-lasting seizures. Most often, a seizure is short. Midazolam is available in different forms; there are tablets to be taken by mouth, there is a solution that can be injected, and there are ways to allow to give it anally. There's also a spray. When it is injected, it usually starts working within as little as five minutes. Effects last between one and six hours. 

Side effects include a decrease in efforts to breathe, low blood pressure, and sleepiness. Tolerance to its effects and withdrawal syndrome may occur after long-term use. Paradoxical effects, such as increased activity, can occur especially in children and older people. There is evidence of risk when used during pregnancy but no evidence of harm with a single dose during breastfeeding. Like other benzodiazepines, it works by increasing the activity of the GABA neurotransmitter in the brain.

Midazolam was patented in 1974 and came into medical use in 1982. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. Midazolam is available as a generic medication.In many countries, it is a controlled substance. This means that a medical prescription is required to get it. 

In the past, midazolam has been used for the following: 


Rachita Arora

Rachita Arora is a singer and music composer in Indian movies. She is best known for her work in the Anurag Kashyap movie Mukkabaaz.

She started her career by composing music for theatre plays in Delhi. She met Makarand Deshpande in Mumbai who liked her work and asked her to produce music for him. She composed music for theatre before entering into film industry.

She did her first film Newton with Rajkummar Rao. She also composed music for ‘Mumbai Paani Mafia’ a documentary telecast on Discovery Channel, India.

She comes from Delhi and is trained in Hindustani classical music.

Rupi Kaur

Rupi Kaur (born 4 October 1992) is a Canadian poet. She wrote three books till now in her career.

She was born in Punjab, India. Kaur immigrated to Canada at a young age with her family.

Roquecourbe

Roquecourbe is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Roquemaure, Tarn

Roquemaure is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Roquevidal

Roquevidal is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Rosières, Tarn

Rosières is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Rouairoux

Rouairoux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Rouffiac, Tarn

Rouffiac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Shiv Kumar Batalvi

Shiv Kumar Batalvi (23 July 1936 - 6 May 1973) was an Indian poet, writer and playwright of the Punjabi language. He was best known for his works of romantic poetry. He was also called "Birha Da Sultan". He was the youngest recipient of Sahitya Akademi Award.

He was born in the village Bara Pind Lohtian in the Shakargarh Tehsil of Gurdaspur District into a Punjabi Hindu Brahmin family. His father's name is Pandit Krishan Gopal Sharma and mother's name is Shanti Devi. 

He completed his matriculation in 1953 at Panjab University. 

On 5 February 1967, he married, Aruna, a Brahmin girl from his own caste. She is from Kiri Mangyal, Gurdaspur district, and later the couple had two children, Meharban (1968) and Puja (1969). 

The poem 'Main ek shikra yaar banaya' is in the Punjabi Language, the English translation of this poem is also equally beautiful. Shiv Kumar Batalvi's poems have been sung by famous singers such as Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, Ghulam Ali, Jagjit Singh, Hans Raj Hans, and many others. 

After he returned from his England tour in 1972, he developed liver cirrhosis. Batalvi died in Kiri Mangial during the early morning hours.


Sassui Punnhun

Sassi Punnu or Sassui Punnhun ( , ) is a well known Sindhi, Balochi and Punjabi folktale. It is one of the seven popular tragic romances of Sindh. It is one of the most popular folktales in Balochistan. The story is about a faithful lover who will suffer any difficulty to find her beloved husband who was separated from her by enemies.

The tale was first introduced in the texts of Qazi Qadan. Later, it was retold by in Punjabi.

According to the legend, Sassui was a beautiful girl who belonged to a wealthy family. Punnu, on the other hand, was a poor musician who played the flute and sang for a living. Despite their social differences, the two fell deeply in love and decided to get married.

However, Sassui’s family did not approve of their relationship and forbade her from seeing Punnu. They even went to the extent of forcing Sassui to marry someone else. Devastated, Punnu went in search of his beloved, and after wandering in the desert for days, he finally arrived at the place where Sassui was being held captive.
The couple met again, and this time, they decided to elope and start a new life together. They left their families behind and embarked on a long journey through the desert, hoping to find a place where they could live happily ever after.
However, their journey was not without its challenges. They faced numerous obstacles along the way, including harsh weather conditions, hunger, and thirst. But despite everything, they persevered and finally arrived at a beautiful oasis, where they decided to make their home.

Unfortunately, their happiness was short-lived. Sassui’s family eventually found out where they were living and sent a group of men to retrieve her. Punnu fought valiantly to protect his wife, but he was outnumbered and eventually killed in the struggle.

Heartbroken, Sassui threw herself into Punnu’s funeral pyre, choosing to die rather than live without her beloved. The tragic story of Sassui and Punnu has become a symbol of true love and sacrifice in the Sindh region and is still remembered and celebrated to this day.

Terre-de-Bancalié

Terre-de-Bancalié is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Roumégoux (the seat), Ronel, Saint-Antonin-de-Lacalm, Saint-Lieux-Lafenasse, Terre-Clapier and Le Travet.

Saint-Antonin-de-Lacalm

Saint-Antonin-de-Lacalm is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Terre-de-Bancalié.

Roumégoux, Tarn

Roumégoux is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Terre-de-Bancalié.

Saint-Lieux-Lafenasse

Saint-Lieux-Lafenasse is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Terre-de-Bancalié.

Terre-Clapier

Terre-Clapier is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Terre-de-Bancalié.

Le Travet

Le Travet is a former commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Terre-de-Bancalié.

Roussayrolles

Roussayrolles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Affrique-les-Montagnes

Saint-Affrique-les-Montagnes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Agnan, Tarn

Saint-Agnan is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Amancet

Saint-Amancet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Punjabi Qisse

A Punjabi Qissa ( , ) is a tradition of Punjabi language oral story-telling in Punjab region of eastern Pakistan and northwestern India.

The Punjabi language has a vast literature of qisse, mainly focused on themes of love, passion, betrayal, sacrifice, social values, and the common man's rebellion against a larger system. In Punjabi tradition, friendship, loyalty, love and qaul (verbal agreement or promise) hold great importance, and most qisse revolve around these elements. Qisse have inspired Punjabi folk music and added depth and richness to its delivery. These traditions were passed down through generations through oral or written forms and were often recited, told as bedtime stories to children, or performed musically as folk songs.

Each qissa has unique requirements for performance, and a person who can sing or recite one may not be able to transmit another due to vocal range requirements and accurate pauses necessary for successful recitation without becoming breathless and unable to continue performing. Many modern Punjabi music beats originated from qisse traditions and recitations in old times. Qisse are also considered some of the best poetry ever written in Punjabi language literature due to their themes and poetic style of expression.


Amrita Pritam

Amrita Pritam (31 August 1919 – 31 October 2005) was an Indian novelist and poet, who wrote in Punjabi and Hindi. She is the recipient of the 1956 Sahitya Akademi Award. She wrote more than 100 books of poetry, fiction, biographies, essays, a collection of Punjabi folk songs and an autobiography that were all translated into several Indian and foreign languages.

Pritam was born on August 31, 1919, in Gujranwala, Punjab, British India. She was the only child of Raj Bibi, who was a school teacher, and Kartar Singh Hitkari, who was a poet, a scholar of the Braj Bhasha language, and the editor of a literary journal.

She was known for her powerful and emotional poetry that often portrayed the struggles of women and the partition of India. Her writing continues to inspire generations of readers with its themes of love, loss, and social injustice.

She started her journey as a romantic poet and soon became part of the Progressive Writers' Movement. The effect was seen in her collection, "Lok Peed" ("People's Anguish", 1944), which openly criticised the war-torn economy after the Bengal famine of 1943. She was also involved in social work.

She also worked at a radio station in for a while, before the partition of India.

She passed away on October 31, 2005 after a long sickness but her legacy lives on through her timeless words.

Camarão Indians' letters

Camarão Indians' letters () is the name for six letters the Potiguara Indians wrote during 1645. They were written because of the Dutch Invasion of Brazil. They are also known as Tupi letters from Camarão Indians (). They are the only known texts written by Brazilian Indians until the Independence of Brazil. The Camarão Indians' letters are also the only record of Old Tupi writing in Colonial Brazil. Today, the letters are in the archives of the Royal Library of the Netherlands; they have been there for almost 400 years.

The letters are known since 1885. People tried to translate them, but failed. Eduardo de Almeida Navarro, a philologist , published the first complete translation in October 2022. He also transcribed the letters, and left some comments. 

A seventh letter was later found in the National Archive, in the city of Rio de Janeiro.

In 1624, the Dutch organized an invasion of the Brazilian Northeast. They did this using the West India Company. They were not successful. They later returned to Europe with some natives. Among them we Antonio Paraupaba and Pedro Poti. Both converted to Calvinism in Europe, where they lived for five years. They also got an education in Dutch. 
Five years later, in 1630, the Dutch again invaded Pernambuco in order to establish a colony in Brazil. They came with more than seven thousand men and 67 ships. They succeeded, and by 1640 they already dominated a considerable portion of the northeastern coast. — Maranhão, Paraíba, Pernambuco, Rio Grande do Norte and Sergipe. However, in 1644 the Dutch governor Jean Maurice (Johan Maurits) of Nassau returned to the Netherlands. He had managed to balance the complicated relations between the West India Company and the indebted sugar plantation owners, and to enforce religious freedom.
Because the Dutch always came to collect the debts, the sugarcane farmers wanted to expel the Dutch. When Maurice of Nassau left, religious conflicts started agaiin. In 1645, the Dutch killed faithful Catholics, in Cunhaú, in the town of Canguaretama. In October, another slaughter was recorded, this time in Uruaçu.

In the same year, the began, a movement opposed to Dutch rule and commanded by André Vidal de Negreiros, Henrique Dias, and Antônio Filipe Camarão.

A Tupi-speaking Potiguara, Filipe Camarão was responsible for leading the Christian Indians (like his uncle and his cousin Diogo Pinheiro Camarão) against the Dutch. Some Indians supported the Dutch side, among them the caciques Pedro Poti, also a cousin of Filipe Camarão, and Antônio Paraupaba.

That is the context in which the letters were written and exchanged among the Portuguara. Those on the side of the Portuguese sent letters to the allies of the Dutch, to persuade them to change sides. The messages were written in Old Tupi because their recipients, Pedro Poti and Antônio Paraupaba, had been literate in Dutch, unlike their senders who were literate in Portuguese. The Old Tupi language was therefore a means of communication between the two sides of the conflict.

In 1906, the engineer Teodoro Fernandes Sampaio attempted to translate the letters in his article "Cartas tupis dos Camarões" (Camarão Indians' Tupi letters). He received them from historian , who had discovered them in 1885. Sampaio confessed that only with great difficulty could he understand them, and he could not translate them all. He therefore limited himself to only two letters.

Until the 1990s, there are no other documented attempts at translating them. In the 1990s, Aryon Rodrigues, a professor at Unicamp and a linguist went to the Netherlands, to look for them. He tried to translate them, but was unable to. At the same time, philiogist Eduardo de Almeida Navarro came in cxontact with the letters. He said the were hard to translate, because there were no Tupi dictionaries. In 2013, Eduardo Navarro published published a dictionary. He also devoted himself to the letters, and produced a microfilm version. This versionis at the Hague Library.

Eight years later, in 2021, , Eduardo Navarro announced that he had translated the six letters. This was widely covered by the Brazillian press.</ref> The transcription and annotated full translation of the Camarão Indians' letters were published in the periodical "Boletim do Museu Paraense Emílio Goeldi" in October 2022.

According to Eduardo Navarro, the letters' contents were mysterious because few people knew about the Tupi language, Few systematic studies about the language, such as dictionaries, had been created.

Tupi was mostly a spoken language. As a result, the same word can be spelled a number of different ways. In some cases, words were written separately, in others they were written as one word. Teodoro Sampaio also said this.

Other problems with the translation were that words were often abbreviated, but that not all people used the same abbreviations. Finally, there are differences in punctuation. What is more, the peope writing the letters were literate in Portuguese, the wrote their native language as they heard it. Like a Portuguese speaker, they wrote "taquesse" instead of "táxi". They also dd not use certain phonemes, nor puctuationb markers or accents. The letters also present a Tupi that was spoken in a colloquial way, which is different from the formal writings of the Jesuits.

Roughly speaking, the pro-Portuguese natives asked those who were allied with the Dutch to return to the Portugese side, calling the Protestants heretics. This is the argument used by Filipe Camarão in his first letter to Pedro Poti, dated August 19, 1645. He also states that the Dutch are in "the Devil's fire".

Pedro Poti ordered that the messenger of such a letter be killed, and its answer is known only through Dutch summaries by Pastor Johannes Edwards, because the Portuguese did not preserve the letters of the indigenous people. The cacique Pedro Poti is said to have criticized the Portuguese forcefully, saying that he could not switch to the Portuguese side, because they had only harmed his people by enslaving and killing them.

In general, the letters show that the Indians were disstified with the dituation they were in. They wanted their relatives to unitte, to stop fighting each other, and to go back to living according to their old traditions. They are desperate efforts in an attempt to save their people from destruction, The disruption of their traditional world is noticeable in all six letters.

In his letters, Filipe Camarão tried to appeal to the sense of identity among the Potiguaras. He also assured Pedro Poti and Antônio Paraupaba that the natives would be forgiven if they went over to the Portuguese side, but said that if they resisted, they would be killed, since the honors bestowed by the Dutch on the natives were not valid for the Portuguese{ — when Europeans were captured, they were not killed, but turned into prisoners and used as bargaining chips.

The letters are important today, because they are written by people who have always been oppressed. They were written by indigenous people. The letters show that these people were not content with their situation. They also show that there were conflicts between the different Europeans, and that the native people wanted to rescue past traditions. The letters also bring to light previously unknown information, such as place names and other indigenous combatants, as well as revealing details about battles.

As far as the scientific study of language is concerned, the letters of the Camarão Indians are considered the most valuable documents in the field of Brazilian . They show how Old Tupi was actually spoken by the people writing the letters. They also show that the Jesuit missionaries correctly described the Tupi language. There are some scholars, such as who claim that the Jesuits adapted the language to their own interests, pejoratively calling it "Jesuit Tupi".

Furthermore, the letters of the Camarão Indians also help to understand the linguistic evolution of Old Tupi, influenced by Portuguese. In fact, these writings display the use of the gerund in constructions analogous to the Portuguese "" (I'm speaking), when it was Tupi's nature to invert this logic and say "falo estando" ([I] speak being).

The letters also reveal the predominance of a subject-verb-object syntax ( — "" [I have sent my soldiers there]), although there were still examples of subject-object-verb syntax ( — "" [there also two women I sent]), primitive Tupi tendency, as recorded in texts.

In March 2022, Natal mayor met with Eduardo Navarro and agreed that the city would distribute didactic material about the letters to public school students and tourists. The mayor showed his intention to democratize the access to information about the correspondence between the Potiguaras.



Divan-i Shams-i Tabrizi

Divan-i Kabir (), also known as Divan-i Shams is a collection of poems written by the Persian poet and Sufi mystic Rumi. It is the collection of lyric poems written in the Persian language, it contains more than 40,000 verses and over 3,000 ghazals.

In 1244, Rumi met a Sufi dervish named Shams-i Tabrizi in Konya, who became his spiritual teacher and introduced him to music and poetry. Shams left and returned a few times before disappearing, possibly being killed in 1248. Rumi wrote poetry about his love and loss for Shams after his disappearance. The poems were collected after Rumi's death by his students as the Divan-i Shams-i Tabrizi. Most of the poems were written around 1247, after Shams' second disappearance. Some poems were written after Rumi confirmed Shams' death. Different editions of the Divan organize the poems differently, either by alphabet or by meter. The first printed copy of the Divan was made in Europe in 1838, but more accurate editions have been published since then based on original manuscripts.

The poems in Rumi's Divan are not just about teaching things like his Masnavi book is known for; instead, they express Rumi's deep philosophical ideas about love and longing. Some scholars believe that Rumi rejects longing in favor of unity with God because longing creates a separation between people and things outside themselves. This goes against Rumi’s belief in divine unity or tawhid found in Islam’s declaration that there is no other god but God (Shahada). According to this viewpoint by Rokus de Groot, Rumi thinks that those who are drunk with love have a duality between themselves and the object of their love, whereas those who are drunk with God are united as one. Rumi signed about a third of the Divan under Shams-i Tabrizi’s name to repudiate his longing for Shams after his disappearance and embrace the unity of all beings found in divine love.

Mostafa Vaziri argues that Rumi's references to love in the Divan represent a separate religion or Mazhab-e ‘Ishq, which is universalist and not uniquely Islamic. Vaziri suggests that Rumi's notion of love is a designation for the incorporeal reality of existence that lies outside of physical conception. According to Vaziri, Rumi's references to Shams in the Divan are not about the person of Shams but about the all encompassing universality of the love reality itself that goes beyond any religious or cultural boundaries or distinctions between people and things outside themselves which goes against Rumi’s belief in divine unity or tawhid found in Islam’s declaration that there is no other god but God (Shahada).

Shams Tabrizi

Shams-i Tabrīzī () (1185–1248) was a Persian poet, who is the spiritual instructor of Rumi. He is mentioned and respected highly in Rumi's poetry collection, especially in Diwan-i Shams-i Tabrizi.

According to some accounts, Shams Tabrizi was the son of Imam Ala al-Din and received his education in Tabriz under Baba Kamal al-Din Jumdi. Before meeting Rumi, Shams traveled from place to place selling girdles and weaving baskets, earning him an epithet called "the embroiderer." However, some scholars have questioned the reliability of these biographical accounts.

Shams first encountered Rumi in Konya in 1244. Rumi was reading when Shams asked him what he was doing. Rumi replied that it was something that Shams couldn't understand, and Shams threw Rumi's books into a nearby pool of water. To Rumi's surprise, the books were dry when he rescued them. Shams then challenged Rumi with two questions about the saints Bayazid and Muhammad, and Rumi's answers led Shams to realize that Rumi was the object of his longing. Shams left Konya and settled in Khoy, but Rumi continued to attribute his own poetry to Shams as a sign of love and respect for his departed friend and master. In Rumi's poetry, Shams became a guide of Allah's love for mankind, dispelling darkness and shining the Light of Sun as a guide for the right path on earth. The source of Shams' teachings was the knowledge of Ali ibn Abu Talib, who is also called the father of sufism.

In the Sufi tradition, Shams Tabrizi's disappearance is a mystery. Some believe he was killed by Rumi's jealous disciples, while others say he left Konya and died in Khoy where he was buried. Rumi's son, Sultan Walad, mentions in his writing that Shams disappeared without giving more details. Shams' tomb in Khoy has been nominated as a World Cultural Heritage Center by UNESCO.

Rumi ghazal 163

Rumi's ghazal 163, which begins "Go, my friends", is a well known Persian ghazal (love poem) of seven verses by Rumi. The poem is written in the year 1247. 

In this poem, Rumi is requesting his friend Shams-e Tabriz to come back to Konya from Damascus.

It is a beautiful expression of love and devotion towards the beloved one.

In the poem Rumi asks his friends to bring his beloved friend back home, and to not accept any excuses. In the second half of the poem, the writer praises and describes his beloved's wonderful qualities. It ends with greetings and an offer of service. The poem is well-liked in Persian-speaking countries and has been turned into music by various famous artists.

There is a famous miniature painting from 1503 that shows three of the verses, with an illustration of Shams-e Tabriz playing chess. In this painting, there are three sections showing different people in each. In the top section, Sultan Walad and a friend are shown arriving, along with two young men dressed in red and blue who are followers of Shams. In the middle section, Shams is playing chess with a Christian boy, while the young man in red and Sultan Walad are watching them. In the bottom section, it is night time, and the men in red and blue are sitting with Shams, while Sultan Walad and his friend are on the right. The men are dressed for travel, and there is a bodyguard with Sultan Walad. The chess game depicted is called Shatranj, which was similar to modern chess but with different rules.


Himyar ibn Saba

Himyar ibn Saba ibn Yashjub ibn Ya'rub ibn Qahtan is a legendary figure and traditional ancestor of the Himyarite kings of Yemen. He is a descendant of the Islamic prophet Hud.
Polypedates hecticus

The Samara flying frog ("Polypedates hecticus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines, on Samar Island.

Scientists think this might be the same species as "Polypedates leucomystax".

Eraserhead

Eraserhead is a 1977 American surrealist movie by David Lynch. It was the first feature movie made by Lynch.

Felizzano

Felizzano is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Fraconalto

Fraconalto is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Francavilla Bisio

Francavilla Bisio is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Frascaro

Frascaro is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Frassinello Monferrato

Frassinello Monferrato is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Stimulant psychosis

Stimulant psychosis is a mental disortder where people get symptoms similar to that of psychosis (for example hallucinations, delusions, disorganized thinking, or being disorganized). Usually, it occurs after people take too many stimulants, over a longer time (usually days). One study found that it can also occur with regular prescribed drugs, in normal doses, in about 0.1% of the people (1 in 1000) who startamphetamine or methylphenidate therapy. 

Methamphetamine psychosis, or long-term effects of stimulant use in the brain (at the molecular level), depend upon genetics and may persist for some time.

Treatment usually consists in assisting the patient in the acute phase, and to look that people drnk enough, have a normal blood pressure, and body temperature. Typical and atypical antipsychotics are sometimes used to help treatment.

Frassineto Po

Frassineto Po is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Fresonara

Fresonara is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Jevnaker

Jevnaker is a municipality in Akershus county, Norway. In 2022, 6,908 people lived there. Before Oppland, it was part of the Viken county on 1 January 2020.


Lunner

Lunner is a municipality in Akershus county, Norway. In 2022, 9,144 people lived there.

It is part of the traditional district Hadeland. 

History: It was part of Oppland county until 2020. It was part of Viken county, from 1 January 2020.


Rosario River (Uruguay)

The Rosario River () is a river in the Colonia Department in Uruguay. The river starts in Cuchilla Grande Inferior. It is near the border with the departments of San José, Flores, and Soriano, and flows into the Río de la Plata.

Stegen

Stegen is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Terry Beasley

Terry Paul Beasley (February 5, 1950 – January 31, 2024) was an American professional football player who was a wide receiver for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Auburn Tigers, earning unanimous All-American honors in 1971. He was selected by the 49ers in the first round of the 1972 NFL Draft with the 19th overall pick and was later inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2002. He died of a suspected suicide at his home in Moody, Alabama, on January 31, 2024, five days before his 74th birthday.

Ride a White Horse

"Ride a White Horse" is a 2006 song by British dance band Goldfrapp and is the third single from their third studio album "Supernature". It went to number 15 in the United Kingdom, number 7 in Spain, number 9 in Scotland and number 36 in Ireland. In 2007 it was featured in an episode of "The L Word".








Massachusetts General Court

The Massachusetts General Court is the legislative branch of the Massachusetts government. It consists of the Massachusetts Senate, its upper house, and the Massachusetts House of Representatives, its lower house.

Massachusetts Democratic Party

The Massachusetts Democratic Party is the branch of the Democratic Party that has business in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

Massachusetts Republican Party

The Massachusetts Republican Party , also known as the MassGOP, is the branch of the Republican Party that has business in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

Panago

Panago is a Canadian chain of pizza delivery restaurants. The company has restaurants in six provinces across Canada. There are around 195 stores. Panago makes $160 million in sales annually.

In 1986, Panago was started by Dr. Ernest and Doris Rooke in Abbotsford, British Columbia.

The store would first be called Panagopoulos 2 for 1 Pizza Place. It would go through many names before finally changing to Panago in 2000.

In April 2007, the first Toronto store was opened at Bay Street and Gerard Street.

On July 21, 2009, Panago opened a store in Fredericton, New Brunswick, their first store in Atlantic Canada.

List of political parties in Bougainville

Bougainville ( ; Tok Pisin: "Bogenvil"), officially the Autonomous Region of Bougainville (Tok Pisin: "Otonomos Region bilong Bogenvil"), is an autonomous region in Papua New Guinea. The largest island is Bougainville Island, while the region also includes Buka Island and a number of outlying islands and atolls. The current capital is Buka, situated on Buka Island.

This page lists political parties in the Autonomous Region of Bougainville, an autonomous region within Papua New Guinea. The following political parties operate only within Bougainville.


Colleen Wing

Colleen Wing is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appeared in "Marvel Premiere" #19 (November 1974), created by writer Doug Moench and artist Larry Hama. She is a samurai and one half of the detective/bail-bond firm Daughters of the Dragon. She and Misty Knight co-own 'Heroes for Hire'.

Jessica Henwick portrayed the character in the Netflix television series "Iron Fist" (2017–2018), "The Defenders" (2017), and the 2018 second season of "Luke Cage", set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).

South Carolina Stingrays

The South Carolina Stingrays are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1993. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in North Charleston, South Carolina at North Charleston Coliseum. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Washington Capitals of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team was started in 1993 by Joseph Scanlon. It would later be sold to Edwin Pearlstine, Jerry and Anita Zucker, Harvey Nathan and Lynn Bernstein. The team was first going to be named the South Carolina Sharks but didn't want to be sued by the San Jose Sharks. They decided to change the name to the South Carolina Stingrays. 

On October 19, 1993, the team would play their first game as the South Carolina Stingrays. They would be defeated by the Roanoke Express 5–4 in overtime.

The team would be successful during the 1996–97 season. They finished with 45 wins, 15 losses, and 100 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would win their first Kelly Cup after defeating the Louisiana IceGators four games to one. The Stingrays would win Kelly Cups in the 2000–01 and 2008–09 seasons.

On June 26, 2014, the Stingrays and the Washington Capitals announced their affiliation. The Stingrays were previously affiliates with the Boston Bruins.

Wong (Marvel Comics)

Wong is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe. He is the sidekick and manservant of Doctor Strange, the Sorcerer Supreme of Earth. Wong was first mentioned in the comic "Strange Tales #110" and first appeared in "Strange Tales #147". In the 2006 miniseries Dr. Strange: the Oath, it was revealed that Wong stems from a family of monks living in Kamar-Taj. He has a cousin currently in training in the occult and has talked to him about one day replacing Wong as a servant to Dr. Strange.

Wong was created by the late Stan Lee and the late Steve Ditko.

The character was portrayed by Clyde Kusatsu in the 1978 television movie "Dr. Strange". Benedict Wong portrays the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Doctor Strange" (2016), "" (2018), "" (2019), "Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings" (2021), "" (2021), and "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" as well as the Disney+ series "" (both 2022). Additionally, he voices an alternate timeline version in the Disney+ animated series "What If...?" (2021)

Max Mercury

Max Mercury is a fictional character from the DC Comics universe. He is a legendary speedster who has traveled through time studying the Speed Force. Born in the 19th Century, he has taken different identities throughout history to fight crime. In his old age he becomes a mentor to other heroes, taking the reckless Impulse as his student. His other aliases have included Windrunner, Whip Whirlwind, Lightning and Quicksilver. In the Flashpoint Timeline, his real name is Maxwell Crandall. He has been a member of the All-Star Squadron, the Flash Family and the Freedom Fighters.

"Max Mercury" was created by Jack Cole and Chuck Mazoujian, first appearing in "National Comics" #5 (1940).

Max Mercury appears in the 2014 to 2023 television series "The Flash", portrayed by Trevor Carroll.

Johann Pirkner

Johann Pirkner (25 March 1946 in Vienna) is a former Austrian football player in the position of striker. In Austria he played mainly for FK Austria Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team. For Austria he played in the 1978. 1976 he was top scorer of the Bundesliga.
He played in Austria for Floridsdorfer AC, Admira and Austria Klagenfurt. From 1969 to 1971 Pirkner played for FC Schalke 04 in the German Bundesliga. He scored eight goals in 47 games. Because Pirkner was involved in the Bundesliga scandal he was banned by the German Football Association. The Austrian Football Association, which had banned Pirkner for two years, pardoned him 1973. 

When he came back to Austria he played for Alpine Donawitz. From 1974 till 1978n he was a member of the legendary Austria team around Herbert Prohaska, Robert and Josef Sara, Felix Gasselich, Karl Daxbacher and Hubert Baumgartner. The team won the Austrian championship in 1978 and made it to the final of the European Cup winner Cup. Together with Thomas Parits and Julio Cesar Morales, he formed the so-called 100-year storm. 

Although he played a major role for Austria Wien, he left in the summer of 1978. His last team as a professional footballer was First Vienna FC. 1980 he ended his career as professional footballer.
Pirkner played 20 matches and scored four goals for the Austrian national team. He made his debut on 21 September 1969 in a friendly match in a 1-1 draw against the Germany.

He was in the Austrian squad at the 1978 World Cup in Argentina. Wearing the number 19 jersey, he made two appearances against Spain (2:1) and Italy (0:1), when he came on as a substitute for Walter Schachner. The match versus Italy was his last in the team 


Xenocrates of Aphrodisias

Xenocrates () was an ancient Greek physician from Aphrodisias in Cilicia. He lived around the middle of the 1st century and was maybe the contemporary of Andromachus the Younger. Galen says that Xenocrates lived before himself. He was blamed by Galen for using disgusting cures like human brains, flesh, liver, ash from bone, urine, excrement, etc. One of Xenocrates' works on pharmacy was titled "On Useful Things from Living Beings" (). Xenocrates is quoted by Galen, Clement of Alexandria, Artemidorus, Pliny the Elder, Oribasius, Aëtius Amidenus, and Alexander of Tralles. There is also a summary of Xenocrates' work on sea creatures () preserved by Oribasius.

Oyster, Virginia

Oyster is a small unincorporated community on the Atlantic Coast of the Eastern Shore of the U.S. state of Virginia in Northampton County. It is 3 feet (1 meter) above sea level.

The climate in this area is has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Oyster has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.



Timurid architecture

Timurid architecture was an important period of the history of Iran and Central Asia during the late 14th and 15th centuries. The Timurid Empire which conquered most of Central Asia built many palaces, mausoleums, and temples around the region. The style is made to look distinct by how big the architecture is, the luxurious decoration in the tilework, and the geometry. This style, along with other styles of Timurid art, spread over the empire and it inspired many styles of architecture for other empires in the Middle East and Indian subcontinent.

Bacon Hill, Virginia

Bacon Hill is an unincorporated community in Northampton County, Virginia, United States.

Dublin Airport

Dublin Airport is the international airport in Dublin, Ireland. It is the biggest airport in Ireland.

La Compagnie

La Compagnie is a French airline based at Orly Airport in Paris. The airlines' aircraft have only business class seats.

La Compagnie was founded as DreamJet in 2013. By the time the airline operated its first scheduled flight on 21 July 2014, it had been renamed as La Compagnie.

Grave with the little hands

The monument Van Gorkum-Van Aefferden, more well known as the "grave with the little hands" is a monumental Tombstone in the Dutch city of Roermond.

The cemetery that holds the monument was originally a Jewish cemetery but in the late 18th century, the owners of the cemetery allowed Dutch people of other religions to be buried there. In 1858, the artist Pierre Cuypers redesigned the cemetery making different sections for people of different faiths or sects. 

The tomb was created for a Catholic woman and a Protestant man who were Jacobus Warnerus Constantinus van Gorkum (Van Gorkum) and Josephina Carlina Petronella Hubertina van Aefferden. Both were married to each other besides their differences in religion, social class, and age. This caused a huge ruckus over their love and marriage which was condemned by many. After Gorkum's death, he was buried in the Protestant section of the cemetry. His widow wanted to be buried next to her husband but she could not be buried next to his husband due to the religious differences. The solution to the problem was to create a double grave on both sides of the wall with two hands connecting the graves.

The grave monument contains two identical tombstones on both sides of the wall. Both tombs are placed on a limestone base, and are made of sandstone. Both are also crowned with the coat of arms of the Van Gorkum family on one side and a alliance coat of arms on the other side. On the back of the tombstone, hands are depicted of a man and woman trying to reach other besides their religious differences.

Both graves are locked off from being entered using iron bars to prevent trespassers from entering.

The double grave was added to National Monument Register in May of 2002 as it was seen to have held cultural value due to both of them wanting to be connected despite their religious and cultural differences. The monument was added because of its unique design choices, its unique choice of materials, and finally its ornamentation.

Fort Wayne Komets

The Fort Wayne Komets are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1993. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Fort Wayne, Indiana at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Bakersfield Condors of the American Hockey League (AHL). The Komets have also formerly played in the Central Hockey League (CHL), International Hockey League (IHL) (1945—2001), and the International Hockey League (IHL) (2007—2010).

In the ECHL, the team originally played in Flint, Michigan as the Flint Spirits from 1985 to 1990. Steve Franke would purchase the team in July 1990 and the ECHL Board of Directors would approve a move from Flint to Fort Wayne, Indiana to become the Fort Wayne Komets. 

The team would be successful during the 2020–21 season. They finished fourth in the Western Conference with 29 wins, 21 losses, and 63 points. The Komets would be able to make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would win their first Kelly Cup after defeating the South Carolina Stingrays three games to one.

On July 27, 2022, the Komets and the Edmonton Oilers announced their affiliation. In the ECHL, the Komets were previously affiliates with the Colorado Avalanche, Phoenix Coyotes, and the Vegas Golden Knights.

Women Democratic Front

Women Democratic Front (WFD) is a Pakistani independent, socialist and feminist organization. The organisation was officially founded on 8 March 2018 at Islamabad, Pakistan. Its foundation was set by hundreds of individuals, who speaks or acts on behalf of an organization from Sindh, Balochistan, Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa on March 8, 2018.

The aim of WDF is to unite the women of the Pakistan. They want such unity to create a collective feminist movement that will bring real features of the International Women's Day celebrations to the country's society. For that, They think a change should happen in the society.

Women Democratic Front (WDF) was officially started on 8 March 2018 on the International Women's Day. It's foundation was done by different people that came from all around Pakistan. The group then did a march through various cities of Pakistan and named it 'Aurat Azadi March' (Urdu: عورت آزادی مارچ) which means 'Women's Freedom March'. In 2019, The group did another March on International Women's Day in alliance with various other groups in Pakistan such as Women Action Forum, The Transgender community in Pakistan, Sindhi Aurat Tanzeem, etc. Some celebrities, political workers and medical workers also joined the March. The March got a positive "(good)" response from Feminists around the world while the right wing in Pakistan judged it as 'Un-Islamic'.
Their ideology is described as socialist-feminism and is seen as an ongoing women's political struggle against violence (particularly domestic violence), discrimination and patriarchal oppression, pillars of capitalism, imperialism, feudalism and religious extremism (such as Honor killing).
The Women Democratic Front is a organization with a presence of four national units across Pakistan. The 4 units are located in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Punjab/Islamabad, and Baluchistan. WDF also has a federal unit. The group aims to grow its reach to include the disputed territories of Gilgit-Baltistan and Kashmir, organizing women in those areas. WDF runs through two main structures: the Congress for political and ideological decision-making, and the Council, which oversees day-to-day affairs. These structures operate at district, federal, and provincial/national levels, making sure that there is effective governance and representation within the organization.








Jalila Haider

Jalila Haider (Urdu: جلیلہ حیدر) is a Pakistani human rights lawyer and activist from Quetta in Balochistan. She holds the record of being the first female lawyer from Quetta's Hazara minority, which is an ethnic minority group in Balochistan. She is a strong person who publicly supports or recommends a particular cause or policy for the rights of her community. Haider was born on 10 December 1988 in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan. She has a masters degree in International relations which she received from University of Balochistan. Jalila is associated with the Awami Workers Party (AWP) and leads the Women Democratic Front (WDF) in Balochistan. Jalila has also established a non-profit organization called "We the Humans – Pakistan," which focuses on making local communities stronger in Balochistan, specially the poor women and children.

Haider has been a vocal supporter against the disappearance and killing of Baloch political activists. She has taken a important role in leading collective action by people in favor of a cause and hunger strikes to raise awareness about the challenges faced by the Baloch community. In April 2018 after 9 people of Hazara community were killed, she went on a 4 day hunger strike demanding the Chief of Pakistani Army to visit and take necessary steps to control the rising murders in the community. Jalila Haider used to led campaigns against the genocide of the Hazara community. Her efforts included raising awareness by participating in protests and speaking out against the cruel acts faced by the Hazara and Pashtun people. She believes that their pain is the same as they are all jointly demanding the guarantee of their right to life in the Constitution of Pakistan.
In 2014, she was selected as an Atlantic Council Emerging Leaders of Pakistan Fellow. .

In 2015, Haider was selected as one of 'News Women Power 50' list of Pakistan's most influential and powerful women. She was also a 2016 Swedish Institute Young Connectors of the Future Fellow.

In 2019, Haider was named in BBC's 100 Women, which is a list of influential women from around the world compiled by BBC.

In 2020, she received Hum TV Women Leaders Award. The same year in March 2020, She was honoured with International Women of Courage award by the United States Department of State.

In 2023, Haider won the Justitia Award. By winning it, she became the second Pakistan woman to win the award after Nida Usman won it in 2021.

Simurgh

The Simurgh (; Persian: سیمرغ) is a Kind bird in Persian mythology. People sometimes compare it to other mythic birds like the Phoenix and the Huma, but it's important to know that the Simurgh is its own unique mythical creature. This creature appears in various periods of Iranian art and literature and is also seen in the art of Georgia, Pakistan, medieval Armenia, the Eastern Roman Empire, and other areas influenced by Persian culture.

The Persian word "sīmurğ" (سیمرغ) comes from Middle Persian ""sēnmurw"". The Middle Persian term originates from Avestan "mərəγō Saēnō". The word was later adopted into Armenian as "siramarg" (սիրամարգ), meaning 'peacock'.

On a different note, the expression "sī murğ" (سی مرغ) in Persian translates to "thirty birds." This phrase has been used by the Sufi poet Attar of Nishapur in his symbolic story titled "The Conference of the Birds," where the name is playfully incorporated into the frame story.

The Simurgh, a mythical creature, is shown in Iranian art as a large bird with huge wings that can an elephant or whale. It is often depicted as a peacock with a dog's head and lion's claws, and sometimes with a human face. The Simurgh is known for its Kindness and is distinctly female. It is part mammal, nursing its young, and has teeth. The creature dislikes snakes and lives in places with abundant water. Its feathers are said to have a copper color, and although initially described as a dog-bird, later representations show it with either a human or dog head.

The first part of the name, "Si-," is sometimes connected to the Persian word for "thirty" (si). Despite this, the origin of the name is not historically related to the number thirty, yet legends incorporate this number, such as describing the Simurgh as large as thirty birds or having thirty colors. Other suggested origins include Pahlavi "sin murgh" ("eagle bird") and Avestan "saeno merego" ("eagle").

In Iranian legends, the Simurgh is considered ancient, having witnessed the world's destruction three times. It is believed to have knowledge from all ages. One legend tells of the Simurgh living for 1,700 years before self-immolating, similar to the phoenix. The Simurgh is associated with purifying the land and waters, symbolizing the union of Earth and sky, acting as a messenger between them. It nests in Gaokerena, the Hōm Tree of Life, spreading seeds that become various plants, bringing healing to mankind.

The relationship between the Simurgh and Hōm is close, both represented as birds and messengers of purity with healing abilities. Hōm, associated with divine glory, symbolizes a king's authority, while the Simurgh rests on the heads of kings and clerics as a sign of divine acceptance on Earth.

The Simurgh is prominently featured in Ferdowsi's Shahnameh, where it cares for Prince Zal, born albino, and imparts wisdom. Zal later calls upon the Simurgh to save his wife, Rudaba, during a difficult childbirth, showcasing the creature's kindness and important role in Persian mythology. Additionally, the Simurgh appears in the story of Esfandiyar's Seven Trials, where it engages in a battle with Esfandiyar. Despite the Simurgh's powers, it is eventually defeated.

In Persian literature, the simurgh is often mentioned as a symbol for God in Sufi mysticism. In the 12th-century Conference of the Birds, poet Farid ud-Din Attar tells a story of birds searching for the simurgh. These birds, each representing a human fault, seek the simurgh as their king. Guided by the wise hoopoe, they reach the simurgh's dwelling place, only to find a lake reflecting themselves. This story plays on the Persian pun for "thirty birds" (si morgh).

Rumi, another Persian poet, also mentions the simurgh in his Masnavi, connecting it to Mount Qaf. The simurgh's concept spread to the Arabic-speaking world, merging with other mythical birds like the ghoghnus and evolving into the rukh, which influenced the English word "roc". Early Umayyad art and coinage embraced representations of the simurgh due to cultural assimilation.

Gasterosteus

Gasterosteus is a genus of ray-finned fishes belonging to the family Gasterosteidae in the suborder Gasterosteoidei. These fishes are found in freshwater, brackish water and marine habitats in the Holarctic region.






Indy Fuel

The Indy Fuel are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2014. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Indianapolis, Indiana at Indiana Farmers Coliseum. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Rockford IceHogs of the American Hockey League (AHL).

On November 11, 2013, the new ECHL team was approved by the ECHL and would be owned by Jim & Sean Hallett and Jerry Williams. The team's name would be revealed as the Indy Fuel. This was a reference to the history of racecar driving in Indianapolis. It was also revealed that the team would play in the then-recently renovated Indiana Farmers Coliseum. 

On October 17, 2014, the team would play their first game as the Indy Fuel. They would be defeated by the Fort Wayne Komets 5–4 in a shootout.

On April 1, 2014, the Fuel and the Chicago Blackhawks announced their affiliation.

Three-spined stickleback

The three-spined stickleback ("Gasterosteus aculeatus") is a species of stickleback in the genus "Gasterosteus". It is found in most inland and coastal waters north of 30°N. It has been a subject of scientific study for many reasons.

In its different forms or stages of life, the three-spined stickleback can be a bottom-feeder or a planktonic feeder in lakes or in the ocean. It is also able to eat terrestrial prey fallen to the surface.

The body is laterally compressed. The tail's base is slender. It has three spines that give the fish its name (though some individuals may have only two or four). Dorsal coloration tends towards a drab olive or a silvery green, sometimes with brown mottling.

The pectoral fins are large, with 10 rays. The dorsal fin has 10–14 rays. All spines can be locked in an erect position. The body doesn't have scales, but is protected by bony plates on the back, flanks, and belly. They have silvery bellies and flanks.

The three-spined stickleback is found in the Northern Hemisphere, where it usually inhabits coastal waters or freshwater bodies.

It can also be found in North America, in which it ranges along the East Coast from Chesapeake Bay to the southern half of Baffin Island and the western shore of Hudson Bay, and along the West Coast from southern California to the western shore of Alaska and the Aleutian Islands.


These subspecies actually represent three examples from the enormous range of morphological variation present within three-spined sticklebacks.

Sexual maturation depends on environmental temperature and photo-period. Longer days and warmer days stimulate brighter colouration in males and the development of eggs in females.

From late April, the males and females move from deeper waters to shallow areas. There, each male defends a territory where he builds a nest on the bottom. He starts by digging a small pit. He then fills it with filamentous algae, sand, and various debris which he glues together with spiggin, a proteinaceous substance secreted from the kidneys. He then creates a tunnel through the more or less spherical nest by swimming through it. 

Three-spined stickleback research has been central to the field of eco-evolutionary dynamics.

Many researchers have used mesocosm experiments to test how the adaptive radiation of stickleback ecotypes and stickleback-parasite interactions can impact ecological processes.


Iowa Heartlanders

The Iowa Heartlanders are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2014. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Coralville, Iowa at the Xtream Arena powered by Mediacom. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Iowa Wild of the American Hockey League (AHL).

On January 12, 2021, the new ECHL expansion team was approved by the ECHL Board of Directors and would be owned by Dean MacDonald (also the owner of Newfoundland Growlers). On May 20, 2021, the team name would be revealed as the Iowa Heartlanders and their logo of a white-tailed deer. 

On October 22, 2021, the team would play their first game as the Iowa Heartlanders. They would defeat the Kansas City Mavericks 7–4.

On June 17, the Heartlanders and the Minnesota Wild announced their affiliation.

Bermuda Triangle (song)

"Bermuda Triangle" is a 1980 song by Barry Manilow. It was taken from his seventh studio album "Barry" and went to number 15 in the United Kingdom, number 23 in Ireland and number 16 in Germany. The song expresses fear of the Bermuda Triangle.

Kalamazoo Wings

The Kalamazoo Wings are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1999. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Kalamazoo, Michigan at the Wings Event Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Abbotsford Canucks of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team originally played in Madison, Wisconsin as the Madison Kodiaks from 1999 to 2000. After suffering from low attendance, the Kodiaks would relocate after only one season. They would move from Madison to Kalamazoo, Michigan. The team would reveal their name as the Kalamazoo Wings. This was to honor a former ice hockey team called Kalamazoo Wings that played in the International Hockey League from 1974 until 2000. 

On October 14, 2000, the team would play their first game as the Kalamazoo Wings. They would defeat the Flint Generals 2–1.

On July 10, 2023, the Wings and the Vancouver Canucks announced their affiliation. The Wings were formerly affiliates of the Philadelphia Flyers, San Jose Sharks, New York Islanders, St. Louis Blues, Columbus Blue Jackets, and the Tampa Bay Lightning.

Heanor Town F.C.

Heanor Town are a football club from Heanor, England.

Domino theory

The domino theory is an idea that says if one country becomes more or less democratic, it can affect nearby countries like a chain reaction. This theory was important in the United States from the 1950s to the 1980s during the Cold War. It suggested that if a country in a region turned communist, then the countries around it would also become communist. The U.S. used this theory to justify getting involved in different parts of the world. President Eisenhower talked about it in 1954, comparing it to knocking over a row of dominoes. He believed that if one country fell to communism, others nearby would quickly follow. This belief in the domino theory influenced U.S. decisions in Asia during the Cold War, making them more focused on stopping communism to prevent a chain reaction of countries becoming communist.

Rufous-bellied thrush

The rufous-bellied thrush (Turdus rufiventris) is a songbird of the thrush family. It is found all over eastern South America. The bird is named after the color of its underparts. It is a common species of thrush within Brazil. It is the state bird of São Paulo, and is the national bird of Brazil since 2002. 

The New Arab

The New Arab () is a website and daily newspaper owned by Fadaat Media Company, headquartered in London. The website is published in Arabic as "Al-Arabi Al-Jadeed" and ‌English as "The New Arab". They have several offices in Arab capitals and a network of correspondents.

In October 2015, the Palestinian Authority decided to completely and permanently close the Al-Araby Al-Jadeed newspaper office in the city of Ramallah in the West Bank. There were still journalists from The New Arab working in the Gaza Strip as it is controlled by Hamas as of 2023.

In May 2017, the newspaper began printing in Turkey, making Turkey the fourth international location in which “Al-Araby Al-Jadeed” was printed, after London, Doha, and Beirut. In January 2018, the paper local version was of the paper was discontinued in Lebanon. 

Old Dan's Records

Old Dan's Records is Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot's eighth studio album. It was released in 1972 on the Reprise Records label. The album reached #1 in Canada on the RPM national album chart on November 5, 1972, and remained there for three weeks. In the U.S., it peaked at #95 on the pop chart.

The album presents a continued change in Lightfoot's sound as he begins to add country influences to his standard folk sound. He used banjo, dobro and steel guitar. Lightfoot continued to use these country influences in his music until the early 1980s.

Despite its 1972 year of its first release, the album was nominated for 1974 Juno Award for "Folk Album of the Year" and it won that award. Lightfoot also won a Juno that year as "Folk Singer of the Year".

All compositions by Gordon Lightfoot.



"Special thanks to Bill Richards and Guido Basso and members of the Toronto Symphony Orchestra"

Æ

Æ is a Letter in the Latin alphabet used in some Germanic Languges.

It makes a short A sound, as in Archæology.

A Crash Course in Roses

A Crash Course in Roses is Catie Curtis' fifth album. It was released on August 3, 1999.

The album includes many songs about love, with "Magnolia Street," a song about understanding that one is in love. This song was got played on the radio for a short period. Although the album didn't get on the Billboard Music Charts, it was her most successful at that time.

In addition to the love songs that fill up most of the album, A Crash Course in Roses also has two other songs: "What's the Matter," a complaint about her hometown of Saco, Maine for rejecting her when she came out as a lesbian, and "Roses," the story of a soldier who joined World War I.

Several other singer-songwriters like Mary Chapin Carpenter and Melissa Ferrick also helped on the album.

Source: Official site, Last.fm

Gulkana Airport

Gulkana Airport is an airport in Gulkana, Alaska. It is owned by the state of Alaska.

Polypedates cruciger

The Sri Lanka whipping frog or common hour-glass tree frog ("Polypedates cruciger") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen them as high as 1600 meters above sea level.

This frog can live in many different places, including forests that are growing back, banana farms, gardens, and buildings. Scientists have not seen them in forests that have never been cut.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living in places that humans have changed.

Scientists used to think this was the same species as "Polypedates pseudocruciger", which lives in India's Western Ghat mountains.

Jonah Hex

Jonah Woodson Hex is a Western comic book antihero created by the late writer John Albano, and the late artist Tony DeZuniga and published by DC Comics. Hex is a surly and cynical bounty hunter whose face is horribly scarred on the right side. Despite his poor reputation and personality, Hex is bound by a personal code of honor to protect and avenge the innocent.

His marksmanship is nearly superhuman and he is likely the best marksman ever shown in DC comics long history. In his movie he had the ability to talk to the dead while touching their corpse but they are in extreme pain and desire for him to allow them to return to the afterlife.

The character was portrayed by Josh Brolin in a self-titled movie, Jim Cummings in the Jonah Hex Motion Comic and Johnathon Schaech in "Legends of Tomorrow" as well as voiced by Thomas Jane in "DC Showcase: Jonah Hex".

Metal Blade Records

Metal Blade Records is an American independent record label founded in 1982.



Theodor Billroth

Christian Albert Theodor Billroth (26 April 18296 February 1894) was an Austrian surgeon. He was considered the father of abdominal surgery. In 1872, He was the first to remove a portion of the esophagus and rejoin the remaining parts together. In the following year, he was the first to successfully cut out a larynx through surgery. In 1881, he was known to successfully performed an intestinal surgery which involved cutting out a cancerous pylorus.

Billroth was considered a pioneer about the study of bacterial causes of wound fever and was able to develop antiseptic techniques to remove fatal infections. As a medical researcher, he was credited for a total of 156 publications.

Besides being a surgeon, he was also a skilled musician and a prolific composer. Unfortunately, most of his compositions didn't survive.

Billroth was said to be a lifelong friend of Johannes Brahms.

Václav Daněk

Václav Daněk (22 December 1960 in Ostrava) is a former Czech football forward and football coach.
Daněk started his career in 1979 at Baník Ostrava. From 1983 to 1985 the striker played for Dukla Prague. Then he returned to Ostrava. In 1986/87 he was the leagues top scorer with 24 goals.

In 1989 he moved to FC Swarovski Tirol in the Austrian league. In 1990/91 he was top scorer there with 29 goals. Daněk moved to Le Havre AC. After one season he returned to Innsbruck. There he was again top scorer with 24 goals in 1992/93. In 1995 the Danek ended his professional career. He moved to SC Retz in the Lower Austrian regional league, where he played until 1999. He only came to the small town near the Czech border for training during the week and traveled to the games on the weekend.

He played in differnt youth teams. He also played for the Olympic team. For the Czechoslovak national team, Daněk played 22 games in which he scored nine goals.
Daněk began his coaching career in the 1998/99 season as an assistant at FC Karviná. In 1999-00 he held this position at Baník Ostrava. The following season he took over the Baník junior team. From 2001 to 2003 he coached the B team in the third Czech league. In the first half of the 2003-04 season he was a coach at 1. FK Drnovice. In the second half of the season he moved to league rivals FC Vítkovice. At the end of 2004, Daněk moved to the Slovakian club Dukla Banská Bystrica. There he won the 2004/05 Slovak Cup.

At the end of 2005 he returned to FC Vítkovice, which was in danger of relegation, and was able to stay in class with the team. After the first half of the 2006/07 season he was released due to a lack of success. From July 2007 to September 2008, Daněk coached the then second division club Fotbal Fulnek. 2010-11 Daněk took over as coach of the second division club FC Hlučín.

!!

‼ (a double exclamation mark, Unicode character U+203C) may refer to:



Ealing, New Zealand

Ealing is a lightly populated settlement in the Ashburton District, New Zealand. It is south of Hinds and is just of State Highway 1. It is near the Rangitata River and near two primary schools in Hinds and in Carew.

 

Sefton, New Zealand

Sefton is a small township in the Waimakariri District, New Zealand. It is situated 11 kilometers northeast of Rangiora and 14 kilometers south of Amberley. It has a primary school that opened in 1884. 

Ōakura, Northland

Ōakura is a small coastal settlement in the Whangarei District, New Zealand. It is situated 48 kilometers northerneast of Whangārei on State Highway 1. Its nearby school is in Whangaruru.

Martin Buber

Martin Buber (; ; ; February 8, 1878 – June 13, 1965) was an Austrian philosopher, well-known for "Philosophy of dialogue", a form of existentialism on the distinction between the "I and Thou" and the "I-It" relationship.

He was born in Vienna to a Jewish family but later abandoned Jewish customs to pursue secular studies in philosophy. In 1902, he owned the daily newspaper "Die Welt" - the central organ of the Zionist movement, although he later withdrew from Zionist organizing activities. In 1923, he wrote "Ich und Du" ("I and Thou"), and in 1925 began translating Hebrew Bible into German.

He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature ten times and the Nobel Peace Prize seven times.

Bundela

The Bundela is a Rajput clan. Over several generations, the cadet lineages of Bundela Rajputs founded several states in area what came to be known as Bundelkhand anciently known as Chedi Kingdom from the 16th century.

John Tesh

John Frank Tesh Jr. was born on July 9, 1952, in Garden City, Long Island, New York, USA. He is an American musician, composer, radio host, and television presenter. Tesh's career has spanned various forms of media and entertainment. He has achieved success in the industry.


Tesh plays keyboards, the trumpet, and sings. He has composed notable theme music, including compositions for the TV series "Bobby's World" and the NBA on NBC theme, known as "Roundball Rock."

John Tesh is married to actress Connie Sellecca, and his radio show, the John Tesh Radio Show, was inspired by her interest in self-improvement. The show has gained a large following, with 14 million listeners a week.

Tesh's legacy includes his radio show, his contributions to music composition, and his impact on the entertainment industry. He has found fulfillment with his upbeat-talk radio show and has created an emotional connection with his audience through successful endeavors such as the public TV special "John Tesh Big Band Live."

Grand Slang

Grand Slang is a calligraphic sans serif typeface made by a German graphic designer named Nikolas Wrobel. It was published in September 1, 2019 from his type foundry, "Nikolas Type".

The idea for the design of Grand Slang (IPA /ɡɹˈænd slˈæŋ/) came from 20th century American calligraphy and the work of American calligraphers Oscar Ogg and William Addison Dwiggins. It also took inspiration from signs in American movies from the 1940s and 1950s.

Grand Slang is both strong and adaptable, blending various styles such as traditional and contemporary handwriting, alongside basic shapes. It includes over 310 glyphs, covering capital and small letters, numbers, punctuation marks, accents, ligatures, diacritics and symbols.

The title "Grand Slang" comes from the English words "grand" and "slang". The word "grand" is used in US and UK slang to mean a thousand dollars or a thousand pounds.

The typeface is available online for download in OTF and WOFF file formats. It is useful for graphic design, web design, applications and e-books.

Grand Slang can be used to write in many European languages that use the Latin alphabet. It is a proprietary software (or closed source software), so one can use it by accepting the terms of the software license.



Buraq

The Buraq (Arabic: الْبُرَاق), which means "the lightning" in Arabic, is a horse-like creature in Islamic stories. It's said to have been the mount of the Islamic prophet Muhammad during his journey from Mecca to Jerusalem and through the heavens and back at night. According to traditions, the Buraq also carried other prophets like Abraham over long distances in a very short time.

The Encyclopaedia of Islam, based on Al-Damiri's writings, suggests that "al-burāq" comes from the Arabic word "barq," which means "lightning" or has other related meanings like "flash" or "shine." According to the Encyclopædia Iranica, "Boraq" comes from the Middle Persian words "*barāg or *bārag," which mean "a riding beast or mount".

Islamic tradition tells that the Night Journey happened ten years after Muhammad became a prophet, around the 7th century. Muhammad was in Mecca when Gabriel came to him with the Buraq, a magical creature. The Buraq carried Muhammad from Al-Haram Mosque in Mecca to Al Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem.

In Jerusalem, Muhammad prayed at the Temple site and then rode the Buraq up through seven heavens. Along the way, he met several prophets like Adam, Jesus, Joseph, Enoch, Aaron, Moses, and Abraham. He spoke with God who gave him important instructions, including the command for Muslims to pray fifty times a day. After Moses suggested reducing the prayers, Muhammad went back to God several times until the number was reduced to five.

According to Ibn Ishaq, the Buraq also carried Abraham when he visited Hagar and Ishmael. It's said that Abraham lived in Canaan with Sarah, but the Buraq would take him to Mecca to see his family and back home in the evening.

Although the Hadith don't specifically say the Buraq has a human face, art from the Near East and Persia usually shows it that way. This idea even spread to Indo-Pak subcontinent and Southeast Asia. It might come from seeing the creature described as having a "beautiful face" and thinking it's human instead of an animal.

In Sahih al-Bukhari, there's a description of the Buraq:
In another part, the Buraq is described like this:

In earlier descriptions, people couldn't agree if the Buraq was male or female. Most thought it was male, but some writings have Gabriel calling it a female. Some artists even painted it with a woman's head. There's also an idea that "al-Buraq" just means a special mare, mentioned in books like The Dome of the Rock and Palestine in Picture and Word.

Basia

Barbara Stanislowa Trzetrzelewska (or "Basia", prounounced as "baa-SHUH"; DOB September 30 in Jaworzno, Poland) is a Polish samba music, pop and bossa nova singer-songwriter and recording artist. She began her singing career with several Polish music bands in the late 1960s through the 1970s. She moved to the United Kingdom in 1980 or 1981.

Basia became famous as a member of the British music trio Matt Bianco. She and her bandmate Danny White left the group in or before 1986 so she could focus on her solo music career. Her well-known songs include the 1990 song "Baby You're Mine", her cover of Aretha Franklin's "Until You Come Back to Me" and "Time and Tide". 

Basia went on a break because of some personal tragedies. She returned in the late 2000s to continue her career. She now releases her music with independent record labels.

Some sources mention 1954 as her birthday. Others say her birth year was between 1956 to 1959.

Terra Australis

Terra Australis (Latin: Southern land) was a hypothetical continent from the 15th century to the 18th century. The name was eventually given to Australia, while the 7th polar continent discovered was given the name of Antarctica. The idea was that the northern hemisphere needed a 'counterbalance'. 

Augusta Bender

Augusta Bender (born March 20, 1846 - September 16, 1924) was a German educator, poet, and author. She also supported women's rights.

Bender was born in the village of Oberschefflenz, Germany, to a poor farming family. She was the youngest of six siblings. Although she felt out of place in school, her mother encouraged her love for learning.

Later, Bender chose not to marry and supported herself, which was unusual for women in her time. She was also a vegetarian and a supporter for animal rights.

At 16, Bender left her village to pursue education. Despite facing rejection when she tried to publish her poetry at 17, she continued to pursue her passion for writing. After trying acting briefly, she settled in Mosbach to study education with a local family's support. She later became a private tutor after completing her training in 1886.

Moving to Heidelberg, Bender worked as a teacher and tour guide for foreigners. Though she planned to move to the United States in 1871, illness prevented her. However, she remained active in speaking about women's rights in cities like Karlsruhe, Stuttgart, and Mannheim. She played a significant role in advancing the feminist cause.

In 1891, Bender worked for a short time as an instructor at Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts. She later returned to Germany, retiring to focus on writing.

Bender also made research on German folk songs and wrote various literary works, including nursery rhymes, proverbs, poems, and novels.

Bender passed away on September 16, 1924, at a retirement home in Mosbach.


María Fernanda Ampuero

María Fernanda Ampuero (born April 14, 1976, in Guayaquil) is an Ecuadorian writer and journalist. She supported feminism.

Ampuero went to Universidad Católica de Santiago de Guayaquil. She studied with writers like Solange Rodríguez and Luis Carlos Mussó. In 2004, she traveled to Spain to write about Ecuadorian migrants but stayed there. For ten years, she wrote about migrant life and economic struggles in magazines across Latin America and Europe. Some of these were put into her first two non-fiction books: "Lo que aprendí en la peluquería" (2011) and "Permiso de residencia" (2013).

In 2012, she was named one of the 100 most influential Latin-Americans in Spain and got an award for best chronicle from the Organización Internacional de las Migraciones.

Her first short story collection, "Pelea de gallos" (Cockfight), was published in 2018. It was praised by critics and listed as one of the top 10 books of 2018 by the Spanish edition of The New York Times. It also won the Joaquín Gallegos Lara National Fiction Prize. It explores themes like violence, sexism, and social inequality in Latin America from women's perspectives. The book was translated into English as "Cockfight" by Frances Riddle and published by The Feminist Press in 2020.

María Fernanda Ampuero's published works include:


Polypedates colletti

Collett's whipping frog, Collett's tree frog, or the black-spotted tree frog ("Polypedates colletti") is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar, and some islands in the South China Sea. People have seen them as high as 600 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in evergreen forests where the ground is flat.

Scientists say this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living in places that humans have changed. This frog does have some threats: Human being cutting down the forests, mostly to make palm oil farms.

Marcelina Almeida

Marcelina Almeida (around 1830–1880) was a writer from Uruguay. She lived in Montevideo since she was young. Almeida used the names 'Abel' and 'Reine mi bella acclamada' (an anagram of her full name) for her writings. Her book, "Por una fortuna una cruz", is known as the first Uruguayan feminist novel.

Marcelina Almeida, also known as Marcelina Almeida Abel, was born around 1830 in Argentina. Her exact birth and death dates are unknown. In a poem, Francisco Acuña de Figueroa described her as a Uruguayan by adoption, born in Argentina.

Almeida's romantic novel "Por una fortuna una cruz" was published in Montevideo in 1860. It talks about "the forced marriage of a fifteen-year-old girl with a twenty-five-year-old man". The book started a big debate in Montevideo's newspapers. People discussed the book's quality and the fact that a woman questioned marriage. Almeida faced personal attacks, many under fake names. Virginia Cánova, a researcher, explained that Almeida supported liberal feminism, talking about women's lack of rights and how they were always seen as minors under men's protection. She criticized forced marriages, where the father decides for the daughter.

In 1991, Cánova found a copy of the novel in the National Library of Uruguay, reviving works missing from Uruguayan literary history. This allowed a limited reissue of the book, along with a study about "The origins of feminism in Uruguay." The study shows that feminism began in the early 19th century and not in the early 20th century, as previously thought. Female writers like Almeida, not María Eugenia Vaz Ferreira and Delmira Agustini, were the pioneers. 8

Almeida also wrote poems, a short story, and articles between 1860-61 for the "Semanario Uruguayo" and poems for the literary magazine "La Aurora de Montevideo" between 1862 and 1863.

Almeida died around 1880.

Selva Almada

Selva Almada, born on April 5, 1973, is an Argentine writer. She is known for poetry, short stories, and novels. In 2014, she started to write nonfiction with the book "Chicas muertas".

Almada studied Social Communication in Paraná, but later changed it to Literature at Paraná's Institute of Higher Education. Her early works started during a workshop by Maria Elena Lotringer at the School of Communication.

Her first stories were published in the Paraná weekly "Análisis". In 1997-1998, she had a short-lived self-managed cultural literary project named CAelum Blue.

Almada developed her storytelling skills in Buenos Aires with the help of Alberto Laiseca's literary workshop. Famous literary figures like Chilean writer Diego Zúñiga and journalist Beatriz Sarlo have talked about her talent. Her stories have been included in anthologies by publishers like Norma, Mondadori, and Ediciones del Dock.

She also has various literary workshops. From March to July 2017, she led the "Taller de relato autobiográfico Mirarse el ombligo" (Navel Gazing Autobiographical Story Workshop) at Escuela Entrepalabras.




Nobody's Perfect (Jessie J song)

"Nobody's Perfect" is a single by English singer/songwriter Jessie J. It was released as the third single from her debut album "Who You Are" on 27th May 2011, but was serviced to UK radio prior to this on 20th April 2011. It went to number 9 in the United Kingdom, Scotland and Australia, number 14 in Ireland and number 10 in New Zealand and Hungary.


Rhodopsin

Rhodopsin is a light-sensitive pigment in the rod cells of the retina in humans and other vertebrates.

Hadith rejectors

Hadith rejectors are Muslims who reject the authority of the hadiths. They believe a great number of the so-called sound hadiths are no longer defensible in modern discussions, that hadiths contradict the Qur'an, while others are illogical or unacceptable in that they are offensive to Islam and quite degrading to Muhammad. Hadith rejectors are distinguished from "Hadith advocates", such as Sunnis and Shias who believe in hadiths. Critiques of the rejectors of Hadith have existed both in the contemporary Islamic world and the greater modern-secular world. Groups that have rejected the Hadiths include "Ahl al-Kalām", "Mu'tazilites", some sects of the Kharijites, modernist Muslims, and Quranists. 

Historically, "Ahl al-Kalām", who have been described as the forerunners of the "Mu'tazilites", rejected the authority of the hadith on the grounds that its corpus was "filled with contradictory, blasphemous, and absurd" reports, and that in jurisprudence, even the smallest doubt about a source was too much. Thus, they believed, the true legacy of the Islamic prophet Muhammad was to be found elsewhere, i.e. in the Sunnah, which is separate from the hadith. Similarly, some sects of the Kharijites also rejected the hadith; there were some who opposed even the writing down of the Hadith itself for fear that it would compete, or even replace the Qur'an. Like Ahl al-Kalām, Mu'tazilites also rejected the hadiths as the basis for Islamic law, while at the same time accepting the Sunnah and Ijma. For Mu'tazilites, the basic argument for rejecting the hadiths was that "since its essence is transmission by individuals, [it] cannot be a sure avenue of our knowledge about the Prophetic teaching unlike the Qur'an about whose transmission there is a universal unanimity among Muslims".

Hadith rejectors include Quranists, who view the hadiths as un-Qur'anic; they believe that obedience to the Islamic prophet Muhammad means obedience to the Qur'an; some further claim that most hadiths are fabrications (pseudepigrapha) created in the 8th and 9th century AD, and which are falsely attributed to Muhammad. Similar to Quranists, modernist Muslims also believe that the problems in the Islamic world come partly from the traditional elements of the hadith and seek to reject those teachings.

Catharina Ahlgren

Catharina Ahlgren (1734–c. 1800) was a Swedish proto-feminist poet and publisher. She was one of the first known female journalists in Sweden.

She published and edited various women's magazines in Stockholm and Finland between 1772 and 1783. In 1782, she published the first periodical in Finland, "Om konsten att rätt behaga" (The Art of Pleasing Rightly), which was also the first one by a woman. Ahlgren was influential in the Swedish female literary world during the 1750s and 1770s.

Catharina Ahlgren was the daughter of Anders Ahlgren, governor of Östergötland, and Laurentia Juliana Liungenfeldt. She was also related to Johan Gustaf Halldin, chancellor of the Kungliga Biblioteket.

At one point, she served as a chamber lady in the court of Queen Louisa Ulrika but lost her position due to intrigue. Afterward, she managed a bookstore, translated works, and wrote literary pieces.

Ahlgren's first marriage was to Bengt Edvard Eckerman, a cavalry master. The marriage faced economic difficulties, and her youngest son was not recognized by her spouse. They divorced in 1770. She then married journeyman Anders Bark or Barck.

She moved to Finland with her second spouse around 1775 and later settled in Åbo. Her second marriage also ended in divorce. After her daughter Charlotte's death in 1790, she inherited part of her will and settled in Linköping with her daughter Julie in 1796.

Jonas Apelblad, an orientalist and writer, described her as a strong and talented woman who didn't have a peaceful life with her second spouse, similar to her first marriage.

In her literary career, Ahlgren was known as a translator and poet. She translated poetry and novels from English, French, and German languages. One of her notable translations was the German poem "Die Prüfung Abrahams" by Christoph Martin Wieland. She also debuted as a poet in 1764 with her French poem dedicated to Queen Louisa Ulrika on her birthday.

Catharina Ahlgren became known as a poet and translator in the literary world of the 1750s, even before she published anything formally. She was a close friend of the famous poet Hedvig Charlotta Nordenflycht, and their letters to each other are still kept. While Nordenflycht used the pen name "Herdinnan i Norden" (Shepherdess of the North), Catharina Ahlgren wrote under the name "Herdinnan i Ahl-Lunden" (Shepherdess of the Alder-Grove).

She translated poetry and novels from English, French, and German languages. Some of her translations included the German poem "Die Prüfung Abrahams" by Christoph Martin Wieland, and the English novel "The Distressed Wife, or the history of Eliza Wyndham."

Ahlgren's first poem was "Au jour de l'illustre naissance de sa majestee notre adourable Reine Le 24 Jullet" (On the day of the illustrious birth of our adorable Queen on July 24), dedicated to Queen Louisa Ulrika, on the queen's birthday in 1764.

During the time of freedom in Sweden, known as the "age of liberty," and the Gustavian era, many periodicals were published discussing important societal issues, with one notable example being the "Then Swänska Argus".

These periodicals often took the form of debates or correspondences between two unnamed individuals. Some of them also addressed the role of women in society and gender equality, with one of the earliest examples being "Samtal emellan Argi Skugga och en obekant Fruentimbers Skugga" by Margareta Momma in 1738-39. This anticipated the ideas of first-wave feminism in the English-speaking world. While many of these writings are thought to have been penned by women, they were mostly published under anonymous pseudonyms, making identification challenging. Margareta Momma, Anna Maria Rückerschöld, and Catharina Ahlgren are among the few whose authorship has been confirmed.

Jina

Jina [ jee-n"uh" ] is a female name and is a variation of Gina.

Stabbing Westward

Stabbing Westward is an American industrial rock band formed in 1985.


Jean Grey

Jean Elaine Grey-Summers, sometimes known as Marvel Girl and Phoenix, is a fictional character and superheroine from Marvel Comics.

She is member of the X-Men and wife of Scott Summers - she is one of Charles Xavier's first students and thus often acts as a mentor to younger mutants on what it means to be a X-Man and all the responsibilities that come with being a hero.

The heart and soul of the X-Men from the very beginning, Jean Grey took a piece of every one of her teammates with her when she died. A formidable telepath with telekinetic skills as well, Jean always struggled to contain the cosmic power of the Phoenix Force, a battle she endured until the day she died.

She was created by the late Stan Lee and the late Jack Kirby, and first appeared in "X-Men #1" in September of 1963.

Often listed as one of the most notable and powerful female characters in Marvel Comics, the character has been featured in various other Marvel-licensed products, including video games, animated television series, and merchandise. Famke Janssen portrayed the character as an adult in the 20th Century Fox "X-Men" movies while Sophie Turner portrayed her as a teenager and young adult.

Governor-General of South Africa

The following is a list of people who served as governor-general of South Africa from independence in 1910 to the establishment of a republic in 1961. But before that it was called governor of Cape Colony

Herbert Gladstone 31 May 1910 – 8 September 1914 

Sydney Buxton 1914–1920

Prince Arthur of Connaught 20 November 1920 – 21 January 1924

Alexander Cambridge 21 January 1924 – 21 December 1930

George Villiers 26 January 1931 – 5 April 1937

Patrick Duncan 5 April 1937 – 17 July 1943

Gideon Brand van Zyl 1 January 1946 – 1 January 1951

Ernest George Jansen 1 January 1951 – 25 November 1959

Charles Robberts Swart 11 December 1959 – 30 April 1961

after that, it was called state president

Disney Junior (programming block)

Disney Junior (formerly known as Playhouse Disney) is a block of TV shows that is seen on the Disney Channel every weekday morning. It started playing on April 6, 1997. The shows in this block are made for preschoolers.

A separate Disney Junior The Channel started on March 23, 2012. It plays many of the same shows as the block. Both the block and the channel are still airing.
Colossus (character)

Colossus (real name Piotr Nikolaievitch Rasputin) (Пётр Николаевич Распутин), often going by the Americanized name Peter Rasputin, is a fictional character and superhero from Marvel Comics, appearing as a major character in the "X-Men" comics.

He is of Russian heritage and is the brother of the magic-based heroine Magik as well as the villainous Mikhael Rasputin. Despite his mutant abilities of superhuman strength and organic-steel skin, he is actually a kind and gentle figure, who's also is a talented artist.

He was created by the late Len Wein and the late Dave Cockrum, and first appeared in "Giant-Size X-Men #1" in May of 1975.

Since his debut in the comics, Colossus has appeared in numerous media over the years. In the "X-Men" movies, he was portrayed by Donald Mackinnon, Daniel Cudmore, and voiced by Stefan Kapičić.

Warren Worthington III

Warren Kenneth Worthington III (originally known as Angel and later as Archangel), is a fictional character and superhero from comic books published by Marvel Comics and its universe, and is a major character from the popular "X-Men" franchise.

He is a mutant named after his bird-like wings that are powerful enough to give him flight and he has a nature that is as kind and heroic as his namesake, ready to protect others from harm despite his rather difficult experiences in life. He was one of the earliest members of the X-Men, and later a member of the X-Force, X-Factor, Secret Defenders, and Renegades.

He was created by the late Stan Lee and the late Jack Kirby, and first appeared in "The X-Men #1" in September of 1963.

Matchbox (song)

"Matchbox" is a 1957 song by Carl Perkins and was released along with its A-side "Your True Love". It was produced and engineered by Sam Phillips and was covered by The Beatles in 1964 for the movie "A Hard Day's Night" and for the EP "Long Tall Sally". It went to number 17 in the United States and Canada.

Axel Lawarée

Axel Lawarée (9 October 1973 in Huy) is a former Belgian footballer. He played as striker.
Lawarée's professional career began in 1991 with Belgian club RFC Seraing. Then he played for Standard Liège. He came to Spain in 1997 . There he played one season at Sevilla FC. He then returned to Belgium and worked for Excelsior Mouscron.

In 2001 he moved to Austria. With Schwarz-Weiß Bregenz he became top scorer of the league. In February 2004 he moved to the Austrian record champions SK Rapid Wien. He celebrated the first championship title of his career in 2005. The derby against FK Austria Vienna in May 2005 caused an injury-related setback. Lawarée was seriously injured by a brutal foul during a counterattack by Austria goalkeeper Joey Didulica.

In the summer of 2006, Lawarée moved to FC Augsburg in the 2nd Bundesliga. During the summer break of 2007, Lawarée signed a two-year contract with the then regional league team Fortuna Düsseldorf. Through promotion to the 3rd league and the promotion to the 2nd Bundesliga in the summer of 2009 the contract was extended for another year.

In the 2010/11 season, Axel Lawarée played for TuS Bösinghoven. He then ended his career with the lower-class clubs RFC Hannutois and FC Richelle United in Belgium . He also runs a consulting firm, Lawarée Axel Consulting SPRL.

That's How We Do It

That's How We Do It is the only studio album by Trailer Choir. The album was released on March 16, 2018.

Kaikohe

Kaikohe is an inland town in the Far North District, New Zealand. It is situated 260 kilometers from Auckland and 85 kilometers from Whangārei. It has two state highways running through the town State Highway 12 and State Highway 15 running through the town. It has 6 schools including Northland College in the town and former prime minister David Lange was once a resident.

Anga Lipi

A historical writing system called Anga Lipi existed. The Buddhist scripture "Lalitvistar" mentions the Anga Lipi, stating that it was one of the 64 scripts that Lord Buddha was aware of.

An old Sanskrit Buddhist text called the "Lalitvistar" makes reference to the Anga Script and lists Anga Lipi very early among the 64 scripts that the Buddha is known to have known. While some of the sixty-four letters listed in "Lalitvistar" were believed to be legendary by Arthur Coke Burnell, he believed that several, such as Dravid, Anga, and Banga, were real despite not emerging as separate alphabets until the ninth or tenth century CE.[3] (Burnell considered this section to be an afterthought.)

Bengali and Anga Lipi scripts may have sprung from Brahmic, but with certain regional traits.This lends credence to the theory that local traits were still being developed in alphabets from previous times

It shows how regional variations of Indian alphabets were first developed.

It is said to be the ancient writing system or script for Angika which was than known by its historical name Aangi. Various sources were gathered by Archaelogical Survey of India (ASI) during excavation in Banka and Bhagalpur. 

Christina Hawatmeh

Christina Hawatmeh (born May 8, 1988 in Saint Louis, Missouri) is an American tech entrepreneur and award-winning author. She is founder and CEO of Scopio and writer of the HarperCollins book “The Year Time Stopped: The Global Pandemic in Photos”.

Christina completed her bachelor's degree in International affairs from George Washington University, and Master of International Affairs from Columbia University.

Christina Hawatmeh's journey began at George Washington University, exploring Facebook groups as a student. In 2014, during her master's program at Columbia University, her innovative approach to the storytelling potential of images on social media gained attention. This led her to develop Artificial intelligence capable of identifying and preserving original images, aiming to move them from social media to a more enduring presence in the real world. Her vision was to distribute these images globally within three minutes of upload, preventing the loss of valuable historical moments buried in the constant flow of social media.

Facing challenges and limitations with existing platforms, Christina launched Scopio, a platform allowing users to directly upload and distribute their images. Her goal was to empower individuals globally, providing a space for photo sharing without the need for professional journalism or photography. Through Scopio, she identified global voices on platforms like Instagram and Twitter, establishing a community of individuals sharing images globally. Christina aimed to liberate valuable images from the confines of social media, recognizing their historical significance.

To address the limitations and biases of social media algorithms, Christina challenged traditional business practices by creating a marketplace bridging the gap between professional photographers and ordinary individuals. This transformative approach moved beyond the traditional stock photo industry into a new era of photo sharing.

Christina's commitment to inclusivity extended beyond entrepreneurship to social justice advocacy, focusing on cultural awareness and race. She emphasized the importance of venture capital in supporting diverse founders and advocated for a more inclusive tech industry embracing underrepresented voices from all backgrounds.


Christina has received numerous accolades, including being recognized as one of the "Top 10 Self-Made Women in 2023" by MSN, among the "Top 10 Entrepreneurs to follow" by NY Finance, and one of the "Top 10 Influential Women to look out for" by NYC Journal. Scopio, the platform she founded, is a recipient of the "Forbes 30 Under 30" award. Additionally, Christina has been an initial member of CHIEF, a recipient of the Tech Boss Award, and participated in the Columbia University Business School innovation entrepreneurship program as part of the first class at the Columbia Startup Lab. She is also an alum of 500 Startups, ERA, and a winner of the Arch Grant.

François-Henri Pinault

François-Henri Pinault (born 28 May 1962) is the chairman and current CEO of Kering. He is the son of François Pinault. He is considered one of the richest men in the world, with a family fortune estimated on August 18, 2018 to be $30.5 billion. He graduated from HEC Paris in 1985.

René Wagner

René Wagner (31 October 1972 in Brno) is a former Czech football player and now coach. The striker played in Brno and in Austria for Rapid Wien and SV Mattersburg. There he became top scorer of the league in 1997 with 21 goals. He also played for the Czech Republic national football team.
René Wagner began his professional career with Boby Brünn. He played for the club until 1996. Then he went to Austria and played for Rapid Vienna. Wagner soon became an important players. In his first season for Rapid, he became top scorer in the Bundesliga in 1996/97 with 21 goals. In eight years in Hütteldorf he played in the Champions League and was Austrian runner-up four times. Wagner never won the title. 

In the summer of 2004 Wagner moved to league rivals SV Mattersburg. In 2006 Wagner returned to 1. FC Brno and ended his professional career in June 2008. From 2008 to 2010, René Wagner played for SV Leobendorf in Lower Austria. He ended his career as an active footballer with the Czech fourth division club Sparta Brno in 2010. 
René Wagner played a total of eleven international matches for the Czech Republic between 1995 and 2001. He scored three goals.
After the end of his professional career, Wagner he worked as an assistantcoach for the B team of 1. FC Brno. Later he managed the B juniors of the club and then the A youth team. In January 2016, the Austrian second division club SC Wiener Neustadt announced that Wagner had been hired as assistant coach After Kreissl signed a contract as sporting director with first division club SK Sturm Graz, Wagner became head coach of Wiener Neustadt. In May 2017 the club separated from Wagner.

Indira Rajan

Indira Rajan (1939–29 April 2022) was an Indian Bharatanatyam dancer and teacher. She was the recipient of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award which she received in 1996 for her contributions in dancing. In her dance academy at Chennai, she has taught more then 1000 students.

Rajan was born in the year 1939 in Karaikal, Puducherry, India. She was born in an Isai Velalar family which is a community found in the Tamil Nadu region of India. They are traditionally involved as performers of classical dance and music in Hindu temples. Her grandmother Sundarambal was a famous Sadir dancer of her time, while her mother Sundara Kamakshi was a well-known musician and her uncles KN Dandayudhapani Pillai and KN Pakkiriswami Pillai were noted natyacharyas. Indira left her home to learn dance at the age of six. She started dancing under Guru Ganesh Pillai and had learnt Arangetram. She performed in public for the first time at the age of nine. She continued her training with guru while also starting an independent dance career at the age of 13. In 1955, she left to Madras to learn and upgrade her dancing skills.

Indira has performed a lot in India as well as out of India. During her long and successful career she was selected to perform in North and East India under the cultural exchange program of "Tamil Nadu Eyal Isai Natak Manaram". She has performed at important state functions and in the presence of several high ranking officials. She has composed dances on traditional songs from Tevaram, Thiruvachagam and Nalayara Divya Prabandham and has choreographed many dance-drama on various themes. She has also done few dance choreography for movies. In 1982, she performed at the Veinna International Film Festival. 

Many famous dancers asked her to help with their performances, doing the "nattuvangam". Nattuvangam is a rhythmic accompaniment in the classical Indian dance form known as Bharatanatyam. It involves playing rhythmic patterns on cymbals called "manjira" or "taal" while reciting rhythmic syllables known as "sollukattu" or "jati." It plays a crucial role in helping the dancers with rhythm and tempo during a Bharatanatyam performance. Over her long career of more than six decades, she taught over 1000 students at her school Vadhini Natyalaya. She was chosen as one of the 'important teachers' by the South Zone Cultural Centre of the Indian Government. She also taught dance to Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J. Jayalalithaa, for around 1 year.

Indra died on 29 April 2022, at the age of 82 or 83. Coincidentally, she died on the International Dance day. One of her student said, "Her death on International Dance Day shows her divine connection with the art".
For her contributions to the field of Bharatanatyam, Indira got the following Awards:

Natya Kala Ratnam: 1976

Natya Kala Bhushan: 1976

Kalaimamani: 1991

Sangeet Natak Akademi award: 1996

Acharya Choodamani: 2004


Bernard Baruch

Bernard Mannes Baruch was a Jewish-American financier. He was very successful in the stock exchange. He also helped several presidents in 3 major global conflicts. First in World War 1 with Woodrow Wilson, then in World War 2 with Franklin Roosevelt and Harry Truman, and lastly in the Cold War, with Harry Truman again. He lived until the presidency of Lyndon Johnson. 

Baruch's father was Simon Baruch, a Confederate soldier in the American Civil war, a physician, and then a Ku Klux Klan member. He had three brothers, and he was the second brother. They were Herman B. Baruch, Sailing Wolfe Baruch, and Hartwig Nathaniel Baruch. On 1897, when Baruch 27 years old, he married Annie Griffin ,an Episcopalian. Their children included Belle Baruch W., Bernard Baruch Jr., and Renée Baruch. (In order of birth). When the couple's first daughter, Belle, or Isabel Baruch was born, Baruch was so happy he wrote a poem about her. It went like this: 

"Oh Isabel, Oh Isabel,"

"The day you were first visible,"

"Paternal pride and future hope"

"We centered all in thee."

"Oh Isabel, Oh Isabel"

"We’re one and indivisible."

"We constitute a family now,"

"Where there was two, there’s three"

"(Baroness of Hobcaw, 4-5)".

The two parents, Baruch and Griffin, had two different religious beliefs; Judaism and Episcopalianism. After an argument, both agreed that their two daughters would be raised Episcopalian and the boy whatever he chooses to believe. 

Bernard Baruch was the one of 4 sons of Simon Baruch (father) and Isabelle (mother). Baruch's father was a confederate physician and surgeon in the American Civil War. After the war, Simon Baruch and his family traveled to New York City, where Bernard Baruch, his son, would be raised and live for most of his life. Baruch then studied at the College of the City of New York. One day, in a sports accident while he was playing baseball, he damaged his ear, and soon graduated. He worked in numerous jobs until he finally had enought money to become a member of the New York Stock Exchange. By 1900, Baruch was a millonaire, at age 30. 

On 1914, Baruch supported Woodrow Wilson financially during his presidential campaign financially. The two men became close as World War 1 raged on. In 1919, Baruch helped Wilson out in the Paris Peace Conference. For a long time afterwards, Bernard Baruch grew his wealth and supported many Democrats, such as Senator Joseph Robinson. But when Franklin D. Roosevelt became the president of the United States, Baruch greatly opposed him, although Roosevelt was a Democrat. But he couldn't ignore the Great Depression. Baruch did all he can to support, recover, and later rebuild the nation. Then another world war, World War 2 was fought. Baruch supported his home nation, and then supported many presidents in the Cold War. He even coined the word, 'Cold War'. 

After all his long years of being wealthy, supporting presidents and building a family, Bernard Baruch died on 1965, aged 94. In fact, he never associated or worked with any financial house, so was nicknamed, 'The Lone Wolf of Wall Street'. 

Brook stickleback

The brook stickleback ("Culaea inconstans") is a stickleback that is distributed across the US and Canada. It is the only species in the monotypic genus Culaea. They are preyed upon by smallmouth bass and northern pike.

Small populations are scattered throughout the Mississippi-Great Lakes basin extending to Colorado, New Mexico, Kentucky, Tennessee, etc., but sometimes, these places don't have these freshwater fish.

The brook stickleback has a small, compressed, and oblong-shaped body with a slim caudal peduncle and a fan-shaped tail. It can grow to a length of 3 to 5 cm (1.2 to 2.0 in). It has swollen lips resembles the ninespine stickleback in appearance but only with five, or occasionally six, dorsal spines. It also lacks lateral bony plates.

The colouring is grayish or olive green throughout the year with lots of indistinct mottling. During the spawning season, males are nearly black and females have darker and lighter patches.
"Culaea inconstans" occurs throughout the southern half of Canada and the northern part of the eastern United States. It is one of the smallest fishes in the region.

Brackish water populations are extremely rare but possible. In Nebraska, brook sticklebacks are generally found in small streams in the northern portion of the state. They've been in Nebraska since the 1900s.

The brook stickleback is normally found in North America, but it has also been introduced in Europe. These little creatures were brought in upper drainage of the River Inn in Bavaria. In the 1960s, they were introduced alongside the genus "Micropterus" to Lohjanjärvi in southern Finland.



Acanthopleurus

Acanthopleurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch. It is a relative of the modern triplespines. It's from the Oligocene of Glarus, Switzerland.

According to the fossils, "Acanthopleurus" may have looked long in appearance. The body was probably laterally compressed. However, very little is known about this prehistoric fish.



Layla and Majnun

Layla and Majnun (Arabic: مجنون ليلى) is an old story from Arabia about two lovers, Qays and Layla. Qays loved Layla very much, but her father didn't want them to be close to each other. Qays loved Layla so much that he couldn't stop thinking about her, and people started calling him "Majnun," which means "crazy". This story became popular in many countries like Persia, Turkey, Pakistan, and India. A Persian poet named Nizami Ganjavi wrote a famous poem about their love story in the 12th century. In the poem, Qays and Layla fall in love when they're young, but they can not be with each other. Many other poets were inspired by Nizami's poem and wrote their own stories about them. 

Some of these stories became very popular in places like Turkey, Pakistan and India. Sufi mystics, who are people who have special beliefs about God and spirituality, also told stories about Majnun to explain ideas like love and giving up things for someone else. Nizami's poem has been translated into many languages.

"Qays ibn al-Mullawah" loved "Layla al-Aamiriya" very much. He wrote poems about her and people called him "Majnun" (crazy) because he couldn't stop thinking about her all the time. When he asked to marry Layla, her father said no because he thought Majnun was crazy. Layla got married to another man named Ward Althaqafi. Majnun was heartbroken and ran away to the desert, where he wandered alone. His family left food for him, but he was lost in his own world, reciting poetry and writing in the sand.

Majnun's love for Layla was so strong that he disconnected from reality and searched for divine love in the desert. He didn't even recognize Layla when they met. Layla moved with her husband and became ill, eventually dying. Some say she died of a broken heart. Majnun was found dead near her grave, where he had carved poetry on a rock.

Their story is similar to Romeo and Juliet, where their love story is very sad and doesn't have a happy ending. There are many other stories like theirs in Arabian literature, where love isn't fulfilled, like the story of Qays and Lubna. This idea of love that can't come true is found in stories from all around the world, including South Asian literature like Urdu poetry.

According to Arab stories, Qays and Layla were born in Al-Aflaj province, Saudi Arabia, where there's a town named after Layla.

Jabal Al-Toubad is in Al-Aflaj, Saudi Arabia, 350 km southwest of Riyadh. The place called Jabbar, near Al-Ghayl village, is where the love story of "Qais bin al-Mulawwah" and "Laila al-Amiriya" happened in 685 AD.

In the 11th century, the Persian poet Nasir Khusraw visited Layla's town and described it, including Jabal Al-Toubad. He talked about how the region was poor and troubled by conflicts.

The story of Layla and Majnun was known in Persia a long time ago, starting from the 9th century. Persian poets like Rudaki and Baba Taher talked a lot about the lovers.

Although the story was known in Arabic literature in the 5th century, it became very famous in Persian literature because of Nizami Ganjavi's masterpiece. Nizami got inspiration from different sources and created a detailed picture of the lovers. Many other Persian poets were influenced by Nizami's work and wrote their own versions of the story. They were influenced by ancient Persian stories and love poetry too.

In the story, Layla and Majnun fell in love when they were young, but they couldn't be together because of a family disagreement. Layla's family made her marry someone else. Many poets tried to write their own versions of Layla and Majnun, but Nizami's work was considered the best.

In Azerbaijani literature, Fuzuli's poem Leyli and Majnun, written in 1535, became very popular. It was known for its emotional and beautiful writing style. It's seen as one of the greatest works of Turkic literature. The first opera in the Islamic world, also named Leyli and Majnun, was composed by Uzeyir Hajibeyov in 1908, based on Fuzuli's work.

The story of Layla and Majnun has influenced many writers, especially Sufi writers who see Layla as a symbol of their beloved. The word "Majnun" means "a crazy person" in Arabic, and the story has inspired expressions in Turkish and Arabic languages. The tale has also been translated into English, making it accessible to more people.

In Pakistan, the story of Layla and Majnun is very popular. This influence came to South Asia due to Sufism. Many movies have been made on it in both Pakistan and India.

Layla has also been mentioned in works by the English poet Aleister Crowley, including "The Book of Lies".

New bharat

In a significant move towards transforming the landscape of education in India, the government has recently implemented a series of landmark reforms aimed at revolutionizing the way students learn and teachers impart knowledge. These reforms come at a crucial time when the global education system is undergoing rapid changes, and India is positioning itself to meet the demands of the 21st century.

The cornerstone of these reforms is the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020, which envisions a comprehensive overhaul of the country's education system. The policy emphasizes a shift from rote learning to a more holistic and skill-based approach, fostering creativity, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills among students.

One of the most revolutionary aspects of the NEP is the introduction of a multidisciplinary approach to education. Students can now choose a combination of subjects from different streams, allowing them to explore diverse fields and tailor their education to their interests and aptitudes.

The traditional three-year undergraduate programs are set to undergo a transformation with the introduction of flexible and modular curricula. This change will enable students to choose their courses more freely, with options to take breaks and pursue internships, fostering a more practical and experiential learning environment.

Recognizing the importance of technology in education, the reforms focus on integrating digital tools and e-learning platforms. This not only facilitates access to quality education in remote areas but also prepares students for a tech-driven future.

The NEP places a strong emphasis on vocational education and skill development, aiming to make students job-ready from an early stage. Collaboration with industries and the integration of apprenticeships into the curriculum are key components of this initiative.

The traditional examination-centric evaluation system is being reevaluated. Continuous and comprehensive assessments, along with a shift towards competency-based learning, are expected to provide a more accurate reflection of a student's capabilities.

The NEP promotes the use of regional languages as the medium of instruction in schools, ensuring that students have a strong foundation in their mother tongue while also being proficient in English. This move is aimed at preserving linguistic diversity and improving learning outcomes.

India's recent education reforms represent a paradigm shift towards a more inclusive, flexible, and modern system. By embracing multidisciplinary approaches, integrating technology, and prioritizing skill development, the country is laying the foundation for a generation of learners equipped to meet the challenges of the future. As the reforms take root, it is anticipated that India's education system will not only produce academically strong individuals but also creative thinkers and problem solvers ready to contribute to the nation's progress on a global scale.

R-Stroy

R-Stroy is a Russian construction company, founded in 2022. It has a large contract with the Russian Ministry of Construction to rebuild the city of Mariupol in Crimea. Its contract, worth $37million is for 40 projects. They include the refurbishment of the Illichivets Stadium, the rebuilding of two university campuses and the reconstruction of dozens of residential buildings in the Left Bank. 90% of the residential buildings in the city were damaged or destroyed in the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

The majority owner, Nikolay Milkis, is a former deputy governor of a Siberian province. Milkis worked for pharmaceutical giant R-Pharm when R-Stroy was founded. R-Pharm was founded by Alexey Repik, known in Russia as one of the “kings of winning government contracts,” according to Forbes. Repik was placed under sanctions in the UK in February 2023 for his “close working relationship with Putin”. Ivan Sibirev in March 2023, acquired 40% of R-Stroy. The other shareholders are Konstantin Nuriev, who founded the company and retains 5%, and Valeriy Zolotukhin, who bought 5% in March 2023. Zolotukhin is also the general director of hospital construction company Petrusco, which is owned by Daeva, Repik’s mother.

Kleene star

In mathematical logic and computer science, the Kleene star (or Kleene operator or Kleene closure) is a mathematical process or operation on sets of numbers, characters (like letters) or symbols. It is often used for regular expressions.

As an example, if we take a set of numbers and call it formula_1, and create a never-ending list of all the numbers in that set, in all the combinations that are possible with those numbers, then we have created the Kleene star of formula_1. So, given a set, it's the set of all string combinations of members of that set.

Let's create a set called V, and put the symbols a and b in it.

So here's the Kleene star applied to that set of characters:

List of Myanmar representatives at international male beauty pageants

Mister Myanmar is a men's pageant held in Myanmar. The winner and finalists from the contest go on to represent Myanmar in many international pageants.

Wuzhiqi

Wuzhiqi (Chinese: 巫支祁) is a creature from Chinese mythology, often seen as a water monkey demon. It was first mentioned in the stories from the 9th century. According to a Chinese Legend, it came out of the water when Emperor Yu was fighting floods. It looks like a monkey with a white head and blue body, and could stretch its neck very far. Some stories say it is as strong as many elephants and can move very fast.

The earliest story about Wuzhiqi is from a book written in the Tang dynasty. It talks about a fisherman meeting a monkey demon with a black body and white head in the Huai River. Another old book from the Song dynasty tells how Wuzhiqi lived in the Huai River and was defeated by Emperor Yu. It was then trapped under Turtle Mountain to stop floods. Sometimes Wuzhiqi appears as a woman and has other names like Guishan Shuimu and Sizhou Virgin.

The first complete story about Wuzhiqi was in a legendary book called "Li Tang" from the Tang Dynasty. It described Wuzhi Qi as a creature like an ape, with special features like a long neck, strength like nine elephants, and great speed. Legend says that during King Yu's efforts to control floods, he met Wuzhiqi, who caused trouble in the Huaihe River. After a tough fight, King Yu used an iron rope to capture Wuzhi Qi and defeated him. Another book, "Supplement to the History of the Tang Dynasty", also talked about this legend. Some scholars think Wuzhiqi's story might be connected to a tale called "Xia Yao" from Yu Town. This story is still known in the mountains near Taihu Lake. Over time, the legend of Wuzhi Qi changed. In the Southern Song Dynasty, Buddhist versions of the story appeared, and Wuzhiqi became linked with the Jellyfish Empress. Later, the story transformed into dramas and operas, like "The Great Sage of Sizhou Drops the Jellyfish". Flooding in the Huaisi River Basin made the legend more popular, and different versions spread widely.

Because Wuzhiqi shares similarities with Sun Wukong (Monkey King), the main character in "Journey to the West", some think he might be one of Sun Wukong's early forms. Eiichiro Ishida explains this by pointing out how monkeys and water are connected, and how Wuzhiqi's legend involves being tied up and sealed away, which relates to water legends.

In the 1920s, Lu Xun suggested that Sun Wukong's look was taken from Wuzhiqi. He believed that Wuzhiqi's power, like being very fast and strong, were passed on to Sun Wukong. Lu Xun also mentioned a old drama where Wuzhiqi is called Sun Wukong's sister, showing a connection between them. But, Hu Shi thought differently. He believed Sun Wukong was inspired by Hanuman, a monkey god from the South Asian epic "Ramayana." This idea sparked debates among scholars. Later, some scholars suggested that Sun Wukong's character is a mix of different influences, including Wuzhiqi and Hanuman.

Ishmael Bernal

Ishmael Bernal (September 30, 1938 – June 2, 1996) was a Filipino film director. He was known for his films that express social injustices and reflect on the struggles of ordinary Filipinos. In the 1970s, he was recognized as the Director of the Decade by the Catholic Mass Media Awards. In 2001, he was awarded National Artist for Cinema in the Philippines.


Evgeny Cossman (person)

Evgeny Сossman (, born September 11, 1993, Norilsk, Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia) is a Russian tarologist, psychologist, entrepreneur, numerologist, blogger, is the host of the program ""Tarot on the whole head"" on the RTVI channel, is also an expert on the YouTube show ""Very Strange Stories"" and is the author of the esoteric method ""Arcane under the cover"".

Evgeny was born on September 11, 1993 in Norilsk (Krasnoyarsk Krai). After graduating from high school, he entered and graduated from Moscow State University and then from the Institute of Oriental Medicine PFUR. He has also maintained a personal practice as a tarotologist and psychologist since 2009. He founded his own Tarot training school in 2019, and is an instructor of his own online Tarot school. 

In 2019, in an interview for the Russian newspaper RBC Style, talked about magic crystals for all occasions, astrological predictions in messengers and Tarot cards in fashion collections.

Since 2022, he started his professional activity on major event performances, for brands such as: "RIVGOSH", "HELLO Magazine", "Letual", "JUST CLOTHES". In March 2023, in an interview for peopletalk magazine, he talked about and explained taromancy and how often you can do Tarot readings. And in June of the same year, in an interview for the same newspaper, he described the method of using Tarot.

Halmasti

Halmasti or the Celestial Hound is a large horse-sized evil hound in Chitrali mythology of northern Pakistan. It is connected to the heavens, showing by its name, "halmasti", which means 'thunder' in Khowar. The Halmasti is said to be a large wolf with dark red fur, long limbs and a large mouth. Some stories say it can even breathe out fire.

According to Chitrali stories, Halmasti only appears in places where either a baby is born or someone has died. People believe that these places shouldn't be left empty for seven days and nights; during this time, Quranic recitations should encircle the dead, while newborns should be sung lullabies.

People were very careful around babies because they thought Halmasti might hurt them. That's why they wouldn't leave babies alone, and if they really had to, they would put something made of iron, often a knife or a blade, under the baby's pillow. It was believed that the Halmasti hated and avoided the metal and that iron was its weakness.

Chitral is a place where many different cultures meet. It is in the middle of West, Central and East Asia. Chitrali mythology is a mix of stories from Iranic, Turkic, and Chinese cultures, along with its own local stories.

The origin of Halmasti is believed to be in ancient Sumer where it was known as a female demon "Littu". Later, Semitic people called it "Lillith", spreading throughout European stories as a child snatcher. Iranic people called it "Al" or "Hal", a witch who snatched children. In the Turkic world, "Al-Basti" hunted guilty souls. The name Halmasti comes from the Turkic word "Al-Basti," but its description differs. Chitrali stories say Halmasti is like the Tiangou (Heavenly Dog) from ancient Chinese tales. It was a celestial hound that came from the sky with thunder and lightning to eat the sun and moon, causing eclipses and mischief among children.

The Halmasti is a large creature, like a dog or a wolf, with dark red fur and a huge size. It's often linked to birth and death, making it a symbol of darkness. Because of this, people in Chitral were afraid of it and took precautions. Seeing a Halmasti was thought to bring bad luck.

Because people feared the Halmasti, they took different actions when someone died or a baby was born. When a baby was born, it was never left alone. But if there was an emergency and the baby had to be left alone, people would put an iron weapon under the baby's bed to keep the Halmasti away. They believed that iron scared the Halmasti and kept it away.

When someone died, the Halmasti often came to where the body was washed or buried. Because of this, people didn't leave those places for seven days. They stayed there and recited the Quran in circles to keep the Halmasti from descending.

Rabab Al-Kadhimi

Rabab Al-Kadhimi (, also known as Rabab Al-Kazimi; 30 July 1918 – 1998) was an Iraqi poet who wrote about women's rights and a dentist. She is also known for her contributions to women's poetry.

Rabab al-Kadhimi was born in Cairo on 23 August 1918. Her father, the Iraqi poet , supported her interest in poetry. Her mother, Aisha, from Tunisia, died when Rabab was ten years old. Her father's support encouraged her to write, and she started publishing her poems in Egyptian magazines during the 1920s and 1930s. Some of her poems were so political that both she and her father got threats from Egyptian authorities. Her father died when she was eighteen, and soon after, she was invited to Iraq to join a memorial for him. She later joined the Princess Fawzia School in Egypt in 1936, funded by the Iraqi Ministry of Education.

After returning to Egypt, Al-Kadhimi married Hikmat Chadirji and had a son. However, in 1950, she decided to go on education and started dentistry education. She was educated at Georgetown University Hospital in Washington, specializing in pediatric dentistry (dentistry for children). The couple later went back to Iraq, where Chadirji got a position in the Iraqi Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Meanwhile, Al-Kadhimi continued her job and by 1956, she became the Head of Dentistry at a hospital in Baghdad. After some time, they returned to Egypt. After that, Al-Kadhimi used her medical knowledge to give care to the people who were injured during the Algerian Revolution. She passed away in 1998.

Li Ang (writer)

Shih Shu-tuan (; born 5 April 1952, in Lukang, Taiwan), is a Taiwanese feminist writer. She also uses the pen name Li Ang (). She finished her studies in philosophy at Chinese Culture University and she later studied drama at the University of Oregon. Li Ang then returned to teach at her old university. Her main work is "The Butcher's Wife" (殺夫: 1983, tr. 1986), but she has written many other novels. Her stories often contain feminist themes and sexuality, and many take place in Lukang.

"The Butcher's Wife" criticizes traditional Chinese patriarchy. The story tells about a female character who is forced into marriage with a much older, cruel butcher by her dead father's brother. The butcher abuses her sexually and scares her in various ways, such as a visit to the slaughterhouse. In a confused state, the main character in the end, kills him with a butcher's knife.

Li Ang is famous for her unique, honest, and deep insights into gender politics in modern Taiwan society. She started writing when she was just 16 years old and has since written nearly twenty novels and collections of short stories. Her works mainly tell about women's issues such as sexuality during adolescence, feminism, gender roles, and female experiences. For her courage in using topics that are often considered "hard to talk about" Taiwanese culture, critics both in China and around the world praised her. Her books have been translated into many languages and are sold worldwide. Major newspapers like "The New York Times" told about her books and some films and television series used them. In 2004, Li Ang received the “Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres” from the French Minister of Culture and Communication for her important contributions to global literature.

This is a complete list of Li Ang's works published in Taiwan as well as the English translations of her work.





Polypedates otilophus

The bony-headed Rhacophorus, Bongon whipping frog, or file-eared tree frog ("Polypedates otilophus") is a frog. It lives in Borneo. People have seen them from sea level to 1000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 64-80 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 82-97 mm. The skin of the frog's back is brown or yellow or gray or yellow-brown in color. The belly is nearly white in color. Each frog has thin black stripes on the back of its head. There are stripes and dots on other parts of the body and thicker stripes on the back legs. The iris of the eye is yellow-gray in color and the pupils go side to side and open up and down.

The tadpoles are yellow-green on top and and silvery white on the belly. Some of them have yellow spots on their dorsal fins. The tadpoles become the same color as adults after their hind legs begin to grow but before their front legs grow.

This frog lives in forests. It can live in trees or smaller woody plants. The female frog lays eggs in foam nests on leaves 30 cm over rain pools. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the rain pool or stream. This frog can live in places that human beings have changed, such as palm oil farms.

This frog eats insects and other animals without bones, such as tree crickets. Sometimes this frog will eat smaller frogs.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out but there are fewer of them than there were because human beings change the places where it lives by cutting down the forest. But scientists have seen that this frog can live in places where humans have cut down only a few trees at a time.

Human beings used to catch this frog to sell as pets, but the frogs usually died.

This frog can have a smell that humans do not like.

Peggy Antrobus

Peggy Antrobus (born 1935) is a feminist activist, author, and scholar from the Caribbean. She worked as Advisor on Women's Affairs to the government of Jamaica, and as United Nations advisor to the Barbados Ministry of Social Transformation. She is one of the early members of several feminist organisations, like Caribbean Association for Feminist Research and Action (CAFRA), the global South feminist network Development Alternatives with Women for a New Era (DAWN), and the International Gender and Trade Network (IGTN). She is the author of "The Global Women's Movement: Origins, Issues and Strategies" (Zed Books, 2004).

Antrobus was born in Grenada in 1935. She studied in St. Lucia at St. Joseph's Convent and later at the St. Vincent Girl's High School. She studied economics at Bristol University in 1954, and got a certificate in social work at the University of Birmingham, United Kingdom. She completed her doctorate in education at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst in 1998.

Antrobus was appointed the advisor on Women's Affairs to the government of Jamaica in 1974. According to Michelle Rowley, associate professor of women's studies at the University of Maryland, this was the beginning of Antrobus' feminist consciousness. In 1987, she started the Women and Development Unit (WAND) at the University of the West Indies (UWI) and was its manager until she retired in 1995.

She started the Caribbean Association for Feminist Research and Action (CAFRA) with other Caribbean activists, artists, and scholars like Honor Ford-Smith, Sonia Cuales, Cynthia Ellis, Joan French, Rhoda Reddock, and Rawwida Baksh-Soodeen in 1985. She was also a starter of Development Alternatives for Women in a New Era (DAWN) and functioned as the organization's general coordinator for the from 1990 to 1996.

With many other important activists, Peggy Antrobus was interested in the UN World Conferences on Women, including the first at Mexico City in 1975. US feminist and author Charlotte Bunch, quotes Antrobus as saying, about this first international gathering of women: "It was within this context that women from around the world first encountered each other in a sustained and ever-deepening process...[that] was to nurture and expand this movement in a way that not even its strongest protagonists could have imagined."

Peggy Antrobus writes an analytical and historical summary of global feminism and the international women's movement in her book, "The Global Women's Movement: Origins, Issues and Strategies" (Zed Books, 2004). She contributed an essay to Robin Morgan's anthology, "Sisterhood is Global: The International Women's Movement Anthology" (Anchor Press/Doubleday, 1984).

Mariama Bâ

Mariama Bâ (April 17, 1929 – August 17, 1981) was a writer and supporter for women's rights from Senegal. She wrote two novels in French that were translated into many languages. She was born in Dakar and grew up as a Muslim.

Her first novel, "Une si longue lettre" (1979; translated as "So Long a Letter"), tells her concerns about the lives of African women. It tells the story of a woman who must cope with the loss of her husband while also dealing with his younger second wife. The book won the first Noma Award for Publishing in Africa in 1980.

Bâ was born in Dakar, Senegal, in 1929, to a rich and educated family of Lebu descent. Her father was a government minister, and her grandfather worked as an interpreter during the French colonial period. After her mother's death, Bâ was raised by her grandparents of her mother in the traditional way. She received her early education in French and also attended a Koranic school.

Bâ was successful in her studies, however she had challenges as a girl looking for a higher education during colonial times. At first, her grandparents did not want her to continue her education after primary school, but her father insisted for her to join a teacher training college in Rufisque, Dakar. She was ver successful and eventually became a school teacher. Later, she worked as an educational inspector. 

Bâ was married three times and had nine children. Her third and longest marriage was to a Senegalese member of Parliament named Obèye Diop, but they eventually divorced.

Bâ died in 1981 after a long illness, before her second novel, "Un Chant écarlate" ("Scarlet Song"), was published. This novel tells a love story between two individuals from different backgrounds who challenge traditional norms. 

Quadriceps

The quadriceps femoris muscle, also called the quadriceps extensor, quadriceps or quads is a large muscle group that includes four large muscles on the front of the thigh. These are the only muscles in the human body that can extend the knee.

The Quadriceps are divided into four different muscles, also called the 'heads'

Gaurav Yadav

Gaurav Yadav, also known as Gaurav Narendra Yadav, is an Indian cricketer. He was born on 31 October 1991 in Madhya Pradesh, India.

Barratt Developments

Barratt Developments is one of the largest house building companies in the United Kingdom. It started in Newcastle upon Tyne in 1958. It is now based in Coalville, Leicestershire. It has been listed on the London Stock Exchange since 1968, and is in the FTSE 100 Index.

In February 2024 it agreed a deal for £2.5 billion to buy rival Redrow. The combined group would be renamed Barratt Redrow and would build roughly 22,000 homes a year. It would be the biggest house building company in the country.

Sir Robert McAlpine

Sir Robert McAlpine Limited is a family-owned building and civil engineering company based in Hemel Hempstead, England. It carries out engineering and construction in the infrastructure, heritage, commercial, arena and stadium, healthcare, education and nuclear sectors.

The business was started by Robert McAlpine in Lanarkshire in 1869. He died in 1934.

Many Irish immigrants who had come to England looking for work worked for the company. Dominic Behan wrote a song about them called "McAlpine's Fusiliers" in the 1960s. It was made famous by The Dubliners.

The Dubliners

The Dubliners were an Irish folk band founded in Dublin in 1962. Their most famous lead singers were Luke Kelly and Ronnie Drew. The band was successful with their lively Irish folk songs, traditional street ballads and instrumentals.

They were one of the most influential Irish acts of the 20th century. They celebrated 50 years together in 2012, the year they retired.

Dominic Behan wrote songs for them including McAlpine's Fusiliers. 

AleXa

Alexandra Christine Schneiderman (born December 9, 1996), known by her stage name AleXa () or Alex Christine, is an American K-pop singer and dancer based in South Korea. She works under ZB Label.

In 2022, she represented her home state Oklahoma in American Song Contest with the song "Wonderland" and she won first place.



Oleksandr Bilokon

Oleksandr Hennadiyovych Bilokon (April 22, 1991, Bila Tserkva, Kyiv region — February 2, 2024) — Ukrainian strongman, a participant in the Russian-Ukrainian war. World and European champion in powerlifting, record holder of the Book of Records of Ukraine.

He was holder of the title "The Strongest Man of Ukraine" (in the weight category of 95 kg) in 2020. Master of Sports (2020).

World and European champion in powerlifting, bronze medalist of the Cup of Ukraine and the national championship of Heroic Games.

He was mobilized in March 2023. At the beginning of June 2023, he suffered a serious shrapnel injury to his hand, but he took part in the veteran competition "Kyiv Nezlamnyi", where he won the championship.

Died in February 2024 in the war with the Russian invaders.

Toledo Walleye

The Toledo Walleye are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2009. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Toledo, Ohio at Huntington Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).

Another team had played in Toledo, Ohio as the Toledo Storm from 1991 to 2007. After the 2007 season, the Storm were purchased by another company and the team would stop playing while their new arena, the Huntington Center, was built.

On February 20, 2008, the new owners would change the name of the team from the Storm to the Toledo Walleye after the walleye fish in the area.
The team returned to the ECHL in 2009.

On October 16, 2009, the team would play their first game as the Toledo Walleye. They would be defeated by the Florida Everblades 2–1.

The Walleye would win the Brabham Cup twice. They would make it to the 2019 and 2022 Kelly Cup Finals. They would to the Newfoundland Growlers four games to two. In their second trip to the finals, they would lose to the Florida Everblades four game to one.

On August 3, 2009, the Walleye and the Chicago Blackhawks announced their affiliation. The Walleye were former affiliates of the Chicago Blackhawks.

Alexandra Grant

Alexandra Grant (born 1970) is an American artist who is known for checking language and written texts by things like painting, drawing, and other art. A large part of her art involves talking with writers and language. Grant sees how writing and ideas relate to language theory in art. Grant also makes pictures that are inspired by words and has worked with other people to set up art displays. She lives in Los Angeles and has been in a relationship with Canadian actor Keanu Reeves since November 2019.

At a party in 2009, Grant got to meet Canadian actor Keanu Reeves. The result of this meet led to the two creating a book called "Ode to Happiness", which they released in the start of 2011. This was Grant and Reeves' first book together. It was also Reeves's first book as a writer and Grant's first as an artist. Grant and Reeves worked again in 2016 on "Shadows", their second work that included a book and a set of images. In November 2019, Grant got into a relationship with Reeves.

Dionysius of Halicarnassus

Dionysius of Halicarnassus (, 

Dionysius was a native of Halicarnassus in Asia Minor. He moved to Rome in 30/29 BCE after the end of the Roman civil wars and studied Latin. During this time, Dionysius taught rhetoric. The date of his death is unknown. In the 19th century, it was commonly thought that he was the ancestor of Aelius Dionysius of Halicarnassus.

Dionysius wrote an important work titled Roman Antiquities (, "Rhōmaikē Archaiologia"). It narrates the history of Rome from the mythical period to the start of the First Punic War. The work has twenty books but only the first nine have survived while the other books exist only as fragments. The thesis of Dionysius' work "was that Rome was a Greek city, Latin a Greek dialect, and Romans really Greeks."


Johann Fröhler

Johann Fröhler was an Austrian football striker. He played before and after World War I for SC Rudolfshügel. In 1919 he became top scorer of the league. 

Reduction (orthopedic surgery)

A reduction is when a doctor moves an injured bone back into its correct position.
When a bone breaks, it becomes dislocated or its angle changes, which could lead to deformity after healing without reduction. Since the procedure can be painful, reduction is usually performed under anesthetic. Afterwards, X-rays are used to make sure the reduction was done properly. Finally, a cast or traction is used to keep it in place while it heals.

Reductions can be either open or closed. If the body is cut into so doctors can see the bones they are doing surgery on, that is an open reduction. Otherwise, it is a closed reduction.

George Lascelles, 7th Earl of Harewood

George Henry Hubert Lascelles, 7th Earl of Harewood, KBE, AM (7 February 1923 – 11 July 2011), styled The Honourable George Lascelles before 1929 and Viscount Lascelles between 1929 and 1947, was a British classical music administrator and author.

Stay Together for the Kids

"Stay Together for the Kids" is a 2002 song by Blink-182 and is the third and final single from their fourth studio album "Take Off Your Pants and Jacket". It went to number 7 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks charts, number 13 on the UK Rock & Metal charts, number 85 in Switzerland and number 73 in Germany.

Wheeling Nailers

The Wheeling Nailers are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1981. The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Wheeling, West Virginia at WesBanco Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team first started in 1981 as the Winston-Salem Thunderbirds in the Atlantic Coast Hockey League (ACHL). They are the oldest surviving team in the ECHL. When the ACHL went out of business, the team would join the All-American Hockey League (AAHL). They would join the Virginia Lancers and Johnstown Chiefs for the creation of the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL).

Throughout their history, the team has formerly went under the names Winston-Salem Thunderbirds from 1981 until 1982, Carolina Thunderbirds from 1982 until 1989, Winston-Salem Thunderbirds from 1989 until 1992, and the Wheeling Thunderbirds from 1992 until 1996.

On March 31, 1992, co-owner Ed Broyhill announced that the team would be moving from Winston-Salem, North Carolina to Wheeling, West Virginia.

On October 18, 1992, the team would play their first game as the Wheeling Thunderbirds. They would defeat the Dayton Bombers 9–3.

On June 18, 1996, the team announced that they were changing their name to the Wheeling Nailers. They changed from the Thunderbirds because of a trademark issue between the team and the Seattle Thunderbirds of the Western Hockey League (WHL).

Falls Apart (Sugar Ray song)

"Falls Apart" is a 1999 song by Sugar Ray and was the second single released in Japan and the third single released in the United States. It was taken from their third studio album "" and went to number 29 in the United States, number 15 in Canada, number 33 in New Zealand and number 54 in Australia.

UK and Australian CD single

Japanese CD single

Market segmentation

Market segmentation is the process of dividing consumers, into sub-groups of customers (known as "segments") based on shared qualities to get better sales in marketing.

In these markets, people who study this idea usually look for common things between customers such as shared needs, common interests, and similar ways of living. The overall goal is to provide a more useful service for every type of customer. Many different ways to segment a market have been found. They usually do it by finding differences in customers to provide the most useful products for potential customers and regular customers alike.

Market segmentation assumes that different people have different needs – that is, different offers, features, prices, and more. They usually advertise different products differently to get the product sold to the best customer for the best service. Market segmentation is also for the company to study to better understand an individual's needs and purchase reasons, as it helps brands understand ways to better marketing, strategy, planning, and more.

Market segmentation, from an business view, assumes different people will want different products. It splits customers into groups with different needs and wants. The idea is to reach competitive advantage and that they should make more products to satisfy more people, thus getting more sales and customers. They must also consider how to make a product and many other things when doing this segmentation. 

Brands and people studying segmentation have to consider many things, such as: 

These brands and people studying also have to consider the target markets to reach to, such as:


There are many different types of market segmentation, such as:

Demographic segmentation: To get better sales brands may make different products attracting people of certain types. 

Geographic segmentation: The belief that different peoples with different ways of living have different needs, so they segment with that idea in mind. 

Psychographic segmentation: A segmentation applying psychology to sell a product, considering how a person may spend their time.

Behavioural segmentation: Divides potential customers into groups according to their seen behaviours. Many marketers believe this is the best type of segmentation. 

Generational segmentation: Segmentation by age-divide, or generations. 

Cultural segmentation: Division by how a person was raised and how they live in a way.

Market segmentation has many critics. Despite its limits, market segmentation remains one of the most long lasting marketing practices. Criticisms and limitations of segmentation have been well documented. Such criticisms include:


Allen Americans

The Allen Americans are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2009 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Allen, Texas at Credit Union of Texas Event Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Belleville Senators of the American Hockey League (AHL).

During their time in the CHL, the Allen Americans would win two Ray Miron President's Cups. Their first would come in 2013 and 2014. This made them the very last winners of the trophy.

In 2014, the CHL would end up going out of business. In October 2014, the Americans, Brampton Beast, Missouri Mavericks, Quad City Mallards, Rapid City Rush, Tulsa Oilers and Wichita Thunder would all be accepted as new teams in the ECHL. 

On October 24, 2014, the Allen Americans would play their first game in the ECHL. They would be defeated by the Tulsa Oilers 9–6.

The team would be successful during the 2014–15 season. They finished with 48 wins, 14 losses, and 106 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would win their first Kelly Cup after defeating the South Carolina Stingrays four games to three. The next year, the Americans would once again make it to the Kelly Cup Finals. They would win their second Cup in a row when they would defeat the Wheeling Nailers four games to two.

On August 24, 2022, the Americans and the Ottawa Senators announced their affiliation. The Americans were formerly the affiliates of the San Jose Sharks, Minnesota Wild, and the Seattle Kraken.

Jennifer Syme

Jennifer Maria Syme (December 7, 1972 – April 2, 2001) was an American actress, personal assistant, and record company executive. 

Syme was born in Pico Rivera, California. Her parents divorced after she was born. She moved to Los Angeles with her mother. She started to become interested in movies, and was a fan of David Lynch. She worked as an intern in Lynch's company for five years.

According to reports she met Keanu Reeves at a party in 1998. However, Syme's mother says that Syme knows Reeves for a decade. She gave birth to her child with reeves on December 24, 1999. The baby was stillborn 

She died in a car crash on April 2, 2001.

Walter Horak

Walter Horak (1 June 1931 – 24 December 2019 ) was an Austrian football player. The striker took part in the 1958 World Cup in Sweden . He was Austrian champion with Wiener Sport-Club. He also was top scorer of the league in 1958
The winger Walter Horak made his debut in the first league in 1953-54. In 1954-55 he made his breakthrough with 16 goals this season. He was the second best scorer of Sportclub. After two seasons whith less sucess, Walter Horak managed to remain undefeated for 41 championship games in a row with his partners Adolf Knoll, Erich Hof, Josef Hamerl and Karl Skerlan. So Sportclub won the 1957- 58 and 1958-59 championship. Walter Horak was the leagues top scorer in 1958 with 33 goals.

In the winter break of 1960 he moved to SC Wacker Wien. In the winter of 1961 he moved to Grazer AK and after just one half-season he went to Wiener Austria. Although he had a good debut at Austria he accepted an offer from the French first division club FC Sochaux. Back in Austria for the 1962/63 season, Walter Horak joined 1. Schwechater SC. He played there till 1966. He played his last first division game the following season at SK Austria Klagenfurt.
He debuted on 14 November 1954 in a 1-4 loss versus Hungary. His last match was on 1 May 1960 in a 0-4 loss versus Czechoslovakia. For Austria he played in the 1958 World Cup. He played 13 matches and scored 3 goals. 

Jonathan Reynolds

Jonathan Neil Reynolds (born 28 August 1980) is a British politician who is currently serving as Shadow Secretary of State for Business and Trade. A member of Labour Co-op, he has been Member of Parliament for Stalybridge and Hyde since 2010.

Reynolds served as Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Leader of the Opposition and a Shadow Energy and Climate Change Minister from 2013 to 2015. He was a Shadow Transport Minister from 2015 to 2016 and a Shadow Treasury Minister from 2016 until 2020. He was Shadow Secretary of State for Work and Pensions from 2020 to 2021, and has been a front bench representative on the Labour National Executive Committee since 2020.

Trachicaranx

Trachicaranx tersus is an extinct, prehistoric jackfish from Turkmenistan that lived in an ocean upwelling.

Some incomplete fossil specimens were once identified as ""Uylyaichthys eugeniae"."

This fish probably looked like a large pompano with medium-sized eyes.


Bridget Phillipson

Bridget Maeve Phillipson (born 19 December 1983) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Houghton and Sunderland South since 2010. She was appointed Shadow Secretary of State for Education in the Shadow Cabinet of Keir Starmer in 2021. Before this, she served as Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury from 2020 to 2021.

Criticism of hadith

Criticism of hadith is the critique of hadith (attributed reports about what the Islamic prophet Muhammad said and did). Not all Muslims believe the hadith are the words of Muhammad. Muslims who criticise the hadith are known as "Hadith rejectors", and are distinguished from "Hadith advocates", such as Sunnis and Shias who believe in traditional hadiths. Groups who have rejected the hadith include "Ahl al-Kalām", "Mu'tazilites", some sects of the Kharijites, modernist Muslims, and Quranists.

Historically, "Ahl al-Kalām", who have been described as the forerunners of the "Mu'tazilites", rejected the authority of the hadith on the grounds that its corpus was "filled with contradictory, blasphemous, and absurd" reports, and that in jurisprudence, even the smallest doubt about a source was too much. Thus, they believed, the true legacy of Muhammad was to be found elsewhere, i.e. in the Sunnah, which is separate from the hadith. Similarly, some sects of the Kharijites also rejected the hadith; there were some who opposed even the writing down of the Hadith itself for fear that it would compete, or even replace the Qur'an. 

Like Ahl al-Kalām, Mu'tazilites also rejected the hadiths as the basis for Islamic law, while at the same time accepting the Sunnah and Ijma. For Mu'tazilites, the basic argument for rejecting the hadiths was that "since its essence is transmission by individuals, [it] cannot be a sure avenue of our knowledge about the Prophetic teaching unlike the Qur'an about whose transmission there is a universal unanimity among Muslims".

Quranists also reject the hadith, who view them as un-Quranic; they believe that obedience to the Islamic prophet Muhammad means obedience to the Qur'an; some further claim that most hadiths are fabrications (pseudepigrapha) created in the 8th and 9th century AD, and which are falsely attributed to Muhammad. Like Quranists, modernist Muslims also believe that the problems in the Islamic world come partly from the traditional elements of the hadith and seek to reject those teachings.

John Esposito notes that "Modern Western scholarship has seriously questioned the historicity and authenticity of the "hadith"", maintaining that "the bulk of traditions attributed to the Prophet Muhammad were actually written much later." According to Esposito, Joseph Schacht "found no evidence of legal traditions before 722," from which Schacht concluded that "the Sunna of the Prophet is not the words and deeds of the Prophet, but apocryphal material" dating from later.

In his book "Mohammedan Studies", Ignác Goldziher states: "it is not surprising that, among the hotly debated controversial issues of Islam, whether political or doctrinal, there is not one in which the champions of the various views are unable to cite a number of traditions, all equipped with imposing "isnads"". Historian Robert G. Hoyland, states during Umayyad times only the central government was allowed to make laws; religious scholars began to challenge this by claiming they had been transmitted hadith by the Prophet. Hoyland vindicates Islamic sources as accurately representative of Islamic history.

Wes Streeting

Wesley Paul William Streeting (/ˈstritɪŋ/; born 21 January 1983) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Shadow Secretary of State for Health and Social Care since 2021, and Member of Parliament for Ilford North since 2015.

He served as Shadow Secretary of State for Child Poverty from May to November 2021, as Shadow Minister for Schools from 2020 to 2021, and as Shadow Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury from April to October 2020. He was also president of the National Union of Students, and Deputy Leader of Redbridge London Borough Council.

Zig Zag (2002 movie)

Zig Zag is a 2002 American drama movie directed by first time director David S. Goyer and was based on the 1999 novel of the same name by Landon J. Napoleon. It stars Wesley Snipes, John Leguizamo, Oliver Platt, Luke Goss and Natasha Lyonne.

National Union of Students (United Kingdom)

The National Union of Students (NUS) is an organisation of student unions in the United Kingdom. Around 600 student unions are in it. That is more than 95% of all higher and further education unions in the UK. Although the National Union of Students is the central organisation for all affiliated unions in the UK, there are also the devolved national sub-bodies NUS Scotland in Scotland, NUS Wales ("UCM Cymru") in Wales and NUS-USI in Northern Ireland (the latter being co-administered by the Union of Students in Ireland).

NUS is a member of the European Students' Union.

It was started in 1922. 

Pat McFadden

Patrick Bosco McFadden (born 26 March 1965) is a British Labour politician serving as Shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, Shadow Minister for the Cabinet Office and Labour National Campaign Coordinator since September 2023. He was Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury between 2021 and 2023. A member of the Labour Party, he has been Member of Parliament for Wolverhampton South East since 2005.

McFadden attended the Cabinet of Prime Minister Gordon Brown as Minister of State for Business, Innovation and Skills from 2009 to 2010, deputy to Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills Peter Mandelson. He was Minister of State for Employment Relations and Postal Affairs from 2007 to 2009, and Parliamentary Secretary for the Cabinet Office from 2006 to 2007. Before his election to Parliament, he was Political Secretary to Tony Blair.

In opposition, he served as Shadow Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills in the first Shadow Cabinet of Harriet Harman from May to October 2010. He was appointed Shadow Minister for Europe by Ed Miliband in 2014 and re-appointed by Jeremy Corbyn in 2015. McFadden was sacked from the front bench by Corbyn in 2016, and remained on the back benches until he was appointed Shadow Economic Secretary to the Treasury in 2020 by Keir Starmer. He was promoted to the shadow cabinet in 2021 as Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury.

Nick Thomas-Symonds

Nicklaus Thomas-Symonds FRHistS (born 26 May 1980) is a British academic, barrister and politician who has been Shadow Minister without Portfolio since 2023. A member of the Labour Party, he has been Member of Parliament for Torfaen since 2015.

He was Shadow Home Secretary from 2020 to 2021, and held several junior shadow portfolios from 2015 to 2020. Before his election to Parliament, he was a commercial barrister at Civitas Law. He has written books on Clement Attlee, Nye Bevan and Harold Wilson.

Shabana Mahmood

Shabana Mahmood (born 17 September 1980) is a British politician and barrister who has been the Member of Parliament for Birmingham Ladywood since 2010. A member of the Labour Party, she has served in the Shadow Cabinet of Keir Starmer as Shadow Secretary of State for Justice from September 2023. She previously served as Campaign Co-ordinator from 2021 to 2023, and briefly as Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury in 2015.

John Healey

John Healey (born 13 February 1960) is a British politician who has served as the Member of Parliament for Wentworth and Dearne, formerly Wentworth, since 1997. A member of the Labour Party, he has been Shadow Secretary of State for Defence since 2020.

Healey was Minister of State for Housing and Planning in the Brown Government.

Following the 2010 general election, he was elected to the Shadow Cabinet and was appointed Shadow Secretary of State for Health. He stood down from the role in October 2011 and was succeeded by Andy Burnham. He also served as Shadow Secretary of State for Housing from 2016 to 2020 under Jeremy Corbyn, and worked alongside Andrew Gwynne, the Shadow Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government.

Louise Haigh

Louise Margaret Haigh (/heɪɡ/) (born 22 July 1987) is a British politician serving as Shadow Secretary of State for Transport since 2021. A member of the Labour Party, she was elected as the Member of Parliament for Sheffield Heeley at the 2015 general election, as the youngest Labour member of that parliament. She served as Shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from 2020 to 2021.

Thangam Debbonaire

Thangam Elizabeth Rachel Debbonaire ("née" Singh; born 3 August 1966) is a British Labour Party politician, serving as Shadow Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport since 2023. She was previously the Shadow Secretary of State for Housing from 2020 to 2021 and Shadow Leader of the House of Commons from 2021 to 2023. She was elected Member of Parliament for Bristol West at the 2015 general election, when she defeated the incumbent Liberal Democrat MP Stephen Williams.

She was appointed shadow Arts and Culture Minister in January 2016, but resigned on 27 June 2016 owing to her lack of confidence in the Labour Party Leader, Jeremy Corbyn. She rejoined his frontbench team as a whip in October that year, before being made Shadow Brexit Minister in January 2020.

Before becoming an MP, she was a classical cellist, including for the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra. She has co-authored two books, and a number of papers, about domestic violence.

Anneliese Dodds

Anneliese Jane Dodds (born 16 March 1978) is a British Labour and Co-operative politician and public policy analyst. She has been Shadow Secretary of State for Women and Equalities, and Chair of the Labour Party since 2021. She was Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer from April 2020 to May 2021, the first woman to hold the position. She has been Member of Parliament for Oxford East since 2017 and was a Member of the European Parliament for South East England from 2014 to 2017.

Born in Aberdeen and privately educated at Robert Gordon's College, Dodds read Philosophy, Politics and Economics as an undergraduate at St Hilda's College, Oxford and subsequently took a master's degree in Social Policy at the University of Edinburgh and a PhD in Government at the London School of Economics. She lectured in Public Policy at King’s College London and Aston University. After joining the Labour Party, she unsuccessfully contested Billericay at the 2005 general election and Reading East at the 2010 general election.

She was elected to the European Parliament at the 2014 European Parliament election. She resigned her South East England seat when she was elected to the House of Commons at the 2017 general election. She served John McDonnell as Shadow Financial Secretary to the Treasury from 2017 to 2020. In this role, she supported calls for a confirmatory referendum on Britain's withdrawal from the European Union. In April 2020, she was appointed Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer by Keir Starmer. She was demoted after the 2021 local elections, and appointed Chair of the Party and Policy Review. She gained the additional Shadow Women and Equalities Secretary brief in September 2021, following Marsha de Cordova's resignation.

She was president of Oxford University Student Union in 1999.

Steve Reed (politician)

Steven Mark Ward Reed OBE (born 12 November 1963) is a British politician who has been Shadow Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs since September 2023. A member of the Labour and Co-operative Party, he has been Member of Parliament for Croydon North since a 2012 by-election.

He was Shadow Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government from 2020 to 2021 and Shadow Secretary of State for Justice from 2021 to 2023. Before his election to Parliament, he was leader of Lambeth London Borough Council from 2006 to 2012.

Reed is gay, and married his partner in July 2022.

Peter Kyle

Peter Kyle (born 9 September 1970) is a British politician serving as Shadow Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology since 2023. A member of the Labour Party, he has been Member of Parliament for Hove since 2015.

A former charity sector executive, he previously served as a Shadow Justice Minister from 2020 to 2021 and a Shadow Education Minister in 2021.

Kyle has dyslexia. He is openly gay. For eight years he was in a relationship with Czech man Vlastimil Tiser, until Tiser's death in 2012.

Darren Jones (politician)

Darren Paul Jones (born 13 November 1986) is a British Labour politician serving as Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury since 2023. He previously served as Chair of the House of Commons Business and Trade Select Committee from 2020 to 2023. He has been the Member of Parliament for Bristol North West since 2017.

He was a solicitor specialising in technology law, and worked at Womble Bond Dickinson LLP, before becoming an in-house counsel with BT, advising on data, privacy, cyber-security, telecommunications and consumer law.

Sophie Adlersparre

Carin "Sophie" Adlersparre, also known as Esselde (born Leijonhufvud; July 6, 1823 – June 27, 1895), was an important figure in the 19th-century women's rights movement in Sweden. She started and edited the first women's magazine in Scandinavia, "Home Review" ("Tidskrift för hemmet"), from 1859 to 1885. Additionally, she started Friends of Handicraft ("Handarbetets vänner") in 1874, established the Fredrika Bremer Association ("Fredrika-Bremer-förbundet") in 1884. She became one of the first two women to serve on a state committee in Sweden in 1885.

Sophie Adlersparre, born in the Leijonhufvud family, was the daughter of army officer Baron Erik Gabriel Knutsson Leijonhufvud and Sofie Emerentia Hoppenstedt. She took her education at home and later joined the popular Bjurström Pension ("Bjurströmska pensionen") finishing school in Stockholm. In 1869, she married the noble commander Axel Adlersparre (1812–1879) and became the stepmother of his five children. Her husband supported her in her social reform efforts.

Fredrika Bremer influenced Adlersparre's views and she became involved in feminist activites through her friendship with Rosalie Roos. Roos returned to Sweden in 1857 after several years in the United States with a strong interest in women's rights. Their activism was further improved by public discussions about women's rights in Sweden following the publication of Fredrika Bremer's novel "Hertha" in 1856. As a result of this debate, unmarried women were granted legal majority and guardianship was abolished (1858–1863). Additionally, the first state school for women, the Royal Advanced Female Teachers' Seminary ("Högre lärarinneseminariet"), was established in 1861.

In 1859, Adlersparre and Rosalie Roos started "Home Review" ("Tidskrift för hemmet"), the first women's magazine in Scandinavia, with financial support from salon hostess Fredrika Limnell. The magazine provided a platform for discussions on women's rights, gender roles, and feminism in Sweden and quickly gained popularity. Adlersparre, writing under the pen name "Esselde," served as co-editor with Roos until 1868, after which she continued as the sole editor-in-chief. When "Home Review" stopped publication in 1886, Adlersparre became editor-in-chief of the new women's magazine "Dagny" until 1888 and remained on its management until 1894.

Adlersparre's activism focused on women's access to education and employment rather than the right to vote (suffrage), which was given to Swedish women in local elections in 1862. She believed that women's economic independence was very important and supported for their participation in jobs traditionally dominated by men. She famously stated, "Women need work, and work needs women."

For this purpose, Adlersparre started evening lessons for women in 1862 and later founded a successful employment agency in 1863. She also asked the Swedish parliament in 1864 to allow women to study at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts on equal terms with men. This resulted with a reform granting women access to the higher education on the same terms as men. Adlersparre co-founded the Stockholm Reading Parlor in 1866, which gave free access to literature for women and promoted their education and professional opportunities.

Adlersparre's support for women's education contributed to significant reforms, including the establishment of the first state-supported secondary schools for girls in 1874. She also served on the Girl School Committee of 1885 ("Flickskolekommittén 1885"), which proposed reforms to the female education system. As a member of the women's association Nya Idun, founded in 1885, Adlersparre continued to champion women's rights and education throughout her life.

Barelvi movement

The Barelvi movement also known as Ahle Sunnat Wal Jamaat is a revivalist movement in the Sunni Islam in South Asia. It is influenced by Sufism and named after Ahmed Raza Khan Barelvi, a Hanafi Islamic scholar from Bareilly district of Uttar Pradesh. People connected with the movement follows Hanafi and Shafi’i schools of jurisprudence and Maturidi and Ash’ari school of theology.


Kathi caste

Kathi Also called Kathi Darbar is a caste found in the peninsular Kathiawar (now called Saurashtra) region of Gujarat, western India.
In Ain-i-Akbari, Abu'l Fazl has described Kathi as being of Ahir origin. The era known as Kathikanrapasamagatabd was prevalent among the Abhiras, who overthrew the Western Kshatrapas and captured the Kathiawad region during the early decades of the 4th century AD. They were known as Kathikanṛpatis. Probably these Kathikas or Kathis are none other than Abhiras themselves. The name Kathiawad seems to have been derived from the early settlements of Kathikas or Kathis.

Gulkana, Alaska

Gulkana ("C'uul C'ena' " in Ahtna Athabascan) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Copper River Census Area, Alaska, United States. 110 people lived here at the 2020 census. It has also an airport called Gulkana Airport.

Diva (Beyoncé song)

"Diva" is a 2009 song by Beyoncé and is third single from her third studio album "I Am... Sasha Fierce" (2008), along with "Halo". It went to number 1 in Brazil, number 19 in the United States, number 26 in New Zealand, number 40 in Australia, number 50 in Ireland, number 60 in South Korea, number 72 in the United Kingdom and number 73 in the Netherlands.

I Care (Beyoncé song)

"I Care" is a 2012 song by Beyoncé and was taken from her fourth studio album "4" (2011). It went to number 16 in Portugal and number 35 in South Korea. The song is an R&B power ballad, which also has elements of soul and rock.

Bad Liar (Imagine Dragons song)

"Bad Liar" is a 2018 song by American pop rock band Imagine Dragons and is the fourth single from their fourth studio album "Origins". It topped the single charts in the Czech Republic. It went to the top 10 in Belgium, Finland, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia and Switzerland and went to the top 20 in Australia, Austria, Germany, Italy, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Singapore and Sweden. It charted poorly in Canada and the United States. The music video was released on January 24, 2019. It was directed by Ryan Reichenfeld and was filmed in Nevada.

Linda Martín Alcoff

Linda Martín Alcoff is a philosopher from Latin America and teaches philosophy at Hunter College, City University of New York. She works on social epistemology, feminist philosophy, philosophy of race, decolonial theory, and continental philosophy, particularly Michel Foucault's work. Alcoff has written or edited over a dozen books, including "Visible Identities: Race, Gender, and the Self" (2006), "The Future of Whiteness" (2015), and "Rape and Resistance" (2018). Her writings on public philosophy have appeared in The Guardian and The New York Times.

Alcoff supports for greater inclusion of groups that have always been represented less in philosophy. She claims the contributions of philosophers from these groups create new fields of research, such as feminist philosophy, critical race theory, Latino philosophy, and LGBTQ philosophy. She worked as president of the American Philosophical Association, Eastern Division from 2012 to 2013. In February 2018, she became president of the board of directors of Hypatia, Inc., the organization that manages the feminist philosophy journal Hypatia.

Alcoff was born in Panama, the younger of two daughters to an Irish mother, Laura, and Panamanian father, Miguel Angel Martín, who met while studying at Florida State University. Her father became a professor of history at the Universidad de Panama. When her parents separated, Alcoff moved with her mother and sister to Florida when she was three. In 1980 she got a degree in philosophy from Georgia State University and in 1983 an MA, also in philosophy. She did her doctoral work at Brown University, completed her dissertation under the direction of Ernest Sosa, Martha Nussbaum, and Richard Schmitt and got her PhD in 1987.

After spending a year as assistant professor of philosophy at Kalamazoo College, Alcoff moved to Syracuse University. There, she taught for the next ten years. She became associate professor in 1995 and full professor in 1999. She worked in several positions at Cornell University (1994–1995), Aarhus University (November 1999), Florida Atlantic University (Fall 2000), and Brown University (Spring 2001). She took a position as professor of philosophy and women's studies at Stony Brook University in 2002. In 2009 she became professor of philosophy at Hunter College and the City University of New York Graduate Center.

Alcoff supported making philosophy more diverse. To tackle these challenges, she started the "Pluralist's Guide to Philosophy" with Paul Taylor and William Wilkerson. From 2010 to 2013, she worked as co-editor-in-chief of the feminist philosophy journal "Hypatia" alongside Ann Cudd. She also managed its board of associate editors during the Hypatia transracialism controversy in 2017. Following the debates, a task force was formed to address governance issues within the journal. In February 2018, Alcoff became president of the board of directors of Hypatia, Inc.

Alcoff has explored various topics, including Foucault's ideas, sexual violence, epistemology politics, gender, race identity, and Latino issues. She has authored four books: "Real Knowing: New Versions of Coherence Theory" (1996), "Visible Identities: Race, Gender and the Self" (2006), "The Future of Whiteness" (2015), and "Rape and Resistance" (2018). Additionally, she has edited ten volumes, written numerous peer-reviewed articles, and contributed to many book chapters and encyclopedia entries. Her article "The Problem of Speaking for Others" (1991) in "Cultural Critique" has been widely cited, with nearly 3000 citations according to Google Scholar.

In her book "Visible Identities: Race, Gender and the Self", Alcoff tried to give a detailed understanding of social identity by integrating her previous work in epistemology, metaphysics, and ethnic, racial, and gender politics. She told that geographic location significantly influences social identity beyond other factors, although she doesn't see it as deterministic.

In her article "The Problem of Speaking for Others," Alcoff studied the difficulties of representation when someone speaks on behalf of others, using concepts from social epistemology like social location and identity. She proposes "four sets of interrogatory practices" to guide speaking for others across different social positions: firstly, individuals should question their own motives to ensure they aren't driven by a desire for control. Secondly, they should be aware of the importance of context and location, and they should know how shifting words to another context alters their meaning. Thirdly, accountability and openness to criticism are important. Lastly, individuals must consider the real effects of their words on the discourse and material conditions of those represented.

Alcoff has received with various awards, including an honorary doctorate from the University of Oslo in September 2011. She received the Frantz Fanon Prize for her book "Visible Identities: Race, Gender and the Self" from the Caribbean Philosophical Association in 2009. In 2005, she was recognized as a Distinguished Woman in Philosophy by the Society for Women in Philosophy. Additionally, she held the Meredith Professorship for Excellence in Teaching at Syracuse University from 1995 to 1998. Her contributions to philosophy were further acknowledged when she was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2023.


Missouri–Kansas–Texas Railroad

The Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad was a American railroad company that crossed Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas. It was established in 1865 as the Union Pacific Railroad and in 1988 it merged with the Missouri Pacific Railroad, which still exists today.

Florida State Road 822

Florida State Road 822 (Sheridan Street) is a high across south Broward County that connects Southwest Ranches and Hollywood.

Carol Begay Green

Carol Begay Green developed the Navajo Braille System in 2015. Green was a semifinalist for the 2018 Holman Prize for Blind Ambition. She developed Navajo braille with the help of a linguistics researcher from Rice University in 2015. The Navajo Braille Code was approved in 2015 by the Navajo Nation Department of Diné Education.

Green joined the Farmington Municipal School District as a teacher for the visually impaired in 2010. She taught at Red Mesa Elementary School and Nataani Nez Elementary School before 2010. Green teaches the Navajo Braille Code and culture to people aged 3-21.

Green was born into the Tó’Aheedlí-Íníí clan. Her grandmother taught her the Navajo language and culture. Green lost sight in her left eye at age 13. She had cataract surgery in her right eye which led to a further decrease in her vision in 2000. Green graduated from Northern Arizona University in 1991. She received a Master’s degree in Special Education from New Mexico State University. Green found out from the Braille Authority of North America that there was no existing Navajo Braille Code in 2013.

Dana Tanamachi

Dana Tanamachi was born in Houston in 1985. She didn’t spend her early years focusing on her career. 

Tanamachi took drawing and design classes in college. She graduated from University of North Texas in 2007 with a design degree. She moved to New York a few months after graduation. After that, she started working for spot co. There, Tanamachi designed logos, posters, and billboards for Broadway shows.

In 2013, she designed the logo for the Nike women's marathon in San Francisco. She also designed logos for the Nike “Youthful Authentic, Celebration, We Run”. She loved the spotlight when she was famous. Later, she didn't like the spotlight anymore and retired. Then Michelle Obama asked her to collaborate and she came out of retirement.

Elena Zelayeta

Elena Loshuertos Zelayeta was a blind chef who wrote many bestselling cookbooks, starred in her own cooking program, and owned a popular restaurant and popularized Mexican food. 

Zelayeta was born in Mexico, which is where she learned to cook. Her mother taught her to cook at the hotel they owned. She then immigrated to the United States of America at age eleven. 

Zelayeta wrote four cookbooks, a self-help book, and a memoir. She opened a restaurant in her house. It was later reopened to Union Square with the name "Elena’s Mexican Village." She started her own frozen food brand. She had a fifteen minute cooking show called "It’s Fun to Eat with Elena." Zelayeta got scarlet fever when she was an infant. That gradually affected her eyesight, eventually rendering her blind at the age of 37. As she was becoming blind, she was also expecting a second child. She fell into a state of depression after two years of being blind. Zelayeta got so deep into her depression that she attempted to end her life. However, her husband Lorenzo caught her before she could do it. Zelayeta then began to teach herself to cook again. She utilized her sense of touch and smell to help her re-learn cooking.

Zubeida

Zubeida Begum Dhanrajgir (born in 1911) was a Muslim-Indian actress. Her work helped create more opportunities for women in film. She was the first talkie actress in Indian cinema.

Begum was born in Surat, Gujrat. When she was 12 years old, she entered the film industry starting with the movie "Kohinoor". Her mother, Fatima, and her sister Sultana were part of the film industry. Her mom was a director for the movie, "Bulbul-e-Paristan." Sultana and Zebeida both acted in this film.

She debuted on screen when she was 12 for her first film "Kohinoor". She was important in many films like "Veer Abhimanyu", "Kalyan Khajina, Bulbul-e-Paristan, Laila Majnu, Devdasi, Nanand Bhojai, Kala Chor, and Cul-e-sonobar, Zarina." Her last film was "Nirdosh Abla" in 1949. She received awards for acting in the first walkie-talkie film, "Alam-Ara." She passed away on September 21st, 1988.

Carol Chomsky

Carol Chomsky (July 1, 1930-December 19, 2008) was an American linguist and education specialist. She was born in Philadelphia, USA. She passed away from cancer in 2008.

Chomsky was a linguist and education specialist. She wrote the book, "The Acquisition of Syntax in Children from 5 to 10" in 1969. She focused on how language development and exposure to texts were related. She explained how older kids learn different syntactic structures. She graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1951 with a bachelor’s in French. She received a linguistics Ph.D. from Harvard in 1968. Chomsky then proceeded to work at Harvard Graduate School from 1972 to, when she retired, in 1997. In the late 1970s, she experimented on repeated reading as a learning strategy for children. She focused on making software that helps with skills like reading comprehension after her experiment.

She married her husband, Noam Chomsky in 1949. They both studied linguistics. They both specialized in different branches of it. Noam Chompsky was about to be jailed in the 1960s. Carol Chomsky then decided to continue her education by studying for a Ph. D. at Harvard.

Elizabeth Osifelo

Elizabeth Osifelo was the first female football commentator in the Solomon Islands, originally from Honiara. She was a part of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation International Development (ABCID) department's "Women in News and Sports" WINS program in 2019. She was a co-founder the Solomon Island Sports Journalism Association in 2021. She was already a working journalist, and wrote about politics in college. Osifelo commented during a game for the first Oceania Football Confederation women’s champions league. She was selected to be a part of the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup commentary and mobile journalism training program. Osifelo was at Tavola News during the women's world cup. Osifelo led a mobile storytelling workshop for women’s sports, also sponsored by the WINS program. Before she was a breaking news reporter to cover fast moving destruction.  

Andiswa Gebashe

Andiswa Gebashe is a sign language interpreter for the president of South Africa. She became a household name in South Africa during the COVID-19 pandemic. She was an activist involved in getting South African Sign Language (SASL) adopted as the twelfth official language of the country of South Africa as of July 19, 2023. 

Gebashe grew up in Soweto in the 1990s. Her father is deaf. Her first language was SASL. Gebashe’s father is one of the few deaf stand-up comedians in South Africa, and he also translates music and theater into sign language.

Gebashe has run the consulting and interpreting company Andy Signs Productions for over ten years. 

Gebashe is a sign language interpreter for the president of South Africa. Gebashe specifically interpreted press conferences and announcements about the coronavirus pandemic. She works with Nicoline Du Toit to translate for the President. She has also interpreted for different ministers of government and the Speaker of Parliament. Gebashe works hard to translate in a way that the original speaker would speak. She tries to act similar to the person who is speaking. Gebashe uses clear facial expressions in her work.

Gebashe and Du Toit's interpretation got much attention from the public because their sign language is very expressive. People could see Gebashe making facial expressions that showed how they felt during the pandemic lockdown. People made many memes and music videos using pictures of Gebashe and Du Toit. The memes made them even more popular with people in South Africa and taught people about SASL.

She helps translate stand-up comedy into SASL. Gebashe also hosts The Deaf Comedy Show every month in Johannesburg. Her father also does stand-up comedy.

Dai Le and Frank Carbone Network

The Dai Le and Frank Carbone Network (DLFCN) is an Australian political party that was founded in 2023 by federal MP Dai Le and Fairfield Mayor Frank Carbone.

It was founded as a local party for Greater Western Sydney, a region where the Labor Party is usually dominant depending on what is considered "Western Sydney". It was also founded to oppose the rise of teal independents in the affluent Eastern Suburbs of Sydney. The party plans to run candidates in many seats in Western Sydney at the next federal election.

Dai Le is the current member for the seat of Fowler, a traditionally Labor-held seat that she won as an independent in 2022. She used to be a Liberal councillor on the Fairfield City Council, but in 2016 she was suspended from the party for 10 years after she decided to run for Mayor against the endorsed Liberal candidate. Frank Carbone is the current Mayor of Fairfield. He used to be a member of the Labor Party before he left to become an independent in 2016.

Carbone originally thought of naming the party "A Western Voice".

Polypedates taeniatus

The Bengal whipping frog, Bengal whipping tree frog, or Terai tree frog ("Polypedates taeniatus") is a frog. It lives in India, Nepal, and maybe Bhutan. People have seen them as high as 500 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in grasslands, forests, and places with shrubs. The female frog lays eggs on branches over pools of water. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place. However, this frog can die when human beings start fires to kill reeds and from chemicals meant to kill pests.

Christine Hà

Christine Hà is the season three winner on the Fox cooking show, MasterChef. She also received the 2014 Helen Keller personal achievement award from the American Foundation for the Blind. Hà landed 2 James beard award nominations. She is considered one of the most well known Vietnamese chefs in Houston. 

Hà was born in Vietnam, in 1979. She lost her vision at age twenty. This was due to Neuromyelitis optica. She had planned to be a writer. Hà also got a Masters Degree in Writing at the University of Houston. 

Hà now owns her own restaurant, Blind Goat. In addition, she travels the world to speak about experiences. She especially supports the visually impaired and Vietnamese youth. Hà has given multiple TED talks, as well. She launched the “Four Senses” cooking show dedicated to making accessible recipes. Hà was the first ever blind chef on the MasterChef cooking show. During her time at MasterChef, most contestants got canned crab. Hà, on the other hand, got a huge, live crab. Nonetheless, she still took the victory. Many of the judges complimented her on her extraordinary palate.

Pete Namlook

Pete Namlook (25 November 1960 – 8 November 2012) is an German ambient and electronic music producer and composer.


You'll Accomp'ny Me

"You'll Accomp'ny Me" is a 1980 song by Bob Seger. It was taken from his 11th studio album "Against the Wind" and went to number 14 in the United States and number 8 in Canada. It was covered by Frankie Ballad in 2016.

Amlaíb, King of Scotland

Amlaíb mac Illuilb (, 7 September 938 – 26 October 977) nicknamed the Claimant (), the Destroyer (), and the Criminal () was the Disputed King of Scotland from 971 to 977 though he was never crowned. The son of King Indulf of Scotland (Illuilb mac Causantín), Amlaíb was the next in line of succession to his older brother, King Culen (Culen mac Illuilb). 

However, in 971, Culen was killed in a rebellion led by his distant cousin, Cináed mac Maíl Coluim, who immediately took the throne as King Kenneth II. Despite this however, Amlaíb declared himself the rightful king and attempted to overthrow Kenneth and kill him in revenge of what Kenneth did to his brother. Amlaíb and his army successfully captured parts of Scotland.

In July 976, Kenneth II ordered an arrest warrant for Amlaíb charging him with Treason and Crimes against humanity. In an attmept to avoid being arrested, Amlaíb decided to go into exile in England in an attmept to not be imprisoned. 

However, because at that time England had a bad relationship with Scotland, England would brutally torture any Scottish person who would step foot in the kingdom and would immediately imprison or execute them. Thus, Amlaíb decided to go to France. However, just like England, France would capture any Scottish people and would immediately be imprisoned due to the fact that France at that time had a really good relationship with Scotland.

The then-King of France Lothair heard about Amlaíb being wanted and also heard that Amlaíb would come to France. Thus, Lothair ordered an immediate arrest for Amlaíb as soon as he arrives in France. Upon reaching France, Amlaíb was arrested and was taken to Paris where he was imprisoned. In September 977, Kenneth II ordered Lothair to send Amlaíb back to Scotland. Lothair agreed and send Amlaíb back to Scotland by boat to be imprisoned.

On 22 October 977, while sailing past Hastings in England on his way to Scotland to be imprisoned, Amlaíb suffered from Tuberculosis. He immediately annouced that he would give up his claim to the throne so that he would get treatment and that his crimes would be dropped and that his Imprisonment would be cancelled.

The people who was in the boat with Amlaíb notified the then-King of England Edward II about Amlaíb's illness in an attempt to get treatment in Hastings, Sussex. Edward agreed and Amlaíb arrived in Hastings where he got treatment for his illness and successfully recovered his health. Although Amlaíb relinquished his claim to the throne, Kenneth II refused to dropped his crimes due to the damage Amlaíb did to the kingdom. Instead, Kenneth ordered Amlaíb to be executed.

Upon arriving to Scone which was the capital of Scotland at that time on 26 October 977, Amlaíb was captured and was imprisoned for a few hours before his execution started later that day. His will was to be buried in Iona Abbey in Iona alongside his older brother (King Culen) and most of the other early Scottish monarchs. Amlaíb was eventually hanged and died at the age of 39. This officially ended the long six year rebellion in the kingdom and peace was restored in the country. He was buried in his will at Iona Abbey.

Queen Harish

Harish Kumar (Hindi: रानी हरीश) (1979 – 2 June 2019) commonly known as Queen Harish or Rani Harish was a folk dancer and Choreographer. He was from Rajasthan, India. Harish was a person who worked to preserve"(protect something as it was originally)" the lost traditional Rajasthani folk dance. His performances include various Rajasthani folk dances such as Ghoomar, Kalbelia, Chang and Bhawai.
Harish Kumar was born in 1979 in Jaisalmer, Rajasthan to a family of people who build furniture and other things out of wood. They belonged to the Suthar community. Harish started dancing at the age of 13. His parents died at an early age, so he took up drag dancing, which mostly involves wearing clothes that are commonly associated with the opposite sex. He did it to support his sisters with money. Harish says, "“I am a man, who chooses to dance for a living. That's a reality that I will never ignore. I chose to make the Queen part more regal and not comical.”"

He was inspired by 'Annu Master' who had performed the first drag dance of Jaisalmer region, he started learning drag dance from him. He also practiced American tribal style belly dancing and Dancing in which dancers dance around a vertical pole, to make his body to perform all feminine movements.
Harish has performed Ghoomar, Kalbelia, Chang, Bhawai, Chari and other folk dances of Rajasthan state in about 60 countries. He also taught Choreography to more than 2,000 dance students in Japan. His performance was one of the highlights of the "Jaipur Literary Mela" which takes place once in a year. He has participated in the "Raqs Congree" in Brussels, the "Belly Dancing Festival" in Seoul and the "Desilicious" in New York City. In 2010, he has appeared in the reality television program 'India Got Talent' and went on to become the semi finalist. He has also appeared in several Bollywood movies such as Upadapdu (2003), Jai Gangajal (2016) and The Accidental Prime Minister (2019). In 2007, he appeared in British Movie director Jasmine Dellal's documentary "When the Road Bends… Tales of a Gypsy Caravan". In association with the government of Rajasthan, he ran a daily evening program in Jaisalmer called "'Queen" "Harish Program"'"." He had also been invited to perform at pre-wedding celebrations in Udaipur in December 2018. In that wedding he was seen dancing with Aishwarya Bachchan's daughter.
Harish was married to a woman and had two sons. On 2 June 2019, He was killed in a road accident on a highway in Kaparda village near Jodhpur in Rajasthan along with 3 other artists when they were travelling with other artists from Jaisalmer to Ajmer in a SUV car. He was 39 years old at the time of his death.
Reacting to his death, the Chief minister of Rajasthan at that time, Ashok Gehlot said, “Harish gave a new identity to Jaisalmer with his different dance style. His death is a big loss to the field of folk art.”

Words (Bee Gees song)

"Words" is a 1968 song written by Bee Gees. It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 15 in the United States, number 9 in New Zealand, number 1 in Switzerland, the Netherlands and Canada and number 13 in Australia. The song was covered by many artists including Rita Coolidge in 1978 and Boyzone in 1996 where it went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Scotland, Ireland and Lithunia.

In 1996, Irish boy band Boyzone covered "Words" as their lead single from their second studio album "A Different Beat".




Nano Begal

Nano Begal (Khowar: نانو بیگال), meaning "Begal's mother", was a famous and legendary woman from the Chitral kingdom in northwestern Pakistan. Her story is well-known in northern Pakistan, and she is seen as a symbol of bravery among Chitrali women. The tale of Nano Begal began with a rivalry between two great polo players in Chitral: "Jalal Begal", an ordinary man from the valleys, and the ruler of the country, the Mehtar of Chitral. Jalal Begal often defeated the Mehtar in polo matches. Angry about losing, the Mehtar said that if he lost again, he would punish his court members. To stop this, the court decided to kill Jalal Begal while he slept.

The next day, Jalal Begal's mother found her son dead in his room. Instead of going crazy with grief or asking for help to bury him, she dressed like her son in his polo clothes and got his horse ready for the match. With her face covered and keeping her identity hidden, she joined the team and defeated the King again.

The story of Nano Begal began during the 17th century, around the 1620s. There was a about a big competition between two famous polo players from Chitral: Jalal Begal, who was just an ordinary guy from the valleys, and the King of the country, the Mehtar of Chitral. The Mehtar, who was part of the Raess dynasty, kept losing to Jalal Begal in polo matches. He got really angry and said if he lost again, he'd punish his court members. So, the court decided to kill Jalal Begal while he slept.

The next day, Jalal Begal's mother found him dead, covered in blood in his room. But instead of going crazy or asking for help to bury him, she dressed up like him and got his horse, whose name was Bamburush (Khowar: "Thunder"), ready for the match. With her face covered, she joined the team on the polo ground.

When the Mehtar and his team saw Jalal Begal on the ground, they were shocked because they thought they'd gotten rid of him. The match started, and Jalal Begal's mother, pretending to be her son, played really well. The other team didn't know who she really was and thought it was the best performance they'd ever seen from Jalal Begal. So, Jalal Begal's team won again. After the match, she revealed who she was by showing her face. Leaving the ground on her horse, she recited a song, now called "Nano Begal-a" in Chitral.

After the celebration ended, Begal's mother removed her head covering and mask. She rode her horse to where the King was sitting among his players and supporters. While on horseback, she sang a song called "Nano Begaal" or "Mother's Begaal," expressing deep sadness and sorrow:

This song is widely sung in the valleys of Chitral and Nano Begal, the Mother of Begal is seen as a heroic woman and a role model for Chitrali women.

Canal Panda

Canal Panda (formely Panda Club) is a Portuguese television channel launched on 1996
Darangen

Darangen is a long epic poem of the Maranao Muslim people from the Mindanao region of the Philippines. It tells many stories in 17 parts, with 72,000 lines. One important story is about a famous hero, "Bantugan". The word Darangen means "that which is narrated by song or chant" in the Maranao language.

In 2002, Darangen was named a National Cultural Treasure by the National Museum of the Philippines. The Lanao del Sur provincial government also called it a Provincial Treasure. UNESCO declared Darangen a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity in 2008. It's the longest epic poem still alive in the Philippines.

Darangen is usually sung or chanted. Sometimes, singers perform parts of it during weddings and celebrations. They use instruments like "kulintang gongs", "Tambor drums", and "kudyapi" stringed instruments. Dancers also act out different parts of the story. Depending on the part being performed, it can last a few hours or even a week. The poem also teaches about Maranao customs, values, and practices of both the Islamic period and from before the Maranao converted to Islam in the 14th century.

The Darangen is a story passed down through generations, not written by a single person. It has 72,000 lines divided into 17 cycles, each telling a different story but connected together. The epic is written in an old version of the Maranao language.

Skilled singers called "onor" memorized the Darangen. It was often sung at night, during weddings, or to lullabies for children. A full performance of the epic takes about a week, but nowadays, shorter performances are more common, lasting a few hours. Singing is accompanied by traditional Maranao instruments like "kulintang gong" ensembles and "Tambor drums".

The Darangen mostly reflects the beliefs of the Maranao people before they became Muslim. Heroes in the story worship and interact with ancestor spirits and nature spirits. For example, "Batara-sa-Marudo", a nature spirit who can control floods and storms.

The main setting of the epic is the city of Bembaran, once a grand city near a river. It's said to have vanished into the sea. The story also talks about relationships between the Maranao people and other groups like the Manobo and the Sama-Bajau.

The Darangen was once only in form of chants and songs. An American missionary and teacher, Frank Charles Laubach, found its value in 1930. He was amazed when Maranao leaders sang it during a boat journey. Laubach decided to write down the epic. He met a nobleman named "Panggaga Mohammad" who helped him. Laubach published part of the Darangen in 1930, making it the first time Maranao songs were written in Latin letters.

Laubach's version was not complete. Later, scholars from Mindanao State University worked on it. They gathered different parts and versions from Maranao elders and handwritten books. It took them ten years. Finally, from 1986 to 1988, they published the whole epic in eight books, in both Maranao and English.

Dances related to the Darangen include:


Eric Balemans

Eric Balemans (17 November 1961 – 2 July 2021) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy. He was a member of the House of Representatives between 1998 and 2006.

Balemans died in Utrecht on 2 July 2021, aged 59.

Cecilia Buscarons

Cecilia Beatriz Busqueons Idoyaga ( 1949 Juan Lacaze, Uruguay- 2 ​​July 2020 Barcelona), was a Uruguayan historian and writer .

She was an expert in preventive conservation of heritage and a researcher in feminism. She emigrating from Uruguay. to Barcelona in 1976, with her husband and three children, 



Sister Mary Kenneth Keller

Sister Mary Kenneth Keller (Evelyn Marie Keller) was a computer scientist who created the computer language BASIC.She was also the first female to get a Ph.D. in computer science. Her work focused on making algorithms that performed analytic differential on algebraic equations.

Evelyn Marie Kenneth was born on December 13, 1913.She was born in Cleveland, Ohio. She lived most of her life in Chicago, Michigan, before she went into computer science.

She joined the Sisters of Charity of the Blessed Virgin Mary congregation and was assigned 29 years of teaching elementary school and high school. She went to the University of Wisconsin-Madison and became the first woman to have a Ph.D. in computer science halfway through this period. She resumed teaching and took side classes all the while, earning her a B.A. in Mathematical Sciences, a M.S. in mathematics, and a minor in Latin. 

One of her schools was Dartmouth University. She became the first female staff member in their previously male-only computer science center and led it for 20 years. She also taught at Clarke University and established a master’s degree program for computer science there. Another one of her achievements was creating the computer language BASIC. She also created the thesis “Inductive Inference on Computer-Generated Patterns”.

Zuzana Licko

Zuzana Licko (born 1961) is an American font designer and typographer. She created fonts like Citizen and Matrix.

Licko was born in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia. She graduated from the University of California at Berkeley in 1981 with a degree in Graphic Communications.

Licko started a magazine company called Emigre Graphics with her husband, Rudy VanderLans. Her fonts mainly look bold and geometric. One of her fonts, Matrix, was featured in many commercials. She also designed fonts for the first Apple Macintosh 128k computer. Five of her fonts from Emigre were used in MoMA New York in 2011.

Hansa Jivraj Mehta

Hansa Jivraj Mehta (1897-1995) was a South Asian social activist and feminist. She studied philosophy at Baroda College. She was one of the 15 women in the Constituent Assembly that drafted the Indian Constitution.  Mehta founded the Desh Sevika Dal in 1930. She was arrested for it in 1932. She was the president of India's Women's Conference from 1945-1946. Mehta was an Indian delegate at the United Nations Human Rights Commission from 1947-1948. She was also part of the Fundamental Rights Subcommittee. She was passionate about human rights and fought for continuing education for all genders. Mehta was the vice-chancellor of Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda.

Ángelica Ruiz Robles

Ángela Ruiz Robles (March 28, 1895-October 29, 1975) was a Spanish inventor. She was known for making the first electronic book. Ruiz Robles trained as a teacher at the School of Teachers in León and became manager of the Escuela de Niñas del Hospicio. Robles made inventions to make school work easier as a teacher. Robles founded the Elmaca Academy with her three daughters in the 1940s. The school provided classes about business management. She lived in a place that did not have much modern technology. This made her invention even more interesting. Her most famous invention was the first electronic book called the Enciclopedia Mecanica. The book could show various books in different languages. The e-book could light up at night, recharge, and be used as an audiobook. Robles received patents for her invention but could not secure funding to mass-produce it. She was able to finally create a prototype in 1962. Her work was recognized by the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Economy in Spain in 2013.

Kim Ransa

Kim Ransa (1872 - 1919) was a Korean activist and teacher. She was trusted by the Korean king, Gojong. She was also awarded with the Aejok Gang, the Order of Merit for the National Foundation.  Kim was the first Korean woman to study abroad and is known for empowering women through education.

Kim was born in 1872 in Pyongyang, Korea. After she was married she wanted to go to college at Ewha Hakdang, an all girls school founded by Methodist missionaries that is now known as Ewha Womans University. The school would not admit married women. However, Kim convinced the school to let her study, and became a student in 1896 at age 24. Later, she traveled to the US to study at the Ohio Wesleyan University. She is the first Korean woman to study abroad and get a bachelor’s degree.

Kim was a teacher at Ewha Hakdang. She taught students who became activists fighting for Korea's freedom from Japan. Kim led the school's literary magazine, “Imunhoe,” where she talked with students about making life better in Korea. The most famous independence activist she taught was Yu Gwan Sun. Because of her teaching, Kim was a crucial part of the March First Movement. The March First Movement was an important Korean independence movement from Japan. 

In 1995, Kim was recognized with the Aejok Gang, the Order of Merit for the National Foundation given by the Ministry of Patriots and Veterans Affairs. This award is for people who helped with independence for Korea. 

Marie Jean Philip

Marie Jean Phillip (1953-1997) was born in Worcester, Massachusetts. She was born to a deaf family. She was an ASL activist and Bilingual-Bicultural pioneer. Philip was rejected from the Clarke School for the Deaf because of her use of sign language. Eventually, she was accepted into the American School for the Deaf.

Marie Jean Philip went to Northeastern University and Gallaudet University to earn a BA degree in linguistics. She went on to be the first deaf researcher and interpreter at Northeastern University after her graduation. Marie started The Learning Center for the Deaf in Massachusetts. She eventually had several programs named after her. Philip unfortunately passed away due to pulmonary embolism.  

Phillip was one of the first people to establish ASL as a recognized language. (2) She still remains an icon to deaf culture for her work and advocacy for ASL to this day.

Nina Otero-Warren

Nina Otero-Warren (1881-1964) was a Hispanic-American suffragist and author who advocated for kids to be able to speak both Spanish and English in Santa Fe schools. 

Otero-Warren was born on October 23, 1881. She grew up speaking both Spanish and English. Otero-Warren went to St. Vincent's Academy in Albuquerque until she was eleven. After that, she attended Maryville College of the Sacred Heart in St. Louis Missouri for two years. Her family were wealthy Hispanics who descended from the original Spanish settlers of New Mexico. 

Otero-Warren was the first Hispanic woman to run for congress under the Republican Party of New Mexico. In 1923, she became the Inspector of Indian Schools. She worked to improve education for Native American students. In 1947, Otero-Warren and her partner, Maime Meadors, established a real estate and insurance company. It is unknown whether Meadors and Otero-Warren were in a relationship. She became the first woman to be the superintendent for Santa Fe public schools, a position she held until 1929. She was even featured on a United States quarter as a part of the American Women Quarters series in 2022.  The American Women Quarters series releases quarters featuring women who changed the nation and the world. 
Otero-Warren died on January 3rd, 1965. 

Isa Fabro

Isa Fabro is an award-winning Filipino-American chef and brand consultant who promotes the influence of Filipino food.

Fabro was born in Winnipeg, Canada. She got a degree in cinema and film at Loyola Marymount University. She worked in the film and music industry in her 20s until she developed a severe illness. She decided to go to culinary school while she was in the hospital.

Fabro has also worked in numerous fine dining restaurants and used to manage the pastry program for all of Centeno’s restaurants. Fabro has a well-rounded education in making a variety of different foods. She has served food at places such as Coachella and a Chinatown Micro Food Festival. She has been featured in many notable newspapers such as the LA Times, New York Times, and The Washington Post. Fabro is a featured chef in the film documentaries “ULAM” and “City of Ghosts”   

Willy Wonka (musical)

Roald Dahl’s Willy Wonka is a play from 2004. It is a musical based on the book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and the movie Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.

Peter Ash (composer)

Peter Ash is an American musician who wrote operas based on The Fantastic Mr. Fox and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.

Ijaw people

Ijaw people are an ethnic group in the southern region of Nigeria. They come from Rivers State, Delta State and Bayelsa State of Nigeria. Most of them live in the riverine communities and they are mainly into fishing. Nigeria's former president Goodluck Jonathan is an Ijaw man from Bayelsa State.

The Golden Ticket

The Golden Ticket is an opera that Peter Ash wrote in 2010. It is based on the book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl.

Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (musical)

Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a musical that was on the West End and later on Broadway. It is based on the book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl.

Tom and Jerry: Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory

Riho Kurogi

Riho Kurogi (born 19 June 1997 ) is a Japanese rugby union player .

She represented Japan at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , where her team placed 12th. 

She represented Japan at the 2017 Asia Rugby Women's Championship.

She played for Morning Bears.

Hausa people

Hausa people are an ethnic group in the northern region of Nigeria. They are one of the three major tribes in the country, the others being the Yorubas and the Igbos. The Hausa people speak the Hausa language.

Houghton-le-Spring

Houghton-le-Spring is a town in the City of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, North East England. In 2001, 36,746 people lived there. The Houghton Feast is an ancient festival which is held every year in October.

Itsekiri people

Itsekiri people are an ethnic group in the southern region of Nigeria. They all come from Delta State and their traditional home is the Kingdom of Warri. The Itsekiri people speak the Itsekiri language. The former CAN president Ayo Oritsejafor is an Itsekiri man from Delta State.

Saint-Amans-Soult

Saint-Amans-Soult is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Amans-Valtoret

Saint-Amans-Valtoret is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-André, Tarn

Saint-André is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Avit, Tarn

Saint-Avit is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Beauzile

Saint-Beauzile is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Benoît-de-Carmaux

Saint-Benoît-de-Carmaux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Christophe, Tarn

Saint-Christophe is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Cirgue

Saint-Cirgue is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sainte-Cécile-du-Cayrou

Sainte-Cécile-du-Cayrou is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sainte-Croix, Tarn

Sainte-Croix is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sainte-Gemme, Tarn

Sainte-Gemme is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Gauzens

Saint-Gauzens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Genest-de-Contest

Saint-Genest-de-Contest is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Germain-des-Prés, Tarn

Saint-Germain-des-Prés is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Germier, Tarn

Saint-Germier is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Grégoire, Tarn

Saint-Grégoire is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Jean-de-Marcel

Saint-Jean-de-Marcel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Jean-de-Rives

Saint-Jean-de-Rives is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Jean-de-Vals

Saint-Jean-de-Vals is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Juéry, Tarn

Saint-Juéry is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Uranium zirconium hydride

Uranium zirconium hydride (UZrH), is famously a fuel in TRIGA educational reactors. UZrH fuel is used in most educational and research reactors as a result of its material properties making it difficult for it to melt and nearly impossible for it to sustain a high temperature reaction.
Franco-Belge de Fabrication du Combustible, in Romans-sur-Isère, France, is the only manufacturer of this fuel.


TRIGA

Nicole Holliday

Nicole Holliday is an American socio-phonetician and Assistant Professor in the Department of Linguistics and Cognitive Science at Pomona College in Claremont, California. Holliday received her Ph.D. in linguistics from New York University, and her BA in linguistics and Spanish from The Ohio State University. She is also Chair of the Linguistic Society America’s Committee on Ethnic Diversity in Linguistics. 

Holliday’s studies focus on different ways of how people use linguistic variation to construct their social identities and the interaction between what people hear in someone’s voice and the judgments they make about their identity, especially with respect to race. Her Ph.D. dissertation focused on how people with one black parent and one white parent use variation in language to form their own identities. 

Ella Mae Lentz

Ella Mae Lentz (born in Berkeley in the mid-1950s to deaf parents is a deaf American poet, author, and advocate. She graduated from the California School for the Deaf in 1971. She went on to study at Gallaudet University, where she discovered her interest in ASL. She was also awarded the Kappa Gamma Poetry Award from Gallaudet University. She was interested in theater and drama. Later on, she decided not to go for drama and ended up getting into English. She worked at Northeastern University as a research assistant. She was on “Silent Perspectives” in 1974. In 2007, she formed ASL Presents. She has currently done hundreds of presentations about ASL in the US. 

Mary Kawena Pukui

Mary Abigail Kawenaulaokalaniohiiakaikapoliopelekawahineaihonua Pukui (nèe Wiggin) (born April 20, 1895, died May 21, 1986. ) was a native Hawaiian who worked her life to preserve her language and culture. She was born in Hale Ola (her grandmother's home, House of Life), in Hāniumalu Hill, Kaū (in the village of Nāālehu) on the island of Hawaii. Pukui was an author, historian, scholar, and teacher widely credited for enabling the Hawaiian Renaissance of the 1970s.

Pukui was the biracial daughter of Paahana Kanakaole and Henry Nathaniel Wiggins. She married Kaloli Pukui, adopted two girls, and had one other daughter herself. Her relationship with her daughters helped preserve and pass on hula and the Hawaiian language. Her grandmother raised her Hanai style until she was nine. She was taught traditional skills, religion, and language. Pukui grew up with hula because of her grandmother, who was a Hawaiian court dancer. Her grandmother inspired her to honor her heritage and culture.

Pukui was recognized as one of Hawaii's “Living Treasures” in 1976 and was twice honored with awards from the Hawaii Book Publishers Association. She is a Nobel Peace Prize nominee for literature and honorary doctorates. She wrote over 50 books and more than 150 songs, like “Place Names of Hawaii” and the definitive “Hawaiian-English Dictionary”. Pukui worked at the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum and worked on preserving and expanding the Hawaiian language and culture. Her recordings of the language and videos of hula help provide connections for the new generation.


Barbara Liskov

Barbara Liskov (born November 7, 1939) is an American computer scientist and professor.

Barbara Liskov was born in Los Angeles, California. She got her BA in mathematics at UC Berkeley. After she graduated in 1961, she went to work at the Mitre Corporation. After a year, Liskov moved to Harvard and worked on computer translation of human languages. In 1968, she moved back to California and received her PhD in computer science at Stanford University. 

Liskov then moved back to Bedford, Massachusetts to work at the Mitre Corporation. She worked on computer design and operating systems. During that time, she created the Venus Computer, which was specially created to support complex software. In 1971, she took a position at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where she started her work with data abstraction. She developed two programming languages, CLU and Argus. They are used in almost every modern programming language. She later published "Abstraction and Specification in Program Development" (1986) and "Program Development in Java: Abstraction, Specification, and Object-Oriented Design" (2001). In 2008, Liskov won the A.M. Turing Award.

Jean Berko Gleason

Jean Berko Gleason is an American pioneer in the field of children’s language. Gleason was born on December 19, 1931 in Cleveland, Ohio. Her brother had cerebral palsy. Her brother’s condition gave her an interest in language. 

Gleason started her career with studying many languages, but then gained an interest in psycholinguistics. She has a masters and bachelors degree in linguistics at Radcliffe. She has a ph.D in linguistics and social psychology at Harvard. Gleason created the Wug Test. The Wug was created to help understand how young children understand and learn languages. 


Casey Miller

Casey Miller was an American feminist and writer. She was born on February 26, 1919 in Toledo, Ohio.[1] Miller went to Smith college and studied philosophy.[1] After college, she was a lieutenant in the navy during WWII and worked as a cryptographer and code breaker.[3] She worked as the head of the publication department for Colonial Williamsburg.[1] She also worked as the curriculum editor for Seabury Press.[4] Later on, she began to work on trying to fix the language oppression and sexism.[1] She and her partner Kate Swift wrote numerous books like “"The Handbook of Nonsexist Language"”. [1] Her main focus was disrupting linguistic assumptions and stereotypes about women.[1] One of her visions about a language change is that when the gender of someone is unknown, you would use “tey”, “tem” and “ter”.[2] She struggled with chronic obstructive lung disease for eight years, and ultimately died on January 5, 1997.[3]

Sile O'Modhrain

Sile O’Modhrain is a blind Irish professor and braille innovator. She is on a mission to make musical and digital interfaces more tactile. 

O’Modhrain studied for a master’s degree in music technology from the University of New York. She later worked for BBC Network Radio as a studio engineer. O’Modhrain lost her job when BBC changed from tactile to digital editing. She then went on a scholarship at Stanford University’s Center for Computer Research in Music and Acoustics. She got her PhD. Then Dr O’Modhrain moved on to teach at the Sonic Arts Research Centre at Queen's University Belfast.   Dr. O’Modhrain then directed the Palpable Machines group at Media Lab Europe. 

Dr. O’Modhrain now teaches Performing Arts Technology at the School of Music, Theatre, and Dance at the University of Michigan. Dr. O’Modhrain is unable to access certain things seeing people can. She decided to find a way to help blind people “feel” certain untranslatable things. She has now gone on to design tablets that pop out braille (like little air bubbles). Dr. O’Modhrain also is inventing a moose (an extension to a computer’s mouse). The moose allows people to control their computer through touch. She is working on an iMessaging system allowing you to send touch. Dr. O’Modhrain is also working on developing other tactile interfaces that show physical gestures and feelings.

Kwon Ki-Ok

Kwon Ki-Ok was a Korean activist, aviator, and winner of the Merit for National Foundation. Ki-Ok was born in Pyongyang, South Pyongan on Jan,11th 1901.

Ki-Ok joined a secret society that wanted Korean independence called "송죽회”. Kwon played a big role in the March. 1 Movement by secretly copying the Korean anthem. Ki-Ok was caught giving Kim Jae-Duk a pistol and was sentenced to jail for 6 months. She went to Shanghai, China after her release for Hongdo Girl's Middle School and later went to Unnam Military School. 

She learned to fly a plane in under 9 hours at Unnam Military Aviation School. Japanese authorities tried to have her assassinated by paying a Korean male peer but failed. Ki-Ok continued to be a pilot for 10 more years at the Chinese Air Force. Ki-Ok returned to Korea in 1949 and became the first female publisher in 1966. Kwon received a  presidential citation in 1968, and Order of Merit for the National Foundation, National Medal in 1977. She died on April 19, 1988.


Polypedates megacephalus

The Hong Kong whipping frog, hourglass whipping frog, hour-glass marked tree frog, spot-legged tree frog, Haut Sanuk frog, yellow tree frog, northern tree frog, or big-headed tree frog ("Polypedates megacephalus") is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar, Laos, China, and Hong Kong. People have seen them between 80 and 2000 meters above sea level.

This frog can live in many different types of places, for example farms and rice paddies. The female frog lays eggs in ponds or rice paddies. She lays them on grass or in a nest made out of mud.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it can live in places that humans have changed.

Philosophy of history

Philosophy of history is a branch of philosophy that looks at history, from a philosophical perspective. Voltaire, a French philosopher introduced the term. History is not random. People influence it with their decisions. It follows a plan. There are five large epochs:

Idaho Steelheads

The Idaho Steelheads are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1997 in the West Coast Hockey League (WCHL). The team now plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Boise, Idaho at Idaho Central Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Texas Stars of the American Hockey League (AHL).

In 2003, the WCHL would end up going out of business. The league and the surviving teams in the league, including the Steelheads, would join the ECHL. 

On October 17, 2003, the Idaho Steelheads would play their first game in the ECHL. They would be defeated by the Las Vegas Wranglers 5–3.

The team would be successful in their first season in the league. They finished with 40 wins, 23 losses, and 89 points and would make it all the way to the Kelly Cup finals. They would win their first Kelly Cup after defeating the Florida Everblades four games to one. In the 2006–07 season, the Steelheads would once again make it to the Kelly Cup Finals. They would win their second Cup when they would defeat the Dayton Bombers four games to one.

The Steelheads and the Dallas Stars are affiliates. The Steelheads were formerly the affiliates of the Phoenix Coyotes.

Marine Corps Prepositioning Program-Norway

The MCPPN are stockpiles of United States Marine Corps weapons, vehicles, ammunition, equipment, and other supplies in Norway that have been located there since 1981. This materiel is stored in caves surrounding the city of Trondheim.

War reserve stock

A war reserve stock is a collection of materiel held in pre-positioned storage to be used in warfighting situations.

The United States maintains many war reserve stocks around the world, mainly in its ally countries.

Mike Mentzer

Mike Mentzer (November 15, 1951June 10, 2001) was an American IFBB professional bodybuilder, businessman and author.

Mentzer was born in Pennsylvania. He started bodybuilding when he was 11 years old. He won several amateur bodybuilding competitions before turning professional in 1979, including the 1976 Mr. America title and the heavyweight division of the 1978 IFBB Mr. Universe. In late 1979, he won the heavyweight class of the Mr. Olympia, but lost in the overall to Frank Zane. In the 1980 Mr. Olympia he placed fourth in a tie with Boyer Coe behind Arnold Schwarzenegger, Chris Dickerson and Frank Zane.

Sacca (Venice)

A Sacca (Italian for Sack or Bag) is an inlet, bay, or cove along a canal. It is usually in the context of the Venetian Lagoon; the word Sacca is used when talking about bays, inlets, and coves in canals in the Venetian Lagoon.

An example is the "Sacca della Misericordia", in the district of Cannaregio in Venice. It is now used as a dock for boat storage.

These coves have been often used as deposits of gunk coming from canal excavation and crushed-up building material. This has formed artificial islands. Examples of this are Sacca Sessola, Sacca Fisola, and Sacca San Biagio.

UPC Switzerland

UPC Switzerland is a Swiss television provider.

UPC Switzerland broadcast over
language provider satellite for channels of French, German and Romansh.

UPC Switzerland was founded in 1994, which beguns cable channel, IPTV and such as others

On May, 23 2022, UPC Switzerland is begin closed and defunct.

A Different Beat (song)

"A Different Beat" is a 1996 song by Irish boy band Boyzone and is the title track to their second studio album "A Different Beat". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 2 in Ireland, number 42 in Australia and number 36 in Iceland.




Tulsa Oilers

The Tulsa Oilers are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1992 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The team now plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Tulsa, Oklahoma at BOK Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the San Diego Gulls of the American Hockey League (AHL).

During their time in the CHL, the Tulsa Oilers would win one Ray Miron Cups. They would win the Cup in 1993, becoming the very first winners of the Cup. They defeated the Oklahoma City Blazers four games to one.

In 2014, the CHL would end up going out of business. In October 2014, the Oilers, Allan Americans, Brampton Beast, Missouri Mavericks, Quad City Mallards, Rapid City Rush, and Wichita Thunder would all be accepted as new teams in the ECHL. 

On October 24, 2014, the Tulsa Oilers would play their first game in the ECHL. They would be defeat the Allen Americans 9–6.

On July 1, 2020, the Oilers and the Anaheim Ducks announced their affiliation. The Oilers were formerly affiliates of the Winnipeg Jets and St. Louis Blues.

Canal+ Cinéma(s)

Canal+ Cinema(s) is a French television channel launched on 2005
Canal+ Cinéma(s) was launched on 1996, it broadcast films

In 2004, Canal+ Cinéma(s) is available on TNT

On October, 12 2010, Canal+ Cinéma(s) available a high-definition channel.

Empty

Utah Grizzlies

The Utah Grizzlies are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1992 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The team now plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in West Valley City, Utah at Maverik Center. They are the ECHL affiliate for the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the Colorado Eagles of the American Hockey League (AHL).

The team first started in 1981 as the Nashville South Stars in the Central Hockey League (CHL). They would last a year before moving to Vinton, Virginia to become the Virginia Lancers as a part of what would become the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL). Throughout the years, the name would go through many different names including the Roanoke Valley Rebels from 1990 until 1992, Roanoke Valley Rampage from 1992 until 1993, Huntsville Blast from 1993 until 1994, Tallahassee Tiger Sharks from 1994 until 2001, Macon Whoopee from 2001 until 2002, and the Lexington Men O' War 2002 until 2003.

The Utah Grizzlies name was also used for a team in the International Hockey League (IHL) and American Hockey League (AHL) from 1995 until 2005. 

On October 21, 2005, the Utah Grizzlies would play their first game in the ECHL. They would be defeat the Phoenix Roadrunners 4–2.

On June 28, 2018, the Grizzlies and the Colorado Avalanche announced their affiliation. The Oilers were formerly affiliates of the New York Islanders, Calgary Flames, and Anaheim Ducks.

Sky Fox

The Sky Fox (Chinese: 天狐")" or the Celestial Fox, is a divine creature found in East Asian stories. When a fox spirit reaches 1,000 years old and grows its ninth tail, it becomes a golden-colored sky fox, the most powerful form of the fox spirit, and goes up to the heavens. In its celestial form, it can see thousands of kilometers ahead.

Legend says there are three ways for a fox to gain wisdom. First, it might accidentally swallow valuable treasures. Second, it could find a peaceful place to grow spiritually. Third, it could learn from a Taoist monk or master to develop special abilities.

The stories of foxes with many tails come from ancient China. A book called "Xuanzhongji" from the Jin dynasty tells that when a fox turns fifty, it can change into a woman. At one hundred years old, it can become very wise and know things happening far away. People might get confused by its kindness and charm. When it reaches one thousand years old, it becomes a Sky Fox.

There are three ways for a fox to become wise. First, it might accidentally swallow valuable treasures. Second, it could find a peaceful place to grow spiritually. Third, it could learn from a Taoist monk or master.

Every one hundred years, a big event happens. If a fox can handle it well, it grows a new tail. Only a few foxes reach the stage of having nine tails. When a fox is one thousand years old, it becomes a Thousand-Year Heavenly Fox and gets recognized by the Heavenly Court.

The Youyang Zazu talked about the Sky foxes being connected to the divine; he says that these foxes have nine tails and are golden in color. They work in the Palace of the Sun and Moon. They have their own special talisman and a ritual. They can go beyond yin and yang.

In Japan during the Edo period, Tenko foxes were thought to be the highest rank. They were ranked as tenko, kūko, kiko, and yako. There was also a belief that tenko and tengu, a kind of mythical creature, were the same.

In some places like Fushimi Inari-taisha and Ojika, Nagasaki, foxes are worshipped as divine messengers. They are believed to have special powers, like divination.


List of fish of Montana

This is a list of fish in Montana. Species are listed by common name and scientific name.



























Wichita Thunder

The Wichita Thunder are an American professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 1992 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The team plays in the ECHL. They play their home games in Wichita, Kansas at Intrust Bank Arena. They are the ECHL affiliate for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL). They are also the affiliates for the San Jose Barracuda of the American Hockey League (AHL).

During their time in the CHL, the Wichita Thunder would win two Ray Miron President's Cups. Their wins would be in back-to-back seasons in 1994 and 1995. In 1994, they would defeat the Tulsa Oilers four games to zero. In 1995, they would defeat the San Antonio Iguanas four games to two.

In 2014, the CHL would end up going out of business. In October 2014, the Thunder, Allen Americans, Brampton Beast, Missouri Mavericks, Quad City Mallards, Rapid City Rush, and Tulsa Oilers would all be accepted as new teams in the ECHL. 

On October 25, 2014, the Wichita Thunder would play their first game in the ECHL. They would be defeated by the Allen Americans 5–3.

Piring dance

The Piring dance (Jawi: تاري ڤيريڠ), also called the Plate dance, is a traditional dance from West Sumatra, Indonesia, also done in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia. In this dance, performers, whether they're women, men, or couples, hold plates in both hands and move them quickly in different patterns.

The dance shows how well the dancers can balance and move the ceramic plates without dropping or breaking them. Sometimes, candles are put on the plates, this is known as the "Tari lilin" or Candle dance version. Dancers hold the plates firmly at the bottom and swing them fast to keep them from falling.

While dancing, the performers tap their plates with a ring on their fingers, making rhythmic sounds. It's often performed as a way to welcome guests and honor elders at traditional events. Along with other traditional dances like "randai" and "saman", the Piring dance is also popular at festivals outside Indonesia, helping to share Indonesian culture and attract tourists.

Traditionally, this dance comes from Solok, West Sumatra in Indonesia. According to the old stories, the Piring dance was part of ceremonies celebrating fertility. It's also a traditional art with lots of beauty and deep cultural meaning. People used to perform this dance to thank the gods after a good harvest. During this ritual, they carry offerings like food on plates and move around with lively steps.

After Islam came to the Minangkabau region, the Piring dance stopped being used for thanking gods. Instead, it became a form of entertainment at public events.

In the Piring dance, dancers usually hold two plates in their hands. They move the plates quickly, making a sound with rings on their fingers touching the plates. At the end of the dance, they often break the plates on the floor and dance on them. Usually, there are an odd number of dancers, ranging from three to seven.

Dancers wear bright clothes, mostly in red and yellow, and headgear. The dance is accompanied by music from talempong and saluang instruments. The music starts slowly and then speeds up gradually.

There are different musical instruments used in Minangkabau culture and during the Piring dance:


These musical elements create an interesting and enjoyable atmosphere for listeners.

Dabke

Dabke (Arabic: دبكة) is a traditional folk dance from the Levantine region in the Middle East. It started in the region that includes Palestine, Lebanon, Jordan, and Syria. The word "Dabke" comes from the Levantine Arabic word "dabka", which means "punching of the feet" or "to make a noise". It involves repeated pattern of movement or sound. It is performed in a group by men or women, mostly at weddings, celebrations, and cultural events. Dabke is a important part of the cultural heritage of these countries, reflecting their history, traditions, and community. It brings people together and celebrates their shared identity and joy.

Dabke dance has a rich history that dates back centuries in the Levantine region of the Middle East, especially in countries such as Palestine, Lebanon, Jordan, and Syria. It started as a traditional folk dance among communities living in these mountainous areas. Palestinians who study and document traditional ways of celebrations like Abdul-Latif Barghouthi and Awwad Sa'ud al-'Awwad believe that the jumps in dabke dance might have started long ago in ancient Canaanite rituals. These rituals were about helping the crops to grow, scaring away the bad spirits, and keeping the plants safe.

The dance is characterized by rhythmic stomping of the feet, organised movements, and energetic footwork. It features both the circle dance and line dancing. Dabke is usually performed along with traditional music, including drums, flutes, and other instruments. The movements of the line are led by a "laweeh", a dancer who leads and starts the changes in line formation, and who is followed by a chorus.

Dabke can be performed indoors or outdoors, on a stage or just on the ground. The dance has different steps called belbel, inzel, shemmel, etc. People do a mix of these steps, along with some jumps and turns, to complete the dance.

Different types of dabke can be found across different regions and communities. In Lebanon, "Dalouna" is the most common type of dabke. It has six beats and is usually accompanied by a minjeira (flute) or mizmar (copper flute) and darbuka (goblet drum). Jordanian dabke often features slower, more calculated movements, reflecting the country's Bedouin heritage.

Despite these variations, dabke remains a cultural symbol and popular practice that unites people who have grown up in the Levant.

On 7 August 2011, a group in the Lebanese village of Dhour El Choueir set a new world record. Organized by the Dhour El Choueir Summer Festival, a human chain of 5,050 was made and currently holds the world record in the Guinness Book of World Records.


Naija

Naija is a large group of closely related Nigerian ethnic groups native to the Federal Republic of Nigeria. As such, "Naija" are a mixed ethnolinguistic group with a shared ethnogenesis that speak a multitude of languages.

"Naija" is usually used to address, describe or refer to only the native population of Nigeria. It is different from the demonym "Nigerian", which refers to any citizen of Nigeria, regardless of their origin or ethnicity.

"Naija" is a word of recent origin, and simply means "of the river Niger area".

OCS (TV channel)

OCS is a French pay television channel launched in 2009 and operated by Orange S.A.. OCS Go, which became known as OCS in 2019, had its programming through exclusive contracts with Warner Bros., HBO, MGM, and Fidelity. It also had programming provided by other contracts there were available to other channels from Gaumont, SND, BAC, and Wild Side. On January 8, 2023, Canal+ Group stated they had acquired both OCS and its production company, Orange Studio, that was previously owner by Canal+.

This list includes programs from "OCS Happy" who have been moved to "OCS Max".


Gabriela Rodríguez de Bukele

Gabriela Roberta Rodríguez de Bukele (born 31 March 1985) is a Salvadoran educator and prenatal psychologist serving as the first lady of El Salvador since 2019 as the wife of President Nayib Bukele. She is also a professional ballet dancer and is part of the dance company Fundación Ballet de El Salvador.

Gabriela Roberta Rodríguez Perezalonso was born on 31 March 1985 in San Salvador. She is the youngest of four daughters and her husband has claimed she has Sephardic Jewish ancestry. 

Her father is José Roberto Rodríguez Trabanino, a Salvadoran investor, while her mother, Arena Perezalonso de Rodríguez, is a Nicaraguan who served as a member of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry in El Salvador. 

She showed an interest in ballet at an early age and joined the dance company Fundación Ballet de El Salvador.

Rodríguez has a doctorate in prenatal psychology. She founded PrePare in October 2010, the country's first center of prenatal teaching, of which she is the director. Rodríguez is also the regional representative to the Association For Prenatal And Perinatal Psychology And Health.

Rodríguez is a professional ballet dancer and part of the dance company Fundación Ballet of El Salvador. She began dating Bukele in 2004 and they married on 6 December 2014 in a private ceremony in El Boquerón, San Salvador. She announced her pregnancy days before Bukele won the presidential elections. Their first child, Layla, was born on 15 August 2019. Their second child, Aminah, was born on 8 November 2023.

University of Edinburgh School of History, Classics and Archaeology

The University of Edinburgh School of History, Classics and Archaeology is a school of the University of Edinburgh and the university's College of Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences (CAHSS). It has three divisions: history, classics, and archaeology. There are approximately 600 graduate students and 1500 undergraduate students. 



Olly Alexander

Oliver Alexander Thornton (born 15 July 1990), better known as Olly Alexander, is an English singer and actor from Harrogate. He was the lead singer of the band Years & Years from 2010 to 2021. He continued releasing music under the name 'Years & Years' until 2023.

Alexander has also made several television appearances including performing the lead role in the Channel 4 series "It's a Sin" and is going to represent the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 2024 with the song "Dizzy". 

Enterprise, Nevada

Enterprise is an unincorporated town in the Las Vegas Valley in Clark County, Nevada, United States. 221,831 people lived here at the 2020 census. This is up from 14,676 people at the 2010 census. It was founded on December 17, 1996.

Spring Valley, Nevada

Spring Valley is an unincorporated town and census-designated place (CDP) in Clark County, Nevada, United States. 215,597 people lived here at the 2020 census. This is up from 178,395 people at the 2010 census. Spring Valley was founded in May 1981.

Saint-Julien-du-Puy

Saint-Julien-du-Puy is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Julien-Gaulène

Saint-Julien-Gaulène is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Lieux-lès-Lavaur

Saint-Lieux-lès-Lavaur is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Marcel-Campes

Saint-Marcel-Campes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Martin-Laguépie

Saint-Martin-Laguépie is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Michel-de-Vax

Saint-Michel-de-Vax is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Michel-Labadié

Saint-Michel-Labadié is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Salvador, Lanao del Norte

Salvador is a municipality in the province of Lanao del Norte, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 32,115 people lived there.

Beerichthys

Beerichthys ingens is an extinct, prehistoric louvar from the Ypresian London Clay fauna of Eocene England. It is known from incomplete skulls.


Saman dance

The Saman dance, also known as the Dance of a thousand hands, is a traditional dance of the Gayo people from Aceh province in Indonesia. People often perform it during special festivals or events like Mawlid, the Prophet Muhammad's birthday. The dance is a way to share Islamic teachings and do "Dawah" (Islamic preaching).

The dance is known for its fast rhythm and how well the dancers move together. In Saman, dancers clap their hands and chests. These movements are important in Saman and make it famous and easy for people to learn. Saman is the most popular dance form in Indonesia.

In 2011, UNESCO recognized Saman as an important part of Aceh's culture and declared it an Intangible cultural heritage. The dance also won an award from the ASEAN Tourism Association for its role in preserving cultural heritage.

The word "Saman" comes from Sheikh Saman, a famous Islamic teacher from Gayo in Aceh. He learned about old Malay practices like "Ratib"; a form of Sufi chanting, and made a dance, now called the Saman dance, to share Islam's teachings in Gayo, Aceh, Indonesia. The Saman Dance uses Islamic poems in the Gayo language.

The Saman dance is done by a group of people without using musical instruments. It used to be only men who did this dance, but now women do it too. They sing songs and move in interesting ways while they dance. A short song, followed by a short dance, can last for about 15 to 20 minutes.

During a typical Saman dance, the dancers line up on stage and sit in a special way. Then, a singer starts singing, often talking about Gayo and Islamic culture. The dancers move their hands in time with the music. The moves in a Saman dance are led by a leader called "Sheikh". As the dance goes on, they start moving their arms, heads, and bodies too. The speed gets faster, and sometimes they change how they're sitting. The important thing is that every dancer moves together, making a smooth, continuous flow of movement. What's interesting is that the original Saman dance from "Gayo Lues" doesn't use any musical instruments.

While they dance, everyone says Islamic poetry together. The dancers are usually young men wearing traditional Gayonese clothes. Sometimes, the dance is like a contest between two groups, with each group trying to do the same moves, dances, and songs as the other group.

Everus

Everus is a Chinese manufacturer of passenger cars, and then electric crossovers based in Guangzhou, operating since 2008. The brand belongs to a Sino-Japanese joint venture between GAC Group and Honda.

In 2008, joint venture Guangqi Honda between the Chinese car company GAC Group and the Japanese Honda decided to create a new brand, Everus, with the Chinese. The study announcement of the branch's first vehicle was the Li Nian Concept prototype in the form of a crossover presented in 2008 at the Guangzhou Auto Show, and two years later a second concept car was presented in the form of a 4-door sedan.

In April 2011, Everus presented the first production car in the form of urban sedan S1 developed as a twin to the Honda City. The model was sold exclusively on the Chinese market until 2014, after which the company temporarily disappeared from the market due to the lack of new products.

The announcement of Everus' return to the market, this time under a completely new form of the electric cars brand, was the Everus EV Concept study presented in April 2018 at the Beijing Auto Show. In November of the same year, a serial version of the model was presented, which was a twin design of Honda HR-V called Everus VE-1.

The S1 was the first concept car available for sale. It is a of the 4th generation Honda City sedan, which was launched in April 2011.

This is an ultra-compact electric CUV based on Honda Vezel, which was previously previewed as the Everus EV concept car.The car was jointly developed by Honda and GAC Honda. It is equipped with a 53.6 kilowatt-hour lithium-ion battery (NCM622) in the European new driving cycle, with a cruising range of . It is driven by an electric motor with a power of , the torque is .

The EV SUV concept car made its debut at the 2018 Beijing Auto Show.

Sehol

Sol - a Chinese manufacturer of electric crossovers based in Hefei operating since 2018. The brand belongs to a Sino-Spanish joint-venture between the JAC Motors concern and the SEAT company.

In April 2018, during the Beijing Auto Show, the premiere of the new electric cars Sol brand took place, which was established on the initiative of joint-venture between the Chinese concern JAC Motors and belonging to Volkswagen and the Spanish brand SEAT. The name 'Sol' comes from the Spanish word meaning 'sun', which refers to the origins of the brand's co-founder and renewable energy sources. 

Originally, SEAT planned to start selling on the Chinese market under its own name, but this was opposed by the Chinese government, which co-owns the associated with JAC Motors. It was decided to implement SEAT technology under a new brand, which resulted in the creation of Sol.

The first model presented during the brand's premiere and so far the only one in the Sol portfolio is the electric city crossover E20X combining the stylistic features of SEAT vehicles with its twin model from the co-owner of the branch, JAC Refine S2.

From 2020, JAC began to rename Jiayue series products to Sol. The result was Sol A5, Sol X4, Sol X7, and Sol X8. The rebranding is actually a move to bring all sedans and crossovers under the Sol brand and keep the Refine brand with the MPV. 

As of 2021, Sol was renamed into Sehol.

In 2023, several Sehol models such as the QX, A5 and X8 were rebranded to the JAC brand. JAC revealed that it has decided to phase out the Sehol brand in the future.




Adel Karam

Adel Karam (; born 20 August 1961) is a Lebanese actor, comedian and TV presenter.

Karam started his acting career with the comedy show "S.L.CHI" at MTV Lebanon in 1980s, which later became a film, "S.L.Film", in 1989. He later starred in comedy shows such as: "La Youmal" at Future TV and "Mafi Metlo" at MTV Lebanon.

He also acted in films and TV series such as: "Caramel", "Where Do We Go Now?", "The Insult", "Dollar", and "Perfect Strangers". In addition, he hosted talk shows: "Hayda Haki" (2003–2007) and its spiritual successor "Beit El Kell".

68th Academy Awards

The 68th Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honored the best films of 1995 in the United States and took place on March 25, 1996, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards (commonly referred to as "Oscars") in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by David Salzman and Quincy Jones and directed by Jeff Margolis. Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the second time, having previously presided over the 66th ceremony in 1994. Three weeks earlier, in a ceremony held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, on March 2, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Richard Dreyfuss.

"Braveheart" won five awards, including Best Picture. Other winners included "Apollo 13", "Pocahontas", "Restoration", and "The Usual Suspects" with two awards and "Anne Frank Remembered", "Antonia's Line", "Babe", "A Close Shave", "Dead Man Walking", "Leaving Las Vegas", "Lieberman in Love", "Mighty Aphrodite", "One Survivor Remembers", "", and "Sense and Sensibility" with one. The telecast garnered almost 45 million viewers in the United States.

Mihail Kogălniceanu International Airport

Mihail Kogălniceanu International Airport is an airport in southeastern Romania. It is in the commune of Mihail Kogălniceanu. The airport includes the 57th Air Base of the Romanian Air Force.

Bestune

Bestune is a Chinese manufacturer of passenger cars and SUVs based in Changchun, operating since 2018. It belongs to the Chinese concern FAW Group.

In 2006, the Chinese automotive concern FAW Group created a new model line FAW Besturn, targeting upper-middle-class customers. The first model to join the sub-brand was the mid-size limousine Besturn B70, which gained great popularity among customers in the Chinese market. 

The market success of the first model from the Besturn model line encouraged FAW to expand its offer with further models, including both sedans positioned below B70, as well as above his, as well as the first SUV in the form of the X80 model presented in 2013. The next and last premiere in the FAW Besturn model line was the small crossover X40, which hit the market in 2017. Despite the expansion of the range, the popularity of the Besturn series models did not meet the expected goals of the FAW Group concern and began to decline. 

At the end of 2018, a decision was made to liquidate the Besturn model line under the FAW brand, creating a completely new brand Bestune. The manufacturer gave it its own logo, as well as a new stylistic language and a different naming order. The first model of the Bestune brand was presented in the fall of 2018 SUV T77 developed in partnership with the electronics giant Xiaomi, and in the following years, the offer was expanded to include further SUVs under the name T33, T55 and T99. 

In 2020, the range was completed by the B70 limousine being a continuation of the model from the former FAW Besturn B70 line, as well as the first electric car in the form of crossover E01. In 2021, the manufacturer expanded its presence in the range of electric cars with another vehicle - minivana E05, later renamed Bestune NAT. 2022 brought the presentation of a fastback based on the B70 as a response to models such as Citroën C5X or Ford Evos in the form of Bestune B70S.

At the end of 2022, Bestune rebranded, presenting a new company logo and a refreshed stylistic language of its models. The first vehicles covered by the new tactics were the modernized T77 and T99 SUVs. The third model from the revised range is a new design and the first premiere of 2023, a large minivan M9 developed together with the sister brand Hongqi. After the pre-production presentation of a family of personalized prototypes in April 2023, the market debut of the production Bestune Pony took place in August of the same year. The electric microcar was created as a response to, among others, Wuling Hongguang Mini EV.

Below are tables showing sales of Bestune models from the last couple of years. 


Niharika Chouksey

Niharika Chouksey is an Indian actress. She made her television debut in 2021 by playing role of Nishtha Birla in "Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai". In 2022, She also played the lead role of Faltu Singh Mittal in "Faltu". Currently she is playing lead role of Sunaina in new television series "Aaina - Roop Nahin, Haqeeqat Bhi Dikhaye".

Niharika was born and raised in Burhanpur, Madhya Pradesh, India. She is pursuing arts and Information technology in Thakur Ramnarayan College of Arts.


On Top of the World

"On Top of the World" is a 2013 song by American pop rock band Imagine Dragons. It is from their major-label debut EP "Continued Silence" (2012) and later on their debut studio album "Night Visions" (2012). It went to number 3 in Belgium (Wallonia), number 4 in South Africa, number 6 in Austria, number 10 in Australia, Italy and New Zealand, number 11 in Belgium (Flanders), number 13 in Germany, number 14 in the Netherlands and Switzerland and number 21 in the Czech Republic and Spain. It charted poorly in the United States where it made #79. The song was used on the soundtrack of the video game "FIFA 13".

Gandrung

Gandrung (Javanese: ꦒꦤ꧀ꦝꦿꦸꦁ) is a traditional dance from Indonesia. It is popular in Bali, Lombok, and Eastern Java among the Sasak, and Javanese people. The most famous is from Banyuwangi in Eastern Java, where the city is sometimes called ""the city of gandrung"". Originally, it was a dance for the rice goddess, but now it is more of a cultural dance than religious since the Javanese and Sasak people became Muslims in the 16th century.

Nowadays, Gandrung is danced at social events or for tourists. During the dance, traditional music is played, similar to the gamelan (Orchestra), with instruments like violins, gendangs, bonang, gongs, and xylophones. A singer usually sings with the music.

"Gandrung" comes from the Javanese word for "love". It is believed the dance began as a way to show love for the rice goddess "Dewi Sri" and as a fertility dance. But now, especially among Muslim Javanese and Sasak, it is more of a social and cultural dance. The dance is now about a girl searching for love, and is no longer for the rice goddess.

Gandrung is often danced all night from around 9 p.m. until just before sunrise. Sometimes, it's performed for tourists in Bali or Grajagan Bay in Banyuwangi. People also dance it at special events like weddings or circumcisions.

The main dancer, called the gandrung, is usually a young unmarried girl or sometimes a boy dressed as a girl. They wear traditional clothes with a fan, shawl, and fancy headgear. Sometimes, there's more than one gandrung dancer.

At the start, the dancers are on the side of the stage with the music group. When the music begins, they dance to the center. If a dancer sees someone in the audience they want to dance with, they throw their shawl to them, inviting them onstage. Then, they dance together. After dancing, the audience member often gives a small amount of money.

Gandrung is also a way for boys and girls in central and eastern Lombok to show affection. They dance it outside in a circle. Similar dances are seen in other parts of Indonesia like ronggeng, tayuban, jaipongan, and joged.

Gandrung is danced to music played by a traditional group. This group usually has violins, drums, gongs, and xylophones. A singer sings during the dance. Also, every performance needs a "panjak", also known as a pengudang or encourager. Their job is to cheer on the dancers and add some fun to the show. Sometimes, the kluncing player takes on this role.

Different places have their own bands for the dance, like in Banyuwangi, Bali, and Lombok. The music might vary a bit depending on where it's played. People say the music is lively and natural. Many anthropologists have recorded the Gandrung music.

Preston, Missouri

Preston is a village in Hickory County, Missouri, United States.

Saint-Paul-Cap-de-Joux

Saint-Paul-Cap-de-Joux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Big Lake, Missouri

Big Lake is a village in Holt County, Missouri, United States.

Bigelow, Missouri

Bigelow is a village in Holt County, Missouri, United States.

Corning, Missouri

Corning is a village in Holt County, Missouri, United States.

Fortescue, Missouri

Fortescue is a village in Holt County, Missouri, United States.

Brandsville, Missouri

Brandsville is a city in Howell County, Missouri, United States.

Mountain View, Missouri

Mountain View is a city in Howell County, Missouri, United States.

Willow Springs, Missouri

Willow Springs is a city in Howell County, Missouri, United States.

You Can Win If You Want

"You Can Win If You Want" is a 1985 song by German pop duo Modern Talking and is the second and final single from their debut studio album "The 1st Album". It topped the single charts in Austria and Germany and made the top 10 in Belgium, Denmark, France, the Netherlands, Portugal, South Africa, Spain and Switzerland. It did poorly in the United Kingdom where it made #70.



The Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny

The ultimate showdown of ultimate destiny, or just the ultimate showdown, is a flash animation and song by Lemon Demon, and altffour in December 22nd, 2005.

The fight is started by Godzilla 'hopping' around Tokyo, Japan, and Batman 'burst from the shade' and proceeded to hit Godzilla with a bat grenade, then Shaq blocks him and 'opens up a can of Shaq-Fu'. Then a lot of people (eg. Jackie Chan, Abraham Lincoln, etc.) start fighting.

Chuck Norris eventually flies down from Heaven, and delivering a kick, that could 'shatter bones', into the crotch of Indiana Jones, and kills Batman, who is now Bruce Wayne. Soon on, 19 characters kill Chuck.

Around 50 people or things are depicted.

The fight is said to have gone on for a century, and the 'bloodiest battle' the world ever saw, and the winner is Mister Rogers, in a blood stained sweater, who soon stabs himself in the stomach.

Polypedates braueri

The white-lipped tree frog, Java tree frog, upland tree frog, or Taiwan whipping frog ("Polypedates braueri") is a frog. It lives in China, Vietnam, Taiwan, Thailand, and India. Human beings brought them to Guam by accident. People have seen them between 0 and 2200 meters above sea level.

This frog can live in forests, in fruit tree farms, and in bamboo. The female frog makes a nest out of foam on a plant over a pool and lays 400-500 eggs at a time. These frogs can lay eggs over many types of water, but they like shallow water with many plants the most.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it can live in places that humans have changed. The frogs that live in Taiwan may be threatened by "Polypedates megacephalus", which humans brought to Taiwan.

Henri Bernadotte

Henri Bernadotte (Pau, October 14, 1711 - March 31, 1780) was a French lawyer. He is known for being the father of Charles XIV John of Sweden and predecessor of the current Swedish royal family.

Mandola

The mandola is similar to a mandolin. The mandolin is tuned to the same notes as a violin (G3-D4-A4-E5). The mandola is tuned to the same notes as a viola, replacing the high E with a low C (C3-G3-D4-A4).

List of governors of Greenland

This is a list of governors of Greenland. The position was established, after the positions of inspectors of Greenland was abolished.
Claus Paarss 1728-1730

Poul Hansen Egede (1730–1789)
Philip R. Rosendahl 1925–1939

Eske Brun 1939-1945

Carl Frederik Bistrup Simony 1945-1950

Poul Hugo Lundsteen 1950-1960

Niels Otto Christensen 1960-1973

Hans Lassen 1973-1979
Jonathan Motzfeldt 1979-2002

Hans Enoksen 14 December 2002 – 12 June 2009

Kuupik Vandersee Kleist 12 June 2009 – 5 April 2013

Aleqa Hammond 5 April 2013 – 30 September 2014

Kim Kielsen 30 September 2014 – 23 April 2021

Múte Bourup Egede 23 April 2021-

Major Claus Enevold Paarss

Major Claus Enevold Paarss (18 February 1683 – 26 May 1762) was a Danish military officer and official. Retired from service, he was appointed governor of Greenland by King Frederick IV between 1728 and 1730.

Duck and Cover (movie)

Duck and Cover is a United States civil defense movie for children from 1951. Like civil defense training movies for adults, this movie was prepared for children and was widely shown to United States school children in the 1950s. It teaches students what to do in the event of a nuclear explosion. The movie shows an animated tortoise named Bert the Turtle and schoolchildren who show how to protect oneself from a nuclear explosion by using the duck and cover position.

At the time, there was a Cold War between the Soviet Union and the United States, and their relations were bad. This fear, mistrust and perceived threat between the two countries, led to an arms race with more modern weapons, and especially to a nuclear arms race with nuclear weapons, which they often tested. This led to a fear of World War III, which could be a nuclear war. The United States was also fighting the Soviet Union's allies North Korea and China in the Korean War. The Cold War also led to the Second Red Scare in the United States.

The movie was funded by the United States Federal Civil Defense Administration, was filmed in 1951 and was released in January 1952. The movie was written by Raymond J. Mauer, directed by Anthony Rizzo of Archer Productions, narrated by actor Robert Middleton and made with the help of schoolchildren from New York City and Astoria, New York.

The movie is in the public domain and is widely available on the Internet, on websites such as YouTube. The movie is also available on DVD.

In 2004, the movie was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."


Speedy (DC Comics)

Speedy is the name of two fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is the sidekick to Green Arrow and a member of Team Arrow. Originally Speedy was Roy Harper, the legal ward of Oliver Queen. As a young super-hero, he fights crime using martial arts and trick arrows. Eventually he would out-grow this position and graduate to calling himself Arsenal, then later Red Arrow. He was a member of the Teen Titans in his youth. Roy Harper was created by Mort Weisinger and George Papp, first appearing in "More Fun Comics" #73. (1941)

Mia Dearden is the second and current Speedy. She is a young girl adopted by Oliver Queen, who rescued her from a trafficking ring. Mia Dearden was created by Kevin Smith and Phil Hester, first appearing in "Green Arrow (Volume 3) #2". (2001)

Poul Hansen Egede

Poul Hansen Egede (9 September 1708 – 6 June 1789) who was the Superintendent of Greenland he was a theologian, missionary, and scholar who was principally concerned with the Lutheran mission among the Kalaallit people in Greenland Paul Egede died in Copenhagen in 1789, having published in that year his journal of his life in Greenland.

Yowlah

The Yowlah, (Arabic: اليولة or العيالة, al-ʿayyalah or al-ʿiyyalah) also known as Al-Yola, is a traditional folk dance of the United Arab Emirates. The person who performs the dance is called a Yawil. The dance is also performed in Oman and Qatar. It is commonly performed at weddings and celebrations. It involves men and women dancing separately to traditional music, along with sounds of drums and other instruments. Started as a Bedouin war dance, it was originally performed by men spinning rifles or swords after a victory in battle. The dance includes people of all age from children to old.
In the past, men used real weapons which had bullets but today they use the light weight weapons similar to Kalashnikov rifles, and also without bullets. Children mostly use sticks instead of weapons as they are easier to use. Mohammed Al-Yateen, who led the "Dubai Military Association band" explains that,""performing the Yowlah was tougher in the past, because in those times, the rifles were heavier compared to today. It's an art that showcases a man's strength, as not everyone can master the skill required to perform the Yowlah.""

Balancing the weapon with skillful hand movements is also very important for this folk dance.

The Yawil, who leads the dance, uses a weapon or sometimes a wooden piece shaped like a weapon, in the dance. The dance is started by walking slowly with the weapon, then quickly rotating the weapon in a circle, then throwing the weapon into the air at a medium distance, and the yawil then receives the weapon while sitting on one knee.

In the old days, men used to sing "challah" without any drums or rhythms. But now, rhythms have become an important part of this art. In the old days, men would stand in rows and sing verses repeatedly, making the place echo with their voices. The first row would sing a verse to the tune of "challah war," and then the second row would reply with another verse. This would continue, making the sound of the singing louder and louder.

In November 2014, "yowlah" (with the name of Al-Ayyala) was recorded on UNESCO's Representative List of Intangible Cultural Heritage Items of Humanity.

On 26 November 2010, Guiness Book of World Records recorded the largest Yowlah dance in Fujairah where 285 participants from three different tribes performed at a final event of the traditional sword competition for the Crown Prince of Fujairah.

Spider-Woman

Spider-Woman is one of Marvel Comics' most popular superheroines, and as such, she has a traction of various alternate versions and characters who had taken her mantle.

The first Spider-Woman, Valerie the Librarian, made her first appearance in "Spidey Super Stories" #6 (December 24th, 1974). While Jessica Drew, the most famous Spider-Woman, made her debut in "Marvel Spotlight" #32 (November 9th, 1976); in spite of her name, Jessica Drew is very rarely related to Spider-Man in any way. The second major version is Julia Carpenter, who first appeared in "Marvel Super Heroes Secret Wars #6" in June of 1984, and the third major version is Mattie Franklin, who first apperared in "The Spectacular Spider-Man" #262 (October 1998).

Several alternate reality incarnations of the character have additionally received notoriety, including the Ultimate Spider-Woman, Ashley Barton, and Gwen Stacy.

Spider-Woman (Jessica Drew)

Spider-Woman (real name Jessica Miriam "Jess" Drew) is a fictional character and superheroine in Marvel Comics. She is the first Spider-Woman in the Marvel Universe, an ally of Spider-Man and his numerous spider allies, and member of the Avengers, Lady Liberators, and Daughters of Liberty.

She is the daughter of Jonathan and Meriem, and was injected with a serum made of the blood of several uncommon species of spiders after being effected by Uranium. After her age accelerated, she was taken under HYDRA until she refused to assassinate Nick Fury, and later left and became the superheroine Spider-Woman. Jessica went onto become an ally of Spider-Man, another superhero who was bitten by a radioactive spider and gave him powers similar to hers. She later became a member of the Avengers, Lady Liberators, Spider-Army, an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. and S.W.O.R.D.

Jessica Drew was created by Archie Goodwin and the late Marie Severin, and first appeared in "Marvel Spotlight #32" in February of 1977.

Jessica Drew has been described as one of Marvel's most notable and powerful female heroes. She made her cinematic debut in "" (2023) as Jess Drew, voiced by Issa Rae, who will reprise her role in "".

Spider-Woman (Mattie Franklin)

Martha "Mattie" Franklin, under the identity as Spider-Woman, is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The niece of J. Jonah Jameson, she is the third character to be called Spider-Woman.

Mattie Franklin / Spider-Woman made her cinematic debut in the animated movie "" (2023), depicted as a member of Miguel O'Hara's Spider-Society, and is portrayed in live-action by Celeste O'Connor in the Sony's Spider-Man Universe movie "Madame Web" (2024).

Thunderbolts (comics)

The Thunderbolts are an antihero team appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The team consists mostly of reformed supervillains. Created by Kurt Busiek and Mark Bagley, the team first appeared in "The Incredible Hulk" (vol. 2) #449 (January 1997).

Voices (Matchbook Romance album)

Voices is the second and final studio album by Matchbook Romance. The album was released on February 14, 2006.


Jawbreaker (band)

Jawbreaker is an American punk rock band formed in New York City in 1986. It was founded by singer and guitarist Blake Schwarzenbach, drummer Adam Pahler, and bassist Chris Bauermeister. The band ended in 1996, but started again in 2017. Jawbreaker is said to be inspirational for many punk rock and emo bands of the 1990s and 2000s. 

Jawbreaker was created in 1986 under the name "Rise" while Schwarzenbach, Pfahler, and Bauermeister were attending New York University (NYU). In 1987, the band moved as a group to Los Angeles, and added Schwarzenbach's childhood friend Jon Liu as the singer. The first demo that the group recorded was "Shield Your Eyes", which Schwarzenbach singing. After the demo was recorded, the group decided to continue on as a trio without Jon Liu. The trio changed their name to "Jawbreaker", and signed to independent label Shredder Records. Their first release on the label was "Shield Your Eyes" on the 7" vinyl compilation album called "The World's in Shreds Volume Two". The band went on to record the single release "Busy" and the "Whack and Blite 7" E.P." in 1989. In May of 1990, Jawbreaker released their first album "Unfun" through Shredder Records.

Following the "Fuck 90" tour of the summer of 1990, Jawbreaker ended for a short period of time. Schwarzenbach and Bauermeister went back to New York City to finish their college degrees, and Pfahler stayed in Los Angeles. The members quickly regretted their decisions, and decided to start the band again in San Francisco, California. 

The band recorded "Bivouac" through Tupelo Recording Company in 1991, and released it in 1992. While recording "Bivouac", Schwarzenbach started to grow a painful bump on his throat. The band continued to go on a tour of Europe, even though it was risky. When the band was playing in Ireland, Schwarzenbach had to receive emergency surgery on his throat. The song "Out Patient" on the band's 1994 album "24 Hour Revenge Therapy" may be talking about his surgery.

After the band's tour of Europe, Schwarzenbach and Pfahler were homeless. Schwarzenbach moved to Bay Area city Oakland, which inspired the band's next album. The album was released in 1994, and is often said to be the band's best album. Since the record was doing well, the band received an offer from DGC Records, a popular record label, for one million dollars.

The punk rock scene did not like that Jawbreaker was signing to a popular label. The band was thought to be a truly independent punk rock group, and by signing to a large company's record label, they were going against that. Many people, including Ben Weasel from Chicago punk band Screeching Weasel, criticized the band's choice. 

After Jawbreaker signed to DGC Records, they recorded their final studio album. "Dear You" was released in 1995, and received mixed reviews. The band did not work together closely on the album, and often recorded at separate times. The end result was a clean, highly produced album that did not sound like Jawbreaker's other albums. Jawbreaker also recorded their first and only music video for the album single "Fireman", which was in rotation on MTV. 

The band toured after the record was released. Many fans did not like the new material, and would openly turn away from the band while they were playing shows. Off-stage, the band continued to fight. On July 4 of 1996, the band officially announced that they would stop playing music together.








Technological change

Technological change is when the use of technology in a society or culture changes over time. This process is also knwon as technological development. Speaking from the point of view of economics, technological change makes it possible to get more output with the same input, or to get the same output, with less input. Often, technological change also affects the quality of the product, which improves over time. As an example, the development of the steam engine was linked to the industrial revolution:. Technological change also affect society: Often, society changes as a result of technological change. To stay with the example of the industrial revolution: In the industrial revolution, many factories were built, and people who worked in these factorires were needed. The work of the factory worker was very different from the work people did before. A whole social class of factory workers developed. As technolgoical change improves efficiencvy, very ofren, it is also linked to unemployment: Fewer people are needed to produce the same output, so some are laid off. 

According to Joseph Schumpeter, there are five different types of technological development:

Studies have been done on people living in close contact with nature (sometimes called indigenous societies): Very often these people developed complex systems to keep traditions alive, and to avoid technological change if it isn't necessary. Claude Lévi-Strauss used the term "cold cultures" to describe this phenomenon. 

People have also criticized technological change: Jean-Jacques Rousseau published a work called "Discourse on the Origin and Basis of Inequality Among Men" in 1755. In it, he writes that before the Industrial Revolution, people were able to live happily, in a state of nature. In it, he also says that private property leads to inequality among humans. At the beginning of the 19th century, the Luddites were opposed to certain technological changes introduced by the Industrial Revolution. In 1968, philiopsphers of the Frankfurt School become critical of technolhical change. In his encyclical "Laudato si'" Pope Francis has an ambivalent position as to technology: He sees technology as a key contributor to the environmental crisis and human suffering. 

Pope Francis points out, that technology is viewed as "principal key to the meaning of existence" and asks the world to "resist" the "assault" of the technocratic paradigm.

Benoît Potier

Benoît Potier, born September 3, 1957 in Mulhouse, has been Chairman and CEO of Air Liquide since 2006, a French industrial group specializing in industrial gases and employing more than 66,000 people since the acquisition of Airgas in 2016.

He is a graduate of École Centrale Paris and INSEAD.

He is married and the father of 3 daughters.

Native Son (1986 movie)

Native Son is a 1986 American drama movie directed by Jerrold Freedman and is based on the 1940 novel "Native Son" by Richard Wright. It stars Victor Love, Matt Dillon, Elizabeth McGovern, Geraldine Page, Oprah Winfrey, Carroll Baker and was distributed by Cinecom Pictures.


Ulric Browne

Ulric Franklyn Browne (born April 1957) is an English actor. He is best known for portraying Winston in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders".

Ulric Franklyn Browne was born in England in April 1957.

Browne studied at Mountview Academy of Theatre Arts in Peckham, South London.

Browne made his debut as an actor on 26 November 1985, with the role of market trader Winston in the BBC One soap opera "EastEnders". His character rarely speaks. His first line was "bloody pedestrians" said to Den Watts. He is the longest-serving male extra and second longest-serving extra, behind Jane Slaughter's Tracey.

Browne has worked as a secretary at Aircraft Management Support Limited in Exeter, Devon since 2 October 1992.

Browne has appeared in four "Children in Need" television spin-offs from "EastEnders"; "Pudding Lane" on 26 November 1999, "What Not To Wear" with Trinny Woodall and Susannah Constantine on 19 November 2004, "Motown Tribute" on 20 November 2009, and "EastEnd Meets WestEnd" on 17 November 2017.

Browne appeared in two 1988 episodes of the BBC children's television drama series "Grange Hill"; he was credited as House DJ on 15 January and as Hip Hop DJ on 12 February. He appeared in three episodes of the ITV police procedural series "The Bill"; he was credited as Benny Hughes on 5 October 1987, Seed on 31 January 1989 and Chas Hendrie on 31 July 2003.

Browne made his film debut on 7 March 2004, as Tiko in the action thriller film "The Quiet Storm".

Browne has performed in panto.

Browne is married to Debs.

Pearl River (China)

Pearl River is the name of a river in southern China. The river flows into the South China Sea near Macau. The whole river system has a length of . It is China's third-longest river system, after that of the Yangtze, and Yellow River. By volume, it is second-laregest, after the Yangtze. There are many large industrial cities along the river. It is important for transportation. Hong Kong is about from its estuary. Other large cities along the river are Guangzhou, Foshan, and Dongguan. Each of these citiers has more than a million people living in it. Another important city that is close is Shenzhen. Many parts along the river are highly-industralized cities.

Pearl River

Pearl river may refer to:



Foshan

Foshan is a city in central Guangdong province, in China. It is also called Fatshan. In 2020, about 9.5 million people lived in the city, and about 65 million in its urban area. It is about from Guangzhou. It is part of the nine cities that form the Guangdong–Hong Kong–Macao Greater Bay Area. It lies on the western side of the delta of the Pearl River.

New Social Contract

New Social Contract, Dutch: "Nieuw Sociaal Contract" (shortened "NSC"), is a Dutch political party.

New Social Contract was established in 2023. It focuses on governmental renewal.
Their leader and founder is Pieter Omtzigt.

Number of seats in the 2023 elections: 20 (/).


Bottom-up and top-down design

The terms bottom-up design and top-down design are used when organizing or classifying information. The terms are also used in different fields of engineering when talking about building more complex systems. 

In this context, a top-down approach means that people look at the more general case first, and later break down the information into more specialized cases. It is also known as stepwise refinement. When designing software, people speak about "decomposition", or "specialization". . A top–down approach starts with the big picture, then breaks down into smaller segments. 

Bottom-up works the other way around. People first design more specialized systems, and then look what these systems have in common. The subsystems then become special cases or extensions of the more general system, and their complexity is reduced, to only handle the cases where they are different from the more general system, or where they extend it. People speak about generalizing several components. 

When talking in ma morge general way, there are the concepts of deductive and inductive reasoning. Deductive reasoning starts with the more general case to the more specialized case. Inductive reasoning takes several of the more specialized cases, and tries to find similarities or patterns, generalizing them. Still other words, which are more widely used in engineering are decomposition and aggregation. Decomposition is about looking at the parts, aggregation is about combining several of those parts.

New York City Fire Department

The New York City Fire Department, also known as the Fire Department of the City of New York (FDNY), is the complete fire department for New York City. It is responsible for providing Fire Suppression Services along with Specialized Technical Rescue Response Services,Specialized Hazardous Materials Response Services and Emergency Medical Response Services. It has a wide variety of General Purpose and Special Purpose Vehicles,Tools and Equipment to accomplish its missions. The New York City Fire Department currently has 11,000+Uniformed Firefighting Personnel,4,274 Uniformed Emergency Medical Services Personnel and 2,096 Civilian Employees.

The Headquarters of the New York City Fire Department are located at 9 MetroTech Center in Downtown Brooklyn, while the FDNY Fire Academy is on Randalls Island. The International Association of Fire Fighters (IAFF) locals are Local 94 (Uniformed Firefighters Association of Greater New York),Local 854 (Uniformed Fire Officers Association),and Local 4959 (Uniformed Fire Alarm Dispatchers Benevolent Association). EMS is represented by DC 37 Locals 2507 for EMTs and paramedics, and Local 3621 for officers.

The New York City Fire Department traces its roots to 1648 when the first fire ordinance was adopted in the Dutch settlement of New Amsterdam (now part of the Dutch Empire). Upon arriving, Peter Stuyvesant appointed four fire wardens to oversee the chimneys of wooden houses. Owners faced penalties for improperly maintained chimneys. The initial fire wardens were Martin Krieger, Thomas Hall, Adrian Wyser, and George Woolsey.

Vogtsburg im Kaiserstuhl

Vogtsburg im Kaiserstuhl is a town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. About 6,000 people live there. It is the largest wine producing town in Germany.

Vogtsburg has 9 districts:

Dugout canoe

A dugout canoe, or dugout is a boat that is made by hollowing out a tree. The name is sometimes shortened to dugout. Other names for this kind of boat are logboat and monoxylon. "Monoxylon" ("μονόξυλον") (pl: "monoxyla") is Greek – "mono-" (single) + "ξύλον xylon" (tree) – and is mostly used in classic Greek texts. In German, they are called Einbaum ("one tree" in English). Some, but not all, pirogues are also made in this manner.

Dugouts are the oldest boat type archaeologists have found. The items found date back about 8,000 years to the Neolithic Stone Age. This is probably because they are made of massive pieces of wood, which tend to preserve better than others, such as bark canoes.


Payung dance

The Payung dance (Jawi: تاري ڤايوڠ) is a traditional dance of the Minangkabau and Malay people from Sumatra, Indonesia. It is similar to other dances from Sumatra but with a Minangkabau touch. In this dance, dancers use umbrellas called "payung." It is usually done by three or four dancers and shows the love and connections between young people. The dance comes from the Western Sumatra region of Indonesia.

People perform the Payung dance during different events like shows, exhibitions, parties, and weddings. It is a important part of Minangkabau culture. Men use umbrellas while women use shawls in the dance. The umbrella represents protection, showing how men protect their families. Women's shawls symbolize love and loyalty in marriage. This is shown when the woman's shawl is placed on the man's shoulder.

In the Indonesian and Minangkabau languages, "payung" or "payuang" means "umbrella" or "parasol." This word comes from old Sundanese. The dance is called Payung dance because it uses umbrellas as the main props. The umbrellas represent safety and protection in marriage.

The umbrella dance is a big part of the Minangkabau tribe's culture. It is mostly done by young Minangkabau people. But it's more than just entertainment. It also shows how couples should act in a loving relationship, following Islamic religious and traditional Minangkabau rules.

Long ago, during the time when the Dutch were ruling Sumatra, there were plays that people watched for fun. These plays sometimes included the umbrella dance. At first, the umbrella dance was just something extra in the plays, mainly for fun. But in the 1920s, it became really popular, and people liked it a lot.

In the 1960s, the umbrella dance was one of the most liked dances among the Minangkabau people. Some of them had never seen a Minangkabau dance before watching the umbrella dance. It often showed up in dance shows, either by itself or with other dances.

In the 2000s, a dancer and teacher named "Syofiyani Yusaf" from Bukittinggi worked on it and improved it, keeping its Minangkabau style but making it easier for anyone to learn.

Today, umbrella dance is performed at a lot of events, both in and outside of West Sumatra. Many students, from elementary to high school, learn the umbrella dance. They join art clubs in different places in West Sumatra. Some schools, like "Vocational High School 7 Padang" and the "Padangpanjang Indonesian Arts Institute", even teach the umbrella dance as part of their classes.

In Payung dance, female dancers wear traditional Malay clothes like kebaya tops, songket bottoms, hair in a bun, and a low, golden crown-like headdress called "suntiang." Male dancers wear long-sleeved shirts called "bay belanga" with a "cekak musang" collar, matching trousers, a side cloth made from songket, and a typical Minang head covering or black kopiah (peci).

Bahlingen

Bahlingen is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg in southwest Germany.

Biederbach

Biederbach is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Denzlingen

Denzlingen is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Elzach

Elzach (Low Alemannic: "Elze") is a town in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the river Elz and is 26 km northeast of Freiburg.

Endingen am Kaiserstuhl

Endingen am Kaiserstuhl is a town in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Forchheim am Kaiserstuhl

Forchheim am Kaiserstuhl is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Freiamt

Freiamt is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Gutach im Breisgau

Gutach im Breisgau is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Gutach has six villages:


CPR Restoration

CPR Restoration is an American company providing fire and water damage restoration services. It was founded in 1998 with its headquarter in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

CPR Restoration and Cleaning was founded in 1998 with its headquarter in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

It provides fire and water damage restoration services for residential and commercial properties. They have also been collaborating with the New York City Fire Department.

The company provides all types of services related to the fire and water damage properties like clean-up, pack-out, fire odor elimination, dehumidification, smoke removal, soot, minimizing recontamination, structure cleaning, remediation, debris pick-up, and removal services.

After a great success in Pennsylvania, the company expanded their services to New York, New Jersey, Delaware, Connecticut, and Maryland.

In 2014, a former employee, Stanley Kieffer, of CPR Restoration & Cleaning filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania against his employer companies, CPR LLC and CPR, Inc., claiming that alleging violations of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act (PHRA), the Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA), and Pennsylvania state law. Kieffer claimed that he was wrongfully terminated after requesting accommodations for his disabilities and filing a Charge of Discrimination with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

The suit ended with the court granting summary judgment in favor of CPR. The court found that Kieffer did not meet the criteria for protection under the FMLA, and he was not considered a "qualified individual" under the ADA. The court also ruled that Kieffer's requested leave was not a reasonable accommodation, and his retaliation claims lacked sufficient evidence. The decision was made on unspecified dates in 2018, and the Third Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court's judgment.

Alfred Grosser

Alfred Grosser (1 February 1925 – 7 February 2024) was a German-born French writer, sociologist and political scientist. Although his Jewish family had to move from Frankfurt to France in 1933, he focused on Franco-German cooperation after World War II, was instrumental in the Élysée Treaty in 1963, and writing books towards better understanding between the Germans and the French. He was professor at the Institut d'études politiques de Paris from 1955 to 1995 before contributing to newspapers and broadcasts including "La Croix" and "Ouest-France". He was critical of Israeli politics which caused controversies. His work was honoured with notable awards. He died in Paris on 7 February 2024, six days after his 99th birthday.

Kenzingen

Kenzingen is a town in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Malterdingen

Malterdingen is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Reute (Breisgau)

Reute is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Reute is twinned with:

Rheinhausen (Breisgau)

Rheinhausen is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Riegel am Kaiserstuhl

Riegel am Kaiserstuhl is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Sasbach am Kaiserstuhl

Sasbach is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Sasbach is adjacent to the river Rhine and the Kaiserstuhl. The municipality has three villages: Jechtingen, Leiselheim and Sasbach. It has two medieval castle called Limburg and Sponeck.

Sexau

Sexau is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Simonswald

Simonswald is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Teningen

Teningen is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Teningen is twinned with:

Vörstetten

Vörstetten is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Vörstetten is twinned with:

L'Étrat

L'Étrat is a commune in the Loire department in central France. In 1884, L'Étrat was split from the commune of 
La Tour-en-Jarez.

L'Étrat is twinned with:

La Tour-en-Jarez

La Tour-en-Jarez is a commune in the Loire department in central France. In 1884, L'Étrat was split from the commune of 
La Tour-en-Jarez.

La Tour-en-Jarez is twinned with:

Weisweil

Weisweil is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Kiribati dollar

The Kiribati dollar is linked to the Australian dollar, with a fixed exchange rate of 1:1. 

Here are the key points about this currency:


Waldkirch

Waldkirch is a town in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is 15 km northeast of Freiburg im Breisgau. About 21,000 people live there. The town is on the river Elz, in the southwestern part of the Black Forest.

The sensor manufacturer SICK AG and amusement ride manufacturer Mack Rides are headquartered in Waldkirch. The Catholic church of St. Margarethen (former collegiate church of the same name) was built in 1732–1734 by the Austrian architect Peter Thumb.

Waldkirch is twinned with:

Winden im Elztal

Winden im Elztal is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Wyhl

Wyhl is a municipality in Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

It is known in the 1970s for its opposition to the anti-nuclear movement. Wyhl was first mentioned in 1971 as a site for a nuclear power plant. The construction of a nuclear power plant in Breisach had been planned since 1969, was abandoned because of protests. In July 1973, Wyhl was named as the location for a power plant at the Kaiserstuhl.

Social stratification

Sociologists have put people into different categories, based on socioeconomic factors, such as wealth, income, race, education, ethnicity, gender, occupation, social status, or derived power (social and political). They called this classification social stratification. Stratification is the relative social position of people within a social group, category, geographic region, or social unit. 

In modern Western societies, social stratification is defined in terms of three social classes: an upper class, a middle class, and a lower class. Each class is divided in three again: an upper, a middle, and a lower layer, or statum. Moreover, a social stratum can be formed upon the bases of kinship, clan, tribe, or caste, or all four.

Socieieties that are based on states, that have more than one center, or that have a feudal hierachy use social stratification. In feudal society, there is nobility, and there are the common people, or peasants. Social scientists still argue about when social stratification first appeared: Either it started in the hunter-gatherer, tribal, and band societies or with agriculture and large-scale means of social exchange. Determining the structures of social stratification comes from inequalities of status among people.The degree of social inequality determines a person's social stratum. Generally, the greater the social complexity of a society, the more social stratification exists, by way of social differentiation.

Stratification can yield various consequences. For instance, the stratification of neighborhoods based on spatial and racial factors can influence disparate access to mortgage credit.

People and groups or categories of people also move between the layers of the system. This movement can occur within one generation, or from one generation to the next one. 

Mobility is sometimes used to classify different systems of social stratification. Systems that allow such mobility, or that make it easier are called open. Uually, they make movement possible by placing value on the achieved status characteristics of people. The societies with the highest levels of intragenerational mobility are considered to be the most open and malleable systems of stratification. Those systems in which there is little to no mobility, even on an intergenerational basis, are considered closed stratification systems. For example, in caste systems, all aspects of social status are ascribed, such that one's social position at birth persists throughout one's lifetime.

Lauchringen

Lauchringen is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It has two districts: Oberlauchringen and Unterlauchringen.


Murg, Baden-Württemberg

Murg is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Dogern

Dogern is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Dogern is twinned with:

Le Grand-Lemps

Le Grand-Lemps is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.

Le Grand-Lemps is twinned with:

Rickenbach, Baden-Württemberg

Rickenbach is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Pura, Tarlac

Pura is a municipality in the province of Tarlac, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 25,781 people lived there.

Tarlac City

Tarlac City is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Tarlac. According to the 2020 census, 385,398 people lived there.

Mount ad-Dahi

Mount ad-Dahi () is a historic mountain in Palestine, located south of Nazareth, three kilometers east of Afula .

It was named after the village of Ad-Dah, which contains the tomb of the companion Dahiya Al-Kulayni.

mountains of historic Palestine and is located south of Nazareth, three kilometers east of Afula . It was named after the village of Ad-Dah, which contains the tomb of the companion Dahiya Al-Kulayni . 

The hill of Dahi is 550 metres high. 
T

The mountain mass forms a watershed between the Galood River / Jalud River in the south and The Tabor Valley in the north.

The mountain mass forms a watershed between the Galood River in the south and the Taboor valley in the north. 

The Jabal Ad-Dhi massif forms a water dividing line between the Jalud River in the south and The Tabor Valley in the north.

Mount Ad-Dhi is one of the mountains of historic Palestine and is located south of Nazareth, three kilometers east of Afula . It was named after the village of Ad-Dah, which contains the tomb of the companion Dahiya Al-Kulayni . The height of Mount Ad-Dah is 550 meters and is also known as “Little Hermon.” The total land of the mountain ranges between (6000-8000) dunams, and the Canaanites mentioned it as “Mount Mi’sar.” 

Chavanay

Chavanay is a commune in the Loire department in central France.

Chavanay is twinned with:

Saint-Pierre-de-Trivisy

Saint-Pierre-de-Trivisy is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Wavelet compression

Wavelet compression is a form of data compression which is mainly used to compress images and videos (which are sequences of images). Like with other forms of data compression, the idea is to find redundancies, and to remove them:


Compression algorithms which are based on the theory of wavelets allow to get compression rates of around 1:65. Yves Meyer, a french mathematician, first developed the theory of wavelets in the 1980s. Ingrid Daubechies and Stéphane Mallat improved the theory, and found links to digital signal processing.

Digital filter

In the context of digital signal processing a digital filter is there to change a signal. An example of a filter might be to only let certain frequency bands pass, or to block these bands. The signal will be sampled, and discrete in time. Unlike analog filters, digfital filters use logical components, while analog filters use electrical circuits. Very often, the signal is transoformed from analog to digtal before filtering, and then transformed back after filtering.

Van Dyke brown

Van Dyke (Vandyke) brown is a warm brown colour for painting and printmaking. Early accounts of the pigment call it Cassel (or Kassel) earth or Cologne earth. Today it is usually called Van Dyke brown after the painter Anthony van Dyck. 

The colour was originally made from a mixture of peat or soil and oil paints.

Despite being named after Anthony van Dyck, the pigment has not been found in his work. It is found in some American paintings of the nineteenth century.

Prime (drink)

Prime is a hydration drink made by Logan Paul is a American Influencer and professional wrestler.

More to Life

"More to Life" is a 1991 song by Cliff Richard and is the theme song to the BBC tv series "Trainer". It went to number 23 in the United Kingdom.

UK 7" single (EM 205), CD single (CDEM 205), cassette (TCEM 205)

Innokenty Smoktunovsky

Innokenty Smoktunovsky (28 March 1925 – 3 August 1994) was a Soviet actor. During the Second World War, he served in the Red Army, but was captured. After the war, in 1946 he started his career as an actor. He first was with the theatre in Norilsk, and Krasnojarsk, both in Siberia. Later he was active in Moscow and Leningrad. From 1972, he was at the Maly theatre in Moscow. From 1976, hew was at the Moscow Art Theatre. He was also active in movies. In 1969, he received an award from the Festival in San Sebastian, for his role of Tchaikovski, in the movie with the same name.

John Moore (Irish politician)

John Moore (1763 – 6 December 1799) was an Irishman appointed in August 1798 "President of the Government of the Province of Connaught" by the commander of a French invasion force, General Humbert during the Irish Rebellion of 1798

Lyla in the Loop

Lyla in the Loop is a children's animated television series. It was created by Dave Peth for PBS Kids. It premiered on February 5, 2024. It is produced by Mighty Picnic and Pipeline Studios. It follows Lyla, a black girl and her sidekick, a fuzzy blue creature named Stu. Together, the two embark on adventures with her family. The theme song was composed and performed by .

Tinwald, New Zealand

Tinwald is a southern suburb of Ashburton and is separated by the Ashburton River / Hakatere. It has a primary school that opened in 1879, shopping area and the Plains Railway. It was the home of New Zealand Prime Minister William Massey and has State Highway 1 running through the suburb. 

Souleyman Sané

Souleymane Sané (26 February 1961 in Dakar, Senegal) is a Senegalese-French former football player and football coach. He played as striker mainly in Germany. 
Sané was born in Senegal and came to Toulouse, France, with his parents when he was four. His father was an employee of the Senegalese embassy. As a child he took up athletics, boxing and wrestling. He then decided on football. He was influenced by his brother, who played professionally at FC Toulouse. Sané started playing football at FC Blagnac in Toulouse. He worked as a pastry chef at the same time. In 1981 he was signed by the Parisian third division club ES Viry-Châtillon. In his first season he was top scorer. 

In 1982 he was serving in the French army and went to Germany. There he played for the then fourth division club (Verbandsliga Südbaden) FV Donaueschingen. After his military service, he returned to Toulouse and was loaned to Blagnac FC. In 1984 he returned to Donaueschingen. In 1985 Sané was signed by SC Freiburg. In 1987/88 he was top scorer in the second division with 21 goals. In the summer of 1988 he moved to Bundesliga club 1. FC Nürnberg. In 1990 he went to newly promoted SG Wattenscheid 09. With 39 goals, he is still Wattenscheid's record goalscorer in the Bundesliga.

After the relegation of Wattenscheid in 1994, Sané moved to Austria to FC Tirol Innsbruck. There he became the league's top scorer. Later he played in Switzerland (Lausanne, FC Schaffhausen). From there he returned to SG 09 in the 2nd Bundesliga. He then played for LASK Linz in the Austrian Bundesliga, for Rot-Weiß Leithe and for SW Wattenscheid 08. He later also played for Schwarz-Weiß Südfeldmark in Wattenscheid.
When Sané was playing for Nuremberg, Michel Platini tried to persuade him to play for France. Otto Pfister, then coach in Senegal, made the Senegalese football association aware that Sané had a Senegalese passport. The association managed to get Sané to switch to Senegal two weeks before the first game for France. According to an interview question, he played 55 games for the Senegalese national football team. The RSSSF recorded 30 A international matches with eleven goals. 

He is the father of Leroy Sané, who is playing for FC Bayern Munich and the Germany national football team.

2022 AFL Grand Final

The 2022 AFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football match played between the Geelong Cats and the Sydney Swans at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) on 24 September 2022. It was the 127th grand final in the Australian Football League (AFL), and was held to determine the winner of the 2022 AFL season. Geelong defeated Sydney by 81 points.

2021 AFL Grand Final

The 2021 AFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football match played between the Melbourne Demons and the Western Bulldogs on 25 September 2021 at Optus Stadium in Perth. It was the 126th grand final in the Australian Football League (AFL) and determined the winner of the 2021 AFL season.

Melbourne defeated the Western Bulldogs by 74 points. It was the first time since 1964 that the Demons had won a Grand Final.

Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Grand Final was not played at the traditional venue, the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG), for a second time in a row. It was the first Grand Final to be played in Western Australia and even though it was played between two Victorian teams during a pandemic, it set a new attendance record for Australian rules football in Western Australia.

Phytochrome

Phytochromes are a type of protein that is sensitive to light. They can be found in plants, bacteria, and fungi. There are two types of red-sensitive phytochromes. Type I is sensitive to far-red light. Type II is sensitive to red light.

The way they work is to control the plant's development. There are other receptors which respond to blue and ultraviolet light. Their pigments are also phytochromes.


Unincorporated territory

A United States insular area in which the United States Congress has determined that only selected parts of the United States Constitution apply.

An unincorporated United States insular area, of which there are currently thirteen, three in the Caribbean (Navassa Island, Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands) and ten in the Pacific (American Samoa, Baker Island, Guam, Howland Island, Jarvis Island, Johnston Atoll, Kingman Reef, Midway Atoll, the Northern Mariana Islands and Wake Atoll).
Kepler-16

Kepler-16 is an eclipsing binary star system. It consists of two stars, Kepler-16A and Kepler-16B. The system also has one exoplanet, Kepler-16b. It is a gas giant the size of Saturn.

Adoration of the Magi (Fra Angelico and Filippo Lippi)

The Adoration of the Magi is a round painting believed to be made by Fra Angelico in the middle of the 15th century. It is now in the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C. Many experts think Filippo Lippi also helped with it, along with other artists and helpers. The painting is also called the Washington Tondo or Cook Tondo. It is made with tempera on wood and is about 137.3 cm across.

Art experts say the painting took a long time to make, with many changes done by different artists. Some people do not like these changes, but others, like John Walker, think it's one of the best Florentine paintings. He believes it shows the shift between old and new painting styles in Italy during the 15th century.

The painting is thought to be the same one listed in a list of things in the Medici Palace in 1492, after Lorenzo the Magnificent died. It was kept in a big room with Paolo Uccello's famous Battle of San Romano paintings. This painting was worth more than any other in the palace.

From the late 16th century, it was owned by the Guicciardini family in Florence. In 1810, it was sold to Chevalier François-Honoré Dubois, the chief of police in Florence during the time of Napoleon. It changed owners a few times and was believed to be painted by different artists like Botticelli, Fra Angelico, and Filippino Lippi.

During World War II, it was sent to the United States from England to keep it safe from bombs. It was later given to the National Gallery of Art in 1952.

The painting shows three wise men giving presents to baby Jesus, who is held by his mother Mary. Saint Joseph is beside them, and there are animals behind them. This is a common picture in many paintings.

Besides the wise men, there are also shepherds. One is looking at Jesus and Mary, and the others are pointing at them. The stable is outside, and there are animals and people nearby.

In the background, more people are coming to see Jesus. Some are on horses and camels, while others are walking. The city walls of Bethlehem are seen, and some people are watching what's happening.

On the roof of the stable, there is a big bird and some smaller ones. There are also some young people on the ruins, but it's not clear who they are. Some parts of the painting look strange because the sizes of things do not match up correctly. This might be because the artist made changes while painting.

The painting was probably made in different steps or stages. Fra Angelico and his helpers started it around the 1440s. Angelico's style can be seen in Mary's face, but other parts seem to be done by his helpers. The small figures on the right and left sides of the painting also match Angelico's style.

Angelico was busy with many projects, so the painting might have been left unfinished when he died in 1455. Then, it might have been given to Filippo Lippi's workshop, another famous painter in Florence.

Some parts of the painting, like the stable and the birds on the roof, seem to be added later. They might have been inspired by symbols used by the Medici family. Benozzo Gozzoli, who worked with Angelico before, might have added these details. He also painted similar scenes in the Medici Palace around the same time.

Easy-Bake Oven

The Easy-Bake Oven was a popular children's toy stove for baking. It used an electrical source for heat and came with pans and other equipment. Different models were made in several colors.

The toy was first sold in 1963. Kids would be able to bake small cakes and cookies as long as they had electricity. The oven was supposed to be used with adult supervision.

Super Bowl LVIII

Super Bowl LVIII (57) was an American football game that was played to determine the champion of the National Football League (NFL) for the 2023 season. In a rematch of Super Bowl LIV, from 4 years earlier, the American Football Conference (AFC) champion and defending Super Bowl champion Kansas City Chiefs defeated the National Football Conference (NFC) champion San Francisco 49ers 25–22 in overtime to secure their second Super Bowl championship in a row and become the first team to go back-to-back since the New England Patriots in 2004. With this being the Chiefs' fourth Super Bowl appearance and third win in five years, many have said this game established them as a super team. The game was played on February 11, 2024, at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada. It was the second Super Bowl to go into overtime, the first being Super Bowl LI, seven years earlier. The game's attendance of 61,629 was the lowest in Super Bowl history outside of the COVID-19 pandemic.

This was the first Super Bowl to be held in the state of Nevada. The game was televised nationally by CBS, streamed on Paramount+, alternatively broadcast on youth-oriented network Nickelodeon, and televised on the Spanish network Univision.

The game has been named by people as the "Taylor Swift Bowl" or "Swiftie Bowl", referencing singer-songwriter Taylor Swift and her fans, which are known as Swifties. The season broke records for the NFL, following Swift's relationship with Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce and her frequent appearances at Chiefs games. Fans who began supporting the Chiefs due to Swift's association with them have been dubbed as "Chiefties".

Super BowlLVIII was televised by CBS. . CBS used 165 cameras, including six cameras embedded within the goal posts ("doink cams"), 48 cameras capable of high frame rate video (24 of which were in 4K for zoom abilities), and 23 cameras for augmented reality effects. CBS televised the game in 1080p with high-dynamic-range (HDR) color, changed to 4K on selected television providers. It was the most-watched United States broadcast since the Apollo 11 moon landing.

On September24, 2023, it was announced that R&B and pop singer Usher would lead the halftime show.

Usher's show included the songs "Caught Up", "U Don't Have to Call", "Love in This Club", "Confessions Part II", "Nice & Slow", "Burn", "U Got It Bad", "OMG", and "Yeah!".

Felonius Gru (character)

Gru (also known as Felonious Gru) is a fictional character in the Despicable Me Franchise. He is voiced by Steve Carell. He was created by Sergio Pablos.

Gru’s wife is Lucy Wilde.

Gru, in one of his memories, while he was in elementary school, was bullied by friends when he was trying to ask a young girl to go on a date, with one of them saying she had “Gruties”, causing the kids in the playground to run away from Gru. It is said that Gru witnessed the moon landing on live television during the space race, pointing that he could have been born at the height of the Cold War, which was the Cuban missile crisis in 1962, he also made a rocket ship out of macaroni and actually made a real one based on the macaroni prototype. 

"Main article:Despicable Me (movie)"

In Despicable Me, Gru is a supervillain who steals the moon. His heart is then softened by the girls and ends up adopting them. In the movie, his main opponent is Vector Perkins, who was responsible for stealing the pyramids of Giza and replacing them with fake inflatables. Later, after defeating Vector, he is hired by the Anti-Villain League, being granted an official pardon.

•Despicable Me 3

Nihang

Nihang are mythical water dragons from the Chitrali Mythology in northwestern Pakistan. The name ""Nihang"" comes from the Persian word "nahang" for crocodiles but is also used for other sea creatures. Nihangs looked like winged snakes, also found in myths in many parts of mainland Pakistan and East Asia. They were huge, scaly creatures and were famous for their golden manes. The most famous one lived in a lake in Mastuj area of Chitral and frightened the local people. However, its reign of terror ended when an ancient warrior fought against it using a double-hilted sword and killed it.

The Chitrali dragon has similarities to both Eastern and Western dragons. It looks like East Asian dragons with its thick furlike mane, lives in water, and has a long, slender, serpent-like body. But unlike Eastern dragons, the Chitrali dragon is seen as a mean creature that spreads fear in its area. People living near lakes have long believed in creatures like this in the Hindu Kush mountains. Even a Chinese traveler from the 7th century, Xuanzang, mentioned a dragon living in a lake in the region. While the exact lake he talked about isn't known, some believe it could be Lake Dufferin on the border of Chitral.

Stories about dragons were common in Chitrali stories. Dragons could be seen as powerful and noble, but also scary. Some lived in water like the Nihang, while others lived on land. These dragons were called "Azhdaar". The Chitrali dragon was a mix of the Iranian and Chinese dragons. It was big, had wings, looked like a serpent (similar to chinese dragons), and had a golden mane like a lion. It could swallow people and breathe fire. Old warriors said you could fight back by holding your sword above your head and cutting the dragon's mouth. Dragons were often linked with treasure. Even in the 1980s, people talked about a dragon guarding treasure in a valley near Chitral Town.

The small town of Mastuj in Chitral was once an important place, serving as the capital of a small hilly kingdom. There used to be a big lake below the town where a huge dragon (Nihang) lived. This dragon would eat anything that moved, including fish and animals. Over time, it even started attacking people passing by. The locals, worried about their safety, asked their king for help.

The king, after talking with his advisers, announced a reward for anyone brave enough to kill the dragon. A courageous man stepped forward and said he would do it. He got a special sword made, poisoned its edge, and set out on his dangerous journey.

When he reached the lake, he got off his horse, took out his sword, and approached the edge of the lake. As the dragon saw him, it tried to swallow him. But the sharp sword quickly sliced the dragon's jaws, and the poison killed him.

The brave man took one of the dragon's golden manes (long hair on the neck like a lion) and went back to the king's palace. He was happily welcomed, given a big feast, and praised by everyone. The king rewarded him with money and land. The people of Mastuj loved and admired him. His story spread far and wide, and even today, people remember him. Though the lake is gone, the place is still called "Nahangu Chhat", which means "The Dragon’s Lake" in the Khowar language.

Houdini (Dua Lipa song)

“Houdini” is a 2023 song by English-Albanian singer Dua Lipa. It was released on , and will appear on her third album. The song has been successful on the charts, reaching number two in the UK.

A music video for the song was released at the same time, featuring Lipa dancing in a dance studio.

Nella Larsen

Nella Larsen (1891-1964) was an American nurse, librarian, and writer during the Harlem Renaissance. She was born in Chicago, and grew up in a mostly white neighborhood before attending high school for one year at Fisk University’s Normal School, which is a historically Black college and university (HBCU). After high school, Larsen moved to Denmark where she lived with relatives and spent three years (1909-1912) auditing courses from the University of Copenhagen.

Considered an important figure of the Harlem Renaissance, Larsen was an accomplished writer. She was the first Black woman to be awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1930. Larsen was also awarded the Harmon Foundation’s bronze medal for "Quicksand" (2). Larsen’s works center middle class Black women and their experiences, focusing on topics such as marginality and mixed-race identity.

Considered an important figure of the Harlem Renaissance, Larsen was an accomplished writer. She was the first Black woman to be awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1930. Larsen was also awarded the Harmon Foundation’s bronze medal for "Quicksand". Larsen’s works center middle class Black women and their experiences, focusing on topics such as marginality and mixed-race identity.


Qui Jin

Qui Jin (born in 1875), was a Chinese revolutionary. She was a feminist, heroine, and martyr. She was  beheaded in 1907 in her early 30s. As she was growing up, Jin noticed that she contradicted the stereotypes of women. For example, Jin had passions for swords, poetry, wine, and bomb-making. Jin was 28 when she left her kids and husband to study abroad. She started a magazine called the “Chinese Women’s Journal (Zhongguo Nübao). Jin also joined the Chinese secret society, known as the Triads. She got arrested because she hid weapons, evacuated students, and destroyed documents. Jin was asked to write something before she died. She chose to write about the meaning of her name: Autumn. 

Kate Swift

Kate Swift is an author, activist, and editor. Swift invented a gender-neutral pronoun: "tey."

Swift worked in the army as an education and information specialist during World War II. She was also a writer for the Port of New Orleans. Swift then worked as an editorial assistant at Time Magazine. She was also a news writer for the Public Relations Department of the Girl Scouts of America. Swift became a science writer on the public affairs staff of the Museum of Natural History. She was also the director of the news bureau of the School of Medicine at Yale, in 1965. Swift wrote two revolutionary books that brought attention to sexual discrimination in the English language. Swift worked with Casey Miller to edit a manual to make it gender-inclusive. Swift’s efforts resulted in Connecticut becoming one of the first states in the US to achieve same-sex marriage. Swift has helped women be recognized as “full-fledged members of the human race”.

Ms.

Ms. is a common honorific used to describe women regardless of their marital status. Ms. was invented to replace Mrs. and Miss. Ms. has been described as a “calling card of the feminist movement in the ‘70’s”. It was supported for feminism and expediency. This honorific has changed the way most modern women are addressed. The word and idea of “Ms.” has a very complicated and complex history.

The honorific “Ms.” goes back to at least the 1760s. But, it was more “officially” proposed by a writer in 1901.  This writer proposed “Ms.” to avoid accidentally calling a woman a wrong name. This proposal was also the first marriage-neutral proposal. “Ms.” was accepted as an honorific by the New York Times in 1986. Later, during a radio interview at the New York Radio Station, Sheila Michaels spoke out for the honorific “Ms.” to be a title. Eventually, "Ms." became official.

Finau Vulivuli

Finau Vulivuli (born August 18th, 1982) is an international commentator for football. She is a Fijian referee and used to be in a national football team for the 2003 South Pacific Games. 

After she played in the Women's Fifa World Cup, she reffed for the Fifa World Cup when Vulivuli saw how women started getting represented in the commentary of sports. Vulivuli dreamed she would be one of those women. She was then trained by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation International Development. 

She then got noticed by big people in her training. Vulivuli was asked to be a part of the official live coverage of the Oceania Football Confederation. Vulivuli continues broadcasting for football.

Rupal Patel

Dr. Rupal Patel is an Indian American speech scientist and the CEO and founder of VocaliD. She has a masters, bachelor's degree, and a doctorate in psychology, speech acoustics, and speech-language pathology. She began interest and research in 2007 and later founded VocaliD in 2014. VocaliD is a company that customizes digital voices for people with speech impairments. She collects the limited sounds that her patients are able to make, and matches them with a donated voice from their “Voice Bank”. She has also received grants from the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation. Patel was on the faculty in the department of bio-behavioral sciences at the Teachers College of Columbia University in 2003 [1]. She gave a TED talk about her work in 2013. It convinced 1,500 people to sign up to donate their voice.

Luzmila Carpio

Luzmila Carpio is a Bolivian singer-songwriter, former Bolivian ambassador to France, advocate for nature, the importance of women, and indigenous culture.

Carpio began recording songs in Quechua. She then moved to Paris in 1980 to spread awareness of her culture. Her music is inspired by nature and protecting her indigenous culture.Carpio has collaborated with artists such as Gilberto Gil and Lila Downs. Her album Yuyay Jap’ina Tapes was named Top 15 Latin Albums of 2015 by Rolling Stone. Carpio was invited to sing at Michelle Bachelet’s presidential inauguration in 2006. She was also appointed Bolivia’s ambassador to France in 2006-2010. She now speaks about the importance of young people connecting with their culture and with Mother Earth.     

Maya Sekine

Maya Sekine is an Ainu YouTuber and a preserver of Ainu culture. She's devoted to passing down Ainu culture. 

Sekine was born in Japan. She learned Ainu from a young age. In college, Sekine was able to share her Ainu culture with her friends and peers. She started her YouTube channel in 2019 after being a presenter on an Ainu language-learning radio program for a year. Sekine wanted to spread her culture by teaching people short and everyday phrases. She taught people traditional Ainu cooking, music, and weaving on her YouTube. Sekine values being honest and preserving her culture. She would love to open a cafe where all the waiters speak Ainu.

Jamba Juice

Jamba Juice is an American fast food restaurant and juice chain. It sells blended fruit and vegetable juices, smoothies and other food products. It was founded in 1990 in San Luis Obispo, California. It is owned by Focus Brands.

Polypedates himalayensis

The Himalayan whipping frog or Himalayan tree frog ("Polypedates himalayensis") is a frog. It lives in Bhutan and India. People have seen it between 100 and 2000 meters above sea level.
Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Polypedates maculatus".

This frog can lay eggs in streams, rice paddies, wetlands, canals, and other bodies of water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it can live in places that humans have changed.

Polypedates macrotis

The Baram whipping frog, forest bush frog, brown-striped tree frog, big-eared whipping frog, dark-eared tree frog, or Bongao bubble-nest frog ("Polypedates macrotis") is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar, and some islands in the South China Sea. People have seen them as high as 1300 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests. It can lay eggs in ditches and other bodies of water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it can live in places that humans have changed.

Rainbow crossing

A rainbow crossing or rainbow crosswalk is a pedestrian crossing with the rainbow flag on it, to represent the LGBT community.

The rainbow flag or gay pride flag, is linked with the LGBTQIA+ community and LGBT activities around the world.

The idea of rainbow crosswalks first appeared in Taipei, Taiwan in 2008. 
The first permanent rainbow crosswalks were built in West Hollywood, as part of the 2012 Gay Pride Month. Similar crossings were built in Sydney, Australia, the following year, as well as some temporary rainbow crossings in other cities such as Tel Aviv.

Sculling

Sculling is the action of rowing with two paddles (one in each hand), as opposed to the more familiar single-paddled "sweeping."

My Big Fat Greek Wedding

My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a 2002 American-Canadian romantic comedy movie directed by Joel Zwick and written by Nia Vardalos. The movie stars Nia Vardalos, John Corbett, Lainie Kazan, Michael Constantine, Gia Carides, Louis Mandylor, Andrea Martin and Joey Fatone. 

A 30-year old middle-class Greek American woman, who still lives with her family in Chicago, falls in love with an upper middle-class White Anglo-Saxon Protestant man, and struggles to get her family and especially her father, who wants her to marry a Greek, to accept him, while she comes to terms with her heritage and cultural identity.

"My Big Fat Greek Wedding" was shot in Toronto, Canada, which stands in for Chicago in the movie.
The movie spawned a movie franchise, which inspired the 2003 sitcom "My Big Fat Greek Life" and the 2016 sequel "My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2". A third movie, titled "My Big Fat Greek Wedding 3", was released in cinemas on September 8, 2023.

"My Big Fat Greek Wedding" was very successful at the box office; its budget was estimated at $5 million and the box office was $368.7 million. The reviews of the movie by the movie critics and the audience were positive.


National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research

The National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research NIWA, (NIWA), is a New Zealand government research organization founded in 1992. It specializes in environmental sciences and manages important monitoring networks, databases, and collections. NIWA has around 697 staff working across 14 sites in New Zealand and one in Perth, Australia. Its main office is in Auckland, with regional offices in Hamilton, Wellington, Christchurch, Nelson, and Lauder. Additionally, it has small hydrology-focused field teams in various places and maintains a fleet of about 30 research vessels for freshwater, marine, and atmospheric research.

Spider-Man (2018 video game)

Marvel's Spider-Man is a video game released in 2018. It was developed in 2018 by Insomniac Games. The story is about Spider-Man trying to stop the Super-villian Mister Negative from taking over New York City's criminal underworld.
"Marvel's Spider-Man" was released for the PlayStation 4 on September 7, 2018. It had an expansion released called """" in late 2018. The game was remastered and released on the PlayStation 5 in November 2020 and later on PC.

The game had a spin-off called "" in November 2020 for the PlayStation 5 

The game had a sequel called "Marvel's Spider-Man 2" released in October 2023 for the PlayStation 5.

Grid reference

A grid reference identifies a region on a map. Coordinates and gridlines are used to refer to specific features or locations.

Upfield (company)

Upfield Holdings B.V. is a Dutch food company. It owns multiple brands of margarine, food spreads, and plant-based foods. It is the largest plant-based consumer packaged goods company in the world, operating in 95 countries. It was spun off from Unilever and purchased by investment firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) in 2018 for US$8.04 billion.

T-37A tank

The T-37A was an amphibious Soviet light tank. It was the first mass-produced light tank in the world. In service, the tanks mainly did communication, reconnaissance, and infantry support tasks. 


Wrong Again (song)

"Wrong Again" is a 1998 song by country singer Martina McBride and is the fourth single from her fourth studio album "Evolution". It went to number 36 in the United States, number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 5 on the Canadian Country Tracks chart.

Avatar (franchise)

"Avatar" is a American media franchise created by James Cameron, which consists of a planned series of epic science fiction films produced by Lightstrom Entertainment and distributed by 20th Century Studios

Tondo, Manila

Tondo is a district in Manila, Philippines. It is the largest, in terms of area and population, of Manila's sixteen districts. It had a census-estimated 654,220 people in 2020. It contains two congressional districts. It is the second most densely populated district in the city.

Ethan Page

Julian Micevski (born September 20, 1989) is an Canadian professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Ethan Page. He also wrestles in their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH). He has also wrestles for Impact Wrestling and Evolve.

During his time in Impact Wrestling, Page was known for being one-half of the tag team The North with Josh Alexander. During his time in Impact, Page was a two-time Impact World Tag Team Champion.

On March 7, 2021, Page would sign a three-year contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would make his debut the same night at Revolution. He would compete in the Face of the Revolution ladder match as a surprise entrant but the match would be won by Scorpio Sky. On the March 29 episode of "", Page would create a tag team with Scorpio Sky. They would later call themselves the Men of the Year.

On the August 18 episode of "Dynamite", Page and Sky would join Dan Lambert's American Top Team stable. On the October 27 episode of "Dynamite", Page would challenge Sammy Guevara for his TNT Championship but would lose the match. At New Year's Smash, Page would once again challenge for the TNT Championship. This time against Cody Rhodes. Page would be defeated by Rhodes. The team would quietly break up after Sky lost his TNT Championship to Wardlow on the July 7, 2022 episode of "Dynamite".

At "The House Always Wins", Page would compete in a 15 Man Battle Royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship. The match would eventually be won by The Butcher.

On the July 1, 2023 episode of "Collision" in his hometown of Hamilton, Page would challenge MJF for his AEW World Championship but would be defeated.


Stumblin' In

"Stumblin' In" is a 1978 song by Chris Norman and Suzi Quatro. It was included on some editions of her fifth studio album "If You Knew Suzi...". It went to number 4 in the United States, number 41 in the United Kingdom, number 2 in South Africa, Germany, New Zealand and Australia, number 11 in Canada, number 13 in Ireland and number 3 in the Netherlands and Belgium. It was their only top 40 in the United States. In 2023 it was covered by Australian singer Cyril.

I'm Just Ken

"I'm Just Ken" is a song sang by Canadian actor Ryan Gosling for the 2023 film "Barbie". It was written and produced by Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt and appears on the soundtrack album "Barbie the Album". , the song had over 100 million streams on Spotify and over 3 million views on YouTube. It won Best Song at the 29th Critics' Choice Awards and was nominated for Best Song Written for Visual Media at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards and is nominated for Best Original Song at the upcoming 96th Academy Awards.

Kyla (Filipino singer)

Melanie Hernandez Calumpad (born January 5, 1981), known as Kyla, is a Filipino singer, actress, and television personality. Known for her vocal range and melismatic singing style, she has been credited with helping to redefine R&B and soul music in the Philippines. She has been cited by media outlets as the country's "Queen of R&B".

Angeline Quinto

Angeline Quinto (born November 26, 1989) is a Filipino singer, actress, and television personality. Known for her vocal range and soulful singing style, Quinto's music has garnered critical praise for its lyrical content and themes of love, heartbreak, and empowerment. It has been featured in the soundtracks of films and television series in the Philippines.

American Airlines fleet

The following is a list of planes flown by American Airlines:
 American Airlines operates the following mainline aircraft:

Steffen Hofmann

Steffen Hofmann ( 9 September 1980 in Würzburg) is a former German football player and current official. He played mainly in Austria as midfielder for SK Rapid Wien. With 540 games he is a record player. In 2010 he became Bundesliga top scorer with 20 goals. He is now part of the executive committee of SK Rapid since November 2022. 
Through the youth clubs 1. FC Kirchheim and Würzburger FV he came to the youth department of FC Bayern Munich in 1996. There he was active until 1999. From 1999 to 2002 he was a member of Bayern's amateur squad. On 27 October 2001 (11th matchday) Hofmann made his debut in the Bundesliga . He came in as a substitute for Claudio Pizarro in the 90th minute versus 1. FC Köln.

2002 he moved to SK Rapid Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga. During the winter break of the 2005/06 season, Steffen Hofmann moved to the second division team TSV 1860 Munich. In July 2006 he returned to Rapid. After a injury he became a dominant figure in the team. In the 2009/10 season he became Austria's top scorer with 20 goals.No other midfielder in Austria had achieved this till that time. Hofmann's contract ended on 30 June 2018. After his contract expired, he ended his career. 

In September 2020 he became coach of SK Rapid Wien II as head coach. For the 2021/22 season, Patrick Jovanovic took over the head coaching position and Hofmann was assistance coach. In November 2021, he took over as interim head coach of the Rapids first team together with Thomas Hickersberger.

In January 2022, Hofmann left the Rapid II coaching staff and became Rapid's sports coordinator. Under President Alexander Wrabetz, he became a member of the executive board of SK Rapid in November 2022. Since December 2022 he has been managing director of SK Rapid GmbH. 

2024 Tasmanian state election

The 2024 Tasmanian state election will be held on 23 March 2024 to elect all 35 members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It will be conducted by the Tasmanian Electoral Commission (TEC).

Rochdale (UK Parliament constituency)

Rochdale is a seat represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament. It has elected one Member of Parliament (MP) since it was created in 1832.

The Rochdale constituency has above average unemployment and many people living in poverty. There is a significant British Asian community in the constituency. Since 1997, the constituency has also included the semi-rural suburb of Littleborough where there are fewer poor people.

It was represented by Tony Lloyd of the Labour Party until his death on 17 January 2024 and a by-election is to take place on 29 February 2024. He was first elected MP for this seat in 2017; previously, he had been the MP for Stretford and then Manchester Central from 1983 until his resignation from Parliament in 2012.

Azhar Ali was selected as the Labour Party candidate on 27 January 2024. He is the leader of the Labour group on Lancashire county council. He was a candidate for the Westminster seat of Pendle in 2015 and 2019. During the campaign, Ali came under fire over the content of a recording obtained by the "Daily Mail", in which he suggested at a meeting that Israel allowed the 7 October attacks to go ahead. When the recording was made public, Ali said he was wrong to say that and apologised. Following information about additional comments by Ali, Labour withdrew its support for Ali on 12 February, and the party will no longer devote resources to his campaign. Before this Ali had received abuse for Labour's position on Israel despite his own support for Palestine.

Former Labour and Respect Party MP George Galloway is standing for the Workers Party of Britain. He is focusing his campaign on support for Palestine. He was critical of Keir Starmer. His activism was criticised by Azhar Ali as divisive.

Simon Danczuk is the candidate for Reform UK. Danczuk was the Labour MP for Rochdale from 2010 until 2015, when he was suspended from the party after it emerged he had exchanged explicit messages with a 17-year-old girl. He then sat as an independent until the 2017 election where he ran for re-election as an independent but finished in fifth place with 1.8%, losing his deposit.

Iain Donaldson is the Liberal Democrat candidate. Donaldson was a councillor in Manchester for 19 years and worked as an administrator at the University of Manchester. He stated that his intentions would be to hold the government to account over the NHS, cost of living crisis, and tolerance of water pollution.

Guy Otten was initially selected as the Green Party candidate. On 7 February, however, after social media posts discussing Gaza and the Muslim faith he had made between 2013 and 2015 came to light, the party announced that they were no longer supporting him. Otten said that he would not campaign in the election.

There are four independent candidates. Michael Howarth is a local business owner who is campaigning on local issues and support for additional NHS funding. William Howarth is campaigning on issues related to the Rochdale child sex abuse ring and child sexual abuse at large. David Tully is campaigning on various local issues. Mark Coleman is a climate change activist and former vicar of Rochdale who is campaigning for "radical action on climate". He was jailed in April 2023 for his part in a Just Stop Oil protest in Bishopsgate, London. Despite running as an independent, he has the support of two local Labour Party officers. He formerly ran as a Green Party candidate for council elections in Liverpool.

Ernst Winkler

Ernst Winkler was an Austrian football player. He played at the beginning of the 20th century as forward for SC Rudolfshügel. In 1920 he became top scorer of the 1. Klasse, the then highest league in Austria, with 21 goals.

Jane Slaughter

Jane A Slaughter (born 1961) is an English actress and former ballet dancer. She is best known for portraying Tracey in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders".

Jane A Slaughter was born in Rochford, Essex, England in 1961, as the elder of two children to Michael William Slaughter (1939–1997) and Rosemary L Slaughter (née Parton; born 1942). Her younger sister is Fiona E Dixon (née Slaughter; born 1963).

Slaughter attended Elmhurst Ballet School, a private school in Birmingham, West Midlands. She graduated in 1978.

Slaughter made her professional career debut as a ballet dancer at the age of 14.

Slaughter made her debut as an actress on 5 October 1975, with the role of Petrova Fossil in the BBC One television adaptation of the novel "Ballet Shoes". She portrayed Bella in three episodes of the BBC One children's television series "Katy" in 1976. She portrayed Joanna in two episodes of the BBC Two drama "The History Man" in 1981.

Slaughter has portrayed Tracey (known to fans as Tracey the barmaid) in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" since 19 February 1985. Her character has worked as a barmaid at The Queen Victoria (The Queen Vic) public house since 1988, having worked on the flower stall in Bridge Street Market prior to her current job. She still owns the stall, but hires others to work on it. She was not credited in the role until episode 126 on 1 May 1986, which was the first episode in which her character spoke. Her character rarely speaks. In 2010, the character of Fatboy joked about her silence; "Don't talk to Tracey... as she goes on, and on, and on..." Her character was given her first storyline in 2015. She is the longest-serving character and cast member, with no breaks or temporary exits. She has admitted that she thought her character would be on the show for six months.

Slaughter has appeared in three "Children in Need" television spin-offs from "EastEnders"; "Dimensions in Time" on 27 November 1993, "Pudding Lane" on 26 November 1999 and "The Ghosts of Ian Beale" on 14 November 2014. She appeared in an episode of "EastEnders Revealed" on 31 March 2005.

Slaughter married her first husband, Anthony N King, in Surrey in October 1983, at the age of 22. They have two sons together; Oliver James King (born May 1988) and William George King (born February 1992). The couple later divorced.

Slaughter married Raymond Edward Tomkins on 2 October 2015. She gained two grown stepdaughters upon this marriage. The couple began a relationship on 9 January 2012.

Slaughter had a 26 year friendship with her former "EastEnders" co-star Dame Barbara Windsor prior to Windsor's death on 10 December 2020. The pair met at the BBC Elstree Centre in 1994. She participated in the London Marathon on 28 April 2019, as a member of Barbara's Revolutionaries, and on 23 April 2023, as a member of Babs' Army, both in Windsor's memory. Speaking to Dementia Revolution in January 2019, she said; "I run regularly but not very far so for me I'm daunted but excited. My mantra is one of support. Support Scott, support Barbara, support everybody who is living with this disease, in one way or another."

Star Wars (1991 video game)

Star Wars is a 1991 platform game made primarily by Lucasfilm Games.

Owner-occupancy

Owner-occupancy or home-ownership is a form of housing in which a person, called the owner-occupier, owner-occupant, or home owner, owns the home in which they live. The home can be a house, such as a single-family house, an apartment, condominium, or a housing cooperative. Owner-occupancy is also a real estate investment. The value of housing generally increases over time. 

Some homes are built by or for the people who want to live in them. Many are inherited. A large number are bought, as new homes from a real estate developer or as an existing home from a landlord or an owner-occupier.

A home is the most expensive single purchase most people make. It usually costs several year's household income. Most people do not have enough money to pay the entire amount outright. They borrow money using the home as security. This is called a mortgage. They have to pay interest on the loan. If they dont pay the lender can take their home. 

In many countries the government helps people to buy homes. There may be grants or subsidies. They may have to meet certain qualifications to get this help such as being a first-time homebuyer or having an income below a certain level.

They may have to pay property taxes, related to the value of the property, either every year, or when the property is sold.

"Source: Housing Finance Information Network (HOFINET)

Babyshambles

Babyshambles is a British indie rock band formed in 2003 by singer and guitarist Pete Doherty. The band gained significant attention due to Doherty's previous involvement with another notable British rock band, The Libertines, which he co-founded with Carl Barât.

Tied cottage

In the United Kingdom, a tied cottage is a dwelling (not always a cottage) owned by an employer for an employee to live in. If the employee leaves their job they may have to leave it. i. While the term originally applied mainly to cottages, it may be loosely applied to any tied accommodation from a small flat to a large house. The idea is generally associated with farming, but may occur in other jobs. It is still common in churches. It used to be common in the police, in railways, and in public parks. It gave employers great power over their workers.

The concept has been in use at least since the 18th century. There has been considerable debate, particularly in the 20th century, over whether the system is fair to occupiers, and a number of laws have been enacted or amended to improve their security of tenure. The concept still exists, though in a substantially different form from the original idea.

Home insurance

Home insurance is a type of insurance policy that covers losses and damages to the home and/or its contents. Home insurance protects homeowners from perils such as fire, flood, vandalism, theft, malicious damage, water, wind, hurricane, earthquake, the weight of snow, hail, and more. Insured perils and amount of coverage are listed in the policy documents. Coverage varies according to the type of policy. Some policies cover only the building, while some include contents. There are also other benefits that may be included in the homeowners insurance policy such as Additional Living Expenses, which is the added cost the insured incurs when using alternative accommodation if the home is uninhabitable.

The effects of climate change are pushing up the costs of home insurance. Extreme weather events such as storms, floods and wildfires have become more frequent and severe 

Songkok

The Songkok, also called Peci or Kopiah, is a hat worn by Muslim men in many Southeast Asian countries like Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, southern Philippines, and southern Thailand. It looks like a cone and is often made of black or fancy felt, cotton, or velvet. People wear it on special times like weddings, funerals, and holidays such as Eid ul-Fitr and Eid al-Adha. In Indonesia, it is also linked to the nationalist movement.

In Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula, it is called ""songkok"", while in Java, it is called ""kopiah"" or ""kopeah"". In Indonesia, it is usually called ""peci"", though the peci might be a bit different, being more oval-shaped and sometimes decorated.

The kopiah has been around for a long time. It was worn by special Majapahit soldiers in the past. The mention of kopiah goes back to the 16th century and was mentioned in Pigafetta's Italian-Malay vocabulary. In the epic Hikayat Iskandar Zulkarnain, written before 1600 AD, there's a part where someone wears a golden rosary kopiah.

Historians think the songkok became popular in the 13th century when Islam spread in the area. But the first written record of the word "songkok" is in "Syair Siti Zubaidah" from 1840. Traditionally, the special triangular Malay headgear, Tengkolok or destar, was worn by important people like nobles and kings. But the songkok later became connected with Islam, especially for Malay men.

The Royal Malay Regiment of the Malaysian Army has been wearing the songkok as part of their uniform since the time of British rule.

The songkok is worn by Muslim men for important events. In Indonesia, it became important because of a leader named Sukarno. He and other leaders like Mohammad Hatta and Agus Salim made the peci, another name for the songkok, popular. Sukarno even made the plain black velvet peci the official hat of Indonesia.

In Indonesia, presidents and palace guards wear the peci as part of their uniform. During the Indonesian Independence Day ceremony, a special group called Paskibraka wear it too. Some women wear a different kind of peci with a curved back.In Malaysia, men wear the songkok along with a shirt, pants, and waist wrap called baju melayu as their traditional dress. During meetings of the legislative assembly, all members wear the songkok with a gold stripe to show respect to the Head of State.

In Singapore, the songkok is not allowed in government schools because of the country's secular rules, but it's part of the uniform in Singaporean Islamic schools.

In the Philippines, the songkok, known as kopiah or kupya, is worn by Bangsamoro men and Muslim Filipinos. Some non-Muslim Lumad datu also wear the kopiah for prayers and social events.

Florence Griffith Joyner

Florence Delorez Griffith Joyner, also known as Flo-Jo, was an American track and field athlete who gained fame for her incredible speed. She set world records in 1988 for the 100m and 200m races. During the late 1980s, she became well-known not only for her athletic achievements but also for her unique personal style. 

Griffith Joyner grew up in California and showed athletic talent from a young age, participating in track meets as a child. She continued competing in track and field while attending California State University, Northridge and later the University of California, Los Angeles. She qualified for the 1980 Olympics in the 100m event, but was unable to compete due to the U.S. boycott. She made her Olympic debut in 1984, winning a silver medal in the 200m race at the Los Angeles Olympics. At the 1988 U.S. Olympic trials, Griffith set a new world record in the 100m sprint and went on to win three gold medals at the 1988 Olympics. Surprisingly, she retired from athletics in February 1989. Despite leaving the world of sports, she remained a prominent figure in popular culture.

Reinsurance

Reinsurance is insurance that an insurance company purchases from another insurance company to protect itself (at least in part) from the risks that are too big for itself, like a major disaster. With reinsurance, the company passes on ("cedes") some part of its own insurance liabilities to the other insurance company. The company that purchases the reinsurance policy is referred to as the "ceding company" or "cedent". The company issuing the reinsurance policy is referred to as the "reinsurer". In the classic case, reinsurance helps insurance companies to remain solvent after major claims events, like hurricanes or wildfires. 

The reinsurer may be either a specialist reinsurance company, which only undertakes reinsurance business, or another insurance company.

2023–24 Cleveland Cavaliers season

The 2023–24 Cleveland Cavaliers season is the 54th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They entered the season coming off a championship win in the NBA Summer League. They are lead by Donovan Mitchell.

The Cavaliers entered the draft with a second round pick. With the pick, they selected Emoni Bates from Eastern Michigan.
Trades:

William Monroe Trotter

William Monroe Trotter was an activist for African American civil rights. 

Mount Marapi

The Marapi, or Mount Marapi is a volcano in West Sumatra, Indonesia, and is the most active volcano in Sumatra. Just like Mount Merapi on Java, its name means "Mountain of Fire". Its elevation is . Many cities and towns are located around the mountain such as Bukittinggi, Padang Panjang, and Batusangkar. The volcano is also popular among hikers.

According to legend, the mountain is where the Minangkabau people first settled after their ship landed on the mountain when it was the size of an egg and surrounded by water. There are large numbers of burial stones in the region which are facing in the direction of the mountain, showing that it is important to their culture.

The volcano has a known history of eruptions. Marapi had a large eruption in September 1830. In January 1975 an eruption occurred with mudflows and lahars that caused fatalities in the surrounding area. A large eruption happened in 1979, which killed 60 people. At least one person was killed during an eruption in 1996. In April–May 2018 ashfalls to the southeast occurred.

Since 2011, the volcano has been at the second level of a four-tier alert system made by the Volcanological Survey of Indonesia. Predicting the volcano's behavior is hard because the source of its eruptions are shallow and near its peak, while its eruptions are not caused by a deep movement of magma that can be detected as volcanic earthquakes on seismic monitors. Even though there are common eruptions, there are about 1,400 people living on the mountain's slopes in the villages of Rubai and Gobah Cumantiang, which are about 5 to 6 kilometers from the summit.

On 3 December 2023, the volcano erupted, leaving 23 climbers dead. Three people were injured and rescued. The ash reached to a height of and fell in nearby regions. A exclusion zone was announced.

On 22 December, the volcano erupted again, shooting out volcanic ash that cancelled the flights at Minangkabau International Airport.

As of January 2024, at least 113 eruptions have happened on Marapi since its original activity in December, with the latest eruption occurring on 23 January. Ash has risen at least 1300 meters into the air and residents within 4.5 kilometers of the mountain have been recommended to leave their homes.

Miguel Bossio

Miguel Bossio (Born; February 17, 1968) is an Argentine journalist, writer and television presenter. He is currently part of Telefe, on the nightly news program Telefe Noticias.
For 18 years, Miguel worked as a sports journalist in the editorial office of the prestigious Clarín newspaper, where he left an indelible mark with his dedication and passion for sports.

In 2011, Miguel entered the world of television, where he found a new platform to express his talent and share information with the public. His ability to communicate clearly and passionately led him to be part of the team at the TN news channel, where he contributed his experience and professionalism.

Oxygen Green Party

The Oxygen Green Party is a political party in Colombia. 

Polypedates teraiensis

The common tree frog, six-lined tree frog, Terei tree frog, Teraiensis whipping frog, or perching frog ("Polypedates teraiensis") is a frog. It lives in Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, and Nepal, and scientists think it could also livein China. People have seen it between 40 and 1800 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in many kinds of places, including tree farms, forests, and paddy fields. The female frog makes a nest out of foam on a plant over water. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

Salam Farmandeh

Salam Farmandeh (Persian: سلام فرمانده, Peace be upon you, O commander) also referred to as 'Salam Ya Mahdi' is a propaganda song in the Persian language created by the Iranian musician Abuzar Rouhi, about Qasem Soleimani, Imam Mahdi, and Shiism which is performed commonly in large groups by young children around the world.
The song was released in March of 2022, a day before the Persian New Year (Farvardin 1401) on social media and started to become popular between the months of April and May of 2022. The song is targeted to younger generations such as Gen Z highlighting the contributions of the Islamic Revolution to them and promoting ideologies of the Islamic Revolution to them.

Many westerners see the song as propaganda to push the narratives of the Islamic Republic and promote martyrdom.

Ben Champniss

Ben Champniss (born 20 September 1984) is an English actor and musician. He is best known for portraying Shrimpy in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders".

Ben Champniss was born in Dacorum, Hertfordshire, England on 20 September 1984, as the younger of two sons to Terence Alan "Terry" Champniss (1958–2010) and Jacqueline Champniss (née Hosier).

Champniss attended Ashlyns School. He graduated with two A Levels in music film and in drama and theatre studies film, and two GCSEs in music film and in drama film.

Champniss made his debut as an actor on 14 July 2000, with an uncredited role in the American superhero film "X-Men". He made an uncredited appearance in the 2011 fantasy film "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2". He made an uncredited appearance in the 2011 romantic drama film "One Day". He made an uncredited appearance in the 2012 American science fiction action-adventure film "John Carter". Champniss made an uncredited appearance in the 2013 biographical television film "An Adventure in Time and Space".

Champniss made his credited acting debut on 15 October 2013, with the role of Rent Boy in the BBC Two comedy-drama series "The Wrong Mans".

Champniss joined the cast of the BBC One soap opera "EastEnders" on 14 April 2014, with the role of market trader Shrimpy. He was not credited in the role until episode 5155 on 15 October 2015.

Champniss is also as a self employed musician.

Champniss has been married to Georgia Jennings since 12 May 2018. The couple got engaged in Greece in June 2016. They have a son, Freddie Robert, who was born on 24 July 2021.

John Mensah

John Mensah (born November 29, 1982) is a former Ghanaian professional footballer who last played as a defender for AFC United in the Swedish second-tier. Regarded as one of the best African defenders in football, Ghanaians loved to call John "The Rock of Gibraltar" because of his immense strength and his incredible man-marking abilities. A center-half by choice, he is also adept at right-back and has played in both positions for his national side, also captaining the team on occasions. 
In the summer of 1999 he moved from MBC Accra to Bologna and joined the youth teams, in January 2000 he was loaned to Bellinzona to gain experience in the Swiss cadet series.

He moved to Genoa for the 2001-2002 Serie B season, under the management of Riccardo Sogliano and under the guidance of Franco Scoglio, collecting 24 appearances and 3 goals. At the end of the season, the then president of Genoa Luigi Dalla Costa did not exercise the right of redemption and the player moved to ChievoVerona of president Luca Campedelli who bought him permanently.

In his first season in Serie A, he took the field on a few occasions; the same fate also in the following season and then in January he was loaned to Modena until the end of the championship: here he found little space taking the field 6 times.

In the first two seasons, he made 13 appearances. And, during the season, Obuasi's defender went on loan to Modena, a club that in the meantime was in Serie A. Six appearances in six months, then a return to Chievo.

He returned to Chievo Verona for the 2004-2005 season, where he played consistently late in the season, under the guidance of coach Mario Beretta.

In the following season he went back to Serie B in the ranks of Cremonese; after the relegation of his team, he moved to French football purchased by Rennes.

In the summer of 2008 he moved to Olympique Lyonnais, and then moved to the Premier League the following year in the ranks of Sunderland. At the end of the season he returned to Lyon but the two clubs agreed on a new annual loan for the sum of €500,000 with an option to buy, mandatory after 25 appearances, of €5.5 million. 

On 2 July 2012, he terminated his contract with Lyon until June 2013. On 14 September, he joined West Ham on a trial run alongside Mikaël Silvestre and Anthony Vanden Borre. Although at first, unlike Silvestre and Vanden Borre, the Hammers seemed intent on signing him, on 22 September 2012 manager Sam Allardyce declared that he had decided not to sign him.

In 2012 he returned to his homeland where he signed a contract with Ghanaian side Accra Hearts of Oak Sporting Club, but on 2 January 2013 he was re-signed on a six-month contract by Rennes. In 2013-2014 he had a parenthesis in his homeland and one in Slovakia, at Nitra. After a period of inactivity, Mensah signed in March 2016 with AFC United, a team in the second Swedish league.

In 2001, John Mensah was selected to participate in the World Junior Championships (U20) with his country. Ghana reached the final by eliminating Brazil (with a goal from John Mensah), but lost to Argentina. Several elements of this generation played, such as Mensah, who went on to play for the national team, such as Sulley Muntari and Michael Essien. He made his debut for the Black Stars senior in December 2001 against Algeria.

Also with the Ghanaian youth team, he participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.

This same Ghanaian generation qualified the country for the first World Cup in its history and travelled to Germany in June 2006 under Serbian coach Ratomir Dujkovic. Ghana came out on top of the competition in the round of 16, eliminated by Brazil.

In 2008, he took part in the Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) held in Ghana. His team lost in the semi-finals to Cameroon and eventually finished third in the competition thanks to a final victory over Côte d'Ivoire in the small final (4-2). In 2010, he flew with the Ghana national team for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. Ghana made it to the quarter-finals but lost on penalties to Uruguay, while Mensah's shot was saved. Mensah scored his first goal ever for Ghana against Sudan in 2011, In December 2011, Mensah was named to the Ghana's squad for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations, which was co-hosted by Equatorial Guinea and Gabon. In a match against Botswana on 24 January 2012, he scored his first goal of the tournament, but was sent–off in the 66th minute, in a 1–0 win. After serving a one match suspension, he didn't return until on 5 February 2012 when Mensah scored his second goal of the tournament, in a 2–1 win against Tunisia. He went on to play three times in tournament, as Ghana finished fourth place following a 2–0 defeat to Mali. Despite this, Mensah was included in the Confederation of African Football All-Stars team for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations. It was not until on 15 August 2012 when he made his last Ghana appearance and played 45 minutes, in a 1–1 draw against China.

Following this, Mensah never played for the national team again despite calls from peers to convince Ghana to call him up. Throughout his international career at Ghana, Mensah has been a regular for the national team, playing almost every match since, rising in the rank of importance to become the assistant-captain and captain of the national team, earning 86 cap and scoring three times.
Ghana U20
Ghana

Individual


Organ trade

Organ trade means treating human organs as a product, and trading with them, usually to make a profit. In many cases, the traded organs are used for transplantation. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), organ trade is a commercial transplantation where there is a profit, or transplantations that occur outside of national medical systems. There is a global need or demand for healthy body parts for transplantation, which exceeds the numbers available. 

, there are more than 100,000 people waiting for an organ transplant in the United States. The median wait time for heart and liver transplants in the U.S. between 2003 and 2014, was approximately 148 days. Average time waiting for donor organs varies significantly depending on the patient's UNOS status. Patients listed as Heart Status A1 wait an average of 73 days. Like with other medical subjects, many countries have regulations, how organs can be donated, and how these donated organs have to be transferred from one person to the other. Also, if it is used for transplantation, the organ transferred needs to be kept alive. Often, this requires a lot of technology. Also, the time an organ can survive outside the body is limited, which means that the distances that can be covered are limited.

There is a worldwide shortage of organs available for transplantation. Despite this, the commercial trade of human organs is illegal in all countries except Iran. Despite these prohibitions, organ trafficking and transplant tourism are widespread. The question of whether to legalize and regulate the organ trade to fight against illegal trafficking and organ shortage is greatly debated. This discussion typically centers on the sale of kidneys by living donors, since human beings are born with two kidneys but need only one to survive.

Trading with organs also raises a number of issues that need to be addressed:


People can give (or donate) their organs, willingly, and they will be given to another person. In many cases, this happens after their death. The organs are transferred according ot strict rule. Usually the transfer is supervised by state institutions, or medical staff. The patient recieving the organ will only have to pay a small part of the cost, the state will take most of it. 

There are many people waitng for an organ. Depending on the organ, and the conditions, high profits can be made with selling organs. There are organized groups that trade with organs. One method is to make a poor person in an underdeveloped country agree to sell an organ. That organ can be sold in a rich country, for considerable profit. In some cases, the perople aren't asked and their organs are simply taken without their permission. 

Emmanuel Amunike

Emmanuel Amunike (born 25 December 1970) is a Nigerian professional football manager and former professional football player who played as a winger.

Zamalek

Sporting CP

Barcelona

Nigeria

Individual

Nigeria U17

Philip R. Rosendahl

Philip R. Rosendahl (1893–1974) was the acting governor of the Danish colony of Greenland from 1925 to 1928 and the governor from 1929 to 1939. A journalist by trade, he moved to Greenland in 1913, and began a lifelong career in the politics of the territory. From 1939 to 1950

Union City

Union City is the name of several places:


Chris McCarrell

Chris McCarrell is an American theater actor and singer. Chis was born on January the 9th, 1991. Chris also plays as Percy Jackson in the Broadway musical Percy Jackson and The Lightning Thief.

Baulkham Hills High School

Baulkham Hills High School is a school. It is located in Baulkham Hills in New South Wales, Australia.

The principal is Wayne Humphreys. The school has a history of academic achievement In 2010, the school was ranked the most popular school in NSW for high school applications.

Leithfield

Leithfield is a small town in the Hurunui District, New Zealand. It is situated 5 kilometers south of Amberley and 42 kilometers north of Christchurch on State Highway 1. It has a primary school located in the town and lies south of the Kowai River.

Army of Islam

Jaysh al-Islam ( Jaysh al-Islam) is a jihadist militant group inside of the Gaza Strip. The group was founded by the Doghmush family in the year 2006, and are based in the neighbourhood of Tzabra. The group has been designated a terrorist group by the US and UAE due to being a affiliate of Al-Qaeda.

According the government of the United States, the group follows the sect of Salafism and mixes the ideologies of global jihad and Palestinian armed resistance against the zionist entity together. The group has attempted to contact Al-Qaeda and after the death of Osama bin Laden, they praised him as a martyr.

The group was linked to the 2011 Alexandria Bombing inside of a church which resulted in 23 deaths. The Interior Minister of Egypt said on the 23rd of January 2011 that the group planned and executed the attack. The group denied responsibility for the attack but supported the bombing.

Madrid derby

The Madrid Derby is a match between Real Madrid CF and Atlético Madrid. Both clubs are from Madrid in Spain, making this a famous rivalry.

The last rivalry faced between the two clubs, Atletico Madrid won 4-2 in extra time due to a goal by Riquelme.

Winterhawk

Winterhawk is a 1975 American western movie directed by Charles B. Pierce and starring Leif Erickson, Woody Strode, Denver Pyle, L. Q. Jones, Elisha Cook Jr., Seamon Glass, Ace Powell, Dawn Wells. It was distributed by Howco International Pictures.


35 Biggest Hits

35 Biggest Hits is a 2008 compilation album by country singer Toby Keith. It was released on 6 May, 2008. It went to number 1 in the United States and number 17 in Canada.

Kaitaia

Kaitaia is a town in the Far North District of the North Island. It is about 160 kilometers northwest of Whangārei and is the last major town on the way to Cape Reinga on State Highway 1. It has 7 schools including Kaitaia College. It has a warm climate in New Zealand and suffers from frequent droughts in the 2009/10 and 2019/20 summers. It thrives on wine and honey industry and beef farming.

Adarsh Gunduraj

Adarsh Gunduraj ("Adarsh Kaginere") is an Indian actor, film producer, and chartered accountant. He started his acting career in the movie Yeh Dil Ramta Jogi, but most of his work is in Kannada cinema. He gained recognition for his role in Swartharatna (2018) and became famous for his performance in 2nd Life (2022).

Adarsh is notable for being the first chartered accountant to take on leading roles in Kannada cinema.

Adarsh Gunduraj was born in Hongadahalla Village, Sakleshpura Taluk, Hassan District, Karnataka. His dad, Gunduraj K P, is a farmer and businessman, and his mom is Yashoda D M.

Adarsh went to Govt Primary School, Hongadahalla, Sakleshpura for primary school and Vidyadayini High School, Surathkal Mangalore for secondary school. He then studied at Govindadasa College of Mangalore University, where he earned a bachelor's degree in BCom. Later, he completed his MCom from Karnataka State Open University, Mysore. He also became a chartered accountant from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.

Adarsh media career began with TV advertisements and made his debut in Hindi film "Yeh Dil Ramta Jogi" (2014) as a guest role but in 2018 he gained fame for his lead role in "Swartharatna".

In 2022 under "Jayanna Combines Films" and "Shukra Films" he acted in "2nd Life", a mystery thriller highlighting the importance of stem cells.

He owns a film production company called Running Horse Creations, which is credited with "Swartharatna" (2018).

Barack Obama citizenship conspiracy theories

People think Obama was not born in Hawaii but in Kenya they wanted to throw him of the president title. Even though he presented his birth certificate and information from the hospital they still denied it and tried getting impeached. Trump started many rumours over the course of 5 years and never apologised

Santa Luzia, Paraíba

Santa Luzia is a municipality in the state of Paraíba in the Northeast Region of Brazil.


Singkil

Singkil (Jawi: سيڠكيل) is a folk dance from the Philippines. It comes from the Maranao Muslim people who live near Lake Lanao in Mindanao. It's called the royal dance because it's like a dance for a prince and princess. They move gracefully between bamboo poles that people clap together to make music. The man usually holds a sword and shield, while the woman twirls fans in a beautiful way.

This dance gets its name from the bells on the ankles of the Maranao princess called ""Singkil"". It's always performed with a special kind of music played on "kulintang" and "agung" instruments. Singkil has changed over time, especially when the "Bayanihan folk dance group" added parts of the Darangen epic story, like the tale of Prince Bantugan and Princess Gandingan.

Singkil's beginnings are uncertain, but it's a newer tradition among the Maranao people. Some say it started in Basak and spread to other villages in the 1930s, while others believe it came to Lanao from Cotabato. It's thought to have begun when folk dancing was introduced in Lanao's schools in the early 1900s.

Henrietta Hofer-Ele was one of the first to study the dance, which she saw in Marawi. With the help of Princess Tarhata Alonto-Lucman, she learned the dance's movements involving fans. Later, the Bayanihan Philippine National Folk Dance Company performed it as a special dance.

Bayanihan expanded Singkil with more characters, like warriors and a prince. They included parts of the Darangen epic, where Prince Bantugan saves Princess Gandingan during an earthquake.

In the dance, the lead female dancer represents Princess Gandingan, showing a story from the Darangen epic. She dances alone between bamboo poles while others use fans and play the role of Prince Bantugan.

Some people criticized Bayanihan's performance, saying it didn't match Maranao traditions, especially by calling it a royal dance. Bayanihan has since made changes, describing their dance as inspired by the Maranao epic Darangen. They now follow Maranao Islamic customs more closely, like having male dancers wear long-sleeved shirts.

The singkil is one of the most popular dances in the Philippines. It involves bamboo poles and fast footwork. It tells a story about a princess lost in a stormy forest and the prince who rescues her. A woman wears a colorful gown and acts as the princess. She holds two fans and wears ankle bells called singkil, which gives the dance its name. Servants dance around her and hold a umbrella to protect her. The storm begins with four men acting as angry monkeys, banging bamboo poles on the floor. The princess and her servants dance between the poles without touching them. The storm gets worse, and the bamboo poles move faster, making it hard to hear the singkil bells. The dance ends when the prince scares away the storm.

77th British Academy Film Awards

The 77th British Academy Film Awards, commonly known as the BAFTAs, was an award ceremony honouring the best national and foreign movies of 2023. It was held at the Royal Festival Hall within London's Southbank Centre on 18 February 2024.

The ceremony's host is David Tennant, who hosted it for the first time.

The BAFTA longlists were revealed on 5 January 2024. The nominations were announced on 18 January. "Oppenheimer" received thirteen nominations, followed by "Poor Things" and "Killers of the Flower Moon" with eleven and nine respectively. "Oppenheimer" had the most awards with seven wins, followed by "Poor Things" with five.

Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface.

"Barbie", "Killers of the Flower Moon" and "Oppenheimer" led the longlists with fifteen nods each, which was the same amount of nods that "All Quiet on the Western Front" (2022) received at the previous ceremony. "Poor Things" and "Maestro" followed up with fourteen and twelve nods respectively. "Oppenheimer" eventually received thirteen nominations while "Poor Things" and "Killers of the Flower Moon" obtained eleven and nine respectively. "Barbie" had only received five nominations, which did not include Best Film and Best Director (Greta Gerwig).

The ceremony was streamed live on BBC One and iPlayer in the United Kingdom, and on BritBox International in Canada, Denmark, Finland, Norway, South Africa, Sweden, and the United States.

Argylle

Argylle is a 2024 spy action comedy movie. The movie was directed and produced by Matthew Vaughn and authored by Jason Fuchs. The movie is planned to be released on Apple TV+ on a later date. 

 

Eske Brun

Eske Brun (May 25, 1904 – October 11, 1987) was a high civil servant in and later governor of Greenland and in relation to Greenland from 1932 to 1964. Eske Brun was buried in the Humlebæk Cemetery, Zealand, Denmark, following his death on October 11, 1987, in Soelleroed, Zealand, Denmark. No document revealing Eske Brun's cause of death has ever been uncovered.

The Heart Part 5

The Heart Part 5 is a song by the rapper Kendrick Lamar. It was released as a surprise on the 8th of May 2022. It is the 5th part of his series called "The Heart" with part 4 releasing in 2017.

Vikkstar

Vikram Singh Barn (born 2 August 1995), better known as Vikkstar123, is an English YouTuber, Internet personality, DJ and music producer. He is a member of the YouTube group the Sidemen.

Polypedates zed

The Nepalese tree frog or Narayanghat whipping frog ("Polypedates zed") is a frog. It lives in Nepal. Scientists think it also lives in India. People have seen it between 100 and 300 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests.

Control group

Control group in a science experiment is like a special group that helps us understand the effects of what we're testing. It's kept separate to make sure that changes we make don't mess up our results. This way, we can be more certain about what's really causing things to happen.

Imagine you have a garden and you want to see if a new type of fertilizer makes your plants grow taller. To find out, you decide to do an experiment.

In your experiment, you have two groups of plants. One group gets the new fertilizer, and the other group doesn't get any fertilizer at all. The group that doesn't get any fertilizer is called the "control group."

Now, think of the control group as the standard or normal group. Since they don't get the new fertilizer, you can compare how the plants in this group grow naturally without any special treatment.

By having a control group, you can see if the changes in the group that got the new fertilizer are because of the fertilizer itself or if it's just how plants naturally grow. It helps scientists make sure that any differences they see are really because of what they're testing and not just random variations. So, the control group is like the baseline that helps us understand if something new really makes a difference.

There are two types of control groups: "positive" and "negative".
The terms "positive control group" and "negative control group" refer to two different types of control groups used in experiments.

This group is not expected to show any significant response or effect.
It helps to ensure that the experimental setup is not causing unexpected changes on its own.
It provides a baseline to compare with the experimental group, helping researchers confirm that any observed effects are due to the specific treatment being tested.
Example: In a medicine test, a negative control group might receive a placebo (a fake treatment with no active ingredients). If the placebo group shows no improvement, it suggests that any improvement in the actual treatment group is likely due to the treatment itself and not just the act of receiving any treatment.

This group is expected to show a known and significant response.
It helps to 
validate that the experimental setup is capable of producing the expected effects.
It serves as a comparison to the experimental group, indicating whether the experimental treatment is performing as expected.

In a medicine test, a positive control group might receive a well-established and effective medication. If this group responds positively, it ensures that the experimental setup is capable of detecting a treatment effect. It also provides a benchmark to compare the effectiveness of the new treatment.

In summary, the terms "positive" and "negative" refer to the expected outcomes in these control groups. "Negative" means no significant effect is expected, while "positive" means a known and significant effect is anticipated. Both types of control groups help ensure the reliability and validity of experimental results.

Bob Moore (American food executive)

Robert Gene Moore (February 15, 1929 – February 10, 2024) was an American food executive, who, along with his wife Charlee, founded Bob's Red Mill, a brand of whole-grain foods and baking products, in 1978. An illustration of Moore's face is found on all of the company's products, alongside the salutation "To Your Good Health". He died at his home in Milwaukie, Oregon on February 10, 2024, five days before his 95th birthday.
Brampton Beast

The Brampton Beast were a Canadian professional ice hockey team. They began playing in 2013 in the Central Hockey League (CHL). The team last played in the ECHL. They played their home games in Brampton, Ontario at the CAA Centre.

On January 23, 2013, it was announced that the Central Hockey League Board of Directors had approved a CHL expansion team to Brampton, Ontario. On April 10, it was announced that team would be called the Brampton Beast after the name to as chosen in a name-the-team contest.

In 2014, the CHL would end up going out of business. In October 2014, the Beast, Allen Americans, Missouri Mavericks, Quad City Mallards, Rapid City Rush, Tulsa Oilers and Wichita Thunder would all be accepted as new teams in the ECHL. 

On October 24, 2014, the team would play their first game in the ECHL. They would be defeated by the Toledo Walleye 6–3.

On March 9, 2016, Brampton city council approved a three-year; $1.5 million sponsorship agreement for the Powerade Centre and it's losses financially after the Beast threatened to stop playing the next season.

They were the ECHL affiliate for the NHL's Montreal Canadiens from 2015 until 2019 and the Ottawa Senators from 2019 until 2020.

The team announced that it would not play the 2020-21 season because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The team would never come back and would announce on February 18, 2021 that they had stopped playing entirely.


Abies amabilis

Abies amabilis, or Pacific silver fir is a large evergreen conifer that grows up to 30–45 meters tall and has a trunk diameter of up to 1.2 m. Its bark is light grey, thin, and covered with resin blisters, while older trees darken and develop scales and furrows. The leaves are needle-like, flattened, and have a spiral leaf arrangement. The shoots are orange-red with dense velvety pubescence, and the cones are 9–17 cm long and 4–6 cm broad, dark purple before maturity. The winged seeds are released when the cones disintegrate at maturity about 6–7 months after pollination.

The tree can live to over 400 years old and is closely related to Maries' fir A. mariesii from Japan. It is native to the Pacific Northwest of North America, occurring in the Pacific Coast Ranges and the Cascade Range from the extreme southeast of Alaska, through western British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, to the extreme northwest of California. It grows from sea level to 1,000 m in the north and 610–2,000 m in the south.

Pacific silver fir is found in temperate rainforests with high precipitation and cool, humid summers, growing in dense stands and prospering in shade and snow. Common associate trees include western hemlock, Douglas-fir, and California buckeye. Although its thin bark makes it susceptible to fire, slow-growing saplings succeed less shade-tolerant species.

Indigenous Nations, including the Nuxalk, Haisla, and Kitasoo Nations, used Abies amabilis or Silver Fir for medicinal purposes and entered into nourishing relationships with this plant. Seeds were not brought to England for cultivation until the 19th century, with David Douglas responsible for transporting seed abroad in 1825. The soft and not very strong wood of Pacific silver fir was used for paper making, packing crates, and other cheap construction work.

IslamQA.info

Islam Q&A is an Islamic website that offers answers about the Salafi creed using Quran and Hadith approved by its founder and current leaderMuhammad Al-Munajjid.

The website was one of the first websites to offer Islamic rulings, if not the first. The launch of the website in 1997 by Muhammad Al-Munajjid led the beginning of an attempt to answer question according to the Sunni views of the Quran and Hadith. The website says that "All questions and answers on this site have been prepared, approved, revised, edited, amended or annotated by Shaykh Muhammad Saalih al-Munajjid, the supervisor of this site."

The website is available in 16 different languages which are: 

English

العربية

اُردُو

हिन्दी

Türkçe

Deutsch

বাংলা

漢語

Pусский 

Français

Español
The website provides religious rulings on basic principles of faith, etiquette, morals, history, and poltics.
The website's goal is to be an encyclopedia about Islam.

The website was banned in Saudi Arabia as it was issuing religious rulings independently. In Saudi Arabia, the kingdom's is the only group that can issue religious rulings. The council was given this exclusive permission in a royal proclamation in August 2010 (restrictions were in place since 2005, but they were usually unenforced); which was seen as "the latest example of how the state is working to assert its primacy over the country’s religious establishment."

Red alder

"Alnus rubra", or red alder, is a deciduous broadleaf tree native to western North America. It is the largest species of alder in North America and one of the largest in the world. It can get to heights of 20 to 30 meters. 

The male flowers are dangling reddish catkins, while female flowers occur in clusters of 4 to 6 (8). They develop into small, woody, cone-like oval dry fruit.

The seeds develop between the woody bracts of the 'cones' and are shed in late autumn and winter. Red alder seeds have a membranous winged margin that allows long-distance dispersal. The species can live up to 60 years before being seriously afflicted by heart rot.

The name "red alder" comes from the bright rusty red color in bruised or scraped bark. It grows from Southeast Alaska to central coastal California, mostly within about 200 kilometers of the Pacific coast. In moist forest areas, it covers former burns or clearcuts, often preventing the establishment of conifers.

The tree hosts the nitrogen-fixing actinomycete "Frankia" in nodules on roots. This helps if grow in nitrogen-poor soils and so makes it an important early colonizer of disturbed forests and river areas. Alder leaves, shed in the fall, decay readily to form a nitrogen-enriched humus.

1915-16 Austrian football championship

The 1915-16 Austrian football championship was organized by the Lower Austrian Football Association. Although there were originally four championships in the Austria-Hungary empire during the First World War only the first class of the NFV was played as a war championship. There was no relegation.

To secure a properly championship some new decisions regarding transfers were made. Players only had to be registered with a new club for 8 days (coming from non-association clubs) or 14 days (coming from association clubs). Then they were allowed to play championshipmatches. 

P. C. Richard &amp; Son

P.C. Richard & Son is the largest family owned electronics, television, and mattress store chain inside of the United States. Its 66 stores are located in the states of New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, and Pennsylvania. The majority of their stores are located in the boroughs of Long Island, Queens, and Brooklyn. The company is well known for its trademarked whistle jingle made by Soundsmith worker Leer Leary. The sound is used by New York Yankees after hitting a goal at the Yankee Stadium. The sound is also used by the Long Island Ducks when they hit a goal.

City of Brisbane

The City of Brisbane is a local government area (LGA) in South East Queensland that includes the majority of Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland.

Unlike other capital cities in Australia where the LGA with the city's name in it only represents the inner-city suburbs located in a small part of the central business district, the City of Brisbane is unique because it represents a large portion of the Brisbane metropolitan area. Because of this, it is the most populous local government area in Australia. The other local government areas in Brisbane are the City of Logan in the southwest, the City of Moreton Bay in the north, and the City of Redland in the southeast.

The City of Brisbane is administered by the Brisbane City Council, which meets at Brisbane City Hall. The head of the Brisbane City Council is the Lord Mayor, currently Adrian Schrinner of the Liberal National Party (LNP). Unlike other councils in Australia, the Brisbane City Council acts similar to a mini state parliament, with a formal structure similar to that of a parliament, as well as single-member constituencies called wards that have names and are elected like state electoral districts. Like all councils in Australia, the Brisbane City Council is unicameral, meaning it only has one chamber.

The Quiet Family

The Quiet Family () is a 1998 South Korean British black comedy horror movie directed by first time director Kim Jee-woon. It stars Park In-hwan, Na Moon-hee, Song Kang-ho, Choi Min-sik, Gi Ju-bong, Choi Cheol-ho, Jung Woong-in and Jung Jae-young. It has been remade in Japanese and in Indian languages.


South East Queensland

South East Queensland (SEQ) is a conurbation and region in the Australian state of Queensland, located in the southeastern corner of the state.

The region can be defined in many different ways, but it always includes the three largest cities in the state: Brisbane, the Gold Coast and the Sunshine Coast, as well as the city of Ipswich. It is the third-largest metropolitan area in Australia after Greater Sydney and Greater Melbourne.

In a very broad definition of South East Queensland, it can include the following cities:


It also can include nearby towns, such as Beaudesert and Esk.

Love Hurts

"Love Hurts" is a 1960 song by The Everly Brothers and was taken from their fourth studio album "A Date with the Everly Brothers". It was covered by Roy Orbison in 1961 and went to number 5 in Australia. It was covered again by Scottish rock band Nazareth in 1974 as a hard rock and blues rock track and went to number 8 in the United States, number 41 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in New Zealand and topped the single charts in South Africa, Canada, the Netherlands, Norway and Belgium. It was covered by Cher as the title track to her 20th studio album "Love Hurts".

Master and Servant

"Master and Servant" is a 1984 song by British band Depeche Mode and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Some Great Reward". It went to number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 87 in the United States, number 8 in Switzerland, number 6 in Ireland and Belgium, number 4 in Denmark, number 7 in Sweden and number 13 in the Netherlands.

All tracks written by Martin L. Gore.





Track 1 was re-released on the 2- and 3-disc CD versions of "Remixes 81–04", while track 2 only appears on the 3-disc version.




Released as part of the "2 (Singles 7–12)" box set.

Mexican drug war

Mexican drug war or The Cartel Attacks is a serious of drug attacks and terror between the borders of United States and Mexico.

Orari, New Zealand

Orari is a small settlement in the Timaru District, New Zealand. It is roughly halfway between Ashburton and Timaru on State Highway and is situated 8 kilometers east of Geraldine. It had a primary school that closed in 2004 and had less than 600mm of rain recorded in 2014 and 2015. It has a racecourse.

Otto Necas

Otto Necas was an Austrian football player and manager. He played as striker mainly for SC Rudolfshügel. After the end of his playing career he became manager.
He played with 1. Simmeringer SC in the 1913/14 season. Then he moved to SC Rudolfshügel. There he played between 1915 and 1925. In the 1915–16 Austrian championship he was third in the top scorer list. Besides SC Rudolfshügel, he played played for ASV Hertha Wien in the 1918-19 season .

In 1917 he played for the team of Lower-Austria against Bohemia. 1918 he played for the Vienna selection against Kraków.

As manager he worked in Yugoslavia for FK Vojvodina. Before he coached for a brief period SK Soko a club from the from the capital Belgrade. 1930-31 he was manager of FC Metz in France.

Josef Herschl

Josef Herschl (16 June 1897 - 13 July 1960) was an Austrian footballer. He played in the 1910s as goalkeeper. 
Hersch played for VfB Mödling, Fünfhaus and SK Rapid Wien as goalkeeper. In the 1915-1916 season he became Austrian champion with SK Rapid Wien.
Austrian championː 1916

Tony Yeboah

Anthony Yeboah (born 6 June 1966) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer who played as a striker. Considered one of the best Ghanaian players of all time. He was a striker gifted with speed, power and a good eye for goal. Yeboah was an all-action centre-forward, with the physicality to ruffle defenders at will and the technique to score wonder goals almost every other week. At 5ft 11ins tall, Yeboah had everything a top striker required - pace, power, tenacity and clinical finishing.

In adult football, he made his debut in 1982 with performances for "Asante Kotoko", after which he played in his homeland for the "Cornerstones" and "Okwavu United" clubs, becoming the two-time top scorer of the Ghana championship with the last club.

In 1988, Tony went to Germany, where he signed a contract with Saarbrücken, which played in the Second Bundesliga, where he spent the next two seasons.

With his game for Saarbruecken, he attracted the attention of representatives of the coaching staff of the Eintracht club from the First Bundesliga, which he joined in the summer of 1990. He played the next five seasons of his playing career for the Frankfurt club. Most of his time with Eintracht (Frankfurt am Main), he was the main player in the attacking link of the team and one of the main scorers of the team, averaging 0.55 goals per game in the championship, as well as becoming the best two years in a row scorer of the Bundesliga.

During 1995-1997, he defended the colors of the English club "Leeds United" and in 1996 was named the best player of the club.

In the summer of 1997, Yeboah returned to Germany and signed a contract with Hamburg , where he spent the next four years of his playing career. While playing for Hamburg, he also mostly appeared on the field as part of the main team, but he no longer showed his former performance.

He finished his professional playing career in the club "Al-Ittihad" (Doha), for which team he played during 2001-2002 and helped his club win the Qatar championship and the Cup of the Emir of Qatar that season.
He was a member of Ghana's national team for over ten years, and represented his country at three Africa Cup of Nations during the 1990s. Yeboah scored 29 goals in 59 appearances for Ghana, the fourth highest goalscoring total in the nation's history behind Asamoah Gyan, Edward Acquah and Kwasi Owusu.

On 3 November 2008, he was appointed as the new chairman of the newly promoted Ghana Premier League club Berekum Chelsea.

Yeboah along with his cousin former Mainz player Michael Osei runs an international sports agency called "Anthony Yeboah Sportpromotion" and owns a chain of hotels in Ghana (Accra, Kumasi) called "Yegoala". He is married and has two children.

His nephew, Kelvin Yeboah, is also a professional footballer.

"African Cup of Nations only."

Asante Kotoko

Leeds United

Al Ittihad

Ghana

Individual

Death Race 2

Death Race 2 is a 2010 American science fiction action film directed by Roel Reiné and written by Tony Gigilo and Paul W.S Anderson, and second installment in Death Race film series. The film is a prequel to Death Race (2008), and tells about the origin of Frankenstein, and how the name Death Match changed to Death Race.

The film was released on direct-to-video on December 27, 2010. A sequel, Death Race 3: Inferno, was released in direct-to-video on January 22, 2013.

Pleuropholis

Pleuropholis is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish belonging to the Pleuropholidae. Fossils have been found in Europe and North America. It lived between the Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous (Kimmeridgian-Albian, about 155-110 million years ago). The type species is Pleuropholis crassicauda.

"Pleuropholis" was a small, sardine-like fish, usually no more than 10cm or four inches long in total length. It had a slender body elongated head and a rounded snout. The mouth was moderately deep and the eyes were large. The dorsal fin was far away. It had scales with serrated edges.

Species of the genus "Pleuropholis":


"Pleuropholis" is a fish that inhabited shallow lagoons and brackish and marine waters. It also fed on small organisms.



Charles Akonnor

Charles Kwabla Akonnor (born 12 March 1974) is a Ghanaian football manager and former player who most recently managed the Ghana national team. A former midfielder, he spent most of his club career in Germany. He made 51 appearances for the Ghana national team scoring 13 goals.

Ghana


Dreams


Asante Kotoko


Individual


Notes


Adnan Al Talyani

Adnan Al Talyani is the 2nd top scorer of the United Arab Emirates with first being Ali Ahmed Mabkhout, with 72+ goals, but Adnan having 52 gets him a comfortable second place.

Randai

Randai (Jawi: رنداي) is a traditional theater show of the Minangkabau people in West Sumatra, Indonesia. It includes music, singing, dance, drama, and the martial art of silat. Usually, Randai is performed during special events and festivals, like Eid al-fitr, with long stories that go on for many nights. The performances are done in a circle to make everyone feel equal and connected.

Randai combines martial arts moves, songs, and dramatic scenes, often using Minangkabau stories and legends for its stories. Leading the performance is a person called the "panggoreh", who guides the moves and sets the pace with vocal cues called dendang or Gurindam. This makes sure that the Randai goes smoothly and in rhythm. Since a Randai story can last from 1 to 5 hours or more, if the panggoreh gets tired, someone else might take over.

In West Sumatra, there are different names for randai depending on the story, main character, and where it comes from. One known name is "Randai Maalah Kapa Tujuah", which comes from Harau district in Limapuluh Kota Regency. The story is about Anggun Nan Tungga Magek Si Jabang and focuses on a hero. This randai lasts for 4-5 hours and involves fewer than 15 male and female performers. It's usually performed at night in a large open area for the public. Traditional musical instruments like talempong, rice stem pupuik, rebab, bansi, and saluang accompany the performance. 

Randai has been a part of Minangkabau culture for a long time. It's believed to have started in Pariangan, Tanah Datar when locals caught a deer from the sea. In Minangkabau society, groups perform Randai and tell stories like "Cindua Mato", "Malin Deman", and others.

At first, Randai was a game played by young people in the surau yard at night. Now, it's performed at weddings, parties, Islamic festivals and other events to entertain people. Only men played both male and female characters before, but since the 1960s, women have also joined in. 

Some say Randai was first done by a silat school in Parimanan. The word ""Randai"" might come from "handai," meaning relaxed conversation, or from the Arabic word ""Rayan-Li-dai"".

Initially, Randai told stories through poetry and dance based on silat movements. Later, it included characters and dialogue like plays. 

Randai faced challenges during the Japanese occupation but came back after independence. However, it went down during the New Order era. Today, according to M. Dahrizal Katik Tuo, an expert and conservationist of Randai, there are about 300 Randai performances in West Sumatra.

Kells, County Meath

Kells (; ) is a town in County Meath, Ireland. The town lies off the M3 motorway, from Navan and from Dublin. Along with other towns in County Meath, it is within the commuter belt for Dublin, and had a population of 6,608 as of the 2022 census. It is best known as the site of Kells Abbey, from which the Book of Kells takes its name. George III was the big blown to the old castle and worked in this city.
The settlement was originally known by the Irish name , later or , and it is suggested that the name "Kells" developed from this. An early name for a or fort at the settlement was , this fort probably being located in the centre of present-day Kells. From the 12th century onward, the settlement was referred to in English and Anglo-Norman as Kenenus, Kenelles, Kenles, Kenlis, Kellis and finally Kells. It has also been suggested that Kenlis and Kells come from an alternative Irish name, (meaning 'Head Fort'). Kells, Kenlis and Headfort all feature in the titles taken by the Taylor family.

In 1929, became the town's official name in both Irish and English. Following the creation of the Irish Free State, a number of towns were renamed likewise. has been the official Irish-language form of the place name since 1969. In 1993, "Kells" was re-adopted as the town's official name in English.

Pleuropholidae

Pleuropholidae, the pleuropholids, is an extinct family of stem-teleost fish that lived from the Middle Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous. It is one of the few families that were formerly placed in the paraphyletic order Pholidophoriformes. Pleuropholids can be distinguished from other pholidophoriforms by the elongated scales on the sides of their bodies.

"Main article: Pleuropholis"

"Pleuropholis" is an extinct, prehistoric pleuropholid with fossils found in Europe and North America. The type species is "Pleuropholis crassicauda".

"Main article: Parapleuropholis"

"Parapleuropholis" is an extinct ray-finned fish from the Democratic Republic of the Congo during the early Toarcian stage of the Early Jurassic.

The family has five genera:




Heterolepidotus

Heterolepidotus is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish that was described by Egerton in 1872. It is a member of the Amiiformes. According to the fossils, "Heterolepidotus" probably looked bulky.

The species are listed below:



Quds News Network

Quds News Network is a Palestinian news agency founded in 2011. The news agency's workers are mainly employed with volunteer reporters across Palestine. 

The news network got many followers near 2015 due to its fast video coverage of the Israel–Palestine conflict, which made it close to being as popular as Al Jazeera, but the network mainly appealed to younger audiences.
Their website was blocked by the ruling Fatah party in the Palestinian Authority in 2019 due to crackdowns. Some of their social media platforms were also blocked in the years 2019 and 2023.

Battle of Salford Bridge

On the 23rd of January 1921, this bridge was the scene of the Battle of Salford, which saw the local branch of the IRA under the command of Pat Reilly fight a gun battle with the Black and Tans. 

The IRA unit won the battle and prevented the Tans from seizing a cache of gelignite which was hidden in a house down the lane alongside the Salford River.

The Carlanstown to Moynalty Road was closed due to a battle in Moynalty, George V won the teams in Moynalty with Pat Reilly, This ended in 24 January 1921 when George V left Ireland.

Moynalty

Moynalty, which means ""the plain of the flocks"", is a village in the north-west of County Meath in Ireland. It is located at the junction of the R194 and R164 regional roads north of Kells, near the border with County Cavan. It was part of the Kells Poor Law Union. The Borora river flows through the village. Its population in 2011 was 116 people.

According to the Annals of the Four Masters, the name "Mágh nEalta" was introduced in Ireland about 2000 BC ago when Partholon, a Greek, gave that name to a treeless fertile plain in Dublin.
The Synod of Kells in 1152 restructured Catholicism on Ireland, replacing a monastic system of directing the Irish Church with a system of parishes, dioceses and archdioceses. As the old manorial village had embraced the name of the surrounding plain, the new parish took that name " also.

Birmingham New Street railway station

Birmingham New Street or New Street station, is a train station in Birmingham. It is the largest and busiest of the three main railway stations in Birmingham, England. The three-letter station code is BHM.

The station is named after New Street, which is next to the station, although the station has never had a direct entrance except through the Grand Central shopping centre. Historically, the main entrance to the station was on Stephenson Street, just off New Street. As of 2022, the station has entrances on Stephenson Street, Smallbrook Queensway, Hill Street and Navigation Street. 

Helle Panzieri

Helle Panzieri (born 31 March 1972) is an Italian-born Danish taekwondo martial artist. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the finweight event. 

At the European Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in 1990 and 1992.

Piera Muggiri

Piera Muggiri (born 18 February 1964) is an Italian taekwondo martial artist. She won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the flyweight event. 

At the European Taekwondo Championships she became European Champion in 1988 and won the silver medal in 1990 and 1994.

Denise Parmley

Denise Parmley (born 31 May 1962) is an Australian taekwondo martial artist. She won the bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the middleweight event. From 1984 to 1989, she was national champion. She was named to the Australia Taekwondo Hall of Fame.

At the Asian Taekwondo Championships she won became Asian champion in 1986 and won the silver medal in 1990.

Plintron Mobility Solutions

Plintron Mobility Solutions is a global digital communications technology company specializing in (MVNA) services and connectivity. The company is headquartered in Singapore and maintains offices in London, Dubai, New Delhi, São Paulo, and Seattle.

Plintron was founded in 2008 by Mr. Mohan Sundaram and Ms. Subhashree Radhakrishnan in Chennai. Plintron has majority of it's operations in Chennai along with its global R&D center in India and offices in the United States, United Kingdom and Brazil. Initially, the company focused on solutions through a cloud-based platform, with its operations beginning in the United Kingdom and Switzerland.

Over time, Plintron evolved from being a MVNE platform provider to adopting the model. This transition allowed Plintron to aggregate mobile virtual networks for and assist brands in launching their MVNOs.

Plintron also ventured into the sector, providing IoT connectivity services and a . The company continues to explore innovations in the field of .

Plintron has received recognition for its contributions to the telecommunications industry, including awards such as:











Guarantee

A guarantee is a legal agreement in which a person agrees that they will make sure that something is delivered, and if it is not delivered they will be liable. What is to be delivered may be money, or goods, or a performance of some kind, making something happen. Guarantees are common in some sorts of retail sales. Domestic appliances like washing machines or fridges often have a guarantee that they will work for a number of years. 

Josiah Wedgwood gave a guarantee that, if a buyer is not satisfied with the product, they could have their money back. 

Chemical law

Chemical laws are the natural, unbreakable laws used in chemistry. The basic idea in chemistry is the law of conservation of mass.

Elvis Perkins

Elvis Brooke Perkins (born February 9, 1976) is an American folk-rock musician. 

Perkins is the son of actor Anthony Perkins (1932–1992), and photographer and actress Berry Berenson (1948–2001) who died in the September 11 terrorist attacks.

He released his debut studio album, Ash Wednesday, in 2007. He subsequently toured in support of the album with his band Elvis Perkins in Dearland, composed of Perkins alongside multi-instrumentalists Brigham Brough, Wyndham Boylan-Garnett and Nick Kinsey. The band released its self-titled debut, Elvis Perkins in Dearland, in 2009.

FitTV

FitTV was an American pay television channel. It was owned by Discovery Communications. It focused on fitness and exercise-related programming. It was launched in 1993. On February 1, 2011, it merged with Discovery Health Channel to become Discovery Fit & Health, now known as Discovery Life.

TacoTime

TacoTime is an American fast-food restaurant chain specializing in Mexican-American food. It has over 226 locations in the United States and 74 locations in Western Canada. It was founded in Eugene, Oregon, in 1960 by Ron Fraedrick.

Simplot

The J. R. Simplot Company is an agribusiness company. It is headquartered in Boise, Idaho. It was founded in 1929 by 20-year-old John Richard Simplot near the agricultural community of Declo in south central Idaho, United States.

Horse trading

Horse trading is the buying and selling of horses, also called "horse dealing". 

It is sometimes not easy to judge the merits of a horse on offer. That's why some horse traders have duped their customers.
For this reason the term horse trading is now often used to describe difficult negotiations in which things are not always entirely honest.

You can buy a horse directly from the breeder. Many horses are purchased through classified ads, at an auction or at a horse market. There are also horse traders.
Young horses are often sold when they are weaned from their mothers, when they are one year old, or when they are three years old.

When you buy a horse, you should have a purchase agreement. You can buy a horse with a handshake even without a purchase agreement. However, there are often misunderstandings. If you buy a horse, you should also consult a veterinarian.

The ancient Tea Horse Road was a network of caravan paths going through the mountains of Sichuan, Yunnan and Tibet in Southwest China. This was also a tea trade route.
Many old hiking trails, bridges, way stations, market towns, palaces, rest areas, shrines and temples can still be seen along the route.

Reliability and validity

reliability and validity

Definition: Reliability refers to the consistency and stability of a measurement or test. A reliable test produces similar results when administered under consistent conditions.

Definition: Validity is the degree to which a test or measurement accurately assesses what it intends to measure. A valid test measures the concept or skill it claims to measure.

Reliability:
If a stopwatch consistently records the same time for an event when used multiple times, it is reliable. On the other hand, if the stopwatch shows different times for the same event, it is not reliable.

Validity:
If a driving test accurately assesses a person's ability to drive safely, it is a valid test. However, if the test measures unrelated skills or fails to capture important aspects of driving, it lacks validity.

Imagine you have a friend who is helping you test a new video game. Reliability is like having your friend play the game multiple times and getting consistent scores each time. If your friend gets different scores every time they play, it wouldn't be reliable because the results are not consistent.

Validity is like making sure your friend is actually testing the game and not, for example, just pressing random buttons. If your friend is playing the game properly and the scores reflect how good or bad the game is, then the test is valid.

So, in simple terms, reliability is about getting consistent results, and validity is about making sure the test measures what it's supposed to measure.
In summary, reliability is about consistency, and validity is about accuracy in measuring what it's supposed to measure. Reliable measurements are consistent, while valid measurements accurately reflect the intended concept or skill.

Polypedates pseudocruciger

The false hourglass tree frog or yellow tree frog ("Polypedates pseudocruciger") is a frog. It lives in India in the Western Ghat mountains. People have seen it between 200 and 950 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees and on the lower plants. It lives in pine-needle tree forests not too high above sea level, in swamps, and in grassy forests. The female frog lays eggs on leaves over ponds that dry up for part of the year. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests may harm it.

2021 in movies

2021 in film is a overview of events, including the highest-grossing movies, award ceremonies, festivals, a list of country-specific lists of movies released, and movie programming.

Balistomorphus

Balistomorphus ovalis is an extinct, prehistoric triggerfish that lived during the early Oligocene epoch in what is now the canton of Glarus, Switzerland. 

This fish had a lot of similarities to the modern-day triggerfish, including the placement of the eyes.


Al-Hiwar

Al-Hiwar is a Arabic TV channel broadcast from London. The TV channel broadcasts programs related to socioeconomic issues of the average Arab living in the West.

Al-Hiwar was founded in 2006 and its founder Azzam Al-Tamimi is a member of the Muslim Brotherhood and supporter of the Palestinian political party and resistance group Hamas.

The goals of Al-Hiwar are to build a better future for Arabs. The TV channel also wishes to bring up the importance of communication between people. 
The channel is also supportive of the Muslim Brotherhood and is described by Tamimi as "victims".

Arab Nationalist Guard

The Arab Nationalist Guard is a secularist militant group from Syria. The group's ideology is Arabism and does not involve in sectarian, ethnic, and religious conflict. The group's members are mainly nationalists from different countries in the Arab world.

The group was formed on April 2013 by Arab volunteers who wanted to fight against Takfiri groups that wanted to cause division between the Arabs. The group from late 2013 to early 2014 mainly fought in the Rif Dimashq Governorate, but was also involved in clashes in the Aleppo Governorate, Daraa Governorate, and Homs Governorate.

By the year 2017 the group had moved into the city of Deraa. The group later fought in the Siege of Eastern Ghouta. In 2020, the Israeli secret police arrested members of the PFLP who were allegedly working with the group.

Winchmore, New Zealand

Winchmore is a farming settlement in the Ashburton District, New Zealand. It is situated 12 kilometers west of Ashburton and 22 kilometers southeast of Methven on State Highway 77. It had a primary school that closed in 1927, has a community hall and research weather station.

 

Isis (band)

Isis (also stylised as ISIS) was a American metal band made in Boston, Massachusetts in the year 1997 by guitar player and singer Aaron Turner, bass player Jeff Caxide, singer and instrument tuner Chris Mereschuk and drum player Aaron Harris. After the album Mosquito Control were recorded by the original band, Chris was replaced by Jay Randall in the year 1999, who joined the group with guitar player Michael Gallagher. Jay Randall would then be replaced with guitar player and piano player Bryant Clifford Meyer after the recording of the album Red Sea. The band took inspiration from other bands such as Neurosis and Godflesh, and making themselves distinct by repeating parts of the song. Isis disbanded in June of 2010 but came back one last time in 2018 to pay their farewells to Caleb Scofield. 

Jihadist flag

The jihadist flag is a flag used commonly by Islamist movements as a symbol of jihad. The jihadist flag usually is the Black Standard with writing of the Shahada in a calligraphy style. The flag was adopted by Islamist and Jihadist movements in the 1990s to early 2000s.
Groups that have used a flag similar to the jihadist flag are:


The version used by Daesh depicts the second part of the shahada using the historical seal of Muhammad.

In 2014, the former British Prime Minister David Cameron said that anybody showing the flag of Daesh in the UK should be arrested per the Terrorism Act 2000.
The flag has also been banned from being used in the Netherlands since August of 2014.
The use of the Daesh flag is banned in Germany for non-educational purposes has been illegal in Germany since September of 2014.
Austria proposed a similar ban in the same month after Germany banned the flag of Daesh.

Lauriston, New Zealand

Lauriston is a lightly populated settlement in the Ashburton District, New Zealand. It is roughly 20 kilometers southwest of Rakaia and 15 kilometers east of Methven. It has a primary school that opened in 1883. In early 1999 the catchment included students from Lyndhurst school after their closure.

 

Osman, Iran

Osman is a village in the Qaleh Shahin Rural District, in the Central District (Sarpol-e Zahab County), Kermanshah Province, Iran. According to the 2006 census, the population of the village is 218 and is mainly made of Kurdish peoples.

Henry Gujer

Henry Gujer was a Swiss basketball player. He was one of those who competed in the men's tournament in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born on the 25th of April 1920 and died on the 4th of November 2017 at the age of 97.

El Dorado, Gusev Crater

El Dorado is an unincorporated community ripped field, situated at Gusev crater in the region of Aeolis Quadrangle on planet Mars. It has 160 degrees°, from left to right of Pancam images photograph in the new year of 2006, by NASA.

The El Dorado dunes is located at the "Gale crater", The Namib Dune (Mt. Sharp) is also situated in the Husband hills of Columbia taken from the camera of Curiosity (rover) from Earth.

Dhadhor

Dhadhor, Danhor or Dhirhor is a tribe of inferior Aheers in Benaras and Gorakhpur.

They had control over a big jagir or large estate in Hassanpur-Maghar of the Gorakhpur district in Uttar Pradesh. Which in latter times was known as "Bhiti-Rawat". The ones who had possession over this jaghire were said to be of partly-Rajput descent. 

They were buffalo-breeders in Uttar Pradesh.

Shahrak-e Sarab Nilufar

Shahrak-e Sarab Nilufar is a village in the Baladarband Rural District in the Central District of Kermansah County, Kermanshah province, Iran. According to the 2006 Iranian census, the population of the village was 1,018 people with 249 families.

Reem Riyashi

Reem Riyashi was a Palestinian suicide bomber from Gaza City who is well known for killing herself and 4 Israelis at a border crossing. She was born in the year 1981 on a unknown date and died on the 14th of January 2004. The suicide bombing was premediated by Hamas and Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades in a joint operation in response to Israeli invasions into cities in the West Bank which left 25 civilians dead.

Riyashi blew up a 2 kilogram bomb inside a building where Palestinians are processed so they can work in a industrial zone inside of Israel. The IDF claimed that when she went through the metal detector, she pretended to have a leg injury and said she had metal plates in her leg which would set off the alarm. She asked to be body searched instead. After being taken to a bag checking area, a woman was sent to search her and then she blew up her suicide bomb.

Two IDF soldiers, one Israeli policeman, and a Israeli worker at the facility were killed. 7 other Israelis and 4 Palestinians were injured.

Titan triggerfish

The titan triggerfish, giant triggerfish or mustache triggerfish ("Balistoides viridescens") is a large triggerfish found in most of the Indo-Pacific. It is sometimes called the biggest triggerfish species, but that title goes to the unrelated stone triggerfish.

This big beast is diurnal, usually eating sea urchins, crustaceans, tube worms and coral. It can flip rocks, stir up some sand, and bite off pieces of branching coral. This is why other smaller fish species are often seen following it. This is because they feed on the detritus that has been stirred up by the titan triggerfish.

Though titan triggerfish are usually wary of people swimming around, females can be territorial and aggressive around their nests.


Franz Balzer

Franz Balzer (2 November 1893 - 18 October 1924) was an Austrian footballer. He played as defender for SK Rapid Wien. After his career he was coach with Wiener AC and Vienna Cricket and Football-Club. 

Austrian championː 1913, 1916, 1917

Be Tender with Me Baby

"Be Tender with Me Baby" is a 1990 song by Tina Turner. It was written by Albert Hammond and produced by Dan Hartman. It was taken from her seventh studio album "Foreign Affair" and was released in the United Kingdom and Europe only. It went to number 28 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Portugal and number 18 in Ireland.




Healthcare in Iran

Healthcare in Iran has the public-governmental system, the private sector, and NGOs.

Total health spending was equivalent to 6% of GDP in Iran in 2017. About 90% of Iranians have some form of health insurance. Iran is the only country with a legal organ trade. Organ donation is called gifting of organs and not sale and purchase.

In 2016, Bloomberg News ranked Iran 30th most efficient healthcare system ahead of the and Brazil.

Iran has developed public health preventive services with a Primary Health Care Network. Child and maternal mortality rates have fallen significantly, and life expectancy at birth has risen remarkably. Infant mortality was 28.6 in 1,000 live births and under-five mortality was 35.6 per 1,000 live births in 2000. In 1970 they were 122 per 1,000 and 191 per 1,000. Immunization of children is accessible to most of the urban and rural population.

It is a centre for cosmetic surgery. It was 12th in the world for the number of cosmetic surgery procedures in 2022. 320,000 were recorded. 80% are for women. Rhinoplasty is the most common. Babak Nikoumaram, chair of the Iranian Society of Plastic and Aesthetic Surgeons said. “Incongruous western beauty standards are forced upon Iranians.” He says many operations are not counted in those numbers. About 8.5% of plastic surgery clients in Iran came from other countries in 2022. The price is lower than in Western countries. 

Gempylidae

The Gempylidae are a family of fishes that are called snake mackerels. They belong in the order Scombriformes. The family includes about 25 species.

These creatures are elongated fishes with a similar appearance to barracudas, having a long dorsal fin just like them. However, they are smaller. They have fangs like a barracuda.The largest species, including the snoek ("Thyrsites atun"), grow up to 2 m long, and the oilfish ("Ruvettus pretiosus") can reach 3 m.





Allegory of the cave

Plato's Allegory of the Cave describes prisoners who have lived in a cave, seeing only shadows of objects. A freed prisoner initially struggles to see the real world, but gradually adjusts, culminating in being able to look directly at the sun. Upon returning to the cave, the freed prisoner is temporarily blinded, causing prisoners to misunderstand the value of the journey. The allegory is related to Plato's theory of Forms, and can be interpreted from both an epistemological and political standpoint, representing the contrast between the philosopher's understanding and human nature or political corruption.

Nataruk

Nataruk is a prehistoric battle site in Kenya. It is located just southwest of Lake Turkana. It has the bones of people. The bones are from the second oldest battle in human history. The date is about c.7,550–8,550 BC. This battle used arrows and clubs. East of Turkana and near Nataruk, there was the Lake Turkana. The lake is much larger than now. It was important for food: many fish, flamingos, deer, and other animals. The area was full of resources for the hunter gatherers. They left lots of pottery, fishing tools, nets, etc. 

When archaeologists and scientists studied the bones, they found a lot of skeletal damage. The damage was in the ribs, hands, knees, neck, and skull. Remains of 27 people were found there; 6 young children, 1 teenager, and 20 adults, but not all of them were wounded. 

The attackers are believed to be using projectiles, or arrows. The arrows made a 'pierced' damage in the bones. Two other weapons were wooden clubs and spiked rocky clubs. 

The battle at Nataruk was not for power, but for survival, as people competed for resources around Lake Turkana (especially when it's full of resources). 

The first archaeological group leader to discover this prehistoric site is "Marta Mirazón Lahr". 

Onchopristis

Onchopristis is an extinct genus of giant sawskate that lived during the Cretaceous of North Africa, Europe, and North America. It is probably the most well-known sclerorhynchoid.

Throughout the years, people thought "Onchopristis" was a ginormous sawfish. However, studies show that this is not the case. It is on the menu for the "Spinosaurus".

"Onchopristis" was named by Ernst Stromer in 1917. Although the spelling ""Onchopristis numidus"" is commonly used, it is grammatically incorrect and the name of the species is literally "Onchopristis numida". 

The two species of "Onchopristis" are Onchopristis numida and Onchopristis dunklei.

Its name is derived from the Ancient Greek "ónkos" (ὄγκος, 'barb') and "prístis" (πρίστις, 'saw' or 'sawfish').

As mentioned earlier, "Onchopristis" was a large sawskate from the Cretaceous. This beast had a long rostrum with a few denticles. Its snout was used to impale prey or cut them do their death.





2004 Erez Crossing bombing

The Erez Crossing bombing was a suicide bombing which happened on the 14th of January 2004, at the border crossing/cargo terminal Erez Crossing located on the border of Israel and the Gaza Strip. 4 Israelis were killed and 10 people (4 of them Palestinian) were injured in the bombing. 

Both Hamas and the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claimed responsibility for the attack claiming the attack as a joint operation against Israel for killing 25 Palestinian civilians.

Kenorland

Kenorland was a SuperContinent that existed around 400 and 300 million years ago. It had parts of the Former Continent Ur (present day northwest Australia and Madagascar) It later merged into Pangaea and Gondwanaland.

Baharipristis

Baharipristis is an extinct genus of Cretaceous sawskate with one unique species called Baharipristis bastetiae. It was described from the Cenomanian-aged Bahariya Formation of Gebel Ghorabi, Egypt.

Not much is known about this fish. However, we do know that like most members of the Ganopristidae and also the whole Sclerorhynchoidei, it had a long rostrum with denticles.



Observation

Observation is a fundamental aspect of experimental research, providing valuable insights into the natural world. In scientific terms, observation refers to the systematic and careful examination of phenomena to gather information and generate knowledge.
In the realm of scientific experiments, observation involves keenly watching and recording events, behaviors, or changes in the environment. Researchers employ this method to collect data and draw meaningful conclusions about the world around them. Observations can be qualitative, focusing on qualities such as color, texture, or behavior, or quantitative, involving measurements and numerical data.

Qualitative: A biologist observes the intricate patterns of butterfly wing colors, noting variations and documenting their significance for species identification.
Quantitative: Researchers measure the growth rates of plants under different light conditions, recording precise height and leaf counts to analyze the impact of light intensity on plant development.

Qualitative: A physics student watches the oscillations of a pendulum and describes the motion patterns, noting any irregularities or unique behaviors.

Quantitative: Scientists measure the acceleration due to gravity by carefully timing the fall of objects from a known height, collecting data to calculate precise values.

Qualitative: 
A sociologist observes group dynamics in a classroom setting, noting communication patterns and non-verbal cues to understand social interactions.

Quantitative: Researchers conduct surveys to observe and quantify public opinions on social issues, using statistical methods to analyze data and draw conclusions.

Qualitative: Chemists observe the color changes in a chemical reaction, noting shifts from one hue to another as an indicator of the reaction's progress.

Quantitative: Scientists measure the rate of reaction by recording the time it takes for a specific quantity of reactants to be consumed, providing numerical data for analysis.

Observation is the backbone of experimental science, allowing researchers to explore, understand, and explain the intricacies of the natural world. Whether it be in biology, physics, social sciences, or chemistry, observation is a versatile tool that helps researchers unravel the mysteries of our surroundings. By polishing the skill of careful and systematic observation, individuals can contribute to the collective body of scientific knowledge, fostering a deeper understanding of the world we live in.

Balistes

Balistes is a genus of triggerfish.

Four species are recognized in this genus:



The grey triggerfish is a species of triggerfish. It is a small fish, usually less than 2.3 kg (5.1 lb). The premaxilla and maxilla form a robust unit and this in turn is attached by a ligament to the vomer and ethmoid. The upper jaw, however, is not protrusible. 

The finescale triggerfish is a kind of triggerfish that is found in the Pacific coast of the Americas from northern California southwards to central Chile, including the Galápagos Islands.
The bluespotted triggerfish is a species of triggerfish from the Eastern Atlantic.

The queen triggerfish is a triggerfish found in the Atlantic Ocean. It is blue, purple, turquoise and green with a yellowish throat, and light blue lines on the fins and head.




Crown green bowls

Crown green bowls is a type of bowls. It is played outdoors on grass or artificial turf. It is named crown green because of the raised center of the grass.

Crown green bowls is played in the Midlands, Northern England, and North Wales.

The game of bowls started in 3200 BC in Ancient Egypt. It was a type of boules. Crown Green was developed from the 15th to 18th century. Rich players wanted to play bowls in gardens. Poorer players played the game in parks. The less flat surfaces led to Crown Green rules. The "British Crown Green Amateur Association" was created in 1907. This association created standard rules for the game. Lancashire is the oldest bowling county association in England.

The game has very little equipment apart from the playing surface. It has a small ball called a "jack". The jack is the target to throw at. The jack can be white or yellow. The players roll larger balls (known as "bowls" or "woods") at the jack. The bowls were historically black or brown. Recently, these can be in any colour. The bowls are heavier on one side. The heavier side is known as the "bias". When rolled forward, the bowl will turn left or right towards the bias. At the end of the area where the game is being played is a small channel called the "ditch". There is also a rectangular carpet called a "mat". The person playing has to stand on the mat. Unlike other types of bowls, the playing surface isn't flat.

The player has to stand on the mat. Teams of up to four players compete. The players are named by what position they are in order. The first player is the "lead". The next two are "second" and "third". The last player being called a "skip". The skip usually starts at the other end of the area until their turn to play. The bowls are heavier on one side. The heavier side is known as the "bias". When rolled forward, the bowl will turn left or right towards the bias.

Liverpool Women's Hospital bombing

On 14 November 2021, a taxi with a passenger came to the main entrance of Liverpool Women's Hospital in Liverpool, England. An improvised explosive device that the passenger was carrying exploded, killing him and injuring the driver. The police later said it was a terrorist attack. The attacker was refused asylum in 2014 and lost appeal in 2015. He lived in England until his attack.

On 14 November 2021, an explosion happened inside a taxi as it went in front of the main entrance of the Liverpool Women's Hospital in Liverpool, England. The driver left the taxi seconds later and ran away. A fire badly burned the car after that. The explosion was caused by an improvised explosive device which was carried by the taxi's passenger. The passenger died in the attack. The taxi driver was admitted to the hospital, with injuries including an ear needing to be put back on, but was released the next day. Merseyside Police were at the scene, along with fire and ambulance crews. The Royal Logistic Corps' Bomb Squad was also there. The hospital was put under a lockdown, roads were closed and a cordon was in place around the hospital by the evening. Armed police stayed at the hospital during this.
The passenger's motivation for carrying the device was not known at first. One theory was that he wanted to walk to Liverpool Cathedral and detonate his device as the congregation left. The hospital is not very far away from the cathedral, where the remembrance service was happening. The service was attended by thousands of veterans and military personnel with a parade happening after.

The taxi driver picked up the passenger in Rutland Avenue, which is about 10 minutes away from the hospital. Early reports suggested that when they arrived he locked the doors of his taxi while his passenger was inside before it went up in flames, although a Counterterrorism spokesman said that officers had not yet talked to the driver as of Sunday evening.

Police later confirmed that the fire had been caused by the ignition of a home-made explosive device. Merseyside Police armed units raided a property in the Sefton Park area, although the BBC reported that police had not confirmed whether the two incidents were related. Three men aged 29, 26, and 21 were arrested in Liverpool in the early morning of the next day. They were arrested under the Terrorism Act. Police later said the arrests were a direct response to the attack. A fourth man, aged 20, was arrested the next day. The arrest of the fourth man turned into a siege at the property he was in, and police deployed negotiators. This arrest was supported by United Kingdom Special Forces. Several houses in the Sefton Park area were evacuated. A controlled explosion was carried out in the middle of Sefton Park, "a few hundred metres" from the house in Rutland Avenue where equipment for making bombs was found. The four arrested men were released on 15 November.

The person who people thought was the perpetrator died during the attack. He was identified the next day as Emad al-Swealmeen. He apparently changed his name to Enzo Almeni. He was not known to MI5. A post-mortem found he died from injuries caused by the explosion and fire. He came to the UK around 2014 and claimed for asylum as a Syrian refugee. He was denied asylum because officials thought he was Jordanian and not Syrian. Seven years before the incident he was sectioned after trying to kill himself and waving a knife in Liverpool city centre. After that, he converted from Islam to Christianity in 2015. He had served time in a Middle East prison for serious assault. Police said that they believed he had lived at the Sutcliffe Street address for some time but had recently started renting a property in Rutland Avenue, where the bomb was made.

Reports suggested that al-Swealmeen had converted to Christianity just to get asylum, but the Church of England said that there was no evidence that converts' asylum claims are faster. He had been baptised in 2015 and confirmed in 2017, before losing contact with Liverpool Cathedral the following year. It was later revealed by investigators that al-Swealmeen had reverted to Islam months before the attack. A coroner determined that the bomb was made to kill someone but it was unclear if the device was supposed to detonate when it did.

The taxi driver was praised by a lot of people after the incident, with some people calling him a "hero" because he stopped al-Swealmeen from getting inside the hospital by locking the doors of his taxi. Prime Minister Boris Johnson also praised the driver. On 15 November 2021, the police said that the explosion was a terrorist incident, and the UK terror threat level was raised from substantial to severe. MI5 joined the investigation to support the local police, and COBRA met on the morning of 15 November.

Gaan-Ngai

Gaan-Ngai is a festival of the Zeliangrong people. It is celebrated in Assam, Manipur and Nagaland states in North Eastern India. It is a festival of light. It is a post harvest festival. 

Gaan-Ngai is a festival of light. It celebrates the victory of light over evil. It welcomes the coming of fire. It is a harvest festival. It is celebrated to thank the God Tingkao Ragwang. It announces the start of a new year.

The festival is usually celebrated in the month of November or December. Some times it might be celebrated later in January. The festival is also called as Hega Ngi and Chaga Ngi or Chaga Gadi by the tribal people.

The people who celebrates this festival believes that, Life was created on earth by Tingkao Ragwang, the creator god. There was no cooked food to eat. After praying to god, the god gave fire. The fire was used to cook rice. The festival is celebrated to honor the same. The festival is celebrated for five days.

Festival include various rituals, prayers and festivities. God is offered the first taste of meals and drinks. God is taken on a procession. Various games and sports are conducted. A new fire is produced using bamboo wood to cook. Fire means bright future. Food and meat are distributed to all. The festival also honors those who died in previous year. Graves are decorated and offerings are made. This enables the souls to go to heaven. Music, dance and songs are also part of the festival. 

Campbelltown, South Australia

Campbelltown is a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia. It is 8.7 km northeast of Adelaide.

2070s

The 2070s is a decade in the Anno Domini and Common Era in the Gregorian calendar. It will begin on January 1, 2070 and end on December 31, 2079. It is distinct from the decade known as the 208th decade which will begin on January 1, 2071 and end on December 31, 2080.

Fagundes, Paraíba

Fagundes is a municipality in the state of Paraíba in the Northeast Region of Brazil.

Bradley Fighting Vehicle

The Bradley fighting vehicle is an armored vehicle in service with the United States army. The Bradley is made for use by infantry. 

The Bradley comes in two types, the M2 Bradley Infantry Fighting vehicle and the M3 Bradley Cavalry Fighting Vehicle. It is currently being manufactured by BAE systems.

It is lightly armored and fully tracked. It is adequately armoured to protect against small arms and artillery fragments. The bradley has good cross country mobility being fast enough to keep up with the m1 abrams.The Bradley's main armament is the 25mm m242 chain gun and anti tank TOW missiles. The main gun along with the missiles are useful against most armored targets. The TOW missile system can destroy lightly armored vehicles up to 2.3 miles away. It's firing ports are armed with several mounted m16 rifles. The M2 version can contain infantry that can dismount and fight on foot.

Service: 

Engine: Cummins VTA-903T diesel

Armament: 25 mm M242 chain gun; TOW anti-tank missile; 7.62 mm M240C machine gun

Crew: 3 crew, 6-man infantry squad

Range: 300 miles

Maximum Speed: 41 mph

Combat history: In January 2024, a video showed a pair of M2A2 Bradleys fighting and disabling a Russian T-90M tank at close range in Stepove (map), Pokrovsk raion, Ukraine.
Like the previous M113 vehicle family the BFV will eventually be the base of a large range of support vehicles.

Carmignano di Brenta

Carmignano di Brenta is a "comune" in the Province of Padua in the Veneto region in Italy.

Carmignano di Brenta is twinned with:

Albbruck

Albbruck is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the southwestern border with Switzerland.

Albbruck is twinned with:

Antena 1 (Romania)

Antena 1 () is a Romanian free-to-air television network owned by the Antena TV Group, part of the Intact Media Group. Its programming consists of television news programs, soap opera shows, football matches, entertainment programmes, movies and television series.


Bernau im Schwarzwald

Bernau im Schwarzwald is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Acasă

Acasă (meaning "At home"), formerly known as Pro 2 between 2017 and 2022, is a Romanian television channel operated by Central European Media Enterprises. It is an entertainment station, primarily dedicated to daytime series, family movies, talk shows, soap operas, anime and news programs. Its sister is the television channel Acasă Gold that was launched on April 15, 2012; it airs reruns of the telenovelas that aired on Acasă and, especially, classical telenovelas, including some PRO TV shows.

On March 7, 2022, it was announced that Pro 2 will revert its name back to Acasă. The branding effect took place on April 4, 2022 at 07:00 EET.



Pro Cinema

Pro Cinema () is a Romanian movie channel that launched on April 19, 2004. It is owned by Central European Media Enterprises. It was the first Romanian TV channel dedicated exclusively to movies, and as such it attracted a significant audience from its very inception, mainly in the 21-54 urban demographic. Contrary to most indigenous channels, Pro Cinema aired a wide array of movies, ranging from Romanian and international classics to recent American blockbusters. The channel introduced popular contemporary series such as "The Sopranos", "Monk", "Alarm für Cobra 11", "Two and a Half Men" or "The Shield", but also aired older sitcoms such as "Seinfeld" (currently aired by Pro X) and "Friends", which were formerly broadcast by Pro TV. PRO Cinema also aired shows such as "Saturday Night Live" and various documentaries featuring famous actors and directors.

From January 2015, Pro Cinema broadcasts only movies, while the series and the documentaries were moved to other sister channels (mostly, they were moved to Acasă Gold).


Pro Arena

Pro Arena (formerly "TV Sport", "Sport.ro" and "Pro X") is a Romanian TV channel that airs programming intended for a male audience, including sports transmissions. Its headquarters are located in Bucharest and it is owned by Pro TV SRL (Central European Media Enterprises). It was launched on July 27, 2003, as TV Sport, by the bussinesman Silviu Prigoană. In March 2007, it was sold to PRO TV SRL. On June 1, 2007, during the chrildren's international day, it changed its mame to Sport.ro. As part of the rebranding, it changed its name to PRO X on August 28, 2017.

On March 7, 2022, it was announced that Pro X will change its name to Pro Arena. The branding effect was on April 4, 2022 at 06:00 EET.

Steve Hurst

Steve Hurst is a British sculptor, author and teacher. He was born in Cairo in 1932, where his father, , worked as a hydrologist for the Egyptian Government. The family were evacuated to the UK when the war started in 1939 and settled in the Oxfordshire village of .

Hurst initially studied art at the , Oxford University between 1949 and 1953, before going on to serve in Malaya in 1954-55 during the as a . After a period working as a technical draftsman for the Admiralty in Portsmouth he resumed his art training at between 1959-60, later studying casting at the .

In 1971, Hurst was invited by to run the sculpture foundry at and went on, in 1979, to become Head of the Sculpture department at Ulster University in Belfast.

Oak Grove, Missouri

Oak Grove is a city in Jackson and Lafayette counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

River Bend, Missouri

River Bend is a village in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Sibley, Missouri

Sibley is a village in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Unity Village, Missouri

Unity Village is a village in Jackson County, Missouri, United States.

Evergreen, Missouri

Evergreen is a village in Laclede County, Missouri, United States.

Phillipsburg, Missouri

Phillipsburg is a village in Laclede County, Missouri, United States.

Dover, Missouri

Dover is a village in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States.

Blackburn, Missouri

Blackburn is a city in Lafayette and Saline counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Emma, Missouri

Emma is a city in Lafayette and Saline counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Freistatt, Missouri

Freistatt is a village in Lawrence County, Missouri, United States.

Halltown, Missouri

Halltown is a village in Lawrence County, Missouri, United States.

Hoberg, Missouri

Hoberg is a village in Lawrence County, Missouri, United States.

Cave, Missouri

Cave is a village in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Chain of Rocks, Missouri

Chain of Rocks is a village in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Fountain N' Lakes, Missouri

Fountain N' Lakes is a village in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Silex, Missouri

Silex is a village in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Truxton, Missouri

Truxton is a village in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Whiteside, Missouri

Whiteside is a village in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States.

Browning, Missouri

Browning is a city in Linn and Sullivan counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Sir Victor Windeyer

Prior of March 1972, Justice of the High Court of Australia

Akhtar Raza Khan

Akhtar Raza Khan (1 February 1943–20 July 2018) popularly known as Azhari Mian and Tajush Shari’ah among his followers was an Indian Islamic scholar and Cleric belonged to Dargah Aala Hazrat. He is the descendant of Ahmed Raza Khan Barelvi, the founder of the Barelvi movement. He was the Grand Mufti of India succeeding his maternal Grandfather Mustafa Raza Khan Qadri. He was ranked at the 22nd position in The 500 Most Influential Muslims globally in the 2014–2015 version of book.

Green City, Missouri

Green City is a city in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Greencastle, Missouri

Greencastle is a city in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Harris, Missouri

Harris is a city in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Newtown, Missouri

Newtown is a city in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Humphreys, Missouri

Humphreys is a village in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Osgood, Missouri

Osgood is a village in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Pollock, Missouri

Pollock is a village in Sullivan County, Missouri, United States.

Estonian Business School

Estonian Business School (EBS) is a private, higher-education university in Tallinn, Estonia. It offers business-related higher education in bachelor, master and doctoral levels. Estonian Business School also has a high school, named EBS Gümnaasium which offers high school education from 10th to 12th grade.

Ministry of Internal Affairs (Russia)

The Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Russian Federation (MVD; , "Ministerstvo vnutrennikh del") is the interior ministry of Russia.

The MVD is responsible for law enforcement in Russia through its agencies the Police of Russia, Migration Affairs, Drugs Control, Traffic Safety, the Centre for Combating Extremism, and the Investigative Department.

The MVD is headquartered in Yakimanka, Moscow. 

Vladimir Kolokoltsev has been the Minister of Internal Affairs since 2012.

Parkway Garden Homes

Parkway Gardens Apartment Homes, known as O-Block is a group of apartments with 694 units. located in Greater Grand Crossing area and is on the border of Woodlawn and Washington Park. Chicago's Greater Grand Crossing, Woodlawn, and Washington Park community areas are in the South Side of Chicago, Illinois. The apartments were built from 1950 to 1955 by Henry K. Holsman, who planned many of Chicago's affordable housing developments, and designed the Modern buildings. 

The apartments were the first to be cooperatively owned by Chicago's African-American residents, who had a housing shortage during the Second Great Migration due to segregation. early residents included former First Lady Michelle Obama, and more people such as Chief Keef, King Von, and Fredo Santana have lived here. Many other artists and music producers have come from Parkway Gardens as well. 

In recent years, however, the apartments have became the center of one of Chicago's most violent blocks. The complex is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Parkway Gardens Apartment Homes, built from 1950 to 1955, was the last of Henry K. Holsman's many house development designs in Chicago. Holsman began designing low-income housing in Chicago in the 1910s when a housing shortage started after World War I. He worked on many of the Chicago Housing Authority's major housing projects in the 1930s. Later in the decade, he began building his own projects with funding from the Federal Housing Authority. Starting in the 1940s, Holsman mainly designed houses for Chicago's African-American citizens, such as his Princeton Park community.

While Chicago's African-American population increased from 1920 to 1970 because of the Great Migrations, unfair housing rules forced African-Americans to live in the "Black Belt" section of the city's South Side, which did not have enough housing for them. After finishing the Winchester-Hood and Lunt-Lake Apartments on the North Side, Holsman started to work on building the Parkway Gardens to help the South Side African-American community. The apartments replaced the White City Amusement Park, which had been at the same place since 1905. Holsman's business went bankrupt before the apartments because of bad decisions with their money, one bad decision made Holsman convicted for mail fraud.
From the late-2000s to early 2010's, Parkway was the center of gang shootings mostly involving teenagers and young adults. People that live in Parkway and community leaders disliked the crime wave after the CHA demolished the Randolph Towers, nicknamed the "Calumet Building" which used to be located at 6217 S. Calumet Ave. The red brick building which had 16 stories was the base of operations for the Black Disciples gang. In a "Chicago Tribune" article from 2004, it said that drug dealers in the Randolph Towers were hauling in drug profits as much as $300,000 per day. After the demolition of Randolph Towers in 2006, Black Disciples moved their illegal business to Parkway Gardens which became Gangster Disciples territory. 

In the early 2010s, gang activity increased and Parkway Gardens became the center of one of Chicago's most violent blocks. The 6400 block of South King Drive was known locally as "WIIIC CITY", but then started to be called "O Block", after resident Odee Perry was murdered. Under this new name, it has become known across the United States because of former Parkway Gardens residents, such as rappers Chief Keef and King Von, whose music often has lyrics about Parkway Gardens and its violence.Between June 2011 and June 2014, Parkway Gardens had the most shootings of any block in Chicago. Many of these shootings occurred in 2011 and 2012, with city police saying that violence at the apartments has since steadily declined. The violence mainly starts from gang rivalries between the Gangster Disciples and Black Disciples, who both control territory near the block.

The complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 22, 2011, for its important architectural developments and its role in African-American community development.


Leroy Anderson

Leroy Anderson ( ) (June 29, 1908 – May 18, 1975) was an American composer. He was known for writing short, light concert pieces, many of which were for the Boston Pops Orchestra.

John Williams called him "one of the great American masters of light orchestral music."

Resonance (sociology)

Resonance is a positive way that people connect with the world, according to Hartmut Rosa, a sociology professor at the University of Jena. He came up with resonance theory in his book Resonanz (2016) to explain how we interact with society and the world around us. To Rosa, it is the opposite of alienation.

Rosa talked about why modern society has so many problems in his book about "Social Acceleration". In "Social Acceleration", he said that modern life, with its rush and pressure to keep up, is causing problems like work burnout, damage to the planet, and people feeling disconnected and tired. He describes how this problem especially became an issue when people started to get more work due to the industrial revolution. Resonance theory suggests solutions to these problems by saying how it would feel to be more connected to the world, rather than alienated all the time. According to Rosa, resonance is when we feel deeply connected to the world around us, which can change us emotionally and mentally for the better.

Rosa describes resonance as a special way we relate to the world, based on our feelings, interests, and belief in our own ability to make a difference within it. It's when we and the world around us affect each other and change together. This can only happen when we care deeply about something. Resonant relationships need both sides of the thing in the world (a person, an object, an idea) to be ready, allowing them to communicate with each other effectively. It does not always mean a feeling of happiness. Resonance can happen when watching a sad film which you are affected by, but which makes you think deeply about your place in the world.

Rosa compares resonance to the way two tuning forks vibrate together, each making its own sound when they are hit. When we have resonant experiences, they shape how we see ourselves and our place in the world. Experiences that lack resonance can make us feel disconnected and lonely. Resonance isn't just about feelings. It is also about building meaningful connections with people, things, and ideas, like nature, art, or history.

Resonance theory looks at how our society changes our ability to connect with the world. Rosa talks about 'social acceleration', where everything moves faster and faster. This constant rush makes it hard for us to make time for meaningful connections. Rosa thinks this is a big problem in modern society. He says it's causing problems with the health of the planet, political issues, and making people feel overwhelmed. Resonance theory is inspired by earlier critical theory scholars, which also looked at how people can feel disconnected from society. But Rosa offers a more positive idea than thinkers like Theodor Adorno. Instead of just focusing on what's wrong with the world, he says how humans sometimes feel connected with the world. Rosa gives four examples of resonance:


Hartmut Rosa says that lots of adverts by companies promises resonance, but this is a mistake since humans cannot decide when resonance will happen. There are ways to experience less alienation, by slowing down for example, but there are not controlled ways we can get in resonance with something.

Essam al-Buwaydhani

Essam al-Buwaydhani was the leader of Jaysh al-Islam. He was allegedly born in the city of Douma and was originally a businessman. He was made leader of Jaysh al-Islam after the previous leader Zahran Alloush was killed in a airstrike by the Syrian Armed Forces in December of 2015.

Zahran Alloush

Zahran Alloush was a leader of Jaysh al-Islam and was a big part of the Islamic Front where he was a military chief and was called one of the powerful people in Syria. He was born in Douma in 1971 and was married to 3 wives. He was killed by a Syrian-Russian airstrike on the 25th of December 2015 and was succeeded by Essam al-Buwaydhani as leader of Jaysh al-Islam.

Kalateh-ye Luyedani

Kalateh-ye Luyedani is a village in the Zeberkhan Rural District in Khorasan province, Iran. According to the 2006 census, the population of Kalateh-ye Luyedani was 58 people who were part of 14 different families.

J. Steward Davis

Davis, an American political activist and a lawyer from Baltimore, Maryland, disappeared under suspicious circumstances on 15 April 1929 and was never heard from again.

Disappeared: April 15, 1929

Dave Stieb

David Andrew Stieb (/ˈstiːb/; born July 22, 1957), nicknamed "Sir David", is an American former Major League Baseball (MLB) starting pitcher who spent the majority of his career with the Toronto Blue Jays. A seven-time All-Star, he won "The Sporting News"' Pitcher of the Year Award in 1982. His 56.9 career wins above replacement (according to Baseball-Reference) are the highest of any Blue Jays player, and he also holds the franchise records for complete games (103), strikeouts (1,658), and innings pitched (2,873).

A promising outfielder prospect at Southern Illinois University, Stieb was converted to a starting pitcher after being drafted by the Blue Jays, who told him that it would be the quickest way to get him to the majors. Fast-tracked through the minors, he debuted in 1979. Stieb led the American League (AL) in earned run average (ERA) in 1985, finishing in the top five four other times (1982, 1983, 1984, and 1990). Stieb also twice led the AL in innings pitched (1982 and 1984). Injury prevented him from playing in the 1992 postseason, where the Blue Jays won their first World Series. After a stint with the Chicago White Sox, Stieb retired from baseball, only to make a brief return as a reliever for the Blue Jays in 1998 before retiring for good.

Stieb won 140 games in the 1980s, the second-highest total by a pitcher in that decade, behind only his rival (and later teammate) Jack Morris. He was known for flirting with no-hitters, having reached the ninth inning with no hits four times in five years before accomplishing the feat in 1990, throwing the first, and as of 2023 only, no-hitter in Blue Jays history.

Idris Ali

Idris Ali (30 December 1950 – 16 February 2024) was an Indian politician who was a Member of Parliament for the 16th Lok Sabha from Basirhat, West Bengal. He won the 2014 Indian general election as an Trinamool Congress candidate.

Idris Ali began his political career with Indian National Congress. For a long time he was the state chairman of the "Congress Minority Cell". In the 2014 Indian general election, he was elected as a member of parliament from the Basirhat seat on a Trinamool Congress ticket. He won by defeating a candidate of Communist Party of India (CPI) by a margin of 109,000 votes.
Ali died on 16 February 2024 due to different illnesses. He was 73 years old at the time of his death. He was previously diagnosed with COVID-19 but had recovered.

Shahed 131

The Shahed 131 or Geran-1 (when used by Russians) is a Iranian-made suicide drone that became well known in October of 2022 during the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The suicide drone is powered by a Wankel engine model made by Shahed Aviation Industries.



Jaysh al-Ummah al-Salafi Bayt al-Maqdis

Jaysh al-Ummah al-Salafi Bayt al-Maqdis ("The Salafi Army of the Salafi Muslims in Jerusalem") is Salafi jihadist militant group in the Gaza Strip. The group supports Al-Qaeda and dislikes Hamas.

The group is a small group and it had only 25 members in 2008. It is led by Abu Hafs al-Maqdisi and attempts to finance itself using cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin.

FC Flora

FC Flora, also known as Flora Tallinn or Flora, is a football club which plays in Estonia. It is based in Tallinn. Its home ground is the Lilleküla Stadium.


Polypedates insularis

The Nicobarese tree frog or Nicobar tree frog ("Polypedates insularis") is a frog. It lives in India on the Nicobar Islands. People have seen it as high as 500 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees in forests, but they can also live in gardens, farms, and houses.

This frog lives on Great Nicobar, Little Nicobar, and Pulo Milo. Scientists believe this frog is in some danger of dying out because the place it lives is not very big. People are planning to build a place for ships on Great Nicobar. If they do, much of the place where the frog lives will be gone.

San Quintin

San Quintín or San Quintin is the name of several places:


Saint Andrew Parish, Grenada

Saint Andrew is a parish on the Carribean island of Grenada. It’s the easternmost of the country’s six parishes, the largest one by area and the second largest one by population. Its capital is Grenville.

USA-181

USA-181 was the first payload to be launched on the Delta IV Heavy rocket.

USA-181 launched on The Maiden Flight of the Delta IV Heavy Rocket on December 21, 2004, from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, LC-37B.

USA-181 is permanently attached to the second stage of the first Delta IV Heavy rocket.

As of 2024 USA-181 remains in a Medium Earth Orbit attached to the First Delta IV Heavy rocket.

Saint Mark Parish, Grenada

Saint Mark is a parish on the Carribean island of Grenada. It’s located in the west of the island and is Grenada‘s smallest parish, as well by area as by population. The capital is Victoria.

Adak Airport

Adak Airport is an airport in Alaska. It is located west of the town of Adak, Alaska.

Sclerorhynchoidei

Sclerorhynchoidei, the sawskates, is an extinct suborder of cartilaginous fish that had long rostra with large denticles similar to sawfishes and sawsharks. This feature was just convergent evolution and their closest living relatives are actually skates.

The suborder contains five families, the Ganopristidae, Ischyrhizidae, Onchopristidae, Ptychotrygonidae, and Schizorhizidae. Some genera are not in any of these families.

"Onchopristis" is an extinct genus of giant sclerorhynchoid. Isolated rostral denticles are the most common fossils, but rostra, chondrocrania, jaws, oral teeth, vertebrae, and dermal denticles were also found.

"Baharipristis" is an extinct genus of sawskate from the Cretaceous period.

"Onchosaurus" is an extinct genus of ganopristid sawskate.

"Schizorhiza" is an extinct genus of Cretaceous schizorhizid.
"Atlanticopristis" (meaning "Atlantic saw") is an extinct genus of Cretaceous ganopristid.


Balistes vegai

Balistes vegai is an extinct species of triggerfish that lived during the Miocene. It is classified in the genus "Balistes". It is the largest species of "Balistes" and probably the largest triggerfish to ever exist. Its size surpassed the largest triggerfish today, the stone triggerfish.


Grey triggerfish

The grey triggerfish ("Balistes capriscus") or leatherjacket, is a triggerfish in the genus "Balistes" that is found in shallow parts of the western Atlantic from Nova Scotia to Argentina and also the eastern Atlantic, the Mediterranean Sea and off Angola on the west coast of Africa.

The grey triggerfish is primarily olive-gray. It has blue dots and lines on the body and dorsal fin. It has a laterally compressed body shaped like a large rugby ball.

The small beak at the tip of the snout has fleshy lips. The body, aside from being compressed, has a tough, leathery skin. It is also pale gray, greenish-gray, or yellowish-brown.

As mentioned earlier, the grey triggerfish is in the western Atlantic Ocean. It can be found over hard bottoms on reefs and rocky areas, in lagoons and in bays, at depths down to about 55 m (180 ft). Once considered to be an uncommon visitor to northern European seas, an increase in records around the coast of Cornwall say it is now breeding there.
People in Florida and elsewhere love going fishing for grey triggerfish. It is also notorious for being a bait stealer. It is also associated with black sea bass and red snapper. Its mouth is bony, so to catch it, you'll need a small sharp hook that is baited with squid or cut bait.



Balistes dubius

Balistes dubius is an extinct species of Miocene triggerfish in the genus "Balistes".

The paleoart of "Balistes dubius" on the left shows that this small triggerfish was probably medium turquoise in color. However, not much info is known about this tetraodontiform fish.


Korean sandlance

The Korean sandlance ("Hypoptychus dybowskii") is a species of marine ray-finned fish. It is the only member of the monotypic family Hypoptychidae. It is classified in the suborder Gasterosteoidei. It is endemic in the northwestern Pacific Ocean.

The Korean sandlance's genus name, "Hypoptychus", is a combination of "hypo", which means "under", and "ptychos", meaning "fold", an allusion to the fin fold on the lower surface of the body. 

The Korean sandlance is an elongated fish shaped like a thin rugby ball. Its dorsal and anal fins are placed well back on the body towards the caudal fin. Around the eye is a broken ring. There's no pelvic girdle or pelvic fins.



Mike Clancy (politician)

Mike Clancy is an American lawyer, business executive, and politician. He's known for being active in different professional fields and for sticking to conservative beliefs. Clancy was the first Republican to run for the 10th congressional district in Virginia after Democrat Jennifer Wexton said she wouldn't run again.

Mike Clancy was born to an Air Force sergeant and a schoolteacher. He grew up on Air Force bases across the country.

Clancy focused on government, law, technology, cybersecurity, healthcare, and medical ethics during his higher education. He got his Bachelor of Arts degree with High Honors in Government and Philosophy from the University of Notre Dame. Later, he earned his law degree with Honors from the George Washington University Law School. Additionally, Clancy finished executive education programs on cybersecurity policy at the John F. Kennedy School of Government and healthcare policy and bioethics at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.

Mike Clancy has worked in different fields like government, law, technology, healthcare, and cybersecurity. He started his legal career as a lawyer at the Attorney's Office of the General Counsel, where he was praised for his outstanding work. Right now, Clancy has a senior executive and legal role at a global technology company. He heads a team that focuses on government, education, and healthcare sectors.

Clancy is also a well-known commentator in the national media, sharing his views on political, legal, and constitutional matters. He frequently contributes to platforms such as Newsmax, The Daily Caller, and Fox News.

In October 2023, Mike Clancy announced he was running for the United States House of Representatives seat representing Virginia's 10th Congressional District. He said he wants to oppose what he sees as the "radical left's failed policies" and to "restore America's trajectory".

Carmilla (web series)

Carmilla is the name of a web series about a vampire. This web series is on YouTube and has three seasons. The Carmilla web series is one of the more popular web series to exist. This web series was inspired by a book by Sheridan Le Fanu, whose book is also called "Carmilla."

Fasolasuchus

Fasolasuchus (meaning Fasola crocodile) is the largest rauisuchian to be discovered. It grew to 10 meters (33 ft) long and weight 2 tons which outweighs any of the present land predators such as the polar bear, grizzly bear, and the siberian tiger. It lived 220-205 million years ago in the Late Triassic in what is now known as Argentina. It is known from only a skull so far. Unlike the Postosuchus, this Fasolasuchus had only one row of osteoderms.

Deaths in May 1999

The following is a list of notable deaths in May 1999.

Entries for each day are listed alphabetically by surname. A typical entry lists information in the following sequence:
































Willibald Stejskal

Willibald "Willy" Stejskal (25 April 1896- ?) was an Austrian football player and coach. He played mainly for SK Rapid Wien as defender. He also played one match for the Austrian national football team.
He played for Rapid Vienna from 1914 to 1923. In this period he won with the club four national championships and once the Austrian Cup. In 1923 he also played for Wacker Wien and in 1924 he finished his Austrian career as player with Wiener AF.

Then he moved to Australia. In 1928 he played for the team of the stove manufacturer Metters Limited.
He made his debut for Austria in June 1918 in a friendly match at home against Hungary. This was his only match for the national football team..

Samara Metro

Samara Metro is a system of urban off-street rail public transport in the city of Samara. This is the fifth largest subway commissioning in the RSFSR and the tenth in the USSR and the post-Soviet space. Until 1992 it was called the Kuibyshev Metro, and since October 2013 - after A. A. Rosovsky. Includes 10 stations, of which 9 are underground and one above-ground. The network length is 11.6 km.

In September 1980, construction began on the section between the Prospekt Lenina and Oktyabrskaya stations. However, the tunnel was mothballed, and the construction of the metro was moved to Yungorodok. At the end of 1980, construction began on the Kirovskaya station in Yungorodka, and in September 1981, tunneling began between the Kirovskaya and Bezymyanka stations.

The first line of the Kuibyshev metro was planned to open in 1987. Regular passenger traffic at the launch site was opened on December 26, 1987. The Metropolitan became the 5th in the RSFSR and the 12th in the USSR.

On August 11, 2010, restrictions on photography and video shooting in the metro area were lifted.

On October 11, 2013, the Samara metro was named after Alexey Rosovsky

Noctambulant

Noctambulant is the second studio album by Spawn of Possession. The album was released on July 4, 2006.

Tengkolok

Tengkolok (Jawi: ‏تڠكولوق‎‎) also known as Tanjak or Destar, is a traditional headgear worn by Malay men. It is usually made from songket cloth and folded in a certain way called "Solek". In the past, it was worn in Palembang by nobles and leaders. Nowadays, it's worn mostly in special ceremonies, like royal events and weddings.

The shape of the Tengkolok inspired the design of the National Library of Malaysia in Kuala Lumpur. Architects "Ikmal Hashim Albakri" and "Victor Chew" designed the library in 1994. They wanted the building to reflect Malaysia's intellectual achievements and rich cultural heritage.

According to the Dewan Dictionary, the words ""tengkolok"", ""destar"", and ""setanjak"" or ""tanjak"" mean the same thing. Besides what was mentioned earlier, "tengkolok" can also mean a cloth covering for a woman's head or veil. However, this meaning is not common anymore, except in some places like Jambi, and it's not used much in other languages like Minangkabau. The root word for "tengkolok" is "kuluk".

But some people argue that ""tengkolok"", ""destar"", and ""tanjak"" are different in the type of fabric and how they are tied, even though they serve the same purpose. "Tengkolok" is made of high-quality cloth, layered thickly, and tapers upwards. "Destar," however, has a thin and low circumference compared to the head. "Tanjak" is like a hood, but the fabric is simpler and thinner.

In the past, Tengkolok was worn by leaders in communities. The Supreme Leader of Malaysia, called the "Yang di-Pertuan Agong", wears a special Tengkolok as part of their outfit. This Tengkolok, known as "Tengkolok Raja," is made of black silk with gold thread. It has a crescent moon and an eleven-pointed star made of white gold with diamonds, showing the National Coat of Arms.

In a Malaysian folk tale about Muzaffar Shah, the son of the last Sultan of Melaka, it's said that when the Portuguese took over the Sultanate of Melaka in 1511, Muzaffar Shah was asked to rule Perak. On his journey to Perak, his ship started sinking. To lighten the ship, Muzaffar Shah threw out everything, but it didn't work until he threw the crown into the sea. Taking it as a sign, he vowed to never wear a crown again. Since then, legend says, sultans wear Tengkolok instead of crowns.

Tengkolok comes in many styles, made from different kinds of cloth, based on a person's social status. The general term for these different styles is called "solek". Each style also has its own special name. For example, the tengkolok worn by the "Yang di-Pertuan Agong" during "becoming the king" ceremony is called "Solek Dendam Tak Sudah" (Persistent Vengeance Style).

Each Malay king has their own unique style of tengkolok. For example, the Sultan of Selangor wears a beautiful golden yellow tengkolok called "Solek Balung Raja" (Royal Crest Style) during big events like becoming king or celebrating their birthday.

Lyndhurst, New Zealand

Lyndhurst is a small settlement in the Ashburton District, New Zealand. It is situated 10 kilometers east of Methven. It had a primary school that opened in 1886 and closed in 1998 due to declining numbers, it is now a reserve on the former school grounds.

 

Ordinary Lives

"Ordinary Lives" is a 1989 written by Bee Gees and is the leading single from their 16th studio album "One". It was dedicated to their younger brother Andy Gibb following his death in 1988. It went to number 54 in the United Kingdom, number 27 in the Netherlands, number 8 in Germany and number 19 in Austria.

International Purple Hijab Day

International Purple Hijab Day (sometimes known as Global Hijab Day or Purple Hijab Day) is an international day in memory of "Aasiya Zubair", who was murdered by her husband in a case of domestic violence. Zubair was murdered on February 12, 2009, and so Purple Hijab Day takes place each year near the date she died. It is observed to remember her and the domestic violence she suffered. Since then, it has become a day to also remember those who have suffered as a result of a crime or other event of domestic violence. It is observed on the second Saturday of February every year. It is most often observed by Muslims. On this day, women wear a head covering or veil of Purple colour. Other people who are not muslim can also participate. They can wear a purple hijab, headscarf, tie, hat or Kufi. In 2024, it was observed on 10th of February.

Many people believe that violence against women is allowed by Islam. "The Baitul Salaam Network", a group that works with women who have faced domestic violence states that "one of the most ugly stereotypes"(a fixed image or set of qualities that a lot of people believe represent a particular type of person or thing)" is that Islam gives men the right to beat their wives."

The Voice of Libyan Women (VLW) stated that “It has been argued many times that violence against women is allowed in Islam, however, this is a huge falsehood due to the misinterpretation and misuse of religion. Islam does not teach, accept, or allow abuse "(the cruel and violent treatment of a person or animal)" of any living thing” Instead, they say that Islam teaches "Muslims not to harm others" and Muslims are taught to believe there is a big punishment for Muslims in the Life after death who do harm to others or abuse the land, sea or plant life".
When Aasiya Zubair, an American–Muslim who helped start Bridges TV, was killed by her husband, it became known that she had been physically and emotionally injured by him for many years. Her murder made Muslim communities start to talk about domestic violence more. Aasiya Hadayai Majeed, who works at the Baitul Salaam Network "(a group that works with women who have faced domestic violence)", said this. After Zubair died, people started to talk more about stopping domestic violence in the Muslim community. Zubair died on February 12, 2009. Each year, near the date she died, people celebrate Purple Hijab Day to remember her and the domestic violence she faced. The first Purple Hijab Day was on February 13, 2010. They chose the color as purple because it's linked to sadness and grief.


Gustav Putzendopler

Gustav Putzendopler (16 February 1894 - 20 November 1960) was an Austrian footballer and coach. He played in the 1910s as midfielder for SK Rapid Wien. In the 1920s he played for FC Basel. He also played two matches for the Austrian national football team.

He played from 1913 till 1920 for SK Rapid Wien. During this time he won 5 champion titels an two cup titels. 1920 he went to Switzerland and played for FC Basel.

He debuted on 6 April 1919 in a away loss versus Hungary. His last match was on 5 October of the same year in a home win also versus Hungary. 


Duke Charles Louis Frederick of Mecklenburg

Charles Louis Frederick of Mecklenburg (23 February 1708 in Strelitz; † 4. June 1752 in Mirow) was a prince in the House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.He is also known as prince of Mirow. He never regned. Two of his sons, Adolf Friedrich (IV) and Charles (II) became regents of Mecklenburg. His daughter, Sophie Charlotte became the queen of Great-Britain, after marrying George III. 

Lilleküla Stadium

The Lilleküla Stadium (also known as A. Le Coq Arena) is a football stadium in Tallinn, Estonia. It has a capacity of 14,336, which makes it the largest football stadium in Estonia.

Lilleküla Stadium was the home stadium of football clubs Flora and Levadia and the Estonia national football team. It was used for the 2018 UEFA Super Cup and the 2012 UEFA European U19 Championship.

In 2002, A. Le Coq bought naming rights for the stadium.


Michael Costello

Michael Costello (born January 20, 1983) is an American fashion designer and reality television personality. He appeared on the eighth season of Project Runway and the first season of Project Runway All Stars.

Cultural anthropology

Cultural anthropology is a branch of ethnology that looks at groups of people, and the forms of culture they developed. Sometimes it is also seen as a branch of anthropology. 


Biological interaction

In ecology, a biological interaction is the effect that a pair of organisms living together in a community have on each other. Biological interactions affect the adaptation and evolution of the species involved. The interactions range from mutualism, beneficial to both partners, to competition, harmful to both partners. Interactions can be direct when there is physical contact or indirect, through intermediaries such as shared resources, territories, ecological services, metabolic waste, toxins or growth inhibitors. This type of relationship can be shown by net effect based on individual effects on both organisms arising out of relationship.

Several recent studies have suggested non-trophic species interactions such as habitat modification and mutualisms can be important determinants of food web structures. However, it remains unclear whether these findings generalize across ecosystems, and whether non-trophic interactions affect food webs randomly, or affect specific trophic levels or functional groups.

FCI Levadia Tallinn

FCI Levadia Tallinn, also known as FCI Levadia or Levadia, is an Estonian football club from Tallinn. Its home ground is the Lilleküla Stadium.

The club was founded in 1998 in Maardu and moved to Tallinn in 2004. Levada has played in the Meistriliiga since the 1999 season. They have won 10 Meistriliiga titles, 10 Estonian Cups and 8 Estonian Supercups.




List of Prehistoric Wars

This is a list of wars that happened during the Prehistoric era. At that time, history was not documented. This has caused problems in figuring out what had happened during these times. 

Most prehistoric 'battles' are only known by their locations in a country; county; prefecture; district; etc. For example, Jebel Sahaba is a place in Northern Sudan, not the battle's name. And you can notice that on the list, the battles have a vast range of date. This is because archaeologists can't decide exactly when the battle took place. The DNA in the bones (if there are any) can only give an idea of which condition and in what era the remains were buried. So these battle sites are something like inaccurate graves. 

The two letters, B and C that appear after the numbers of the date mean, 'before Christ', or basically, when Christ (the son of god in Christianity) was born. Now many people, and the word BC, refers the year 0 to when Christ was born. Actually, Jesus is calculated to be born in about 6 to 4 BC, if 0 is still interpreted as 0.

Divine providence

Divine providence is the idea that there is a higher being that influences the course of history. The idea is that the course of history is fixed. Usually, this clashes with the idea that people have a free will, and that by making choices, they influence history. 


Saint-Sulpice-la-Pointe

Saint-Sulpice-la-Pointe (before 2013: "Saint-Sulpice") is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Salvi-de-Carcavès

Saint-Salvi-de-Carcavès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Salvy-de-la-Balme

Saint-Salvy-de-la-Balme is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Sernin-lès-Lavaur

Saint-Sernin-lès-Lavaur is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Urcisse, Tarn

Saint-Urcisse is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Paintbrush

A paintbrush is a tool that is used to apply paint, or ink. On the one end, it has bristles, and on the other, it has a handle.

Rajbanshi people

In the middle of the 4th century AD, Maharaja Mahapadma Nanda of Magadha attacked Pundravadhana and the Maharaja of Pundravadhana was defeated in that battle. We all know that Mahapadma Nanda was a Kshatriya Nidhana Vrathi. Hence Mahapadma Nanda came to be known as "Sarva-Kshatrantaka". So at that time members of the Kshatriya class went to different places to escape from the hands of Mahapadma Nanda, the king of Magadha. Eg: Ratnapeeth in Kamrup, Nepal, Orissa (Even today Sambalpur area of Orissa has Pundrakshatriya (Rajbanshi Kshatriya) population and the language is also Rajbanshi.)

Culture: According to a 2019 study, the Rajbanshi community has oral traditions of agriculture, dance, music, medical practice, song, house building, culture and language. Rajbanshis are mainly Shivite and Vaishnava devotees, Durga Puja, Kali Puja, Saraswati Puja, Lakshmi Puja, Mansa Puja, Ganga Puja, Vishwa Puja, Tistaburi Puja, Yatra Puja, etc. Patriarchalfamily. Frog wedding held on the occasion of drought, lack of rain, etc. is one of the main religious ceremonies of Rajbansi. By profession they are mainly farmers and believe in independent work. Independent minded people.

Surname: The surnames of Rajbanshis are - Ray, Burma, Das, Burman, Singha, Rajbanshi, Adhikari, Roy Chowdhury, Sarkar, Sinha, etc.

Foods: The Rajbanshi community was traditionally a largely agricultural community, mainly cultivating rice, pulses and maize. Rice is the staple food of most of the population. Even in the 21st century, a large part of this community still adheres to a rural lifestyle, although urbanization continues to increase. Assam, West Bengal, Nepal, Bangladesh food and food styles are similar. Rice and pulses are eaten regularly along with vegetables and bhaji (fries – mainly potatoes). Usually vegetable preparations, mostly cooked with very little oil. Cooking is done mainly using mustard oil, although sometimes sunflower oil is used. In terms of non-vegetarian diet, the Rajbanshi population consumes a lot of meat and eggs compared to other neighboring communities of Bengal, who consume a lot of fish. Duck and chicken eggs are consumed.

Home: A typical Rajbanshi house design is rectangular in pattern, with an open space (Agina) in the middle. This is mostly done to protect against wild animals and strong winds. Every Rajbanshi house has Mansa or Kali Tagore at the entrance. The north side has betel and fruit plantations, the west has bamboo plantations while the east and south are generally left open to allow sunlight and breeze to enter the house. Although such a pattern is more common among landed gentry.

Clothing: Among the traditional clothes of Rajbanshis mainly women use sarees, chadars, patanis etc. and men's traditional clothes are dhoti, punjabi, lungi, jama, genji, chadar. Although modern clothes are widely available.

Music: Music is an integral part of royal culture. The main styles of music of Rajbanshi culture are Bhavaiya, Chatka, Chorchunni, Palatia, Lahankari, Tukkhaya, Bishahari Pala etc. Various instruments are used for such performances, stringed instruments like dotara, sarindra and bena, two-membrane instruments like tasi, dhak, khol, desi dhol and mridanga, kansi, khartal like ganga and bells and sanai, mouth flute and kupa- Wind instruments like this.

Rajbansi people have their own language and culture. Their language is Kamtapuri-Rajbanshi language. Although the West Bengal government recognizes this language, it is still not listed in the Eighth Schedule of India. Their Bhavaiya music is one of the most famous music of India. From Cooch Behar, India, a periodical named Dotrar Dang in Rajbanshi language was published from 1417 Bengal.

Rajbanshi Language Academy has been formed in West Bengal. Poetry, stories, songs written in Kamtapuri-Rajbanshi language are increasing. Rajbanshi songs have gradually become the heartbeat of the people of this area. These beautiful songs are played in all kinds of events of Rajbanshi. But now a day several modern songs have been created which are at the peak of popularity.

Language: Now everything is proven through modern research that Kamrupi / Kamtapuri / Rajbanshi / Goalpariya / Rangpuri / Tajpuri / Suryapuri / Barendri / Bangakamrupi / Banga-Assamese language, the same language and different names are known in different places.

That means Rajbanshi / Kamtapuri language is recognized as official language in West Bengal and Nepal. That is, Rajbanshi language now means international language.
Balistoides

Balistoides is a genus of Indo-Pacific triggerfish.



Clown triggerfish

The clown triggerfish ("Balistoides conspicillum") is a triggerfish in the genus "Balistoides". It is diurnal and will always defend its territory. It can be very aggressive with other fish or even humans.

The clown triggerfish is an easy fish to keep. It is easy to feed and acclimate. Like many other triggerfish, it needs a large aquarium and be aggressive towards other fish. This fish can't be put with smaller fish. In aquaria, it will prey on invertebrates.

Out of the 40 species of triggerfish, the clown triggerfish is the only one that is considered inedible. 

The clown trigger can grow up to 50 cm (19.7 inches). Its body has an oval shape. The fish's body is also compressed, too. The first dorsal fin is erectile The second dorsal fin is similar in shape and size to the anal fin. It also has a pelvic fin. Around the mouth is a yellow ring.

"Balistoides conspicillum" loves to feed on benthic organisms such as mollusks, echinoderms and crustaceans.

Le Sserafim

Le Sserafim (; ; stylized in all caps) is a South Korean girl group that debuted (came into existence) on 2 May 2022. The group is made of five members: Sakura, Kim Chae-won, Huh Yun-jin, Kazuha and Hong Eun-chae. Kim Ga-ram was the sixth member, but she was forced by their label to leave the group on 20 July 2022. They make K-pop music under the labels Source Music (a subsidiary of Hybe Corporation) and Geffen Records. The main concept of their music is confidence.

Some of the members were already famous before their debut in the group. Sakura is a Japanese actress and a past member of HKT48 (a sister group of AKB48). Sakura, Chaewon and Yunjin took part in the talent show "Produce 48" to become members of Iz*One, but only Sakura and Chaewon won.

The group's name, Le Sserafim, is an anagram of the sentence "I'm Fearless". It is also a reference to (a type of angel). Their fans are called "Fearnots".

Current members

Past members



Medina, Texas

Medina, Texas may mean:

Vieste

Vieste is a town and "comune" in the Province of Foggia in the Apulia region in southeast Italy. The town is on the eastern tip of the Gargano peninsula. It is within the Gargano National Park. The economy is based on agriculture and fishing.


Texas's 15th congressional district

Texas's 15th congressional district is a congressional district in the United States House of Representatives that includes South Texas. The district's current representative is Republican Monica De La Cruz.

Mattinata

Mattinata is a "comune" in the Province of Foggia in the Apulia region in Italy. It is part of the Gargano National Park.

Peschici

Peschici is a town and "comune" in the Province of Foggia in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

Death Race 3: Inferno

Death Race 3: Inferno (also known as Death Race 3 Death Race: Inferno) is a 2013 American science fiction action film directed by Roel Reiné and written by Tony Gigilo. it is the third installment in the Death Race film series, and a sequel to Death Race 2 (2010) and a prequel to Death Race (2008). the film takes place between the second and first film, and follows

Hanu-Man

Hanu-Man (also marketed as HanuMan) is a 2024 Indian Telugu-language superhero movie written and directed by Prasanth Varma and produced by Primeshow Entertainment. It stars Teja Sajja in the title role, alongside Amritha Aiyer, Varalaxmi Sarathkumar, Samuthirakani, Vinay Rai and Vennela Kishore. The movie is set in the fictional village of Anjanadri and is the first installment of the Prasanth Varma Cinematic Universe (PVCU). Set in a fictional place called Anjanadri, the movie follows the story of Hanumanthu, who gets the power of Lord Hanuman to save the people of Anjanadri, and faces off against Michael after coming in contact with a mysterious gem.

The movie was officially announced in May 2021. Principal photography commenced on 25 June 2021 in Hyderabad and was wrapped by mid-April 2023. The movie has music composed by GowraHari and Anudeep Dev; cinematography by Dasaradhi Sivendra; visual effects supervised by Venkat Kumar Jetty; and editing by Sai Babu Talari.

"Hanu-Man" was released on 12 January 2024, on the occasion of Sankranti to positive reviews from critics praising Prashanth Varma's direction, screenwriting, cast performances, visualisation of Lord Hanuman, background score, VFX, production design, and action sequences. The movie broke several box-office records for a Telugu movie. The movie has grossed over , emerging as the second highest-grossing Indian movie of 2024, highest-grossing Telugu movie of 2024 and the eighth highest-grossing Telugu movie worldwide. A sequel is in development.


Law and Justice

Law and Justice ( PiS) is a right-wing populist and national-conservative political party in Poland. Its chairman is Jarosław Kaczyński.

It was founded in 2001 by Jarosław and Lech Kaczyński as a direct successor of the Centre Agreement after it split from the Solidarity Electoral Action (AWS). It won the 2005 parliamentary and presidential elections. Lech became the president of Poland. It headed a parliamentary coalition with the League of Polish Families and Self-Defence of the Republic of Poland between 2005 and the 2007 election. In 2007 it was second. It was the parliamentary opposition until 2015. It won the presidency in the 2015 election, and later won a majority of seats in the parliamentary election. They kept the positions following the 2019 and 2020 election, but lost their majority following the 2023 Polish parliamentary election. The President Andrzej Duda is a PiS nominee.

At the start it was a centrist Christian democratic party. Then it had more socially conservative views. It shifted to the right. Under Kaczyński's national-conservative and law and order agenda, it wanted economic interventionism. It has close relations with the Catholic Church, although in 2011, the Catholic-nationalist faction split off to form United Poland. During the 2010s, it also adopted right-wing populist positions. After regaining power, PiS gained popularity with transfer payments to families with children.

It is a member of the European Conservatives and Reformists, and on national-level, it heads the United Right coalition. In 2024 it had 163 seats in the Sejm and 34 in the Senate.

Firouzkouh

Firouzkouh () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Firouzkouh County.

Damavand

Damavand () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Damavand County.

Eslamshahr

Eslamshahr () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Eslamshahr County.

Nazarabad

Nazarabad () is a city in Alborz province, Iran. It is the capital of Nazarabad County.

Hand of Soccer

(Hand of Soccer) is a penalty in Soccer that is illegal use of the hands during the game of Association football. 

It is also a game for people with different disabilities to play the game of mini basketball.

Pakdasht

Pakdasht () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Pakdasht County.

Robat Karim

Robat Karim () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Robat Karim County.

Hashtgerd

Hashtgerd () is a city in Alborz province, Iran. It is the capital of Savojbolagh County.

Shahriar, Tehran province

Shahriar () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Shahriar County.

Varamin

Varamin () is a city in Tehran province, Iran. It is the capital of Varamin County.

Polypedates occidentalis

The Charpa tree frog or Nagercoil whipping frog ("Polypedates occidentalis") is a frog. It lives in India. People have seen it in the Parambikulam Tiger Reserve and Charpa Forest Range in Kerala. People have seen it between 100 and 1100 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests, both forests that have never been cut down and forests that have been cut down and then grew back. It can also live on farms and in places where humans live.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people are changing the place where it lives.

Scientists say this frog is related to "P. cruciger", "P. pseudocruciger", and "P. maculatus".

Friulian language

Friulian (or Friulano in Italian) is a Romance language spoken in the Friuli region of northeastern Italy. It belongs to the Rhaeto-Romance language family.

Metamodernism

Metamodernism is a term that describes a way of thinking in academia that goes further than postmodernism. Metamodernism involves mixing modernist and postmodernist ideas, and sometimes even older, traditional ones. Metamodernists think that the negative approach of postmodernism of denying all ideas of truth is limited because it does not give a way forward much of the time. They also feel that the modernist idea of making new ideas has its benefits for being more optimistic than postmodernism. Metamodernists think the modernist ideas are not enough though, saying that postmodernism is useful as it keeps us alert. It is one of the ways to explain what comes after postmodernism.

Imagine a swing going back and forth. That's how some people think about metamodernism. It moves between the serious feelings of modernism and the sarcastic feelings of postmodernism. Others, like philosopher Jason Storm, say that metamodernism is not a swing going back and forth, but a spiral which spirals upwards. Jason Storm said that postmodernism is more like a spiral which goes downwards. That means that rather than criticising ideas (postmodernism), building on them while also criticising them (metamodernism).

In short, metamodernism is a way of thinking and creating that mixes and moves between being alert and being heartfelt, trying to understand and express the complex and connected world we live in today.

The word "metamodern" first popped up in 1975 with Mas'ud Zavarzadeh, talking about new ways of writing stories in America. Over the years, different people used "metamodern" to describe new art and literature that mixed modernism and postmodernism.

Back in 2002, Linda Hutcheon said we needed a new name for what was coming after postmodernism. She felt postmodernism was ending and challenged people to find a new name for the current cultural phase.

In 2010, Timotheus Vermeulen and Robin van den Akker wrote about metamodernism. Vermeulen and van den Akker are considered two of the main thinkers of metamodernism. They noticed a mix of old and new ideas in culture, like a swing between hope and sarcasm. They thought of metamodernism as a mix of old and new feelings, like being both naive and smart at the same time. They listed lots of examples in their work like the architecture of Herzog & de Meuron, the films of David Lynch, and art by Bas Jan Ader, Peter Doig, Olafur Eliasson, Kaye Donachie, Charles Avery, and Ragnar Kjartansson.

Some filmmakers have started using the word to explain the films they are making. One example is the oscar-winning film Everything Everywhere All at Once, where the directors The Daniels said they wanted to make a metamodern film. In the film, they achieve this by writing a story about a mom and daughter pair who are struggling, showing how they try to solve tensions between old and a new ways of thinking and living in the modern world.

Saïx

Saïx is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saliès

Saliès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Salles, Tarn

Salles is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Salvagnac

Salvagnac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saussenac

Saussenac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sauveterre, Tarn

Sauveterre is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

La Sauzière-Saint-Jean

La Sauzière-Saint-Jean is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Ségur

Le Ségur is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sémalens

Sémalens is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Senaux

Senaux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Senouillac

Senouillac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Sequestre

Le Sequestre is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Acoustic Kitty

Acoustic Kitty was a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) project to use cats to spy on the Kremlin and Soviet embassies. It was the Directorate of Science and Technology of the CIA started the project in the 1960s.

The idea was to fit cats with microphones and an antenna to transmit the data. At first the idea was to use a special collar. It was found that this was to easy to detect, so the cat had to undergo surgery, to get the microphone and transmitter implanted. The microphone was put in the ear canal There was a small radio transmitter at the base of the skull, and a thin wire was put into its fur. 

This would allow the cat to innocuously record and transmit sound from its surroundings. Due to problems with distraction, the cat's sense of hunger had to be addressed in another operation. Victor Marchetti, a former CIA officer, said Project Acoustic Kitty cost about $20 million.

The first Acoustic Kitty mission was to eavesdrop on two men in a park outside the Soviet embassy in Washington, D.C. The cat was released nearby, but was hit and allegedly killed by a taxi almost immediately. However, this was disputed in 2013 by Robert Wallace, a former director of the Office of Technical Service, who said that the project was abandoned due to the difficulty of training the cat to behave as required, and "the equipment was taken out of the cat; the cat was re-sewn for a second time, and lived a long and happy life afterwards". Subsequent tests also failed. Shortly thereafter the project was considered a failure and declared to be a total loss. However, other accounts report more success for the project.

The project was cancelled in 1967. A closing memorandum said that the CIA researchers believed that they could train cats to move short distances, but that "the environmental and security factors in using this technique in a real foreign situation force us to conclude that for our (intelligence) purposes, it would not be practical." The project was disclosed in 2001, when some CIA documents were declassified.



National Premier Leagues

The National Premier Leagues (NPL) is a men's state soccer competition in Australia.

Below are listed the National Premier Leagues clubs in each respective state member federation from the 2023 season.

National Second Division

The National Second Division (NSD) is a proposed men's soccer league at the second level of the Australian soccer league system. It will be run by Football Australia and the Association of Australian Football Clubs (AAFC).

It has been suggested that the league will have between 12 and 16 teams, which would mostly clubs that currently compete in the National Premier Leagues (NPL).

It eventually aims to have a system of promotion and relegation with the A-League Men, which currently does not have promotion and relegation.

In November 2023, Football Australia announced the eight clubs that will compete in the first season.

More clubs will likely be announced later on. Several clubs are currently negotiating with Football Australia to join the competition in 2025.

Politics of Poland

The history of Poland is complex, and its political history is complicated by the changes in the boundaries and the population of the country. 

Since the end of communism many developed. The Polish United Workers' Party which had ruled the Polish People's Republic as a one-party state from 1948 to 1989 ceased to exist in 1990. 

The first election for president was held in 1990. Lech Wałęsa was elected. He beat Stanislaw Tyminski with 74% of the vote. Aleksander Kwasniewski, who had been in the Polish United Workers' Party was elected president in 1995 and 2000. He set up the Democratic Left Alliance. 

In 1991 there were open elections for the Seym. 111 political parties contested the elections. 29 of them got enough votes to get seats, but it was not possible to form a stable government and new elections were held in 1991. The rules were changed so that only parties that got at least 5% of the votes got seats. About a third of the votes went to right wing parties, but there were so many of them that they didnt get many people elected. The left wing parties had combined and got 46% of the members. 

In 1997 the conservative party Solidarity Electoral Action got 34% of the votes and 44% of the members. 

2020 in movies

2020 in movies is a history of events, which includes the highest-grossing films, award ceremonies, critics' lists of the best films of 2020, festivals, a list of country-specific lists of films released, and notable deaths.

TBA

The top films released in 2020 by worldwide gross are as follows

TBA

TBA

TBA

TBA

TBA
2019 in movies

2019 in film is a overview of events, including the highest-grossing films, award ceremonies, critics' lists of the best films of 2019, festivals, a list of country-specific lists of films released, and movie programming.

TBA

The top films released in 2019 by worldwide gross are as follows 

TBA

TBA 

TBA 

TBA

TBA 

TBA

TBA

TBA
Balistes vetula

Balistes vetula, the queen triggerfish or cochino, is a species of triggerfish in the genus "Balistes". This fish's coloration is a combination of blue, purple, turquoise, green, yellow, and light blue. It preys on invertebrates, notably sea urchins. In aquariums, it will often eat shrimp, squid, clams, octopuses, scallops, and crabs.

South Melbourne FC

South Melbourne Football Club, formerly called South Melbourne Hellas, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Albert Park, a suburb of Melbourne. The currently competes in the National Premier Leagues Victoria (NPL Victoria), and plays its home games at Lakeside Stadium.

South Melbourne was founded in 1965 by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Melbourne's Greek community, which is the largest in the world outside Greece.

During the National Soccer League (NSL) era between 1977 and 2007, South Melbourne were a very successful club. South Melbourne was one of only two clubs that competed in every season of the NSL (the other being Marconi Stallions). South Melbourne won the NSL four times, as well as many Dockerty Cups and Victorian State League titles. South Melbourne represented the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) at the first ever FIFA Club World Cup, held in 2000 in Brazil.

South Melbourne was chosen by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS) as the Oceanian Club of the 20th Century.

In 2023, South Melbourne was announced as one of the eight clubs that will compete in the first ever season of the National Second Division (NSD), the upcoming second level of the Australian soccer league system, in 2025.

Ange Postecoglou

Angelos "Ange" Postecoglou ( ; , "Angelos Postekoglou"; born 27 August 1965) is a Greek-born Australian soccer manager and former player. He is the current manager of Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur.

Postecoglou was born in Nea Filadelfeia in Athens, but grew up in Melbourne. He spent most of his club career playing as a defender for South Melbourne Hellas, and played four games for the Australian national team (nicknamed the "Socceroos"). Postecoglou became the manager of South Melbourne in 1996, leading the club to win two National Soccer League (NSL) titles and the Oceania Club Championship in 1999. He then led the men's national under-17 and under-20 teams.

Postecoglou managed Brisbane Roar and later Melbourne Victory in the A-League. He led Brisbane Roar to win the Premiership in 2011 and the Championship in 2011 and 2012. He managed the Socceroos from 2013 until 2017, leading the Socceroos to qualify for the 2014 FIFA World Cup and later to win the 2015 AFC Asian Cup. Two weeks after Australia qualified for the 2018 World Cup, Postecoglou resigned as manager of the team.

Postecoglou later managed J1 League club Yokohama F. Marinos, leading them to win the league in 2019. He then led Scottish Premiership club Celtic to win five trophies (including two league titles) in two seasons. In 2023, he became head coach of Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur.

Cliff Cash

Clifton Freeman Cash is an American stand-up comedian From North Carolina.

Cash was born in Gastonia, North Carolina.

He is also a photographer 

Chudhary Sher Ali

Chudhary Sher Ali is a Pakistani Politician who was served as 3rd Mayor of Faisalabad. Previously he served as 2nd Mayor of Faisalabad, his son is former Member of the National Assembly of Pakistan and Minister of state for Power of Pakistan.

Chudhary Sher Ali was born on 20 August 1949 in Faisalabad, formerly Layallpur to father Usman bin Dar.

In 1969, Chudhary Sher Ali join Pakistan Muslim League after 1987 he join Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz and Rana elections of mayor of Faisalabad and he beat M. Riaz Shahid in 1987.
In 1991 he again elected as mayor of Faisalabad.


Mayor of Faisalabad

Nazim-e-Faisalabad is the mayor who heads the Faisalabad Municipal Corporation (FMC) which controls the local government of Faisalabad. Chairman District Council Faisalabad

Deadpool &amp; Wolverine

Deadpool & Wolverine is an upcoming American superhero comedy movie. It is expected to be released on July 26, 2024 in North America. It is based on the Marvel Comics's character Deadpool. It is the sequel to "Deadpool" and "Deadpool 2" and is a part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It is the first Deadpool movie to be a part of the MCU. It was directed by Shawn Levy. 
Principal photography for the movie started in London, England on May 22, 2023 and ended on January 24, 2024. Filming was delayed because of the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike.

During development of the third Deadpool movie, their studio 21st Century Fox was purchased by The Walt Disney Company and it caused delays until the deal was completed. After the purchase, Deadpool would be transfered to the MCU. It would also keep its R rating.

Ryan Reynolds would describe the movie as a road trip-type movie and would also feature Hugh Jackman as Wolverine. It is Jackman's first time playing Wolverine since "Logan" in 2017.



Women's March on Versailles

The Women's March on Versailles was one of the earliest events of the French Revolution. It was also very important. Other names for the event are October March, October Days or simply March on Versailles. The march began on the morning of 5 October 1789. Women had gone to the marketplaces in Paris. When they became aware that the price of bread had increased once again, they nearly started a riot. There were also revoutionaries there. The revolutionaries had a political agenda: They wanted the state to become more liberal, and they also wanted to change the absolute monarchy into a constitutional one. The market women and their allies ultimately grew into a mob of thousands. They broke into the city armory, and stole weapons. Then they marched to the Palace of Versailles. The crowd besieged the palace, and successfully told their demands to King Louis XVI. The next day, the crowd forced the king, his family, and most of the French Assembly to return with them to Paris.

These events ended the king's independence. They were the start of a new balance of power. In the end, the established, privileged orders of the French nobility would lose their influence in favor of the common people, collectively known as the Third Estate. By bringing together people representing the sources of the Revolution in their largest numbers yet, the march on Versailles proved to be a defining moment of the Revolution.

At the start, there were poor harvests. Turgot, Louis XVI's Controller-General of Finances decreed that the grain market should be deregulated, in 1774. This was the main cause of a famine, which led to the Flour War in 1775. The fear of a famine was always present, at the end of the Ancien Régime. Many poor people, the loweer part of the Third Estate also believed that there was a plan to starve them. This plan was called "Pacte de Famine". Rumors that there would be food shortages caused the Réveillon riots in April 1789. Rumors of a plot to destroy wheat crops in order to starve the population provoked the Great Fear in the summer of 1789.

When the October "journées" took place, France's revolutionary decade, 1789–1799, had only just begun. The storming of the Bastille had occurred less than three months earlier. The Revolution's capacity for violence was not yet fully realized. The common citizens of France – particularly in Paris – began to participate in politics and government. The poorest among them focused almost exclusively on the issue of food: most workers spent nearly half their income on bread. In the post-Bastille period, price inflation and severe shortages in Paris were commonplace, as were local incidents of violence in the marketplaces.

The king's court and the deputies of the National Constituent Assembly resided comfortably in the royal city of Versailles. There, they were talking about big changes to to the French political system. Reformist deputies had managed to pass sweeping legislation in the weeks after the Bastille's fall, including the revolutionary August Decrees and the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen. The August Decrees formally abolished most privileges of noblemen and clergy. Their attention then shifted, towards the creation of a permanent constitution. There were different fractions, who wanted different things in the constitution. Some people,called Monarchists, thought that a monarchy was not that bad. After the revolution, they had a difficult position against the Reformers, who wanted to abolish the monarchy. By September of that year, the position of the Monarchists started to improve. During constitutional negotiations they were able to secure a legislative veto power for the king. Many of the reformers did not expect this; further negotiations were hobbled by discord.

Reforners found it difficult to negotiate in Versailles, the seat of power. They felt more at ease in Paris. Paris lay within walking distance, less than to the northeast. The reformist deputies were well aware that the four hundred or more monarchist deputies were working to transfer the Assembly to the distant royalist city of Tours, a place even less hospitable to their efforts than Versailles. Worse, many feared that the King, emboldened by the growing presence of royal troops, might simply dissolve the Assembly, or at least undo the August decrees. The King was indeed considering this, and when, on 18 September, he issued a formal statement giving his approval to only a portion of the decrees, the deputies were incensed. Stoking their anger even further, the King stated on 4 October that he had reservations about the Declaration of the Rights of Man.

Contrary to post-revolutionary mythology, the march was not a spontaneous event. Numerous calls for a mass demonstration at Versailles had already been made; notably, the Marquis of Saint-Huruge, one of the popular speakers of the Palais-Royal, had militated for just such a march in August. He wanted to evict the obstructionist deputies. He claimed that these people were protecting the King's veto power. His efforts were not successful. The revolutionaries still thought a march on Versailles to force the King to accept the Assembly's laws was a good idea. Speakers at the Palais-Royal mentioned it regularly, fanning suspicions that its proprietor, Louis Philippe II, Duke of Orléans, was secretly fomenting a mass action against Versailles. The idea of a march on Versailles was widespread and was even discussed in the pages of the "Mercure de France" (5 September 1789). Popular unrest was in the air and many nobles and foreigners fled.

There was a rebellion of the French Guards a few hours before the storming of the Bastille. The only troops immediately available for the security of the palace at Versailles were the aristocratic Garde du Corps (Body Guard) and the Cent-Suisses (Hundred Swiss). Both were primarily ceremonial units and lacked the numbers and training to provide effective protection for the royal family and the government. The king's minister of war, the Comte de Saint-Priest ordered the Flanders Regiment (a regular infantry regiment of the Royal Army) to Versailles in late September 1789. He did this out of precaution.

On 1 October, the officers at Versailles held a welcoming banquet for the officers of the newly-arrived troops. This was common practice when a unit changed its garrison. The royal family briefly attended, walking amongst the tables set up in the opera house of the palace. Outside, in the "cour de marbre" (central courtyard), the soldiers' toasts and oaths of fealty to the king grew more demonstrative as the night wore on.

The banquet was held at a time where many people did not have enough food, or could not afford it. So this banquet was an affront. Many newspaprs, among them "L'Ami du peuple," reported on the banquet. They called it a gluttonous orgy. Worst of all, the papers also wrote about that the tricolor cockade; had been desecrated: drunken officers were said to have stamped upon this symbol of the nation and professed their allegiance solely to the white cockade of the House of Bourbon. This tale of the royal banquet was a source of intense public outrage.

On the morning of 5 October, a young woman struck a marching drum at the edge of a group of market-women who were infuriated by the chronic shortage and high price of bread. From their starting point in the markets of the eastern section of Paris known as the Faubourg Saint-Antoine, the angry women forced a nearby church to ring its bells. Their numbers continued to grow and the group began to march. More women from other marketplaces joined in, many bearing kitchen blades and other makeshift weapons, as the tocsins rang from church towers throughout several districts. Driven by manny different agitators, the mob converged on the Hôtel de Ville (the City Hall of Paris) where they demanded not only bread, but arms. As more and more women – and men – arrived, the crowd outside the city hall reached between six and seven thousand, and perhaps as many as ten thousand.

One of the men was Stanislas-Marie Maillard, a prominent vainqueur of the Bastille. Maillard took his own drum and led with the cry of ""à Versailles!"" He was a popular figure among the market-women. Although hardly a man of gentle disposition, Maillard helped, by force of character, to suppress the mob's worst instincts; he rescued the Hôtel de Ville's quartermaster, Pierre-Louis Lefebvre-Laroche, a priest commonly known as "Abbé Lefebvre", who had been strung up on a lamppost for trying to safeguard its gunpowder storage. The City Hall itself was pillaged as the crowd surged through, confiscating its provisions and weapons. Maillard helped to prevent the crowd from burning down the entire building. In due course, the rioters' attention turned again to Versailles. Maillard deputized a number of women as group leaders and gave a loose sense of order to the proceedings as he led the crowd out of the city in the driving rain.

As they left, thousands of National Guardsmen who had heard the news were assembling at the "Place de Grève". The Marquis de Lafayette, in Paris as their commander-in-chief, discovered to his dismay that his soldiers were largely in favor of the march. Agitators encouraged them to join the march. Even though he was one of France's greatest war heroes, Lafayette could not dissuade his troops and they began threatening to desert. Rather than see them leave as another anarchic mob, the Parisian municipal government told Lafayette to guide their movements; they also instructed him to request that the king return voluntarily to Paris to satisfy the people. Sending a swift horseman forward to warn Versailles, Lafayette contemplated the near mutiny of his men: he was aware that many of them had openly promised to kill him if he did not lead or get out of the way. At four o'clock in the afternoon, fifteen thousand National Guardsmen with several thousand more civilian latecomers set off for Versailles. Lafayette reluctantly took his place at the head of their column, hoping to protect the king and public order.

The rioters had already availed themselves of the stores of the Hôtel de Ville, but they remained unsatisfied: they wanted not just one meal but the assurance that bread would once again be plentiful and cheap. Famine was a real and ever-present dread for the lower strata of the Third Estate, and rumors of an "aristocrats' plot" to starve the poor were rampant and readily believed.

The hunger and despair of the market women was the original reason for the march. What started as a search for bread soon took on other goals. Notably, there was common resentment against the reactionary attitudes prevailing in Court circles even before the uproar sparked by the notorious banquet precipitated the political aspects of the march. Activists in the crowd spread the word that the king needed to dismiss his royal bodyguards entirely and replace them all with patriotic National Guardsmen, a line of argument that resonated with Lafayette's soldiers.

These two popular goals led to a third, which was that the King and his court, and the Assembly as well, must all be moved to Paris to reside among the people. Only then would the foreign soldiers be expelled, food supply would be reliable and France served by a leader who was "in communion with his own people". The plan appealed to all segments of the crowd. Even those who were supportive of the monarchy (and there were many among the women) felt the idea of bringing home "le bon papa" was a good and comforting plan. For revolutionaries, the preservation of their recent legislative victories and the creation of a constitution were very important and a lockdown of the king within reformist Paris would provide a good environment for the Revolution to succeed.

The crowd traveled the distance from Paris to Versailles in about six hours. Among their makeshift weaponry they dragged along several cannons taken from the Hôtel de Ville.On their way the convinced or recruited more and more followers as they left Paris in the autumn rain. In their "poissard" slang, they chattered about bringing the king back home. They spoke less affectionately of the queen, Marie Antoinette, and many called for her death.

When the crowd reached Versailles, it was met by another group that had assembled from the surrounding area. Members of the Assembly greeted the marchers and invited Maillard into their hall, where he talked about the Flanders Regiment and the people's need for bread. As he spoke, the restless Parisians came pouring into the Assembly and sank exhausted on the deputies' benches. Hungry, fatigued, and bedraggled from the rain, they seemed to confirm that the siege was a simple demand for food. The unprotected deputies had no choice but to receive the marchers, who shouted down most of the speakers and demanded to hear from the popular reformist deputy Mirabeau. The great speaker declined this chance to speak. He joined with the market women, even sitting for some time with one of them upon his knee. A few other deputies welcomed the marchers warmly, including Maximilien Robespierre who was at that time a relatively obscure political figure. Robespierre spoke strong words of support for the women and their plight; his intervention helped to soften the crowd's hostility towards the Assembly.

The president of the Assembly, was Jean Joseph Mounier. When they arrived, Mounier had few options. For this reason, he accompanied a deputation of market-women into the palace to see the king. The crowd elected six women. Mounier accompanied these six women to the king's appartment, where they told the king of the problems of the crowd. The king responded sympathetically, and using all his charm impressed the women to the point that one of them fainted at his feet. After this brief but pleasant meeting, arrangements were made to disttribute some food from the royal stores, with more promised. Some people in the crowd felt that their goals had been met. As rain once again began to pelt Versailles, Maillard and a small cluster of market women trooped triumphantly back to Paris.

Most in the crowd, however, were not satisfied. They milled around the palace grounds with rumors abounding that the women's deputation had been duped – the queen would inevitably force the king to break any promises that had been made. Well aware of the mounting danger, Louis discussed the situation with his advisors. At about six o'clock in the evening, the king made a belated effort to quell the rising tide of insurrection: he announced that he would accept the August decrees and the Declaration of the Rights of Man without qualification. Adequate preparations to defend the palace were not made, however: the bulk of the royal guards, who had been deployed under arms in the main square for several hours facing a hostile crowd, was withdrawn to the far end of the park of Versailles. In the words of one of the officers: "Everyone was overwhelmed with sleep and lethargy, we thought it was all over." This left only the usual night guard of sixty-one Gardes du Corps posted throughout the palace.

Late in the evening, Lafayette's national guardsmen approached up the "Avenue de Paris". Lafayette immediately left his troops and went to see the king, grandly announcing himself with the declaration, "I have come to die at the feet of Your Majesty". Outside, an uneasy night was spent in which his Parisian guardsmen mingled with the marchers, and the two groups sounded each other out. Many in the crowd denounced Lafayette as a traitor, complaining of his resistance to leaving Paris and the slowness of his march. By the first light of morning, it was clear that the national guards and the women had formed an alliance and the crowd's vigor was restored.
At about six o'clock in the morning, some of the protesters discovered a small gate to the palace was unguarded. Making their way inside, they searched for the queen's bedchamber. The royal guards retreated through the palace, locking doors and barricading hallways and those in the compromised sector, the "cour de marbre", fired their guns at the intruders, killing a young member of the crowd. Infuriated, the rest surged towards the breach and streamed inside.

One of the "gardes du corps" on duty was killed immediately and his body decapitated. A second , posted outside the entrance to the Queen's apartments, attempted to face down the crowd and was struck down severely wounded. As battering and screaming filled the halls around her, the queen ran barefoot with her ladies to the king's bedchamber and spent several minutes banging on its locked door, unheard above the din. They escaped through the doorway safely and in time to avoid the crowd.

The chaos continued as other royal guards were found and beaten; at least one more was killed and his head too appeared atop a pike. Finally, the fury of the attack subsided enough to permit some communication between the former French Guards, who formed the professional core of Lafayette's National Guard militia, and the royal "gardes du corps". The units had a history of cooperation and a military sense of mutual respect, and Lafayette, who had been sleeping, awoke and intervened. The two groups of soldiers were reconciled by Lafayette and a tenuous peace was established within the palace.
The fighting stopped, and the two commands of troops had cleared the inside of the palace. The mob was still present outside the palace. The rank and file of both the Flanders Regiment and another regular unit present, the Montmorency Dragoons, now appeared unwilling to act against the people. While the "guet" (watch) of Gardes du Corps on palace duty overnight had shown courage in protecting the royal family, the main body of the regiment had abandoned their position near the Triannon and retreated to Rambouillet at dawn. Lafayette convinced the king to address the crowd. When the two men stepped out on a balcony an unexpected cry went up: ""Vive le Roi!"" (Long live the king!) The relieved king briefly conveyed his willingness to return to Paris, acceding "to the love of my good and faithful subjects". As the crowd cheered, Lafayette stoked their joy by dramatically pinning a tricolor cockade to the hat of the king's nearest bodyguard.

After the king withdrew, the presence of the Queen was demanded loudly. Lafayette brought her to the same balcony, accompanied by her young son and daughter. The crowd ominously shouted for the children to be taken away, and it seemed the stage might be set for a regicide. Yet, as the queen stood with her hands crossed over her chest, the crowd – some of whom had muskets leveled in her direction – warmed to her courage. Amid this unlikely development, Lafayette cannily let the mob's fury drain away until, with dramatic timing and flair, he knelt reverently and kissed her hand. The demonstrators responded with a muted respect, and many even raised a cheer which the queen had not heard for some time: ""Vive la Reine!""

The goodwill generated by these displays defused the situation, but to many observers the scene on the balcony lacked long-term resonance. However pleased it may have been by the royal displays, the crowd insisted that the king return with them to Paris.

At about one o'clock in the afternoon of 6 October 1789 the crowd escorted the royal family and a complement of one hundred deputies back to the capital, with the armed National Guards leading the way. By now the mass of people had grown to over sixty thousand, and the return trip took about nine hours. The procession could seem merry at times, as guardsmen hoisted up loaves of bread stuck on the tips of their bayonets, and some of the market women rode gleefully astride the captured cannon. Some people in the crowd sang pleasantries about their "Good Papa". Despite this, a violent undercurrent was clearly in evidence; celebratory gunshots flew over the royal carriage and some marchers carried pikes bearing the heads of the slaughtered Versailles guards. A sense of victory over the ""ancien régime"" animated the parade and the relationship between the King and his people would never be the same.

No one understood this so well as the king himself. After arriving at the dilapidated Tuileries Palace, abandoned since the reign of Louis XIV, he was asked for his orders and he replied with uncharacteristic diffidence, "Let everyone put himself where he pleases!". He then poignantly asked that a history of the deposed Charles I of England be brought from the library.

The rest of the National Constituent Assembly followed the king within two weeks to new quarters in Paris. In short order, the entire body settled in only a few steps from the Tuileries at a former riding school, the "Salle du Manège". However, some fifty-six "monarchien" deputies did not come with them, believing the mob in the capital to be dangerous. The October "journées" thus effectively deprived the monarchist faction of significant representation in the Assembly as most of these deputies retreated from the political scene; many, like Mounier, fled the country altogether.




Fear conditioning

Fear conditioning is a process that helps our brain learn to associate certain things with fear. This mechanism plays a crucial role in how we respond to potentially threatening situations
Fear conditioning is a type of learning where our brain associates a neutral stimulus with a fearful experience. In simple terms, it's like our brain creating a connection between something ordinary and something scary.

Imagine you hear a specific sound, like a bell ringing. At first, this sound means nothing to 
you; it's neutral and doesn't provoke any fear. 
Now, let's say that every time the bell rings, something scary happens, like a loud noise or a sudden shock. Your brain starts connecting the neutral sound (bell) with the frightening experience.
After repeated pairings of the bell and the scary event, your brain starts associating the bell with fear. Now, even if the scary event doesn't happen, just hearing the bell can make you feel afraid.

The amygdala, a small almond-shaped structure in the brain, is the key player in fear conditioning. It processes emotions, including fear, and helps us respond appropriately to potential threats. When the neutral stimulus becomes associated with fear, the amygdala signals our body to react, preparing us to face the perceived danger.

A classic example of conditioning to a neutral stimulus is 
Pavlov's experiment with dogs. He paired the sound of a bell with the presentation of food. Eventually, the dogs started salivating at the sound of the bell alone, anticipating the food.

In another famous experiment, Little Albert was exposed to a white rat along with loud noises. Over time, he became afraid not only of the rat but also of similar white, furry objects, illustrating how fear can generalize to similar stimuli.
Understanding fear conditioning helps us comprehend how phobias and anxiety disorders may develop. Traumatic experiences can lead to the association of neutral stimuli with fear, contributing to the persistence of irrational fears.

Fear conditioning is a fundamental process that allows our brains to adapt and respond to potential threats. By associating neutral stimuli with fear, our brain learns to recognize and react to situations that may be harmful. This simple yet powerful mechanism is crucial for our survival and shapes our emotional responses to the world around us.

Hassanally Abdul Rahman

Hassanally Aabdul Rahman or Hassan Ali Abdul Rahman ( ) was a lawyer and politician born in Karachi, Sindh. He lived from 1909 to 1986. 

He was born to a family of legal professionals, government officers, and people active in the education sector. His father was the late and influential Karachi citizen, Barrister Abdurrahman. He received his barrister-at-law from Middle Temple, England in 1934. 

He was one of the founding architects along with his younger brother Tufail Ali Abdul Rehman of the Sindh Muslim Government Law College in Karachi. He also served as the first principal of the college. Known as a social and community leader, Rahman was the vice chancellor of Sindh University, Jamshoro, where he served twice in the same capacity.

He was the treasurer of the Pakistan Institute of International Affairs, Secretary General of All Pakistan Educational Society, and President/Board Member Sindh Muslim Law College (S.M. Law College). In 1952, he led the Pakistani delegation to UNESCO. In 1953, he represented the country at the Commonwealth University Conference.

Rahman was the older brother of Justice Tufail Ali Abdul Rehman, who also served as Attorney General of Pakistan and the Chief Justice of Sindh and Balochistan High Courts. Tufail Ali Abdul Rehman was also the presiding judge who sat on the Hamoodur Rahman commission post 1971 civil war between then West Pakistan (present-day Pakistan) and East Pakistan (present-day Bangladesh).

The two brothers were the only founding members of the Sindh Muslim Law College. Rahman’s father Barrister Abdul Rahman was a barrister-at-law of the Subcontinent and was affiliated with the Queens Council.

In addition, Rahman served as one of the founding members of Karachi University. In 1967 he was removed from that position because of political discontent.

Rahman became a barrister and was also politically active in the British Raj. He along with other fellow barristers worked with Muhammed Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan.


Kickers Offenbach

Offenbacher Fußball-Club Kickers, also known as Kickers Offenbach, is a German football club from Offenbach am Main, Hesse.

Bourbonnella

"To see this article, you can check out the Related pages section of List of prehistoric bony fish genera."

Bourbonnella is an extinct genus of freshwater ray-finned fish from the Mississippian.

It has the following species:


This fish had a deep, fusiform body. It had an area of small scales supporting the dorsal fin. The smallest was "Bourbonnella guilloti", which was about 15 cm, while the largest was "Bourbonnella fourrieri" of 30 cm.


Ethel Caterham

Ethel May Caterham (née Collins; born 21 August 1909) is an English supercentenarian. She is best known for being the oldest known living person in the United Kingdom and the last born in the 1900s decade.

Caterham's case was verified by Oliver Trim and Waclaw Jan Kroczek, and validated by the Gerontology Research Group (GRG) as of 28 January 2023.

Ethel May Collins was born in Shipton Bellinger, Hampshire, England on 21 August 1909. Her birth was registered in Andover. She was the seventh of eight children. She was raised in Tidworth, Wiltshire. Her elder sister Gladys Maud Babilas died in March 2002, aged 104.

Collins went on voyage to British India in 1927, at the age of 18, and worked as an au pair to a military family there until she was 21. She said: "I have very fond memories of my time in India, British life there was very privileged, we were waited on by servants and we kept both British traditions like Christmas and Indian traditions like Tiffin and Tea. It was not very common in my area for young women to head off to India but my parents were excited for me at the thought of this amazing experience."

Collins met her future husband Norman Caterham at a dinner party in 1931. The couple married at Salisbury Cathedral. Their marriage was registered in Brentford, Middlesex in January 1933. Her husband served in the Royal Army Pay Corps. This saw the couple travel to several parts of the world, including Hong Kong, where she set up a nursery to teach English, crafts and games. They also travelled to Gibraltar, where they started their family; they raised two daughters back in England. Her husband died in July 1976. He was 71.

Caterham has lived in Surrey for over 50 years and has resides in a care home in Ash Vale, Guildford since 2020. She had previously lived in Bisley. She drove until she was 97 and enjoyed playing contract bridge in her centenarian years. She survived COVID-19 in 2020, aged 110, and was visited by the Mayor of Surrey Heath on her 111th birthday in August. Shortly before her 111th birthday, she and her granddaughter were interviewed by BBC Radio Surrey, where she said her secret to her longevity was "taking everything in my stride, the highs and the lows."

Caterham has received letters from Queen Elizabeth II to mark her 100th birthday in August 2009, her 105th birthday in August 2014 and her 110th birthday in August 2019. She had also received eight telegrams from the Queen.

Caterham became the oldest known living person in the United Kingdom upon the death of 112-year-old Mary "Mollie" Walker MBE on 22 January 2022. She turned 113 in August of that year, becoming the first person in Britain to do so since Olive Boar in 2017. On 7 October 2022, upon the death of 113-year-old Rose Eaton, she became the last British person born before 1910. Since the death of Lucile Randon of France on 17 January 2023, she has been the second-oldest person in Europe, after Spain's Maria Branyas—the world's oldest living person. She is, however, the oldest living European-born person, as Branyas was born in the United States. She is the last surviving subject of King Edward VII.

Wieprz

The Wieprz is a river in central-eastern Poland, and a tributary of the Vistula. It is the country's ninth longest river, with a total length of 349 km and a catchment area of 10,497 km, all within Poland. Its course near the town of Łęczna includes the protected area known as Wieprz Landscape Park.

The river has its source in Lake Wieprz, in Wieprzów Tarnawacki near Tomaszów Lubelski, and flows into the Vistula near Dęblin. The Wieprz is connected to another river, the Krzna, through the 140-kilometer Wieprz-Krzna Canal, built in 1954-1961. Because the Wieprz with its wide valley has not been regulated, its nature is very diverse. The meandering river with its oxbow lakes is inhabited by numerous birds, European otters and Eurasian beavers.

Maria Curie-Sklodowska University

Maria Curie-Sklodowska University is a public research university, in Lublin, Poland. It is named after Marie Curie-Sklodowska.

It was started on October 23, 1944, by the Lublin Committee during the Second World War. It is now the largest university in Eastern Poland, with in Lublin, and a satellite campus in Puławy. The University has nearly 16,000 students, who study in over 90 disciplines. Out of those 16,000, over 1,600 are international students from about 45 different countries.


Imtiaz Qureshi

Imtiaz Qureshi (2 February 1931 – 16 February 2024) was an Indian chef known for reviving the "Dum Pukht" cooking tradition and creating restaurant brands including "Bukhara" and "Dum Pukht". He was a master chef at ITC Hotels, an Indian luxury hotel chain. Qureshi is credited with the popularization of Awadhi cuisine with some of his popular dishes including "Dal Bukhara", "Dum Pukht Biryani", "Kakori Kebab", "Warqi Paratha," and "Garlic Kheer".

In 2016, Qureshi received the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian honor, for his culinary contributions. He was the first chef to win this award in this category. He died in Mumbai on 16 February 2024, two weeks after his 93rd birthday.
Rhizodus

Rhizodus (meaning "root tooth") is an extinct genus of giant freshwater lobe-finned fish belonging to the group Rhizodontida. It was even bigger than the beluga sturgeon, making it the largest freshwater fish to have ever existed. Carbon-dated fossils show that "Rhizodus" went extinct a mere 8,000 years ago.

The two species are:


What makes "Rhizodus" so unique among other large rhizodonts such as "Barameda" were the massive 22 cm (8.7 in) teeth. They were used to crunch and kill prey into digestible bits, rather than swallowing them whole. This prehistoric monstrosity weighed 4,000 kg and resembled a hulking acanthodian with ginormous teeth. On its body were large plates.

"Rhizodus" is the type genus of the Rhizodontida,‭ ‬a group of lobe-finned fishes.

"Rhizodus hibberti" is the type species of "Rhizodus" and is from the Viséan stage of the United Kingdom. 

"Rhizodus serpukhovensis" is from the Serpukhovian of Russia. However, it is not well known.

The diet of "Rhizodus" included medium-sized fish and other tetrapods. "Rhizodus" lunged at terrestrial prey like a crocodile.




Rubab

The Rubab (Pashto: رُباب), also known as Robab or Rabab, is a musical instrument a bit like a guitar. It is mostly played by the Pashtun, Baluch and Kho people of Pakistan and Afghanistan. There are different kinds of Rubabs, like the "Kabuli rebab", the "Rawap", the "Pamiri rubab", and the "seni rebab". People in many parts of Asia, including Central, South, and Southeast Asia, play the Rubab. The word "Rubab" comes from the Arabic word ""rebab"". In Central and South Asia, people play it by plucking its strings, but in other places, they use a bow.

The rubab has been around since the 7th century CE. It's mentioned in old Persian books, and many Sufi poets talk about it in their poems. It's a traditional instrument and its types are used a lot in countries like Afghanistan, Pakistan, Azerbaijan, Iran, Turkey, Iraq, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, and even in the Xinjiang province of northwest China.

The rubab was also the first instrument used in Sikhism. Bhai Mardana, a Muslim friend of the first guru, Guru Nanak, used to play it. Whenever a shabad (holy song) was revealed to Guru Nanak, he would sing it, and Bhai Mardana would play the rubab. He was known as a rababi. The tradition of playing the rubab is still carried on by Punjabi Sikhs and Muslims.

The seni rebab was first made during the Mughal Empire. It has a special hook at the back of its head, which makes it easy for musicians to carry it on their shoulders and play while walking. Another kind of Rubab, called the Punjabi rabab or 'Firandia' rabab, is popular in Punjab.

In Tajikistan and northern Pakistan, there's a similar instrument called the rubab-i-pamir (Pamiri rubab). It looks a bit different, with a shallower body and neck and six gut strings. There's also one string attached partway down the neck, which is similar to the fifth string of the American banjo.

The rubab's body is made from one piece of wood, with a head that covers a hollow bowl where the sound comes from. The bridge sits on the skin and stays in place because of the tightness of the strings. It usually has three melody strings tuned in fourths, two or three drone strings, and sometimes up to 15 sympathetic strings. The instrument is usually made from the trunk of a mulberry tree, the head from animal skin like goat, and the strings from either the intestines of young goats (gut) or nylon.

Puławy

Puławy is a town in eastern Poland, in Lesser Poland's Lublin Voivodeship, where the Vistula and Kurówka rivers meet. Puławy is the capital of Puławy County. 47,417 lived there in 2019. Its coat of arms is based on the coat of arms of Lithuania.

Puławy was first mentioned in documents of the 15th century. At that time it was spelled "Pollavy", its name probably came from a Vistula River ford. The town is a local center of science, industry and tourism, together with nearby Nałęczów and Kazimierz Dolny. Puławy is home to Poland's first permanent museum, the Czartoryskich Palace. It is a Vistula River port. It is a center of higher education.

The town has two bridges and four rail stations, and serves as a road junction. Nearby Dęblin has a military airport.

Strunius

Strunius is an extinct genus of lobe-finned fish from the Devonian of Germany and Latvia. Although it was a lobe-finned fish, the fins of "Strunius" were supported by fin rays, which are more associated with ray-finned fish. It had a short and stubby body.

Here is a gallery:


Chairman of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf

Chairman of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf A political party has a party leader and a party leader, whose job it is to look after the problems of the party. Bohat Ali Khan is current Chairman of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, he succeed Imran Khan

NA-102 Faisalabad VIII

NA-102 Faisalabad-VIII (این اے-102، فیصل آباد-۸) is a constituency for the National Assembly of Pakistan

Changez Khan Kakar

Changez Ahmed Khan Kakar is a Pakistan Politician who is a Member of the National Assembly. He succeed Chuadhary Abid Sher Ali in 2024 general elections.

András Bozóki

András Bozóki (born 23 January 1959) is a Hungarian sociologist and politician. He served as Minister of Education between 2005 and 2006. He is professor of political science at Central European University. His research areas are political change, political systems, Central European politics, political ideologies, the history of ideas and the political role of the intelligentsia.

He studied at Eötvös Loránd University and obtained a Doctor Juris in law in 1983 and a Master of Arts in sociology in 1985. After graduation, he got a teaching position at the university, where he taught at the Department of Sociology and Law (since 2013 named as Department of Legal and Social Theory). In 1988-89, he was a fellow at UCLA's Department of Sociology. In 1992, he defended his doctoral dissertation in political science at the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.

Since 1993, he has been a full-time lecturer at the Central European University, participating in the development of the doctoral program in political science.

He was a visiting professor (Deák Chair) at Columbia University (2004, 2009, 2015), University of Nottingham (1993), Smith College, Mount Holyoke College, Hampshire College (1999-2000), University of Tübingen (1999-2001), University of Bologna (2008) and University of Ljubljana (2013).

He was a researcher at the Institut für die Wissenschaften von Menschen (IWM) in Vienna (1990-1991 and 2018), the Wisschenschaftskolleg in Berlin (Andrew Mellon Fellow, 1993-1994), the European Institute of Sussex University (1998), the Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study (NIAS) (1998), the European University Institute (EUI) (Jean Monnet Fellow, 2000-2001 and Fernand Braudel Fellow, 2012), and Södertörns University in Stockholm (2008).

In 1985, he participated in the opposition event of the European Cultural Forum. In 1987 he was at the Lakitelek meeting. In May 1988 he was the founder of the Free Initiatives Network. In 1989, he participated in the National Round Table negotiations, where he represented the Opposition Round Table and was a member of the working committee dealing with the creation of legal guarantees excluding violent solutions. 

Between 1988-1993 he was a member of Fidesz. From January to May 1990, he was the spokesperson of Fidesz. In 1991-1992 he was an expert of the party's parliamentary faction. In 1993 he left Fidesz. 

Between 2003 and 2004, he was a member of the advisory board of Prime Minister Péter Medgyessy. From February 2005 to June 2006, he was Minister of Education in the first Ferenc Gyurcsány government.

Between 1989-1992 he worked as the founding editor of newspaper "Magyar Narancs". In the 2000s, he was a columnist for "Magyar Hírlap" and then "Figyelő".

Anita Falieros

Anita Falieros is an Australian former taekwondo martial artist She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the flyweight event. 

At the 1987 World Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the -47 kg category. She won at the European Taekwondo Championships the silver medal in 1990 and the bronze medal in 1992.

Abbe Kıvrık

Abbe Kıvrık (born 28 November 1972) is a Turkish former taekwondo martial artist. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the middleweight event. 

At the European Taekwondo Championships she won the silver medal in 1992 and the bronze medal in 1996.

TVP Info

TVP Info is a Polish free-to-air television news channel, run by the public state broadcaster TVP. It mostly broadcasts nationwide news bulletins. Until 20 December 2023, its main offices were in Warsaw Uprising Square. Since 29 December 2023 they are in the main TVP building on Woronicza Street, Warsaw.

During the rule of the Law and Justice-majority government from 2015 to 2023, the channel was criticized by the opposition and external observers for airing government propaganda.

On December 19, 2023, Bartłomiej Sienkiewicz, the Minister of Culture and National Heritage in Poland, dismissed the media directors and their supervisory boards, most notably those of TVP, appointing new ones in their place. The move was met with criticism and accusations of illegality by the dismissed management and the opposition Law and Justice party. Prime Minister Donald Tusk said this was done to restore legal order and decency in public life.

Paweł Moskalewicz was appointed to run it by Tusk.

Krk

Krk (; ; ) is an Adriatic island in Croatia. It is near Rijeka in the Bay of Kvarner and part of Primorje-Gorski Kotar County. Krk is together with Cres as the largest Adriatic island. It is mostly rocky.

Krk is the name of the main settlement of the island.

Krk (town)

Krk () is a town in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County, Croatia. It is the main settlement of the island of Krk. In 2021, 6,816 people lived there. It is on the southwest coast of the island and is the historical seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Krk.

Sérénac

Sérénac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Serviès

Serviès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sieurac

Sieurac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Sorèze

Sorèze is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Soual

Soual is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Souel

Souel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Taïx

Taïx is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Tauriac, Tarn

Tauriac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Little Albert experiment

The Little Albert experiment, conducted by John B. Watson and "Rosalie Rayner" in 1920, is a landmark study in the field of behavioral psychology. This research aimed to explore the process of classical conditioning in humans, particularly in the context of emotional responses. In this article, we will delve into the key aspects of the Little Albert experiment, its methodology, findings, and its broader implications for the understanding of human behavior.

Classical conditioning is a fundamental concept in psychology that involves associating a neutral stimulus with an involuntary response. The Little Albert experiment sought to investigate whether fear could be conditioned in a young child through the pairing of a neutral stimulus with a frightening one.
Little Albert, a nine-month-old infant, was chosen as the subject for this study. Initially, the researchers exposed Albert to various stimuli, including a white rat, a rabbit, a monkey, masks, and burning newspapers. Albert displayed no fear towards these stimuli.

The conditioning phase began by presenting Albert with the white rat, and simultaneously producing a loud, startling noise by striking a steel bar with a hammer. This was done to create an association between the neutral stimulus (the white rat) and the fear-inducing stimulus (the loud noise). The pairing was repeated several times.

As a result of the conditioning, Little Albert developed a strong fear response to the white rat, as well as to other stimuli that were present during the conditioning sessions. This demonstrated the successful establishment of a conditioned emotional response in a young child.

The Little Albert experiment significantly contributed to the understanding of classical conditioning in humans, emphasizing the malleability (formability) of emotional responses through learned associations. It raised ethical concerns regarding the use of children as subjects in psychological research, prompting the development of ethical guidelines for human experimentation.

The Little Albert experiment remains a pivotal study in the history of psychology, shedding light on the mechanisms of classical conditioning and its impact on human behavior. While the study faced ethical criticism, it paved the way for future research in behavioral psychology and influenced the development of ethical standards in scientific investigations involving human subjects.

Tanus

Tanus is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Técou

Técou is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Teillet

Teillet is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Terssac

Terssac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Teulat

Teulat is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Teyssode

Teyssode is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Tonnac

Tonnac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

D-brane

D-branes are a special and important subset of branes defined by the condition that fundamental strings can end on the D-branes. This is literally the technical definition of D-branes, and it turns out that this simple fact determines all of the properties of D-branes.

Perturbatively, fundamental strings are more fundamental than branes or any other objects. In that old-fashioned description, D-branes are "solitons"—configurations  of classical fields that arise from the closed strings. They are analogous to magnetic monopoles, which may also be written as classical configurations of the "more fundamental fields" in field theory. In a similar way, D-brane masses diverge for. Non-perturbatively, D-branes and other branes are equally fundamental as strings. In fact, when sent to infinity, some D-branes may become the lightest objects—usually strings of a dual (S-dual) theory. When we include very strongly coupled regimes (high values of the string coupling constant), there is a brane democracy.

Back to the perturbative realm. The condition that open strings can end on D-branes and nowhere else means that there exists a particular spectrum of open strings stretched between such D-branes. By quantifying these open strings, we obtain all the fields that propagate along (and in between) such D-branes. The usual methods (world sheets of all topologies, now allowing boundaries) allow us to calculate all the interactions of these modes, too.

So yes, D-branes also vibrate. But because their tension goes to infinity, you need even more energy to excite these vibrations than for strings. The quanta of these vibrations are particles identified with open strings that move along these D-branes but are stuck on them. The insight that the D-branes are dynamical and may vibrate, and the insight that they carry Ramond-Ramond charges (generalizations of the electromagnetic field one obtains from superstrings whose all RNS fermionic fields are periodic on the world sheet) were the main insights of Joe Polchinski in 1995 that made D-branes essential players and helped to drive the second superstring revolution.

Other branes typically have qualitatively similar properties as D-branes, but one must use different methods to determine these properties.

When we quantize a D-brane, we find open string states, which are scalars corresponding to the transverse positions. It follows that D-branes may be embedded into spacetime in any way. The shape oscillates according to a generalized wave equation again. Also, all D-branes carry electromagnetic fields in them. These fields are excited by the endpoints of the open strings that behave as quarks (or antiquarks). For a stack of coincident bars, the gauge group gets promoted to The electric flux inside the D-branes may be viewed as a "fuzzy" continuation of the open strings that completes them into "de facto closed strings."

Those fields have superpartners in the case of the supersymmetric D-branes, which are stable and the most important ones, of course. D-branes may collide and interact much like all other objects.

The most appropriate interaction that allows the open strings to "disconnect" from D-branes is the event in which two end points (of the opposite type, if the open strings are oriented) collide. Much like a quark and an antiquark, these two endpoints may annihilate. In this process, an open string may become a closed string, which may escape from the D-brane. The same local process of "annihilation of the endpoints" may also merge two open strings into one. Such interactions are the elementary explanations of all the interactions between the fields produced by the open strings—for example, between the transverse scalars and the electromagnetic fields within the D-brane.

Aside from that, some branes may also be open branes and end on another kind of brane. The latter brane always includes some generalized electromagnetic fields that are sourced by the endpoints, end curves, or whatever the p-1 dimensional geometry of the boundary of the former brane is.
Ahrar al-Jazeera

Ahrar al-Jaazera was a rebel group that fought in the Syrian Civil War and was important at the start of the war which resulted in the taking over of Yaroubiya in March of 2013 (with help from other rebel groups). The group also worked with anti-Kurdish groups in the Battle of Ras al-Ayn which spanned from 2012-2013. However the group was forcibly removed from power in Yaroubiya in October of 2013, after the Al-Nusra Front took power and claimed to be corrupt by Daesh and Al-Nusra.

Methodology

Methodology is a fundamental concept that plays a crucial role in various fields of study, guiding researchers and practitioners in their quest for knowledge and problem-solving. In simple terms, methodology refers to the systematic approach or set of methods used to conduct research, gather information, or achieve a specific goal.

The roots of methodology can be traced back to ancient civilizations where thinkers and scholars developed systematic ways to understand the world around them. In ancient Greece, for instance, philosophers like Aristotle laid the groundwork for logical reasoning and structured inquiry. Over time, different disciplines evolved their own methodologies, shaping the methods used in fields such as science, philosophy, and social sciences.

Methodology is the 'how' of a study – the systematic plan that outlines the steps taken to answer a question or solve a problem.

It ensures that research is conducted in an organized, unbiased, and replicable manner, promoting reliability and credibility in the findings.

Methodology typically includes research design, data collection methods, and data analysis techniques.

In the natural sciences, the scientific method is a well-known methodology. It involves making observations, forming hypotheses, conducting experiments, and analyzing results to draw conclusions.

In social sciences, survey methodology is commonly used. Researchers collect data through questionnaires or interviews to understand opinions, behaviors, or trends in a population.

Historians use a methodology that involves examining primary sources, interpreting evidence, and constructing narratives to understand and explain past events.

In various disciplines, the case study methodology is employed to investigate specific instances, providing an in-depth analysis of a particular subject or phenomenon.

Clearly articulate the problem or question you aim to address.

Select an appropriate research design, such as experimental, correlational, or descriptive.

Determine how you will gather data – through surveys, experiments, observations, or other methods.

Choose methods to analyze collected data, whether statistical analysis, content analysis, or qualitative interpretation.

Based on the analysis, draw conclusions that address your research question.

Methodology is the backbone of any study, providing a structured path for researchers to follow. From ancient philosophers to modern scientists, the importance of a systematic approach has been recognized throughout history. By understanding the basic concepts and examples of methodology, individuals can engage in more effective research, problem-solving, and knowledge acquisition in their respective fields.

Tréban

Tréban is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Trévien

Trévien is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Vabre

Vabre is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Valderiès

Valderiès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Valdurenque

Valdurenque is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Vaour

Vaour is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Veilhes

Veilhes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Vénès

Vénès is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Visual communication

Visual communication is the sharing of information using pictures, drawings, or symbols rather than just words. It is a method of message passing through images and it is widely used in various aspects of daily life, including books, advertisements, and digital media.

Visual communication involves the use of visual elements such as images, diagrams, charts, and symbols to convey information. Instead of relying solely on text, visual communication relies on the power of images to communicate ideas and messages effectively.

Visual communication is essential because it helps people understand information quickly and easily. Images can often convey complex ideas more efficiently than words alone, making visual communication a valuable tool in various fields, including education, marketing, and design.

Visual communication is utilized in numerous fields and industries, including:


Examples of visual communication include:


La Plata, Missouri

La Plata is a city in Macon County, Missouri, United States.

Guarabira

Guarabira is an Brazilian city in the state of Paraíba. In 2020, 59,115 people lived here and its area is 162,387 km².

Type foundry

A type foundry is a company that makes different styles of letters and symbols for writing. In the past, people used to carve these letters, known as glyphs, into metal or wood by hand. But nowadays, they use computers to design and publish various fonts. These fonts can be used in books, websites, and other places where words are written.

Creating a font involves carefully designing each letter, number, and symbol using special computer programs. Designers adjust things like size, shape, and spacing to make sure the letters look good together. Once a font is finished, it can be sold or licensed to people who need it for their projects.


Type design

Type design is the process of creating different styles of letters and symbols used in writing. These letters and symbols, known as glyphs, when grouped together, form what we call typefaces or fonts. Fonts are commonly seen in books, websites, advertisements, and various other forms of visual communication.

The history of type design stretches back many years. In ancient times, people would carve letters into materials like stone or wood. With the invention of the printing press in the 15th century, the creation of letters became easier, leading to the establishment of the first type foundries where fonts were made and sold.

Type design, a subset of graphic design, is an essential aspect of visual communication. Whether in print or digital form, the fonts we encounter shape our reading experience and contribute to the overall effectiveness of communication. Type designers use a combination of creativity and technical skill to craft fonts that are both aesthetically pleasing and functional.

Today, type designers, who are a type of graphic designers, use computer software to create fonts. Factors like the width of the strokes, spacing between letters, and presence of serifs (little lines on letters) are taken into consideration during the design process. Type design, a subset of graphic design, is an essential aspect of visual communication.

Whether in print or digital form, the fonts we encounter shape our reading experience and contribute to the overall effectiveness of communication. Type designers use a combination of creativity and technical skill to craft fonts that are both aesthetically pleasing and functional.

Throughout history, there have been many notable type designers who have made significant contributions to the field. Early pioneers like Johannes Gutenberg introduced movable type to Europe, while modern designers such as Adrian Frutiger and Jessica Hische have left their mark on contemporary type design.

Juan Manuel de Cañas

Juan Manuel de Cañas-Trujillo and Sánchez de Madrid (n. Puerto de Santa María, Spain, July 2, 1763 - possibly in León, Nicaragua, after 1830) was a Spanish soldier, interim governor of the Province of Costa Rica (1819-1820) and subordinate political leader of the Party of Costa Rica (1820-1821).

Red Star Stadium

The Rajko Mitić Stadium (), previously known as Red Star Stadium (), also known as Marakana (), is a football stadium in Belgrade, the capital city of Serbia.

Red Star Belgrade is a only club that is playing there, making it their stadium.

Ioannis Kapodistrias

Count Ioannis Kapodistrias (1776-1831) was an important political leader and diplomat from Greece in the early 1800s. He was born in Corfu when it was ruled by Venice. His family was well-known, with his father being a nobleman and artist. He started his career in politics in Corfu and later became Modern Greece's first Governor after the Greek War of Independence in 1821.

Before becoming Governor, Kapodistrias worked for Russian Empire's government and helped Greece gain independence. He was good at diplomacy and had big ideas for how to run a country. His diplomatic skills earned him admiration and recognition.

He didn't just influence Greece though. He also helped Switzerland become neutral and organized its government. His efforts in shaping the destinies of both Greece and Switzerland demonstrate his influence and legacy. The National and Kapodistrian University of Athens is named after him. Statues of Ioannis Kapodistrias can be found in Athens, Saint Petersburg and Lausanne. He was also featured on the 500 drachma banknote in recent years before Greece switched to using the euro on January 1, 2002.

However, he faced opposition during his time in office, which ultimately led to his assassination in 1831 while he was still serving as Governor in Nafplio. He is buried in his hometown of Corfu.



Polish cuisine

Polish cuisine is a style of food preparation originating in and widely popular in Poland. Due to Poland's history, Polish cuisine has evolved over the centuries. It has borrowed many other national cuisines. 

Polish cuisine is rich in meat, especially pork, chicken and game, and a wide range of vegetables, spices, fungi and mushrooms, and herbs. There are a lot of different kinds of pasta, cereals, grains and pulses. Polish cuisine makes extensive use of butter, cream, eggs, and seasoning. Traditional dishes often need a lot of preparation. Many Poles take time to serve and enjoy their festive meals, especially Christmas Eve dinner () on December 24, or Easter breakfast, both of which could take several days to prepare.

Among popular Polish national dishes are , , , (pork loin breaded cutlet), (stuffed cabbage leaves), (roulade), (sour cucumber soup), (mushroom soup), (tomato soup), (meat broth), (sour rye soup), (tripe soup), and red beetroot soup .

A traditional Polish dinner has three courses, beginning with a soup. In restaurants, soups are followed by an appetizer such as herring (prepared with either cream, oil, or in aspic), or other cured meats and chopped raw vegetable salads. The main course usually includes meat, such as a roast, breaded pork cutlet, or chicken, with a coleslaw-like (), shredded root vegetables with lemon and sugar (carrot, celeriac, cooked beetroot), sauerkraut, or salad. The side dishes are usually boiled potatoes, grain, or less commonly, rice. Meals often end with a dessert of either a fruit compote, a pastry, cream pie, mille-feuille, or cheesecake.

If a Polish culinary tradition is used in other cuisines, it is referred to as "à la polonaise", from the French, meaning 'Polish-style.' In French cuisine, this term is used for techniques like using butter instead of cooking oil; frying vegetables with buttered breadcrumbs; using minced parsley and boiled eggs (Polonaise garnish); and adding horseradish, lemon juice, or sour cream to sauces like velouté.

Course (food)

A course is a set of food items served together during a meal, all at the same time. A course may include multiple dishes including side dishes or only one, and often includes items with some variety of flavors. A hamburger served with French fries would be considered a single course and might constitute the entire meal. Larger meals might include many courses, such as a course where a soup is served by itself, a course when cordon bleu is served at the same time as a side dish of vegetables, and finally a dessert such as a pumpkin pie. Courses may vary in size as well as number depending on the culture where the meal takes place. 

When dishes are served mostly in a single course, this is known in formal terms as service à la française; when dishes are served mostly in separate courses, this is called service à la russe.

Tableware

Tableware are the dishes and cutlery used for setting a table, serving food, and dining. Tableware includes cutlery, glassware, serving dishes, serving utensils, and other items used for cooking as well as for decoration. The objects vary according to culture, religion, number of people, and cuisine. Middle Eastern, South Asian or Polynesian food culture may only use serving dishes, using bread or leaves as individual plates, and often with no cutlery. Special events may have higher quality tableware.
Cutlery is more commonly known as "silverware" or "flatware" in the United States. "Dinnerware" is another word used for tableware, another word "crockery" means ceramic tableware, porcelain or bone china. In Ireland, they are normally called "delph", the word being an English language phonetic spelling of the word "Delft", the town from which so much delftware came.

Barameda

Barameda (Indigenous Australian language: "fish trap") is an extinct genus of rhizodont from the Tournaisian of Australia.

The species:


"Barameda" had an elongated and thick body typical of Carboniferous rhizodonts, for powerful swimming and out-powering any prey larger than itself. It was covered with moderately thin, cycloidal scales.

"Barameda" was probably a benthic ambush predator, attacking other fishes and possibly early tetrapods. It used a grab-and-drag strategy, using its fangs to snag prey and either thrash them, or simply drag them down into the water.

Sincerity

Sincerity is a moral value and means being real and honest in how someone acts and talks. It's about not pretending to be someone you're not. When someone is sincere, they say and do things truthfully, and others trust them for it. Being sincere helps build good relationships because people feel they can rely on you. Sincere people are respected because they stay true to themselves and treat others with honesty and kindness.


List of New York City Subway R-type contracts

This is a list of all R-type contracts in the New York City Subway.

All passenger rolling stock made in this time period are New Technology Trains.




The Healing Process

The Healing Process is the second studio album by Despised Icon. The album was released on April 5, 2005.

Polypedates impresus

The concave-crowned tree frog or Yunnan whipping frog ("Polypedates impresus") is a frog. It lives in China, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam. People have seen it between 600 and 1000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in grass on hills.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

Gladiator 2

Gladiator 2 is an upcoming American-British epic historical drama movie. It is expected to be released on November 22, 2024 in North America. It is the sequel to the 2000 movie "Gladiator". It was directed by Ridley Scott. Scott also directed the original "Gladiator" movie.

Principal photography for the movie started in Ouarzazate, Morocco on June 7, 2023 and ended on January 24, 2024. Filming was delayed because of the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike.

The movie will follow Lucius Verus, the son of Lucilla. Having lived in the wilderness for around 15 years, he is now grown up and estranged from his mother. He heads to Rome to try and build a better life.


Jebel Sahaba

Jebel Sahaba, is a place or site in which evidence of past activity is preserved near the northern borders of Sudan with Egypt. It is near the Aswan High Dam, archaeologists found 61 remains of early hunter-gatherers. These included men, women, and children. Before the discovery in 1960, many experts had thought that in prehistoric times, people did not fight each other. That turned out wrong when Fred Wendorf discovered bones from the 12th millennium B.C. These contained a large number of injuries, damaged bones, and pieces of flint arrows.

Wendorf and his team discovered the prehistoric massacre site in the 1960s. Then, Isabelle Crevecoeur from the French National Center for Scientific Research discovered over 100 more signs of trauma and injuries, in 2014. The remains also show how the victims might have died. For example, young men were absent because they probably escaped or survived. The hands were damaged when they warded off blows. Some back-sided ribs had sharp cuts, maybe because they died fleeing. A pregnant woman had her hands twisted together, showing a possibility of being tied up. These medieval-like actions were very unusual and surprising for archaeologists and scientists. 

List of invasions in the 21st century

This is the military invasions to take place during the 21st century.


Eusthenopteron

Eusthenopteron is an extinct genus of lobe-finned fish from the Late Devonian. Early depictions of "Eusthenopteron" show it emerging onto land; however, everyone now agrees that it is a strictly aquatic animal. Notably, it is one of the earliest sarcopterygians in which the humerus is preserved. Among the various species of this genus, the most popular is undoubtedly "E. foordi".

The species:


"Eusthenopteron" is a medium-to large-sized tristichopterid. "E. foordi" is estimated to exceed 1.5 m (4 ft 11 in), while "E. jenkinsi" probably reached 2.1 m (6 ft 11 in). The earliest-known fossilized evidence of bone marrow has been found in "Eusthenopteron", which may be the origin of bone marrow in tetrapods.

The most notable features of "Eusthenopteron" are the pectoral and pelvic fins.‭ It had a large head with powerful jaws that could've been capable of biting prey. However, unlike the early tetrapods though, "Eusthenopteron" did not have larval gills.

Finds have been made in Europe and North America.

"Eusthenopteron foordi" is a well-known species. The other species, however, are not well-known.

"Eusthenopteron foordi" is the type species of "Eusthenopteron". It is the most famous and well-known species of "Eusthenopterus". It is also one of the most scientifically important fossil vertebrates.

"Eusthenopteron farloviensis" is another species of "Eusthenopteron". Like the other species except "E. foordi", it is not well-known.

"Eusthenopteron jenkinsi" is yet another species of "Eusthenopteron". Little is known about this species. However, it may have been up to six feet long with a torpedo-shaped body and fangs. It was probably a large species for the "Eusthenopteron".

"Eusthenopteron" probably hunted other fish by setting ambushes on the seabed, where it rested with its robust fins. Although fleshy and particularly strong, it is in fact unlikely that they could take the animal out of the water.

"Eusthenopteron" preyed on smaller fish. Its teeth were small yet sharp, and were used to nab prey as the lobe-finned fish swallowed them whole.

"Eusthenopteron" was depicted hauling itself out of a pond, much like a mudskipper. However, no scientific evidence supports this.




Type designer

A type designer, also known as typeface designer, is someone who design fonts. Fonts are the different styles of letters and numbers that we see in books, signs, advertisements and websites. Type designers create these fonts by designing common characters like punctuation marks, accents, ligatures, asterisks, quotation marks and diacritics. All these are called glyphs. They publish their creations in various file formats, accompanied with a license. for use on computers.

Type designers use their creativity and skills to make alphabets that look good and are easy to read. They think about how each letter will fit together with the others to form words and sentences. They also consider things like spacing, size and style to make sure that the font is legible and pleasing to the eye.

Type design is considered an academic discipline.To become a type designer, people often need to study graphic design, typography or graphic arts. Some type designers work as freelancers, creating fonts for their own projects or for sale to others. Others may work for companies called type foundries that specialize in creating fonts for web design and printing.

Type designers use various tecnhiques and software to create fonts. They usually start by drawing out ideas on paper. This profession plays an important role in shaping the way people communicate through written language.


1916-17 Austrian football championship

The 1916-17 Austrian football championship was organized by the Lower Austrian Football Association. It was the third war championship. Although there were originally four championships in the Austria-Hungary empire during the First World War only the first class of the NFV was played as a war championship. There was no relegation and promotion.

As in the previous year, Rapid Wien became champions. Rapid benefited from the fact that many of their regular players were available for almost every championship match. This was also true for Floridsdorfer AC and SC Rudolfshügel. Other teams havd to play with reinforced junior teams. 

Aspirated consonant

In phonetics, aspiration is the strong burst of breath.

In dialects with aspiration, to feel or see the difference between aspirated and unaspirated sounds, one can put a hand or a lit candle in front of one's mouth, and say spin [spɪn] and then pin [pʰɪn]. One should either feel a puff of air or see a flicker of the candle flame with pin that one does not get with spin. 

Structuralism (psychology)

Structuralism is a foundational school of thought in psychology that emerged in the late 19th century. It aimed to understand the human mind by breaking down mental processes into basic components and exploring their interrelationships. This approach marked a significant departure from earlier philosophical and 
introspective methods, laying the groundwork for the scientific study of psychology.
Structuralism gained prominence in the late 1800s, a time when psychology was transitioning from philosophy and speculation to a more empirical and scientific discipline. Wilhelm Wundt, a German psychologist, is often considered the father of structuralism. In 1879, he established the first psychology laboratory at the University of Leipzig, where he conducted experiments to explore the structure of human consciousness.

Edward B. Titchener, a British psychologist who studied under Wilhelm Wundt in Germany, played a significant role in the development of Structuralism in psychology. After returning to the United States, Titchener established the psychological school known as structuralism at Cornell University. He further advanced and popularized the structuralist approach, emphasizing the importance of introspection as a method to analyze and describe the structure of the mind. Titchener's work and teachings had a profound influence on the early development of psychology in the United States, contributing to the spread and prominence of structuralism in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

1. Introspection: Central to structuralism was the use of introspection, a method in which individuals described their thoughts, feelings, and sensations in response to specific stimuli. Researchers believed that by analyzing these subjective experiences, they could uncover the fundamental elements of consciousness.

2. Elemental Components: Structuralists aimed to identify the basic elements, or "atoms," of consciousness. They believed that by breaking down mental experiences into their elemental components, they could better understand the underlying structure of the mind.

3. Mental Processes: Structuralists focused on studying various mental processes, such as perception, sensation, and memory, to discern (distinguish) the relationships between these components and how they contributed to the overall structure of consciousness.

1. Sensation and Perception: Structuralists conducted experiments to investigate how individuals perceive sensory stimuli, such as colors, shapes, and sounds. By breaking down these perceptions into their basic components, researchers sought to understand how they contributed to the overall experience of consciousness.

2. Memory: Memory was another area of interest for structuralists. They explored how memories were formed, stored, and recalled, aiming to identify the basic elements that constituted the process of remembering.

3. Language: Some structuralists extended their focus to language, analyzing its elemental components and how they combined to form meaningful thoughts and expressions. This approach paved the way for later developments in linguistics and cognitive psychology.

Despite its contributions, structuralism faced criticism for its reliance on introspection, which was considered subjective and difficult to standardize. Over time, other schools of thought, such as functionalism and behaviorism, gained prominence. However, structuralism's emphasis on breaking down mental processes laid the foundation for future psychological research and the development of more systematic methods.

In summary, structuralism in psychology was a pioneering movement that aimed to understand the human mind by dissecting mental experiences into their elemental components. Although it eventually gave way to other schools of thought, its impact on the field is undeniable, shaping the way psychologists approached the study of consciousness and laying the groundwork for the scientific methodology that defines modern psychology.

McMuffin

A McMuffin is a breakfast sandwich from McDonald's, a popular fast food chain. The main one is the Egg McMuffin, made by Herb Peterson in 1972. It looks like eggs benedict, a classic American breakfast with English muffins, ham, eggs, and hollandaise sauce. The Egg McMuffin has a cracked Grade A egg on a toasted English muffin with real butter, Canadian bacon, and American cheese.

The Egg McMuffin is a quick breakfast to eat, with 310 calories. Even though it seems simple, it actually has nearly 50 ingredients.


McPlant

The McPlant is a sandwich from McDonald's fast food chain. Its main difference from a common hamburger is that it doesn't meat. Instead, it has a patty made from plants. It was created in collaboration with "Beyond Meat", a company that makes plant-based meat. The patty is made from things like peas, rice and potatoes instead of beef or chicken. The main ingredients are onions, pickles, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, mustard, mayonnaise and cheese. The McPlant is an option for people who avoid eating meat or vegans.

Introspection

Introspection, a term rooted in philosophy and psychology, is the process of self-examination and reflection on one's own thoughts, emotions, and experiences. This introspective journey has a rich history, significantly impacting both philosophical and psychological discourse throughout the ages.

The roots of introspection trace back to ancient philosophical traditions, notably in Greek philosophy with thinkers like Socrates, who proclaimed that "know thyself" was the key to wisdom. However, introspection took a more systematic turn during the 19th century with the advent of introspective psychology

In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, introspection became a cornerstone of psychological inquiry. Pioneered by thinkers such as Wilhelm Wundt and Edward B. Titchener, introspective psychology aimed to study conscious mental processes by having individuals reflect on their inner experiences. Participants would be asked to describe their thoughts, emotions, and sensations in response to various stimuli.

However, the method faced criticism for its subjectivity and lack of objectivity. Critics argued that personal biases and the inability to access certain mental processes made introspection unreliable as a scientific tool.

In contemporary philosophy, introspection continues to be a topic of interest. Philosophers explore the nature of self-awareness, consciousness, and the reliability of introspective knowledge. Questions surrounding the relationship between introspection and external reality remain central to debates within the philosophy of mind.

While introspective psychology declined, its influence persists in modern psychology. Contemporary approaches, such as cognitive psychology, acknowledge the importance of self-reflection in understanding mental processes. However, the emphasis has shifted towards more objective methods, including behavioral observations and neuroscientific techniques.

The dual impact of introspection on philosophy and psychology has faced challenges and undergone transformations over time. Researchers continually seek ways to integrate subjective introspective insights with objective measures to gain a more comprehensive understanding of the human mind.

Introspection, with its roots in ancient philosophy and blossoming in the history of psychology, remains a crucial aspect of understanding the human experience. While the method has evolved and faced challenges, its legacy endures, shaping ongoing discussions in philosophy and influencing modern psychological perspectives. The exploration of the inner self continues to captivate the curious minds of thinkers across disciplines, seeking to unravel the mysteries of the human psyche.

Ruald Strydom

Ruald Strydom GCOB (born 1985) is a South African entrepreneur and philanthropist. He started CEO GOLF.

In 2023, Strydom received the Order of the Baobab (Grand Counsellor of the Baobab) from the President of South Africa, Matamela Cyril Ramaphosa. This award recognized his important work as a philanthropist globally. The Order of the Baobab is a prestigious honor in South Africa. It's given to individuals who have made significant contributions to democracy and the betterment of South African lives.

Strydom went to Barberton Primary School and Barberton High School.

South African National Order; The Order of the Baobab (GCOB) (2023).

Edward B. Titchener

Edward B. Titchener (1867-1927) was a prominent figure in the field of psychology, best known for his role in developing structuralism, a school of thought that aimed to understand the basic elements of human consciousness. Born in Chichester, England, Titchener's intellectual pursuits led him to become a key figure in the early days of experimental psychology in the United States.

Titchener began his academic journey at Malvern College in England before crossing the Atlantic to further his studies at Cornell University in the United States. Under the mentorship of the renowned psychologist Wilhelm Wundt, Titchener delved into the world of experimental psychology. He later earned his doctorate at Leipzig University, solidifying his foundation in the emerging field.

In 1892, Titchener returned to Cornell as a professor, where he would leave an indelible mark on the landscape of psychology. Throughout his career, he exhibited a passion for understanding the intricacies of the human mind through systematic observation and experimentation.
Titchener's most significant contribution to psychology lies in his development and promotion of structuralism. This school of thought aimed to analyze the fundamental components of conscious experience, breaking it down into its basic elements or "structures." Titchener believed that by identifying and understanding these elements, one could comprehend the complexities of the mind.

To explore these mental structures, Titchener relied heavily on introspection, a method where individuals would reflect on their thoughts and experiences. Subjects were asked to describe their sensations, feelings, and perceptions in response to specific stimuli, allowing Titchener to build a systematic framework for understanding the mind.

Despite its influence, structuralism faced criticisms, and Titchener's reliance on introspection drew skepticism from other psychologists. The approach's subjectivity and the challenge of replicating findings limited its impact on the broader field. Titchener's death in 1927 marked the decline of structuralism, giving way to other psychological perspectives.

While structuralism may not dominate contemporary psychology, Titchener's contributions paved the way for the development of psychological theories and methodologies. His dedication to the scientific exploration of the mind continues to be recognized and studied, making Edward B. Titchener a notable figure in the history of psychology.

Center Lake Como

Centro-Lago di Como ("Center Lake Como", or "Centro Lago") constitutes a pivotal segment within the coastal “Y” region formed by the two arms of Lake Como. Spanning approximately 11 kilometers on both the eastern and western sides, from Varenna-Lierna to Olcio and from Punta Spartivento of Bellagio to Borgo di Limonta-Vassena in Oliveto Lario, it encompasses pristine white pebble beaches, golf clubs, luxury boat services, helicopter facilities, and exclusive hotels. This enclave, characterized by its distinctive “Y” shape, magnetizes celebrities, business leaders, and billionaires.

The Lake Center includes the most important and luxury area of ​​Lake Como, known for its peculiar position at the intersection of the three branches of the water basin, Y-shaped with the Bellagio Center embracing the ancient villages ranging from Lierna to Sala Comacina in the South up to Menaggio and Varenna in the North. Prominent towns within this area include Bellagio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, Varenna, Menaggio, Olcio, Limonta, Vergonese, San Giovanni (Bellagio), Cadenabbia, Perledo, Sala Comacina, Lenno, Azzano, Griante, Perledo, Visgnola, Ossuccio, Tremezzina, Tremezzo.

Centro-Lago, also known as Center Lake Como, stands as one of the opulent residential districts catering to the High Net Worth Individuals (HNWI) elite, defining Lake Como’s historical and iconic center. Acknowledged as the oldest and most affluent sector of Europe, it holds the distinction of being the most opulent and expensive residential neighborhood in the region. The Como arm is a premier tourist destination. It is in the area of ​​Lake Como called Centre-Lake in the two branches on the sides of Bellagio that properties cost the most and luxury villas are unobtainable.

Tremezzo, Lierna, Varenna, Griante, Cadenabbia, Menaggio, Bellagio were the preferred locations of European nobility at the end of the century, and they are the most exclusive villages with the highest cost per square meter on Lake Como. However, there are no transactions because no one wants to sell at any price. Each property in these areas is a trophy and a global status symbol.

The Centro-Lake Como (Centro-Lago di Como) encapsulates the region between Bellagio, Lierna, Varenna, Menaggio, Tramezzina, and the Comacina Island, representing the epitome of beauty and prestige throughout Lake Como. This locale has been a stronghold for European nobility for centuries, earning praise from George Clooney himself, who likened Lierna to Monte Carlo. The venerable Sigismondo Boldoni, mentor to Alessandro Manzoni, asserted that Lierna stands as the dominant center of all Lake Como.

The “Center Lake” stands out as Europe’s most exclusive villa and resort enclave. Villa prices command an impressive $390,000 per square meter, on par with the prestigious Emerald Coast in Sardinia. Remarkably, a 600-square-meter villa can fetch prices upwards of 100 million euros.

Lake Como is renowned for the promontory of Bellagio in the Center-Lake, and the most captivating view is enjoyed from the summit of Monte di Lierna. The village of Lierna is built around a rock towering over the lake, characterized by picturesque colorful houses arranged around the bay. In this enchanting setting, the lake reflects the colors of the houses, the sky, and the surrounding vegetation, while yachts, boats, and ferries contribute to creating a refined atmosphere, making Lierna an essential stop on the shores of Lake Como. 





Polypedates subansiriensis

Subansiri's tree frog ("Polypedates subansiriensis") is a frog. It lives in India.

Scientists saw this frog near a river, 1550 meters above sea level.

Mital-U

mital-U is a record label from Switzerland. It started in 1996 by Bruno Waser. Some of the artists on the label are Crazy, , The Vyllies, and mittageisen.

In 1980, Bruno Waser produced the first Swiss punk LP (Crazy). Then, he produced more records for the band Crazy and the dark-wave band mittageisen.

In 1991, Bruno released a compilation CD for Crazy. In 1994, he released an album for mittageisen called alles ist anders ... nichts hat sich geändert (everything is different ... nothing has changed).

In 1995, Bruno saw that the Internet could be good for sharing independent music. So, he started mital-U. In the following years the indie label produced records for bands like , , and The Vyllies.

mital-U also released music videos like by Grauzone (2011) and by mittageisen (2015). They're also involved in video projects about alternative music and subcultures.

mital-U works or has worked with these artists:


Butch Cassidy

Butch Cassidy was born Robert Leroy Parker on April 13, 1866, in Beaver, Utah Territory, to English immigrants Maximillian Parker and Ann Campbell Gillies. He grew up in a Mormon household, but he was not particularly religious. Cassidy was the oldest of 13 children, and his family struggled financially. He left home at a young age to work various odd jobs.

Cassidy was influenced by his grandfather, who was a pioneer and a scout, and his father, who was a rancher and a hunter. He learned how to ride, shoot, and track animals from them. He also developed a love for reading and adventure stories.

• Cassidy attended school sporadically, and often got into trouble for fighting and stealing. He ran away from home several times, and worked as a farmhand, a cowboy, a butcher, and a miner. He also traveled to different states, such as Colorado, Wyoming, and Montana, where he encountered the lawless frontier life.

• Cassidy's first brush with the law occurred in 1884, when he was arrested for stealing a saddle in Lander, Wyoming. He was acquitted by a sympathetic jury, but he decided to change his name to Butch Cassidy to avoid further trouble. He took the name Butch from his previous occupation as a butcher, and Cassidy from his friend and mentor Mike Cassidy, a notorious cattle rustler and outlaw.

• Life of Crime: Cassidy's criminal career began in his late teens when he started rustling cattle and horses. He soon formed friendships with other young outlaws and became involved in more serious crimes, such as bank and train robberies. He adopted the alias "Butch Cassidy" around this time. The Wild Bunch gang, named for their unpredictable and often violent behavior, became notorious for their daring robberies across the western United States.

• Cassidy's first major robbery occurred in 1889, when he and three other men robbed the San Miguel Valley Bank in Telluride, Colorado. They escaped with $21,000, which was a huge sum at the time. Cassidy used his share of the money to buy a ranch near Dubois, Wyoming, where he tried to live a respectable life. However, he soon returned to crime, as he found ranching boring and unprofitable.

• Cassidy met his most loyal and famous partner, Harry Longabaugh, also known as the Sundance Kid, in 1896. They became friends and joined forces to rob banks and trains. They also recruited other outlaws, such as Elzy Lay, Ben Kilpatrick, Harvey Logan, Will Carver, and George Curry, to form the Wild Bunch gang. The gang operated in several states, such as Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, Montana, South Dakota, and Nevada. They used remote hideouts, such as the Hole-in-the-Wall in Wyoming and the Robbers Roost in Utah, to plan their heists and evade the law.

• Cassidy was known for his charisma, intelligence, and leadership skills. He was also known for his sense of humor, generosity, and compassion. He avoided killing people during his robberies, and often shared his loot with the poor and the needy. He also had a code of honor, and never betrayed his friends or partners. He was respected and admired by many people, including some lawmen and journalists.

• Robberies: The Wild Bunch gang carried out numerous heists, targeting banks, trains, and even mining payroll shipments. One of their most famous robberies was the Union Pacific Overland Flyer train robbery on August 29, 1900, near Wilcox, Wyoming. The gang dynamited a railcar and made off with a significant amount of cash.

• The Wilcox train robbery was one of the most spectacular and daring robberies in the history of the West. The gang used dynamite to blow up the express car, which contained $50,000 in cash and valuables. They also exchanged gunfire with the train crew and the passengers, who tried to stop them. The gang escaped with $30,000, leaving behind $20,000 that was too heavy to carry.

• The Wilcox train robbery also triggered one of the largest manhunts in the history of the West. The Union Pacific Railroad hired the Pinkerton Detective Agency to track down and capture the robbers. The Pinkertons, led by Joe Lefors, pursued the gang across several states, using bloodhounds, telegraphs, and informants. They also offered a $10,000 reward for the capture of Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.

• The gang managed to elude the Pinkertons for several months, using disguises, aliases, and decoys. They also split up and regrouped at different locations, such as Fort Worth, Texas, and Winnemucca, Nevada, where they committed more robberies. They also sent taunting letters and photographs to the authorities, mocking their efforts to catch them.

• The Pinkerton Pursuit: The Pinkerton Detective Agency, hired by banks and railroads, pursued Butch Cassidy and his gang relentlessly. The Pinkertons were known for their aggressive tactics, and their pursuit forced Cassidy and his gang to constantly evade capture and move from place to place.

• The Pinkerton Detective Agency was founded by Allan Pinkerton in 1850, and became one of the most powerful and influential private detective agencies in the world. The Pinkertons specialized in solving crimes, protecting clients, and hunting down outlaws. They had a motto of "We Never Sleep", and a logo of an eye, symbolizing their vigilance and surveillance.

• The Pinkertons were notorious for their ruthless and violent methods, such as infiltrating gangs, setting traps, staging ambushes, and shooting to kill. They were also accused of violating civil rights, such as breaking into homes, torturing suspects, and bribing witnesses. They were feared and hated by many people, especially the outlaws and the labor unions, who saw them as agents of oppression and corruption.

• The Pinkertons pursued Butch Cassidy and his gang for more than a decade, from 1896 to 1908. They used every means possible to track them down, such as following their trails, interviewing their associates, and analyzing their handwriting. They also offered large rewards for their capture or death, and distributed wanted posters and circulars with their descriptions and photographs. They came close to catching them several times, but the gang always managed to escape or fight back.

• South America: Faced with increasing pressure from law enforcement, Cassidy, along with the Sundance Kid (Harry Longabaugh) and Ethel "Etta" Place, fled to South America in 1901. They initially settled in Argentina, where they purchased a ranch near Cholila in the Patagonia region. They attempted to live quiet lives as ranchers, but their criminal past eventually caught up with them.

• Cassidy, Sundance, and Etta left New York City on February 20, 1901, aboard the British steamer Herminius, bound for Buenos Aires, Argentina. They traveled under the aliases of James Ryan, Harry A. Place, and Mrs. Place, respectively. They arrived in Argentina on March 9, 1901, and took a train to San Antonio de los Cobres, where they bought four mules and a wagon. They then traveled south to Cholila, a remote and scenic valley in the Andes mountains.

• Cassidy, Sundance, and Etta bought a 15,000-acre ranch in Cholila, where they raised cattle and horses. They also befriended the local settlers and the native Tehuelche people, who called them "the three gringos". They lived peacefully and comfortably for four years, enjoying the natural beauty and the simple life of the Patagonia. They also made occasional trips to other towns and cities, such as Bariloche, Esquel, and Buenos Aires, where they spent some of their stolen money.

• Cassidy, Sundance, and Etta's idyllic life in Argentina came to an end in 1905, when the Pinkertons and the Argentine police discovered their whereabouts and raided their ranch. The trio managed to escape, but they had to abandon their ranch and most of their belongings. They then resumed their outlaw activities, robbing banks and trains in Argentina, Chile, and Bolivia. They also parted ways with Etta, who returned to the United States in 1907, never to see them again.

• Death: The circumstances surrounding Butch Cassidy's death remain shrouded in mystery and speculation. According to one account, Cassidy and the Sundance Kid were tracked down by a group of Bolivian soldiers after a series of robberies in Bolivia. A shootout ensued, and both Cassidy and the Sundance Kid were reportedly killed in San Vicente, Bolivia, on November 6, 1908. However, there are conflicting accounts and theories suggesting that Cassidy may have survived and returned to the United States under an assumed identity.

Master of Arts (Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin)

The title Master of Arts (MA) holds a unique significance in the academic traditions of prestigious universities such as Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin. This designation, however, differs from the conventional understanding of a postgraduate degree in many other educational institutions.

The origins of the Master of Arts title in these renowned universities trace back to 
medieval times. In the early days, scholars who completed their Bachelor of Arts degree were automatically granted the title of "Master" as a mark of scholarly achievement and competence. Over time, this tradition evolved, and the title became a symbol of academic distinction.

In Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin, the Master of Arts is not typically earned through further coursework or examinations, as is common in other universities. Instead, it is often considered as a status or a recognition of the individual's standing within the academic community.

Upon completing a Bachelor of Arts, graduates from Oxford, Cambridge, or Dublin are eligible to apply for the conferment of the MA degree. The process is generally straightforward, and there are no additional academic requirements. The conferral is based on the assumption that the graduate has continued to engage in scholarly activities or has contributed significantly to their field of study since completing their bachelor's degree.

While the Master of Arts from Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin may not represent postgraduate studies in the traditional sense, it carries historical and cultural importance. It signifies a level of intellectual accomplishment and is often seen as an acknowledgment of one's commitment to the pursuit of knowledge.

Interestingly, the use of the MA title is not universal across these institutions. For instance, at Cambridge, the MA is conferred automatically, and graduates are entitled to use the title without any formalities. In contrast, at Oxford and Dublin, individuals need to apply for the MA, and there may be associated fees.

In conclusion, the Master of Arts from Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin represents a distinctive aspect of academic tradition, reflecting centuries-old practices. It is a title that goes beyond the conventional structure of postgraduate degrees, embodying a historical connection to the roots of higher education.

Moroccans

Moroccans () are the citizens and nationals of the Kingdom of Morocco. The country's population is predominantly composed of Amazigh (who are the indigenous people of North Africa), and Arabs, who arrived in Morocco in the 7th century during the Islamic conquests. Notable Berber tribes in Morocco include the "Baranis" and the "Masmuda", while Arab tribes include the "Banu Ma'qil" and the "Rahamna".

Moroccans speak Berber varieties which make 26% of the population of Morocco, either as a first language or bilingually with Arabic. Three different Berber dialects are spoken: Tarifit, spoken by 1.27 million mostly in the Rif mountains, Shilha, spoken by 3 to 4.5 million mostly in the Anti-Atlas mountains, and Central Atlas Tamazight, spoken by 2.3 million mostly in the Middle Atlas. Hassaniya Arabic is spoken in the southern part of the country, spoken by over 200,000 people. 

Almost all Moroccans follow the religion of Islam. According to "WorldAtlas", 30% of Moroccans are non-denominational Muslims, while two-thirds belong to the Sunni denomination. Other minority religions include Christianity, Judaism and Bahá'ísm.

Culturally, Moroccans practice the folklore equestrian tradition of tbourida.

Amerika Samoa

Amerika Samoa is the regional anthem of American Samoa.

TRT World

TRT World is a Turkish news channel in English language that operates 24/7 and is ran by TRT and is broadcasted from Ulus, Ankara. The channel provides worldwide news coverage which mainly focuses on Turkey, West Asia, South Asia, Europe, and Africa. The channel also has broadcasting centres in London and Washington, D.C. The channel is a member of the Association for International Broadcasting.

Australian Science and Mathematics School

The Australian Science and Mathematics School (ASMS) is a mixed-gender public high school for grades 10-12, located at Flinders University in Adelaide, South Australia. It's open to students from anywhere, including overseas. The school focuses on getting students ready for university, especially in science and math, and uses a unique teaching approach that encourages students to love learning and manage their own education.

The Australian Science and Mathematics School (ASMS) is a public, coeducational high school for students in grades 10-12, located at Flinders University in Adelaide, South Australia. Open to students from all over, including internationally, it aims to prepare them for university, focusing on science and math. The school promotes self-directed learning and a passion for education among both students and teachers.

Opened in 2003, ASMS has around 380 students and doesn't enforce a uniform policy to encourage cultural and social diversity. It benefits from a strong partnership with Flinders University, sharing many facilities and resources like the library and cafeteria. The school also collaborates on research projects through the Science and Technology Enterprise Partnership (STEP).

ASMS specializes in science and mathematics but provides a broad curriculum that meets the South Australian Certificate of Education (SACE) requirements. It features interdisciplinary studies for younger students and standard subjects for Year 12. Notably, the school organizes a "Field Trip Week" for practical learning experiences.

For Year 10 and 11 students, ASMS offers the Passion Project (previously called Adventure Space), allowing them to explore areas such as dance, robotics, and paleontology. These projects, while not graded, offer students a chance to delve into personal interests and engage with the university environment.
Jesus, Take the Wheel

"Jesus, Take the Wheel" is a song by American singer Carrie Underwood from her debut studio album, "Some Hearts" (2005).

The music video for "Jesus, Take the Wheel" was directed by Roman White.

It premiered on CMT on November 24, 2005.

The video peaked at number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for two consecutive weeks in March 2006.

Juan Gregorio de las Heras

Juan Gualberto Gregorio de Las Heras (Buenos Aires, July 11, 1780-Santiago de Chile; February 6, 1866), an Argentine soldier, was a member of the Andes Army that participated in the wars of independence of Chile and Peru from the Spanish royalists and was governor of the Province of Buenos Aires. Later he led groups that opposed Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas in his exile in Chile.

Rustlers' Rhapsody

Rustlers' Rhapsody is a 1985 American western comedy movie directed by Hugh Wilson. It stars Tom Berenger, G.W. Bailey, Marilu Henner, Andy Griffin, Fernando Rey, Sela Ward, Patrick Wayne, Jim Carter, Paul Maxwell and Christopher Malcolm. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was a box office failure.

Temporary Home

"Temporary Home" is a 2009 song by country artist Carrie Underwood and is the second single from her third studio album "Play On". It went to number 41 in the United States and number 65 in Canada. It also went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2011.

Red Lenses

"Red Lenses" is a 1984 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It is the seventh track from their 10th studio album "Grace Under Pressure". In the album's liner notes and lyrics are in lower case only.

1920 Revolution Brigades

The 1920 Revolution Brigades were a Sunni militant group in the country of Iraq mainly made up of members of the former members of the Iraqi army from the rule of Saddam Husayn (r.a). The group was established by former members of the Iraqi army in 2003 at the start of the invasion of Iraq by US forces. The group used explosives and attacked members of the United States Armed Forces and Kata'ib Hezbollah (l.a) The group was named after the Iraqi Revolt of 1920.

On March of 2007, somem mebers of the brigades broke off the group to create Hamas of Iraq. In a speech issued on the 18th of March 2007, the 1920 Revolution Brigades announced that it had split into two seperate brigades "Islamic Conquest" and "Islamic Jihad". Islamic Jihad renamed itself as the Twentieth Revolution Brigades while Islamic Conquest renamed itself Hamas of Iraq.

Niagara Falls (Chicago song)

"Niagara Falls" is a 1987 song by Chicago. It was the fourth single from their 15th studio album "Chicago 18" and only made number 91 in the United States.

Jenadriyah

Jenadriyah, also known as the National Heritage and Culture Festival or Al-Janadriyah Festival (Arabic: مهرجان الجنادرية, romanized: Maharajān al-Janādrīyah) is a cultural heritage festival in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Cultural heritage festival is a celebration where people come together to show and celebrate their History and action or way of behaving that is common among them. It has been celebrated in Saudi Arabia since the year 1985.

Most of the times, it takes place in February or March during the Spring season. The festival is then celebrated for around 14 days (two weeks). People from both inside and outside Saudi Arabia come to see the festival. For 34 years, the "Ministry of the National Guard" organized the festival, but in July 2019, the duty was given to the "Ministry of Culture". The festival shows a lot of things related to Saudi Arabia. A village is shown with old items, ornaments that people wear, for example rings, bracelets, and necklaces and tools used by Saudi people over fifty years ago as well as works of art. Each year, a different country is invited as a special guest. They are called the 'Guest of Honor'. Saudi Ministry of Culture invites them to see the festival's celebration. This also helps to make good relations with that country. The festival shows Saudi Arabia's culture and history. A large number of people from other countries or places come to see this. It becomes a place to make people learn about the country's old days and its people's way of life and to also increase Tourism. With its different types of activities and tourist attraction, the festival has become an important event for promoting cultural exchange and understanding among nations.

The first National Heritage and Culture Festival began on March 24, 1985, and was open until April 3, 1985. The main goal of the festival was to promote interest in Saudi heritage "(something that is handed down from generation to generation)", save it, and educate people about it. The festival showed different activities that showed the local environment, including old houses, markets, and old sets of tools from different regions of Saudi Arabia. Over half a million visitors came to saw the festival at the village which later became known as Al-Jenadriyah Village and the festival later became known as Al-Jenadriyah Festival.

During the Sixth Jenadriyah Festival, there were poetry readings and meetings for discussion and training where people who write poetry took part. Around 290,000 people visited the book fair, and there were also theater performances that showed Saudi society's heritage. People enjoyed watching these traditional performances by folk groups from different places of Saudi Arabia. Additionally, sports events like horse racing, wheelchair race for disabled people and a camel racing competition was also started. Visitors also saw traditional Saudi activities like using a treadmill and pressing sesame plant which was done by rotating the camel around the juicer.

The Jenadriyah Festival is celebrated once in a year but in 2018 on the order of King Salman bin AbdulAziz the festival was conducted two times, first time in February and second time in December. India was the "Guest of Honor" in February while Indonesia was the "Guest of Honor" in December.

The festival opens with an opening ceremony "(held in celebration of the start of something)"; it then proceeds with various events, including: 


Happy New Year (song)

"Happy New Year" is a 1980 song by ABBA and was taken from their seventh studio album "Super Trooper". It originally had a very limited release as a single in December. A Spanish-language version was released under the title "Felicidad" and went to the top 5 in Argentina and Uruguay. It was covered by the A-Teens. The English-language version was released in late 1999 for the new millennium and went to number 27 in Sweden, number 15 in the Netherlands, number 20 in Norway and number 75 in Germany.

West Midlands Combined Authority

The West Midlands Combined Authority (WMCA) is a combined authority for the West Midlands metropolitan county in the United Kingdom. It was established by statutory instrument under the Local Democracy, Economic Development and Construction Act 2009. It is a strategic authority with powers over transport, economic development and regeneration. The authority formally came into being on 17 June 2016.

There are seven indirectly elected members, who are councillors from the seven West Midlands county local authorities, as well as the Mayor of the West Midlands, who is directly elected by the county's residents.

There are also ten local authorities from outside the West Midlands county who have fewer rights

Mayor of the West Midlands

The Mayor of the West Midlands is a directly elected political post who chairs the West Midlands Combined Authority..

The first election was on Thursday 4 May 2017. Andy Street, the first Mayor, was originally due to hold office for three years, with the second election for the post taking place in May 2020. That was delayed for a year due to the COVID-19 pandemic, so his term was extended by a year. The second term length was reduced to three years between 2021 and 2024. The Mayor's term of office will return to four years from 2024 thereafter.

Leipzig University

Leipzig University, Leipzig, Germany, is a renowned institution with a rich history and noteworthy contributions to education and knowledge. Established in 1409, it is one of the oldest universities in the world.

Leipzig University is located in the city of Leipzig, which is in the eastern part of Germany. Leipzig is known for its cultural heritage and historical significance, providing an inspiring backdrop for academic pursuits.

Founded more than 600 years ago, Leipzig University has played a pivotal role in shaping the intellectual landscape. It has weathered the passage of time, witnessing pivotal moments in history. The university has been a hub for learning, attracting scholars and thinkers from different parts of the world.

The university was designed based on the University of Prague, as German-speaking faculty members moved to Leipzig after the Jan Hus crisis and the "Decree of Kutná Hora". The Alma mater Lipsiensis started in 1409, officially approved by Pope Alexander V in his Bull of Acknowledgment on September 9 of that year. Its first leader was "Johannes Otto von Münsterberg". The "Paulinerkirche, Leipzig's church", served as the university church from the beginning. After the Reformation, the church and monastery buildings were given to the university in 1544. To ensure funding, the university received control over nine villages east of Leipzig (called university villages), maintaining this status for about 400 years until land reforms in the 19th century.

Like many European universities, the University of Leipzig had different colleges responsible for housing and teaching. These included the Small College, the Large College, the "Red College" (also known as the New College), the College of Our Lady, and the Pauliner College. There were also private living spaces called "bursaries." The colleges had authority over their members, but this structure was later abandoned, and only the names remain today.

In the early centuries, the university grew slowly and served mostly the local region. However, in the 19th century, it became a top-tier institution for education and research globally. At the end of the 19th century, influential scholars like "Bernhard Windscheid" (a key figure in the German Civil Code) and Wilhelm Ostwald (considered a pioneer in modern physical chemistry) taught at Leipzig.
Leipzig University was among the first German universities to admit women as "guest students." In 1873, the "Allgemeiner Deutscher Frauenverein" thanked the University of Leipzig and Prague for allowing women as guest students. That same year, "Johanna von Evreinov" became the first woman in Germany to obtain her JD.

During the decline and dissolution of the Ottoman Empire in the 19th and early 20th centuries, Leipzig University, along with other German universities, became a hub for education for state administrations and elites of newly independent Balkan states (Romania, Greece, Bulgaria, and Serbia). The university educated over 5,500 students from the region between 1859 and 1909.
Until the beginning of the Second World War, Leipzig University attracted renowned scholars and future Nobel Prize laureates such as Paul Ehrlich, Felix Bloch, Werner Heisenberg, and Sin-Itiro Tomonaga. Many alumni of the university went on to become influential scientists.

The university's campus encompasses a series of buildings where students engage in various academic activities. Libraries, lecture halls, and research facilities are spread across the campus, creating an environment conducive to learning and exploration.

Leipzig University has had some really important and smart people associated with it. These individuals made a big impact in different areas like thinking, science, and writing. Their work continues to be remembered, adding to the university's reputation for being excellent.

Some famous folks who were a part of Leipzig University include Angela Merkel, "Pamella Laranjeira", Gottfried Wilhelm von Leibniz, Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, and more. These people did important things in politics, science, and art, showing the diverse talents that the university has nurtured.

Leipzig University is also linked to ten Nobel Prize winners. Recently, in 2022, Svante Pääbo won the Nobel Prize for Medicine. This means that individuals from Leipzig University have done some really amazing things and have been recognized with big awards. It shows how the university has been a home to outstanding people who achieve great things.

The university offers a diverse range of academic programs, covering fields such as science, arts, humanities, and more. Professors, experts in their respective fields, guide students through their academic journey, fostering an environment of intellectual growth and discovery.

Over the years, Leipzig University has gained international recognition for its commitment to education and research. Students from different parts of the world choose Leipzig University for its academic reputation and the opportunity to engage with a global community of scholars.

In summary, Leipzig University, established in 1409, stands as a venerable institution with a storied history. Located in Leipzig, Germany, it has been a center of intellectual exploration, producing notable figures and contributing significantly to various fields of study. The university's enduring legacy and global recognition make it a distinguished place of higher learning.

Tristichopteridae

Tristichopteridae is a family of tetrapodomorphs from the Middle and Late Devonian. Some of them share some of the features of the elpistostegalians. The most well-known is probably "Eusthenopteron".

A classic notion is that "Eusthenopteron" was able to crawl onto land using its fins. However, no evidence believes this and is believed by many to be false.

These fish were large, and some species could exceed three meters. The smallest forms ("Tristichopterus") attained lengths of 30 cm, and the largest forms ("Hyneria") could grow several meters long.

The pelvis had long, tapering pubic branches that met in a cartilaginous symphysis. The ventral fins contained the femur, tibia, and fibula. The lobed pectoral fins were usually robust. Tristichopterids had large, flat heads with sharp teeth.


Here is a gallery of a few members of the Tristichopteridae:


American Hegemony

American Hegemony is about the influence the United States has on the world. This includes politics, money, culture, and the military. After World War II, the United States became the strongest country. This influence continues today. It has a strong influence on countries in Europe but also on countries in Africa and Asia.

Before World War II America was Isolationist, meaning it didnt want to work with other countries. This was something George Washington wanted. Starting at the beginning of the 20th century its influnce grew with movies and music. It also had a very important role in World War I, which led to a lot of discussion within America.

After World War II, the United States became very strong. It had a good economy. When the Marshall Plan started in 1948, America helped rebuild Europe. This started America's close relationship with Europe. Because of all this, other countries became dependent on the United States and followed its lead. It was a founding member of the UN, an organization made to make countries work together.

During the Cold War, the United States and the Soviet Union were the two big powers. The US wanted to stop the spread of communism, so it formed alliances like NATO and gave aid to other countries. This made the U.S. very influential, and it played a big role in global politics.

When the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, the United States became the only superpower. This made the world unipolar (one central power), with the U.S. as the main leader. The US shaped international institutions, made economic rules, and sometimes used its military in .

The U.S. dollar is the main currency used around the world. This makes the U.S. very powerful economically. Organizations like the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are also influenced by the U.S. This helps the U.S. set global economic policies and make trade agreements that help its interests (what the US wants).

American culture, like movies, music, and technology, is spread all over the world. Hollywood movies are famous everywhere. American tech companies, social media, and fashion also have a big impact.

Even though American power has brought good things, some people criticize it. They say the U.S. sometimes acts like an empire, putting its interests before others. Military interventions and the idea that America is special have made some countries upset.

China has been growing economically a lot since the 20th century. Some people think that China will overtake America on the World Stage.

Hyneria

Hyneria is an extinct genus of big lobe-finned fish that lived in the late Devonian. The genus name comes from the village of Hyner, Pennsylvania, which is near where the first specimen was found. "Hyneria" would've been as long as around 2 to 4 meters in length, and would've weighed around 2 tons. It swam in rivers.


Antena Stars

Antena Stars is a Romanian television channel. It started broadcasting on 9 April 2007 and it is a part of the Intact group, owned by the family of the Romanian businessman and politician Dan Voiculescu.

On 16 December 2013, at 19:02 EET, the television station changed its name from Antena 2 to Antena Stars.


Antena 3 CNN

Antena 3 Cable News Network, known as Antena 3 CNN, formerly Antena 3 (), is a Romanian news channel owned by Antena 3 S.A. and part of the Intact Media Group. it focuses on news programmes and current events, mainly with political and economic topics. It was launched on June 27, 2005 as the third Romanian 24-hour news channel, after Realitatea TV being the first television channel launched in 2001 and N24 being the second television channel launched in 2004, which was later transformed into a generalist television channel in 2010.


Happy Channel (Romanian TV channel)

Happy Channel is a television channel, which is based in Bucharest, Romania. Launched on 15 January 2006, it is a part of the Intact group, formerly owned by the businessman and politician Dan Voiculescu.


ZU TV

ZU TV is a Romanian music television channel, owned by Intact Media Group, the largest Romanian media group.

ZU TV was launched on July 1, 2013 online as ZU Channel broadcasting non-stop music. From April 3, 2014, the channel launched on TV under its current name, replacing GSP TV.

In November 2022, ZU TV changed its format, from a general channel to a music channel.


Acasă Gold

Acasă Gold is a sister network of Acasă that focuses on classic archive programs, it was launched in April 15, 2012.


Turkana County

Turkana County is a Kenyan County found in the Northwestern part of the nation. Its surface area is about 77,000 square kilometers, or 29729 square miles. It's population is about 1,000,000. It has an average of 13 people per square km. This makes it the largest county in Kenya. Some of the largest cities found here are Lodwar, Kakuma, Lokichogio, and Lokichar. 

In most ways, the Turkanan economy depends on farming 'sorghum'. Sorghum is some kind of food, almost like wild, native cereal. Other important businesses include livestock, crop farming, fishing, weaving, and tourism. 

In prehistoric times, huntergathers from Sudan decided to live by Lake Turkana. (Those huntergathers came from Ethiopia. The first humans came from that country). They found it just east of what is now Turkana. Some battles using simple fighting tools took place there. These are such as clubs and arrows. One important battle is the second known battle in the world, Nataruk. These fights were mostly fought over natural resources near Lake Turkana. And ever since then, as communities and geopolitics of today's world shapes the way of living there. 

Nature tours are maybe the best things to do in Turkana County. Here's a list of places that takes a large part in the touring industry in Turkana. <gallery caption="Gallery of Popular Places in Lake Turkana <ref&gt;</ref&gt;">
File:Lake Turkana Central Island.jpg|Lake Turkana 
File:Great Rift Valley (53285644294).jpg|Great Rift Valley 
File:View Of Lake Turkana From Eliye Springs Hotel Resort.JPG|Eliye Springs 
File:Oudsberg omgeving.jpg|Mount Kulal 
File:Flamingo in elementaita.jpg|Lake Elementeita 
File:WV banner Sibiloi Natoinal Park National Museums of Kenya hq.jpg|Sibiloi National Park 
File:LakeTurkanaSouthIsland.jpg|South Island National Park 
</gallery>

Norman Spencer

Norman Leslie Spencer (born 13 August 1914) is an English director, actor, production manager, producer, and writer. With a career spanning over eight decades, he is best known for his collaborations with director David Lean during the 1940s and 50s.

Spencer turned 100 on 13 August 2014. He is the oldest living actor, filmmaker or entertainer and is amongst the oldest living notable centenarians.

Norman Leslie Spencer was born in Lambeth, London, England on 13 August 1914. He is an only child. His mother's maiden name was Privett. He grew up in Billericay, Essex.

Spencer made his career debut on 17 July 1935, as a director on the American Western film, "Rainbow's End".

Spencer continued his career, initially, as an extra, following his debut.

Spencer made his crew debut on 21 June 1936, as clapper loader on the thriller film "Midnight at Madame Tussaud's". This role was uncredited.

Spencer made his debut as an actor on 1 June 1937, with the uncredited role of Man in the historical drama film "Knight Without Armour". He made his second and final appearance as an actor with the uncredited role of Athlete in the comedy-drama film "A Yank at Oxford" (1938). 

Spencer first met director David Lean while he was a gofer at Denham Studios and Lean had been an editor. His first job on a Lean film was as assistant director on Lean's debut as a director, "In Which We Serve" (1942). He became Lean's production manager after joining Cineguild Productions in 1944 and went on to work on Lean's adaptation of the Charles Dickens novel "Great Expectations" (1946). He co-scripted and co-produced Lean's film adaptation of the Harold Brighouse play "Hobson's Choice" (1954). Lean's first casting suggestion for the lead role was the Welsh-born stage and film actor Roger Livesey, but he convinced him to cast the British-American actor Charles Laughton instead, later explaining: "Laughton was a Yorkshireman and he would be playing a Lancastrian, so you'd get regional accuracy, more or less, with international casting. And I thought it needed that size of character." He collaborated with Lean on a re-write of the script for the epic war film "The Bridge on the River Kwai" (1957) leading up to the film's production, after Lean was unhappy with the one the American screenwriter and film producer Carl Foreman had written. Foreman was later asked to re-write the script by the American film producer Sam Spiegel. He worked with Lean on the Moroccan shoot for the epic biographical adventure drama film "Lawrence of Arabia" (1962), although his work was uncredited.

Spencer made his debut as a film producer on the romantic drama film "The Passionate Friends" on 26 January 1949. His final work as a producer was on four episodes of the drama series "The English Programme" in 1994. He also co-wrote his final project as a producer.

Spencer made his debut as a writer on 19 April 1954, when he co-wrote the romantic comedy film "Hobson's Choice".

Spencer, Lean and Wynyard Brown, a dramatist, playwright and screenwriter, were nominated for "Best British Screenplay" - amongst the five nominations "Hobson's Choice" recieved - at the 8th British Academy Film Awards (BAFTA) on 10 March 1955. Although the trio lost in their category, Lean's adaptation of the play won "Best British Film". The film was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on 11 November 1982, 27 years after it's debut, and repeated on BBC One on 31 December 1986 and again on 22 May 1988.

Spencer attended a special screening of Lean's adaptation of the novel "Great Expectations" at Wolverton Hall, Norfolk in July 2013.

Spencer has worked on various other projects, including; as producer on the American action film "Vanishing Point" (1971), and as co-producer on the epic apartheid drama film "Cry Freedom" (1987), directed and produced by Richard Attenborough.

Spencer has appeared as himself on various projects, including; "The Making of 'The Bridge on the River Kwai'", "The Making of 'Lawrence of Arabia'", "A Profile of 'Oliver Twist'", and "A Profile of 'In Which We Serve"' (2000). He also appeared in the documentary film "David Lean and His Dedicated Maniacs" (2009).

Spencer made his final television appearance on 11 February 2016, at the age of 101, as himself in the biographical history documentary film "Leslie Howard: The Man Who Gave a Damn".

Spencer married Barbara Lillian Ethel Sheppard (1922–2005) in Marylebone, London in April 1943. They had two daughters; Susan L Spencer (born 1944) and Sally Jane Spencer (born 1948). The couple later separated and were divorced prior to Sheppard's second marriage in April 1947. He has four grandchildren.

Spencer has resided in Denham, Buckinghamshire since 2003. He resided in Hampstead, London in 1939.

Spencer celebrated his 100th birthday in 2014.

Gina Prince-Bythewood

Gina Maria Prince-Bythewood (born June 10, 1969 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American movie director and a screenwriter. Prince-Bythewood started her career as a writer for several television series. These include "CBS Schoolbreak Special". For that she was nominated with two Daytime Emmy Awards.

Prince-Bythewood directed the movie "Love & Basketball" for which she received an Independent Spirit Award. She also directed the comic book movie "The Old Guard" from 2020.

Artful Dodger (character)

Jack Dawkins also known as The Artful Dodger is a fictional character from Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens.

The Artful Dodger is the best pickpocket that Fagin ever taught. He convinces Oliver Twist to come live with Fagin and later runs away when Oliver is caught by the police. When Fagin finds out about this and gets angry, Dodger takes out a knife but Fagin grabs it out of Dodger’s hand and beats Dodger up though he stops when Bill Sikes comes. Dodger is later arrested for petty theft and sent away to Australia.

Manuel de Heras

Manuel María Martín de Heras Soto y Daudeville (Mexico City, November 12, 1780 – July 13, 1837), was heir to the noble title of Count of Casa de Heras Soto, commander of the Order of Isabel the Catholic, corregidor, mayor, and lieutenant colonel; He signed the Act of Independence and was a member of the Congressional Regency during the first Empire, headed by Agustín de Iturbide.

Fagin

Fagin is a fictional character created by Charles Dickens for his book Oliver Twist. Fagin is based on Ikey Solomon.

When Oliver Twist runs away, The Artful Dodger tells him that he someone who won’t make him pay any money because Dodger knows him. The person turns out to be a Jew named Fagin who is a greedy person. Fagin teaches the kids to steal but Oliver doesn’t know this until he sees The Artful Dodger and Charley Bates steal and then run away. Fagin beats up The Artful Dodger since he’s afraid that Oliver will tell the police about him.

Fagin then sends his sidekick Bill Sikes and Bill’s prostitute girlfriend Nancy to kidnap Oliver. Fagin tries to beat up Oliver but Nancy stops him. Fagin tells Oliver that if he tells the police about Fagin’s crimes then Fagin will have him killed. 

It later turns out that a man named Monks hired Fagin to make Oliver a thief before Oliver turns twelve but not kill him so after Oliver escapes, Fagin plans to kidnap him. When Fagin finds out from a child spy named Noah Claypole that Nancy wants to rescue Oliver, Fagin tricks Sikes into thinking Nancy has talked to the police about him so Sikes gets angry and kills her. 

When Monks finds out about the murder, he panics and tells the police everything so they arrest Fagin. When Oliver visits Fagin in jail, Fagin is scared and begs Oliver to help him escape. Fagin is later hanged. 

Because Fagin is Jewish and a villain, Charles Dickens was sometimes said to be Anti-Semitic. Dickens said that he only made Fagin Jewish because Ikey Solomon was Jewish and he felt guilty enough about Fagin that he later wrote another book called Our Mutual Friend with a Jewish character called Ridah who is a good guy and complains about Anti-Semitism. 

Ilmari

Ilmari is a Finnish (first name or) given name, for males. It is a short form of Ilmarinen, a mythological smith in the Kalevala. 


Bernardino Rivadavia

Bernardino de la Trinidad González Rivadavia (May 20, 1780 – September 2, 1845) was the first President of Argentina, then called the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata, from February 8, 1826 to June 27, 1827. He was born in Buenos Aires on May 20, 1780. Rivadavia resigned and was succeeded by Vicente López y Planes.

Bridgetown, Virginia

Bridgetown is an unincorporated community in Northampton County, Virginia, United States.

Hungars Church, Vaucluse, Westerhouse House, Winona, and Chatham are places in the city. They are all listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Polypedates assamensis

The Assam whipping frog ("Polypedates assamensis") is a frog. It lives in India. People have seen it between 100 and 585 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in forests. People have seen it on smaller woody plants near pools. The tadpoles swim in the pools.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place.

2024 United Nations Biodiversity Conference

The 2024 United Nations Biodiversity Conference (COP16) is a conference that is planned to be held in 2024. "COP" means conference of parties; Earlier there was a "COP15"; It was the 15th conference of its kind.

Background: There was an earlier conference where a monitoring framework was agreed upon. That framework should allow the progress of the countries towards national goals and targets under the Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework to be evaluated.

On 11 December 2023, Colombia, through its Minister of Environment and Sustainable Development Susana Muhamad, officially offered to host the event from 21 October to 1 November 2024.

In February 2024, Cali said it will hold the biodiversity conference.
The UNCBD notified Parties on 31 July 2023 "Turkeys’ decision to withdraw from hosting and presiding over the sixteenth meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity because of the three destructive earthquakes that occurred in February 2023".

University of Dublin

The University of Dublin is a well-known institution located in the capital city of Ireland, Dublin. Established in the early 16th century, it holds a significant place in the history of education and has played a crucial role in shaping the academic landscape of Ireland.

The University of Dublin is situated in the heart of Dublin, the capital and largest city of Ireland. Its main campus is in the historic area of Trinity College Dublin, providing a picturesque setting for students to pursue their studies.

Founded in 1592 by Queen Elizabeth I, the University of Dublin has a rich and storied history. It was established with the vision of providing quality education to the people of Ireland and beyond. The university's founding charter emphasizes the pursuit of knowledge, fostering a spirit of inquiry, and contributing to the intellectual and cultural development of society.

Throughout its long history, the University of Dublin has witnessed and been a part of several significant events. One notable period is the "Irish Renaissance" in the late 19th and early 20th centuries when the university played a central role in the cultural revival of Ireland. This era saw the emergence of renowned literary figures such as W.B. Yeats, Samuel Beckett, and James Joyce, who were associated with the university.

The University of Dublin has been home to many distinguished individuals who have made significant contributions to various fields. Notable alumni include famous writers like Jonathan Swift, author of "Gulliver's Travels," and Bram Stoker, the creator of "Dracula." In the field of science, Ernest Walton, a Nobel laureate in physics, conducted groundbreaking research at the university.

Today, the University of Dublin continues to uphold its commitment to academic excellence and research. It offers a wide range of undergraduate and postgraduate programs across various disciplines, attracting students from around the world. The university's commitment to innovation and research has contributed to advancements in science, literature, and technology.

The University of Dublin stands as a beacon of learning with a rich history that spans centuries. From its establishment in the 16th century to its current position as a global center for education and research, the university has played a vital role in shaping the intellectual and cultural landscape of Ireland. Its enduring commitment to knowledge and excellence ensures that it remains a respected institution in the world of academia.

Questions 67 and 68

"Questions 67 and 68" is a 1969 debut single by Chicago. It was taken from their debut studio album "Chicago Transit Authority". It went to number 71 in the United States, number 79 in France, number 54 in Canada and went to number 24 in the United States when it was re-released in 1971.

Cry Pretty (song)

"Cry Baby" is a 2018 song by country singer Carrie Underwood and is the title track to her sixth studio album "Cry Pretty". It went to number 48 in the United States, number 75 in Scotland and number 83 in Canada. It also went to number 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 8 on the Canadian Country songs chart.

Cry Pretty

Cry Pretty is the sixth studio album by country artist Carrie Underwood. It was released on September 14, 2018 through Capitol Nashville. It went to number 1 in the United States and Canada, number 16 in the United Kingdom, number 12 in Scotland, number 32 in New Zealand, number 4 in Australia, number 40 in Ireland, number 46 in the Netherlands and number 36 in Switzerland.

Track listing and credits adapted from "Rolling Stone" and the iTunes Store. All songs produced by Carrie Underwood and David Garcia, except "The Champion", produced by Jim Jonsin.

Lower Austrian Football Association

The Lower Austrian Football Association (Germanː NÖFV-Niederösterreichische Fußballverband) is the leading body of football in the federal state of Lower Austria.
On 16 May 1911, the association was founded as the Lower Austrian Football Association (NFV). Also the Viennese clubs belonged zo the association because Vienna was a part of Lower Austria. The first championship started in September 1911, with eleven Viennese clubs taking part. SC Rapid became the first champions. The championship already had mandatory kick-off times and there were relegation games between the first and second tiers. 

After the First World war and the end of the monarchy Vienna remained the capital of Lower Austria. After lengthy discussions, the “Separation Act” was passed at the end of 1921 and Vienna became its own federal state on 1January 1922. This was also important for the Association. On 15 February 1923 it was divided into the Vienna Football Association and the Lower Austrian Football Association.


In the youth sector there are championships for U7 to U18 teams.

The Lower Austrian Football Association also organizes a cup competition. There is no cup competition for women in Lower Austria.
Men
Women

Blackjack County Chain

"Blackjack County Chain" is a 1967 song written by Red Lane. It was recorded by Willie Nelson after it was rejected by Charley Pride. It went to number 21 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles charts.

Beer for My Horses

"Beer for My Horses" is a 2003 song by singers Toby Keith and Willie Nelson. It was taken from Keith's seventh studio album "Unleashed". It went to number 22 in the United States and topped the country singles chart. It was adapted into a movie in 2008.

Damn Strait

"Damn Strait" is a 2021 song by country singer Scotty McCreery and is the second single from his fifth studio album "Same Truck". It went to number 32 in the United States and number 56 in Canada. It also went to number 6 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles charts and number 2 on the Canadian Country charts. It pays tribute to country singer George Strait.

Peter Arshinov

Peter Arshinov (1887–1937) was a Russian anarchist and historian. 

Peter Arshinov was born in 1887. He was from a working class Russian family. During the Russian Revolution of 1905, Arshinov joined the Bolsheviks and published their newspaper. He then moved to Ukraine and became an anarchist. He carried out terrorist attacks, including bombings and assassinations. He was arrested and imprisoned in Moscow. In prison, he met the Ukrainian anarchist Nestor Makhno and became his teacher.

After the 1917 Revolution, Arshinov and Makhno were released from prison. Makhno returned to Ukraine, while Arshinov stayed in Moscow. When Makhno's Insurgent Army beat the Central Powers, Arshinov went to Ukraine and joined Makhno. Arshinov established the Nabat, a Ukrainian anarchist organisation. Arshinov also edited the Makhnovshchina's newspaper "The Road to Freedom".

Arshinov witnessed the Insurgent Army's conflict with both the Red and White armies. In 1921, he went into exile in Berlin. There he wrote his "History of the Makhnovist Movement". In 1925, he moved to Paris and established the magazine "Delo Truda". He co-wrote the "Organisational Platform of the General Union of Anarchists", which called for anarchists to be more organised. The "Platform" was controversial and Arshinov was accused of authoritarianism. In the 1930s, Arshinov left the anarchist movement and became a communist. He moved to the Soviet Union, where he was killed in the Great Purge.


Gold-digging ant

The gold-digging ant is a mythical insect from the Baltistan region of northeastern Pakistan. It is mentioned in old stories like the Greek historian, Herodotus' book "Histories". According to these tales, these ants were big like dogs or foxes and had fur. They would dig into the ground to find gold.

In Herodotus' writings, he talks about these furry "ants" that were as big as foxes. They lived in a sandy desert in the far eastern part of the Persian Empire (modern-day Pakistan), where the sand had tiny pieces of gold. When these giant ants dug their tunnels, they would sometimes bring up the gold dust, which the people there would then collect.

The first mention of these legendary insects was in the 5th century BC. In his book Histories, Herodotus talks about large, furry "ants" that are as big as foxes. He says they live in a sandy desert in one of the far eastern provinces of the Persian Empire (modern Pakistan). This place has sand with tiny pieces of gold in it. These big ants would dig tunnels, and sometimes they'd find gold dust, which the people of the area would collect.

In his book "The Ants' Gold: The Discovery of the Greek El Dorado in the Himalayas," Michel Peissel, a French expert, thinks that these "ants" Herodotus talked about might actually be Himalayan marmots found in Pakistan's Gilgit-Baltistan province. Just like the area Herodotus mentioned, the ground there has gold dust. Peissel talked to the Minaro tribe who live there, and they said they've been collecting gold dust for years, which the marmots bring up when they dig burrows. This story was well known in ancient times, and later writers like Pliny the Elder wrote about it too.

Peissel says that Herodotus might have mixed up the Persian words for "marmot" and "mountain ant" because he didn't speak Persian and had to rely on translators. Herodotus himself didn't see these gold-digging "ants"; he was just repeating what he heard from other travelers.

The story about the "Gold-digging ants" has been around for more than 2,500 years, people have talked about big "ants" in a far place that dug gold and made the Persian Empire rich. Some historians thought it was true, while others thought it was too crazy to believe. People in ancient Athens and Rome believed in this story, and even Alexander the Great knew about it. Many people have tried to understand this mystery over the years.

Now, a group of explorers claims they've figured it out. They believe they've found the place where these legendary gold-digging ants lived, in the Himalayas near the upper Indus River. These huge furry "ants," first mentioned by Herodotus over 2,000 years ago, are actually big marmots. They're like foxes but not as big as dogs. These marmots still bring up soil with gold in it as they dig their burrows. And the explorers found local people called Minaro who've been collecting this gold dust for generations.

Other explorers had thought these ancient "ants" were marmots before, but they didn't know where people actually found the gold. Now, the explorers think they've found that place. This place is called the Dansar (Deosai) plain, high up in the Himalayas in northern Pakistan. It's a remote area where the Indus River flows through deep gorges. There are small villages of Minaro tribal people who've lived there for a long time, still keeping ancient traditions.

A French researcher named Michel Peissel first heard about this from the Minaro people 14 years ago. They told him that they used to collect gold dust from marmot burrows in Dansar (Deosai). It took a long time for Peissel and a photographer to get permission to visit the Minaro people on the Pakistani side of the border. In Pakistan, they heard the same stories from the villagers. They went to the Dansar plain and saw the marmots digging. They even found soil with gold in it.

Experts have wondered why Herodotus called these creatures "ants" when they were actually marmots. Peissel thinks it's because the Persian word for marmot sounds like "mountain ant." And Herodotus didn't speak Persian"."

Kanal D (Romania)

Kanal D Romania (short form of Kanal Doğan) is a nationwide television channel in Romania and a part of Doğan Holding, which is owned by the Turkish media tycoon Aydın Doğan. The channel was launched on 1 March 2007. In 2012, Kanal D Romania was ranked in the top three channels in Romania. Kanal D Romania is also being in the first place with many of its television programs in prime-time, such as Turkish television series and Turkish soap operas.

In 2016, in Prime Time (20:00 - 24:00), Kanal D ranked second in the top TV channels in Romania, both in the All Urban target (an increase from 2015 of +21%) and National (an increase from 2015 of +26%). Kantar Media (2015-2016), target: All Urban și Național, Prime Time: 20:00 – 24:00

Prima TV

Prima TV () is a Romanian commercial TV channel, famous mainly for the "Cronica Cârcotaşilor" show and various reality shows aired on this channel.







"Focus" is the television main news bulletin, broadcast daily at 18:00 EET.



Prima Sport

Prima Sport is a Romanian network of sports channels owned and operated by the media group Clever. The package includes four channels called Prima Sport 1, Prima Sport 2, Prima Sport 3, Prima Sport 4, and Prima Sport 5. It was launched in 2011, under the name Transilvania L!VE and after other names, the channels became Prima Sport on April 19, 2022.



Național 24 Plus

Național 24 Plus is a Romanian free-to-air channel, owned by Centrul Național Media, which is a trust owned by Micula Brothers.

Until January 7, 2010, it was named as N24 and it was a 24-hour news channel. It was named as N24 Plus from January 7, 2010 until October 1, 2011, when it became Național 24 Plus. The idents of Național 24 Plus are identic with the idents of Național TV used from 2003 to 2004.

Național 24 Plus broadcasts Indian television series, news, documentaries, music videos, children's television programs and lifestyle television programs. It is the sister channel of Național TV, a generalist television channel, also owned by Centrul Național Media.




Polypedates iskandari

Polypedates iskandari is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Vietnam, Myanmar, China, Laos, and India. People have seen it between 0 and 1008 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in forests, places where the forest was cut down and grew back, farms, towns, and gardens. The tadpoles swim in puddles, ponds, and other bodies of water.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living places that humans have changed.

Atomic TV

Atomic TV (stylized as Atomic. and simply known as Atomic) is a Romanian television network launched on 20 November 2021 as an online livestreaming channel, and on 23 November 2021 as a television channel. The channel primarily airs music made in Romania from the 90s and 2000s, but also music from 2010s.

The channel is a revival of the original Atomic TV channel launched on 3 February 1999, rebranded as TV K Lumea on 26 June 2004, sold to SBS Broadcasting Group and rebranded as Kiss TV in 2006.

B1 TV

B1 TV is a Romanian television network which began broadcasting in 2001 as a general-profile channel and became a news channel in 2011. B1 TV broadcasts 24 hours a day, seven days a week all over the country.


Realitatea Plus

Realitatea Plus (meaning "The Reality Plus") is an all-news channel launched on 16 January 2015 that took the place of Realitatea TV. Its owners are Romanian politician Cozmin Guşă and businessman Maricel Păcuraru.

Realitatea Plus was launched on 16 January 2015.

Realitatea Plus replacing the defunct all-news channel Realitatea TV.


Grand Prix motorcycle racing

Grand Prix motorcycle racing is the highest class of motorcycle road racing events held on road circuits sanctioned by the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme. Independent motorcycle racing events have been held since the start of the twentieth century and large national events were often given the title Grand Prix The foundation of the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme as the international governing body for motorcycle sport in 1949 provided the opportunity to coordinate rules and regulations in order that selected events could count towards official World Championships. It is the oldest established motorsport world championship.

Jake Dennis

Jake Dennis (born 16 June 1995) is a British racing driver who lives in Nuneaton, Warwickshire. He currently competes in the Formula E with Andretti Global. He also currently serves as a development driver for the Red Bull Racing Formula One team and is a BMW Factory driver. He is the 2022–23 Formula E world champion.

2024 United Nations Climate Change Conference

The 2024 United Nations Climate Change Conference or Conference of the Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), which most people call COP29, will be the 29th United Nations Climate Change conference. Mukhtar Babayev will be the president of the conference: he is a government minister and used to work for Azerbaijan's national oil company SOCAR.

The conference's committee had 28 people at first, all men. After Christiana Figueres, the Executive Secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, and other people complained, another two men and eleven women were added.

Some people say that having COP29 in Azerbaijan is a bad thing because the government does bad things to people, like putting journalists in prison. But other people say that, because lots of foreign people will be looking at Azerbaijan during COP29, the government will be embarrassed about doing bad things to people. 

Some people say that the government has damaged its own environment, and is just pretending to care. Azerbaijan gets a lot of money by selling oil and gas to other countries.

2025 Formula 2 Championship

The 2025 FIA Formula 2 Championship is a planned motor racing championship for Formula 2 cars sanctioned by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). The championship will be the fifty-eighth season of Formula 2 racing and the eighth season run under the FIA Formula 2 Championship moniker. It is an open-wheel racing category serving as the second tier of formula racing in the FIA Global Pathway. The category will be run in support of selected rounds of the 2025 Formula One World Championship. As the championship is a spec series, all teams and drivers competing in the championship will run the same car, the new Dallara F2 2024.

The following teams and drivers are under contract to compete in the 2024 Formula 2 Championship. As the championship is a spec series, all teams will compete with an identical Dallara F2 2024 chassis with a V6 turbo engine developed by Mecachrome. All teams will compete with tyres supplied by Pirelli.

NDTV

New Delhi Television Ltd (NDTV) is an Indian television news media company founded by economist "Prannoy Roy" and journalist "Radhika Roy" in 1984. They both are husband and wife from the city of Kolkata, West Bengal.

Blind Owl

The Blind Owl (1936; , "Boof-e koor", ) is a novel written by the Iranian author Sadegh Hedayat, first published in 1936. It is considered a significant work in modern Persian literature, exploring themes of despair, existentialism, and the complex interplay between reality and illusion.

The novel presents a surreal and psychological narrative, following the experiences of an unnamed protagonist who recounts his story in a non-linear and dreamlike manner. Through its dark and haunting atmosphere, "The Blind Owl" delves into the depths of the human psyche, leaving a lasting impact on Persian literature.

The story is about a painter who doesn't have a name and feels really sad after losing a lover. He talks to a shadow on his wall that looks like an owl and shares his dark thoughts. In his weird dreams, he believes that death destroys everything imaginary. The narrator thinks we come from death and it frees us from the fake attractions of life. The novel has two parts. The first part is like a strange dream with the narrator on opium, his complicated feelings for a woman, and a strange old man. The second part tells the same story more realistically, with some details that don't match the first part.


"The Blind Owl" is known for its unique narrative style, characterized by fragmented storytelling and symbolic richness. Hedayat's prose creates a somber (dark) and 
introspective atmosphere, drawing readers into the labyrinth of the protagonist's mind.

The novel has had a lasting impact on Persian literature and has been translated into various languages, allowing a broader audience to engage with its profound themes. "The Blind Owl" remains a classic, with its exploration of the human psyche and existential concerns continuing to captivate readers worldwide.

"The Blind Owl" stands as a cornerstone of modern Persian literature, offering a thought-provoking exploration of despair, existentialism, and the intricate relationship between reality and illusion. Hedayat's unique narrative style and rich symbolism contribute to the enduring significance of this literary masterpiece.

Povel Ramel

Povel Ramel (June 1, 1922 - June 4, 2007), was a Swedish entertainer, composer, singer, actor and author.

Ramel was born in Stockholm to Märta Tesch and Karl Ramel. His parents died due to a car crash in 1937, and then Ramel lived with his aunt while he studied. When he was 17 years old, he directed and wrote his first revue. The same year he was on a trip to London where the British music inspired him, with artists like Harry Roy and Billy Cotton.

Povel Ramel did get a little bit famous when the singer Alice Babs did a cover on "Vårt eget Blue Hawaii", that Ramel had written. The real breaktrough was in 1944, when "Johanssons Boogie Woogie vals", that he composed did get very popular. The year after Per-Martin Hamerg hired him to the biggest radio station in Sweden. There Ramel did humorous programs. He also met his future wife, Susanna Ramel, when he worked for the radio station. The reviewers in the local newspaper didn't like Ramel's jokes and songs, but the listeners liked him.

With Felix Alvo, Ramel did found Knäppupp AB in 1952, a company who wrote and composed revues. The first year the company features their first revue, called "Akta huvet". It had premiere at Cirkus in Gothenburg, and in the following 16 years Knäppupp is going to produce, write and compose many revues. The company also did direct and write movies, as I rök och dans (1954), Hoppsan (1955) and Ratataa (1956).

In 1969, the whole area Knäppupp used to work at was demolished, and soon after Knäppupp's activity stopped. Their last revue was "De sista entusiasterna" from 1968.

The Norwegian singer Wenche Myhre launched a cooperation in the late 1960s. Together they occur in the revue "Pow Show" in 1969. The sequel "POW Show II - Andra varvet runt" had premiere in 1974.

Ramel later occured in the TV-series Semlons gröna dalar (1977) and Affären Ramel (1986).

New revues was written and composed by Ramel in the 1980's and 1990's, as "Minspiration" (1981), "Tingel Tangel på Tyrol" 1989 (with the swedish actor Hans Alfredson), "Knäpp igen" (1992) and "Kolla klotet!" (1996) (written together with the swedish actor Thomas von Brömssen).

In the 2000's Ramel was getting more and more inactive, and his last revue "Povel á la carte" had premiere 2005.

When Ramel only was two years old, in 1924, he stepped on a nail at a beach in Belgium, and had to get surgery in Bruges. Ramel was on the hospital in three weeks. The surgery failed and he almost died. The damage on the foot did stop, but he had surgery as an adult too.

In the spring 2007 Ramel had emergency heart problems and had to get a pacemaker. A month later he got more sick again, and he died 4 June, 2007.

Shortly after Povel's death, his fan-club "Povel Ramel-sällskapet" was found. This was the October 13 2008. In 2022, a statue of Ramel in bronze, designed by Lasse Åberg, was built. Now it stands outside "Cirkus" in Stockholm.

Ramel has an career as an author and 1945, he publiced his first book "Från Asar till Wasar". The career as an actor has lasted for long, in more than 50 years.



In 1983, Ramel invented the Karamelodikt-scholarship, in Sweden known as "Karamelodikt-stipendiet". It is handed out every year to Ramel's honor.

Matthew Garber

Matthew Adam Garber (25 March 1956 – 13 June 2009) was a British child actor, best known for his role as Michael Banks in the classic Disney film "Mary Poppins" (1964).

Matthew Garber was born on March 25, 1956, in Stepney, London, England. He attended the independent Highgate School in North London. Garber was discovered by theatrical agent Iris Burton while he was performing in the play "The Snow Queen" at the age of seven. Following this encounter, he began his acting career with several television appearances.

Garber's breakthrough came when he was cast as Michael Banks in Disney's "Mary Poppins" alongside Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke. The film, directed by Robert Stevenson and based on the book series by P.L. Travers, became an instant classic and won five Academy Awards. Garber's portrayal of the mischievous yet endearing Michael Banks endeared him to audiences worldwide.

After the success of "Mary Poppins", Garber reprised his role in the Disney film "The Three Lives of Thomasina" (1963), where he played the character Geordie McNab. However, he eventually decided to step away from acting to focus on his education.

Garber attended St. John's College, Cambridge, where he studied history. Despite his departure from the entertainment industry, he remained fondly remembered for his role in "Mary Poppins", which continued to captivate audiences for generations.

In his later years, Garber maintained a low profile and largely stayed out of the public eye. Tragically, at the age of 21, Garber contracted hepatitis while traveling in India. He was unaware of his condition until it had progressed to a critical stage. Despite receiving medical treatment, Garber's condition worsened, and he passed away on June 13, 1977.

Matthew Garber's untimely death was met with shock and sadness by his family, friends, and fans. His contribution to the world of cinema, particularly his memorable performance in "Mary Poppins", continues to be celebrated by audiences around the world.

Matthew Garber's portrayal of Michael Banks in "Mary Poppins" remains iconic and has left an indelible mark on popular culture. The film's enduring popularity ensures that Garber's legacy lives on, as new generations continue to discover and enjoy his work.

In recognition of his contribution to cinema, Matthew Garber was posthumously honored with retrospectives and tributes. His portrayal of Michael Banks remains beloved by audiences, making him an integral part of the magic of "Mary Poppins" and a cherished figure in the history of film.

List of best-selling books

This is a list of best-selling books that are not comic books or textbooks. According to the Guinness Book of World Records, the best-selling book in the world is The Bible.

1) The Bible - 5,000,000,000

2) The Quran - 800,000,000

3) The Book of Mormon - 190,000,000

4) The Bhagavad-Gita - 140,000,000

The Little Red Book - between 800,000,000 copies and 6,500,000,000

1) A Tale of Two Cities - more than 200,000,000

2) The Little Prince - 200,000,000 

3) Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone - 120,000,000

4) And Then There Were None - 100,000,000

5) Dream of the Red Chamber - 100,000,000

6) The Hobbit - 100,000,000

7) - 83,000,000

8) The Da Vinci Code - 80,000,000 

9) Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets - 77,000,000

10) Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban - 65,000,000

11) Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire - 65,000,000 

12) Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - 65,000,000

13) Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince - 65,000,000

14) Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - 65,000,000

15) The Alchemist - 65,000,000

16) The Catcher in the Rye - 65,000,000

17) The Bridges of Madison County - 60,000,00

18) One Hundred Years of Solitude - 50,000,000

19) Lolita - 50,000,000

20) Heidi - 50,000,000

21) The Common Sense Book of Baby and Child Care - 50,000,000

22) Anne of Green Gables - 50,000,000

23) Black Beauty - 50,000,000

24) The Name of the Rose - 50,000,000 

25) The Eagle Has Landed, 50,000,000

26) Watership Down - 50,000,000

27) Charlotte's Web - 50,000,000

28) The Ginger Man - 50,000,000

29) The Tale of Peter Rabbit - 45,000,000

30) Jonathan Livingston Seagull - 44,000,000

31) The Very Hungry Caterpillar - 43,000,000

32) A Message to Garcia - 40,000,000

33) To Kill a Mockingbird - 40,000,000

34) Flowers in the Attic - 40,000,000

35) Cosmos - 40,000,000

36) Sophie’s World,m - 40,000,000

37) Angels & Demons - 39,000,000

38) Alcoholics Anonymous - 37,000,000

39) Kane and Abel - 37,000,000

40) How the Street was Tempered - 36,400,000

41) War and Peace - 36,000,000

42) The Adventures of Pinocchio - 35,000,000

43) The Diary of a Young Girl - 35,000,000

44) Your erroneous zones - 35,000,000

45) The Thorn Birds, 33,000,000 copies 

46) The Kite Runner, 31,500,000 copies 

47) Valley of the Dolls, 31,000,000 copies 

48) How to Win Friends and Influence People, 30,000,000 copies 

49) The Great Gatsby, 30,000,000 copies 

50) Gone with the Wind, 30,000,000 copies 

51) Rebecca, 30,000,000 copies 

52) The Revolt of Mamie Stover, 30,000,000 copies

53) The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, 30,000,000 copies 

54) The Lost Symbol, 30,000,000 copies 

55) The Hunger Games, 29,000,000 copies 

56) James and the Giant Peach, 28,000,000 copies 

57) The Young Guard, 26,000,000 copies 

58) A Brief History of Time, 25,000,000 copies 

59) Paul and Virginia, 25,000,000 copies 

60) Lust for Life, 25,000,000 copies 

61) The Wind in the Willows, 25,000,000 copies

62) The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People, 25,000,000 copies

63) , 25,000,000 copies

64) Virgin Soil Upturned, 24,000,000 copies 

65) The Celestine Prophecy, 23,000,000 copies 

66) The Fault in Our Stars, 23,000,000 copies 

67) The Girl on the Train, 23,000,000 copies 

68) The Shack, 22,500,000 copies 

69) Uncle Sytopa, 21,000,000 copies 

70) The Godfather, 21,000,000 copies 

71) Love Story, 21,000,000 copies 

72) Catching Fire, 21,000,000 copies 

73) Mockingjay, 20,000,000 copies 

74) Kitchen, 20,000,000 copies 

75) The Andromeda Nebula, 20,000,000 copies 

76) Gone Girl, 20,000,000 copies 

77) The Bermuda Triangle, 20,000,000 copies 

78) Things Fall Apart, 20,000,000 copies 

79) Wolf Totem, 20,000,000 copies 

80) The Happy Hooker, 20,000,000 copies

81) Jaws, 20,000,000 copies 

82) Love You Forever, 20,000,000 copies 

83) The Women’s Room, 20,000,000 copies 

84) What to Expect When You're Expecting, 20,000,000 copies 

85) Huckleberry Finn, 20,000,000 copies 

86) The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, 20,000,000 copies 

87) Pride and Prejudice, 20,000,000 copies 

88) The Kon-Tiki Expedition ,20,000,000 copies

89) The Good Soldier, 20,000,000 copies 

90) Where the Wild Things Are, 20,000,000 copies

91) The Power of Positive Thinking, 20,000,000 copies 

92) The Secret, 20,000,000 copies 

93) Fear of Flying , 20,000,000 copies 

94) Dune, 20,000,000 copies 

95) Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, 20,000,000 copies 

96) The Naked Ape, 20,000,000 copies

97) Where the Crawdads Sing, 18,000,000 copies 

98) Matilda, 17,000,000 copies 

99) The Book Thief, 16,000,000 copies 

100) The Horse Whisperer, 16,000,000 copies

Mutsamudu

Mutsamudu is a city in the Comoros. It’s the capital of the island of Anjouan and is located in the northern part of the island. The population was 23,584 in 2021, making it the largest city on the island of Anjouan and the second-largest city in the Comoros.

Pacific Bell

The Pacific Bell Telephone Company (or simply Pacific Bell) is an American telephone company and Internet system provider. The name Pacific Bell (as of 2002) is no longer used for marketing although the company itself is still around. It does business as AT&T Inc.. Pacific Bell operates in the U.S. state of California.

Pacific Bell began as the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company. Along with California, this network was also operated in Oregon and Washington until the late 1960s. Pacific Bell was later owned by the Pacific Telesis Group from 1984 to 1996 or 1997. The Pacific Telesis, though, disappeared rather fast in the late 1990s and from there on was owned by SBC Communicatons along with its subsidiary Nevada Bell.

The Pacific Bell and Nevada Bell names went defunct from 2002 to 2003 or 2004 because doing business as names were not in effect yet. So Nevada Bell and Pacific Bell changed their corporate name to SBC.. The names were later resurrected in 2003 or 2004 and now perform business as the "new" AT&T..

Joey + Rory

Joey + Rory were an American bluegrass and country music duo. They were made up of Joey Feek (September 9, 1975 – March 4, 2016) and Rory Feek (b. April 25, 1965). They were a husband and wife team.

From 2008 to 2016, Joey and Rory had several strong country music ballads. They included "Cheater Cheater" (originally from the Bomshel country-pop singers) The song was about adultery (and in particular a "white trash" mistress woman with whom Rory cheated on Joey).. Other songs included "This Song's for You" and "To Say Goodbye"

Joey Feek (nee Martin) died following cervical cancer at age forty.

Gastric hemorrhage

Gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding is a sign of a disorder in the digestive tract. The blood often shows up in stool or vomit but isn't always obvious. Stool may look black or tarry. Bleeding can range from mild to severe and can be life-threatening.

Florida State Prison

The Florida State Prison is a prison located in Bradford County, Florida. The Serial killer, Ted Bundy was executed in the electric chair there.

Inclusive society

An inclusive society - based on the principles of social justice, allows all people access and full participation in society, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, ethnic group, race, religion and socioeconomic status. Inclusion is defined as involving people with disabilities in everyday activities and ensuring they have access to resources and opportunities similar to their non-disabled peers. An inclusive society is considered to be the ability of an individual to find himself in a healthy environment. This can be in the form of development, education, volunteering and other forms.

Expanding social protection is essential for all countries to achieve sustainable development goals. In an inclusive society, it doesn't matter where you come from, who you love or whether you have an illness or disability. However, an inclusive society does not arise by itself. This primarily depends on the reforms carried out by the elected government structures. But, there are still closed governments that suppress human rights and freedoms in order to maintain their long-term power. In 2020, Klaus Schwab, the founder of the World Economic Forum, stated that the crisis has sharply exposed global inequalities. According to Klaus Schwab, the pandemic has unmasked leaders who work primarily for themselves and not for the benefit of citizens.

As defined by the United Nations, an inclusive society is a set of coordinated social institutions that transcends differences of race, gender, generation, geography and ensures inclusion, equal opportunities and the determination of the capabilities of all members of society. All the developed countries in the world are currently working on the full establishment of such societies.

Inclusion consists of empowering members of society who have been discriminated against and whose rights have been violated as a result of social and political processes.

The scope of this organization's work on establishing fair and inclusive societies includes many countries in Europe, Asia, Latin America and even Africa . Institute Swedish diplomat who saved tens of thousands of Jews and other people in Hungary at the end of World War II.

Research and expertise center is particularly distinguished from the research and development institutes.

The promise of leaving no one behind is one of the defining features of the 2030 Sustainable Development Goals.The 2030 Agenda envisions peaceful, just and inclusive societies in which all people can fulfill their potential with dignity and equality. Failure to provide inclusive societies is identified as a root cause of violence and slows down sustainable development. Goals 10 and 16 directly address an inclusive society. Achieving an inclusive society by reducing inequality worldwide, with a focus on equal opportunities and expanded representation, is a key requirement for sustainable peace.

Mechanisms of economic growth in inclusive societies are posted on the website of the World Economic Forum.

The benefits of an inclusive societies approach to people have been proven through research. The desired impacts range from economic benefits to other development goals, social cohesion and lasting peace.

However, there is little evidence on whether inclusiveness makes peace processes and political settlements more inclusive or more sustainable. Research in this direction is still being conducted.


All the Small Things

"All the Small Things" is a 1999 song by Blink-182 and is the second single from their third studio album "Enema of the State". It went to number 6 in the United States and Italy, number 2 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 7 in Sweden and Ireland, number 10 in Portugal and New Zealand, number 8 in Iceland and Australia, number 4 in Austria, number 18 in Canada, number 12 in Norway, number 11 in Germany, number 39 in the Netherlands and number 19 in Poland.


History of the People's Republic of China (1949–1976)

The time period from October 1949 until September 1976 is know in the history of the People's Republic of China as Red China.

Since 1921, the Kuomintang (KMT) and the Communist Party of China (CPC) were helping each other to unify China, which had divided into small groups known as Warlords.

In 1927, after the death of Sun Yat-sen, former leader of the KMT, they began to disagree with each other, until Chiang Kai-shek killed CPC people while the CPC betrayed the KMT by founding our own chinese republic (Chinese Soviet Republic), starting the Chinese Civil War.

In 1937, the KMT and CCP decided to stop fighting and fight against Japan. The Japanese Army had been invading and conquering parts of China since 1931; forming the Second United Front.

In August 1945, the KMT and the CPC with help of the Soviet Union, United States and United Kingdom, kick the Japan out of the China and the japanese forces surrender.

After the World War II, the KMT and the CPC had tried to make the peace and create a united government in China, but the both of the sides don't agreed with other, starting again the Chinese Civil War in 1946.

In October 1949, Mao Zedong, main communist leader since 1930s, create the People's Republic of China after a discuss in Beijing, the new capital of the China. The KMT, also know as nationalists, flee to Taipei and moves the Republic of China to Taiwan.

Also, since 1949 until 1960, Some nationalists troops continued in mainland China, fighting against the People's Republic of China and your army.

In 1950, for the first time since the Xinhai Revolution in 1911, China had a time of peace for start your reconstruction from the damage caused by the Chinese Civil War and the World War II. So, Mao Zedong started the Land Reform and the collectivisation of land.

In 1950, North Korean forces invaded South Korea. The UN sent forces to help South Korea and stop North Korea's advance. With the help of the UN, South Korea managed to capture large chunks of land and invade North Korea.

The Chinese warned that if the UN and South Koreans invaded North Korea, they would send help to North Korea. General Douglas MacArthur ignored the warning and China sent troops to help North Korea which easily reversed the war again.

In 1953 the Korean War was stopped with a small armistice of peace between both sides.

The chinese help to North Korea in the Korean War delayed China's postwar reconstruction. 

A few months after Mao Zedong created the PRC, he sent some diplomats to Moscow, but was received coldly, as Stalin and the Communist Party of the Soviet Union did not trust Communism followed by the PRC.

In 1964 the People's Republic of China tested your own atomic bomb in Xinjiang.

The Chairman Mao Zedong in 1958 declared a plan for the fast industrialization of the China and it ended in 1961. The Great Leap Forward failed to bring industrialization and the famine that it created killed millions of people. Some people think it to be the biggest famine in history.

After the failure of the Great Leap Forward, Mao Zedong sought to eliminate all liberal or revisionist opposition within the Chinese Communist Party, which increasingly disagreed with Mao's actions. Knowed as Cultural Revolution, was started in 1966 and ended it in 1976, after Mao's death.

Mao had been in poor health for several years and had declined visibly for at least six months prior to his death. There are unconfirmed reports that he possibly had ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease. Mao's last public appearance was on 27 May 1976, where he met the visiting Pakistani Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto during the latter's one-day visit to Beijing.

At around 5:00PM on 2 September 1976, Mao suffered a heart attack, far more severe than his previous two and affecting a much larger area of his heart. Three days later, on 5 September, Mao's condition was still critical. On the afternoon of 7 September, Mao's condition completely deteriorated. Mao's organs failed quickly and he fell into a coma shortly before noon where he was put on life support machines. He was taken off life support over 12 hours later, quarter to midnight and was pronounced dead at 12:08 am on 9 September 1976.

His body lay in state at the Great Hall of the People. There was a three-minute silence observed during this service. His body was later placed into the Mausoleum of Mao Zedong, despite his wishes to be cremated and he had been one of the first high-ranking officials to sign the "Proposal that all Central Leaders be Cremated after Death" in November 1956.

Hua Guofeng was appointed as Mao Zedong's successor and took office after his death in 1976, Contrary to what many think, Guofeng was Mao's de facto successor, before Deng Xiaoping.

Guofeng also decreed the end of the Cultural Revolution, arrested the Gang of Four, opened diplomatic relations for the first time with Europe and the Americas and was the forerunner of the economic reforms that would later be carried out by Deng Xiaoping.

From 1978 until 1981, most of the Chinese Communist Party began to pressure Hua Guofeng to leave his post, which happened in June 1981.

Roy Harper (character)

Roy Harper is a fictional character and superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by Mort Weisinger and Paul Norris. He first appeared in "More Fun Comics" #73, as Speedy, Green Arrow's sidekick. It was in "The New Titans #99," written by Marv Wolfman, that he debuted as Arsenal, and then Red Arrow.

Roy's father, a Forest Ranger, died in a forest fire on an Navajo reservation when Roy was very young. Roy was then taken in by a Navajo medicine man named Brave Bow, because Roy's father had saved his life. Brave Bow taught Roy archery and marksmanship.

As Roy grew he came to idolize the Green Arrow, a modern day Robin Hood and superhero. In order to prove to himself that he was a worthy archer, young Roy entered an archery contest. Although he ultimately lost, the Green Arrow took notice at the young boy and decided to make him his partner helping in Roy's development as an archer. He adopted the name Speedy for the fact that he was faster than Green Arrow himself. Eventually, Roy became Oliver Queen's ward, after Brave Bow's death. It was later revealed that Roy's uncle, James Harper, is a superhero called the Guardian. Since then, he has joined the superhero team the Justice League. In addition to continuing to serve on occasion as one of the Titans, Roy has had leading roles in the superhero groups the Seven Soldiers of Victory, the Outsiders, Checkmate, the Justice League, and the Outlaws.

The character has been adapted for video games and animation several times, and was portrayed in live action by actor Colton Haynes on the Arrowverse television series "Arrow".

Speedy (Mia Dearden)

Mia Dearden is a fictional character and superheroine from the DC Comics universe. The character was created by writer Kevin Smith and artist Phil Hester, she first appeared in "Green Arrow" (vol. 3) #2 (May 2001). She is a bow-wielding vigilante who becomes the second Speedy, acting as side-kick to Green Arrow. He rescued her from a child sex-trafficking ring and took her in as his ward, training her in archery. Having survived on the streets for years, she is HIV-positive. She has been a member of Team Arrow and the Teen Titans. Her Post-Flashpoint counterpart is the daughter of crimelord John King.

Mia Dearden appeared in "Smallville", portrayed by Elise Gatien. A loose adaptation, Thea Queen, appeared on the Arrowverse television series "Arrow", portrayed by Willa Holland.

Mephisto (Marvel Comics)

Mephisto is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character made his first appearance in "Silver Surfer" volume 1, #3 in 1968. Stan Lee and John Buscema created the character and is based on Mephistopheles: a demon character from the Faust legend, who has sometimes been referred to as Mephisto. 

A sadistic, cruel, and dangerous extra-dimensional demon with unknown origins, Mephisto is incredibly powerful and is known for stealing souls and torturing them in his hell-like dimension. He is one of the many Hell-Lords in the Marvel Universe. He serves as the main antagonist of the "Ghost Rider" franchise, a major antagonist in the "Silver Surfer", "Doctor Strange" and "Avengers" series and one of the two overarching antagonists (alongside Albert Malik) of the "Spider-Man" franchise. He's the arch-nemesis of Ghost Rider, and a major enemy of Silver Surfer, Doctor Strange, Spider-Man, Hulk, the Avengers, and Doctor Doom.

Debuting in the Silver Age of comic books, the character has appeared in over five decades of Marvel continuity. The character has also appeared in associated Marvel merchandise, including animated television series, feature film, toys, trading cards, and video games.

Mephisto has been described as one of Marvel's most notable and powerful supervillains.

Peter Fonda portrayed the character in the 2007 movie "Ghost Rider", and Ciaran Hinds portrayed him in its 2012 sequel "".

Farther Up the Road

"Farther Up the Road" or "Further Up the Road" is a 1957 blues song first recorded by Bobby Bland. It is an early influential Texas guitar shuffle from the 1940s blues style to the 1960s blues rock style. It has been covered by many blues artists including Eric Clapton.

Jimmy Kruger

James Thomas Kruger (20 December 1917 – 9 May 1987) was a South African lawyer and politician of Welsh descent who was part of the conservative National Party government which championed apartheid. He rose to the position of Minister of Justice and the Police in the cabinet of Prime Minister John Vorster from 1974 to 1979. He was also President of the Senate of South Africa from 1979 until 1980, when it was abolished.

Kruger was born in Bethlehem, Orange Free State, South Africa of Welsh parents and was adopted by Afrikaner parents. After he graduated from high school in Ventersdorp, he first became a miner. He trained as a surveyor at a gold mine in Brakpan before taking an exam as a mining surveyor. Later he would work as surveyor engineer in Barberton.

Kruger studied part-time for an Afrikaans teaching degree from the University of South Africa (UNISA) and later attended the University of the Witwatersrand where he got a law degree in 1954. He began practising as a lawyer in 1955.

In 1962 he became a member of the Transvaal Provincial Council. As National Party candidate, he became a member of the House of Assembly in the Parliament of South Africa from 1966. In 1972, Kruger was made a deputy cabinet minister for the police, health and welfare. In 1974 he was made a full Minister of Police, Prisons and Justice. In June 1979, the ceremonial position of President of the Senate of South Africa but retired in 1980 when the Senate was abolished.

As Minister of Police, Prisons and Justice, Kruger was responsible for the banning of the anti-apartheid activist and Black Consciousness Movement leader Steve Biko. Banning was a form of punishment used by the South African apartheid government, in which the person was forbidden to leave the area where he or she lived, forbidden to talk to the media, or was under house arrest.

When Biko died after he was arrested by the police, the police said that he had died during a hunger strike, but Biko actually died after he was tortured by the police. When this was challenged by the liberal white South African journalist Donald Woods, a personal friend of Biko, Kruger also had him banned. Woods and his family fled the country for exile in England.

When the actual cause of death of Biko became known, it caused an international scandal, and the South African government was embarrassed and put all the blame on Kruger. In 1980, the government ordered him to resign, and he lost not only his cabinet position, but his membership of the National Party, as well. In 1982, Kruger joined the newly founded hardline pro-apartheid Conservative Party of Andries Treurnicht in protest against the racial reforms of the National Party under the P. W. Botha Government.

Kruger was married to Susan Kruger after whom the Robben Island ferry the "Susan Kruger" was named in 1977.

Kruger died at his home in Irene after recently having heart surgery. He was survived by his wife, Susanna and two sons, Eugene and Eitel.

In the movie "Cry Freedom" (1987), which was based on Woods's role in the anti-apartheid struggle, Kruger was played by English actor John Thaw.

In the movie "Goodbye Bafana" (2007), Kruger was played by South African actor Norman Anstey.

Shunga

Shunga is a term for classic Japanese erotica, particularly erotic Ukiyo-e. There are also erotic painted handscrolls, which came before ukiyo-e and are much rarer. The Japanese word "shunga" means "picture of spring". “Spring” is a euphemism for sex. "Shunga" prints showed lots of kinds of sex, including heterosexual sex, gay sex, lesbian sex, and even sex with octopuses.

Austria national under-19 football team

The Austrian U-19 national football team is the national under-19 football team of Austria. The team is controlled by the Austrian Football Association. Players who have not yet reached the age of 19 and have Austrian citizenship are allowed to play.

Futanari

Futanari is the Japanese word for hermaphroditism, or androgyny. Outside Japan, the word is used to refer to a hentai genre about feminine characters who have a penis and vulva, as well as a scrotum in some cases. The term is also often shortened to "futa".

Johann Frassl

Johann Frassl was an Austrian football player and coach. He played for SK Rapid Wien as midfielder. With Rapid he was two times Austrian football champion (1916, 1917).

Gyaru

Gyaru (from the English word “gal”) is a Japanese subculture and fashion style characterized by an over-the-top westernized feminine look and “frivolous” behavior like partying at clubs. Gyaru fashion is defined by showy clothing, heavy tanning, bleached or dyed hair, and lots of makeup. Gyaru culture and style developed as a rebellion against traditional Japanese cultural and beauty standards.

Adam's Song

"Adam's Song" is a 2000 song by Blink-182 and is the third and final single from their third studio album "Enema of the State". It went to number 2 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, number 39 in New Zealand, number 98 in Germany, number 21 in Italy and number 20 on the Canadian RPM Rock/Alternative chart. It deals with loneliness, suicide and depression.

All songs written by Mark Hoppus and Tom DeLonge, except where noted. Live tracks recorded in November 1999 at the Universal Amphitheatre, Los Angeles, California.

US/UK CD single (155 742-2)

German CD single (155 743-2)

Australian CD single (155 752-2)

Gwen Berryman

Gwendoline Margaret Berryman MBE (22 November 1906 – 20 December 1983) was an English actress, businesswoman, writer and singer. She was best known as Doris Archer in the BBC Radio 4 soap opera "The Archers".

Berryman had a career which spanned 54 years. She was made an MBE on 30 December 1980.

Gwendoline Margaret Berryman was born in Wolverhampton, Staffordshire, England on 22 November 1906, as the only child of Richard Edward Berryman (1881–1955), a cellist player, and Louisa Elizabeth Berryman (née Clark; 1884–1952), a pianist.

Berryman attended the Birmingham School of Music and the Royal Academy of Music in London, where she was awarded the gold medal for singing.

Berryman made her debut performance in "The Marriage of Figaro" in 1926. She stopped working for a brief period after one more performance the following year. She resumed her career again in 1947. Her West End theatre debut was in "Derby Day" at the Comedy Theatre in 1932.

Berryman owned a dress shop in Sedgley, Staffordshire. She was also known as Margarite Gwendoline Berryman during this period.

Berryman made her broadcasting debut on 27 June 1948, as Mrs Baines in the BBC Home Service programme "The Old Wives' Tale". She went on to have a successful radio career.

Berryman joined the cast of the BBC Home Service radio soap opera "The Archers" for the pilot episode on 29 May 1950, as the voice of Doris Evelyn Rebecca Archer (née Forrest). Her character was introduced as Dan Archer's wife and the mother of Jack, Phil and Christine at a New Year's party held at the Archers' home in the first episode broadcast on 1 January 1951. She auditioned for the role and was asked what she thought of the opening theme, Barwick Green, which made their decision easier to cast her. She had originally thought her character would last three months. She auditioned for the role and was asked what she thought of the opening theme, Barwick Green, which made their decision easier to cast her. She had originally thought her character would last three months. Her character was killed off on 27 October 1980, after 30 years, when her granddaughter Shula Hebden Lloyd found her dead from a heart attack in Glebe Cottage. Doris was a stalwart of village life and provided a listening ear to an ever-growing Archer family from the 1950s to 1980. She was originally a kitchen maid at Manor House, the ancestral home of the Lawson-Hope family, and she became lady's maid to Letty Lawson-Hope. She had appeared in over 5,500 episodes.

Berryman "started to slip over the edge" in the late 1950s, amid overwork and sudden celebrity, according to "The Archers" producer William Smethurst. June Spencer said: "Gwen Berryman believed implicitly that she was Doris Archer". Her personal writing paper were printed with the fictional address of "Brookfield Farm, Ambridge" and even stopped calling fellow actors by their real names.

Berryman ran an advice service in Arthritis Weekly from 1974. She wrote to 'advise people to live where they can see things happening from their windows - keeping cheerful – and not saying I can't go out'.

Berryman was the castaway on the 1 January 1972 episode of the BBC Radio 4 programme "Desert Island Discs". Her chosen music included Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, with her favourite being Jeremiah Clarke playing his rendition of the "Trumpet Voluntary", her choice of book was a cookery book, and her luxury writing materials.

Berryman was the subject in the 25 February 1976 episode of the ITV biographical television documentary "This Is Your Life", when she was surprised by Eamonn Andrews during what she believed to be a special rehearsal at Euston Road Studios for "The Archers" due to be broadcast on Canadian television.

Berryman sung with well-known people throughout her career.

Berryman retired in 1980, due to ill health.

Berryman never married and had no children. June Spencer said: "When she was young Gwen had been engaged to a doctor, who died tragically".

Berryman resided in a large detached house on Goldthorn Hill in Wolverhampton, named The Birches, for most of her life. She moved to Seaway Court in Torquay, Devon in 1974. She was posthumously honoured with a plaque outside her former home in Wolverhampton.

Berryman had been diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis. She later fell at Paddington. She twisted her ankle while a rhinoceros was charging at her in South Africa in 1962. She also had psoriatic arthritis. She used a walking trolley and a wheelchair from then 1962. She suffered two strokes in October 1980.

Berryman died at Torbay Hospital in Torbay, Devon on 20 December 1983. She was 77. She resided at Seven Hill Nursing Home.

Berryman was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 1981 New Year Honours by Queen Elizabeth II.


Berryman and Doris Archer were both portrayed by Pam Ferris in "Drama on 4" (2015).

2001 Rugby World Cup Sevens

The 2001 Rugby World Cup Sevens, also known as the Melrose Cup, was the third edition of the tournament and took place in Mar del Plata, Argentina. It marked a significant milestone as it was the first major rugby event ever held in South America. The matches were in the José María Minella Stadium.

In this competition, New Zealand defeated Australia to win the title for the first time. 

Here are some key details about the 2001 Rugby World Cup Sevens:


Notably, this event brought rugby’s electrifying action to South American soil, drawing enthusiastic crowds and leaving a lasting impact on the region’s sporting landscape.

Mohammad Hosseini (footballer)

Mohammad Hosseini (; born March 3, 2000, in Qom) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder and currently plays for Iran's Saipa club in the Premier League of the Persian Gulf.

Hosseini has a history of playing in the Persian Gulf Pro League with the teams of Persepolis and Havadar S.C.

Derek Boateng

Derek Owusu Boateng ( ; born 2 May 1983) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. Born in Ghana, Boateng went on to play professional football in Greece, Sweden, Israel, Germany, Spain, Ukraine, England, and the United States during a career that spanned between 1999 and 2017. A full international between 2001 and 2013, he won 47 caps for the Ghana national team and represented his country at the 2006 and 2010 FIFA World Cups.
AIK

Beitar Jerusalem

Ghana U20

Individual

Good Girl (Carrie Underwood song)

"Good Girl" is a song by American country music recording artist Carrie Underwood from her fourth studio album, "Blown Away" (2012).

The short preview of the music video premiered on "Entertainment Tonight" on March 12, 2012.

It made history on CMT's Top Twenty Countdown for being at number one for a consecutive 14 weeks.

First Bank of the United States

The First Bank of the United States was the country's first national bank, established in 1791. The bank did not perform the functions of a central bank, such as regulating private banks or setting monetary policy. Its primary purpose was to stabilize and improve the nation's credit and handle the financial business of the US government. The bank's establishment was part of a three-part expansion of federal fiscal and monetary power, championed by Alexander Hamilton, first Secretary of the Treasury. The bank's establishment faced resistance from opponents of increased federal power, including Thomas Jefferson and James Madison. The bank's charter expired in 1811, and it was succeeded by the Second Bank of the United States. The bank building is a National Historic Landmark located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and is currently closed to the public, with plans to reopen as a museum in 2026.

Polypedates ranwellai

Ranwella's spined tree frog ("Polypedates ranwellai") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it 150 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 40.5 – 48.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 67.9 mm long. This frog has teeth in its upper jaw and bony growth on its head. The skin of the frog's back can be white to yellow or green in color, with black spots. The sides of the frog's body are yellow and off-white with black spots. Parts of the legs are yellow with black stripes. The belly is white in color.

This frog lives in and near forests. People have seen them where the tree branches do not come together like a roof but they see even more of them deeper in the forest where the tree branches do come together like a roof. Scientists think this frog hatches out of its egg as a small frog and never swims as a tadpole, but they are not sure. Scientists saw two frogs mating and then saw the female frog dig what may have been a nest on the ground, but they decided not to move.

Scientists believe this frog is in danger of dying out because it lives in only a few small places and because human beings still change those places. Human beings come into their forests to take wood, build farms, and build machines on water to make electricity. Human beings also cut down small forests to build towns. Climate change has changed rainfall, which also makes life harder for this frog.

Scientists named this frog for Sanjeewa Ranwella, a doctor who helped save Gilimale forest.

Tacko Fall

Elhadji Tacko Sereigne Diop Fall (born 10 December 1995) is a Senegalese professional basketball player. He plays for Piratas de Quebradillas. He was born in Dakar, Senegal. Mamadou N'Diaye wanted Fall to attend his basketball academy. He moved to the United States when he was 16 years old. He played basketball in Houston, Texas. He trained with Hakeem Olajuwon. 

Elena Navaz

Elena Navaz Pérez (born 21 September 1960 Pamplona) is a Spanish taekwondo martial artist. She won the bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the middleweight event. 

At the 1987 World Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal, and at the European Taekwondo Championships she won bronze medals in 1984 and 1988.

Fernand Guiot

Fernand Guiot (7 August 1932 – 26 June 2021) was a French-Belgian movie, television and stage actor.

He was born in Namur. He studied at the Brussels Drama Conservatory,

He is known for his role as Mr. Dubreuil in "L'Aile ou la Cuisse" by Claude Zidi .

Guiot died in Paris on 26 June 2021, aged 88.

LASIK

LASIK, short for laser-assisted in situ keratomileusis, is a refractive surgery aimed at correcting myopia, hyperopia, and astigmatism by reshaping the cornea using a laser or microkeratome. It's considered a significant advancement over older procedures like radial keratotomy. Similar techniques include PRK and LASEK. For individuals unsuitable for LASIK or PRK due to factors like thin corneas, phakic intraocular lens implantation offers an alternative.

Globally, over 40 million LASIK procedures were performed from 1991 to 2016.


Hell's Greatest Dad

"Hell's Greatest Dad" is a song from the American television series "Hazbin Hotel". "Hazbin Hotel" is an adult animated musical comedy. The song is sung primarily by Lucifer Morningstar (voiced by Jeremy Jordan) and Alastor (voiced by Amir Talai). It also has additional parts by Kimiko Glenn and Sarah Stiles.

Antoinette Gillou

Antoinette Marie Jeanne Gillou-Gentien (born 19 January 1883 – 16 February 1949) also known as Gilou was a French tennis player.

At the 1900 Summer Olympics she competed in the mixed doubles event with Pierre Verdé-Delisle. . They lost to Hedwiga Rosenbaumová and Archibald Warden, and were eliminated before the semi-finals. Gillou also entered for the singles event at the 1908 Summer Olympics but did not start. 

Her sister was tennis player Katie Gillou who won multiple French singles titles. Her brother Pierre Gillou was also a tennis player. 

Gillou married to Paul Gentien in May 1904. Their son, Antoine Gentien also became a tennis player between 1921 and 1951. 

Gillou died in Paris on 16 February 1949, aged 66.

Attention (Charlie Puth song)

"Attention" is a 2017 song by Charlie Puth and is the lead single from his second studio album "Voicenotes" (2018). It topped the single charts in Israel and made the top 10 in Australia, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Ecuador, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Lebanon, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Portugal, Slovakia, South Korea, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.









One Call Away

"One Call Away" is a 2015 song by Charlie Puth and is the second single from his debut studio album "Nine Track Mind" (2016). It went to number 3 in Australia and New Zealand, number 4 in Lebanon and Slovakia, number 5 in South Africa, number 8 in Austria, number 10 in Switzerland, number 12 in Belgium and the United States, number 13 in Denmark, number 15 in Canada, number 21 in Sweden, number 24 in the Netherlands, number 26 in Portugal and the United Kingdom and number 30 in Germany.

Tysen Knight

Tysen Knight is an African-American pop urban artist. Tysen is well known for his street art, drawing inspiration from Buddha's teaching and pop art sense.

Tysen is an international artist, muralist, and an award-winning filmmaker. He has a documentary titled "The Art of Hustle: Street Art Documentary" which won the Best Feature Film Award 2018 at the Oregon Documentary Film Festival. Tysen was also an Artist Educator-in-residence for the Palm Springs Art Museum.

In 2018, Tysen partnered with the Palm Spring Unified School District and the Boys Art Mentorship (BAM) program in California.

Tysen Knight Scholarship Fund established by Tysen, Tysen Knight Scholarship Fund is a self supported initiative aimed at assisting high school students intending to pursue education and careers in the arts.

Lucifer (TV series)

Lucifer is a television show about Lucifer Morningstar working with a female detective named Chloe to solve crimes. It stars Tom Ellis.

Uncanny

The Uncanny is something which is scary because of how normal it seems.

The German philosopher Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling talked about the Uncanny.Friedrich Nietzsche also wrote about The Uncanny. He said Nihilism was uncanny. Ernst Jentch wrote that the Uncanny was a feeling that you weren’t sure what was real. Jentch said The Sandman was the best example of this because Olympia is an automaton but for most of the story people think she’s human. 

Sigmund Freud said The Uncanny is what everyone wants to be a secret but ends up becoming known and reminds people of their Id. Freud said that The Sandman was the best example of this. He also said that a lot of mental disorders were because of someone feeling something uncanny. Jacques Lacan had a similar idea about the Uncanny, though it was based on Freud. 

Masahiro Mori came up with the idea of The Uncanny Valley based on Freud’s idea. 
Blown Away (Carrie Underwood song)

"Blown Away" is a 2012 song by country singer Carrie Underwood and is the title track to her fourth studio album "Blown Away". It went to number 20 in the United States, number 155 in the United Kingdom, number 100 in Scotland and number 20 in Canada. It also went to number 2 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles charts and number 1 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks. It won 2 Grammys in 2013.

Navicular bone

The navicular is a wedge-shaped bone that articulates with five tarsal bones (talus, cuboid, and three cuneiform bones) forming syndesmotic joints. It is located in the midfoot together with the cuboid and three cuneiform bones.

Francis Glebas

Francis Glebas (born April 12, 1952) is an American keynote speaker, writer, movie director, storyboard artist, and teacher. He worked in movies such as "Aladdin", "The Lion King", "Pocahontas", "The Hunchback of Notre Dame", "Dinosaur", "Hercules", "Treasure Planet", "Fantasia 2000", "Piglet's Big Movie", "Space Chimps", "Rio", and "".

He has taught and consulted on animation, story, storytelling and storyboarding at the New York Institute of Technology, University of California, Los Angeles, Gnomon School of Visual Effects, and Walt Disney Imagineering.

He has given Keynote speeches at TMRE 2016, CalArts 2016, Gnomon School of Visual Effects 2017.



SwitchBot

SwitchBot is a technology company headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. Operating in the IoT industry, SwitchBot offers smart home products, and devices for home automation, security, outdoor environments, lighting, home energy, and home cleaning.

SwitchBot's product line includes smart switches, curtains, meters, locks, and other devices that can be controlled using smartphones or voice commands. The brand's product line has expanded to include smart locks, solar panels, and other devices that can be controlled using smartphones or voice commands. SwitchBot products integrate with Amazon Alexa, Apple HomeKit, Google Assistant, Samsung SmartThings, IFTTT, and Clova. 

2014 Isla Vista killings

The 2014 Isla Vista killings were two hate attacks against women in Isla Vista, California. On the night of May 23, 22-year-old Elliot Rodger killed six people and hurt fourteen others using guns, knives, and a car near the University of California, Santa Barbara. After the murders, he committed suicide, shooting himself in the head. 

Rodger first killed three men in his apartment, attacking them by surprise and stabbing them one at a time as they arrived. About three hours later, he drove to the Alpha Phi sorority house, attempting to get in. Unable to enter, Rodger then shot three women outside the sorority house, killing two. He then drove to a nearby deli and shot and killed a male student inside. After that, Rodger drove around Isla Vista, shooting at people walking and hitting others with his car. He shot back at the police twice and got shot in the hip. He later crashed his car into a parked vehicle. As police went around the vehicle, they found Rodger dead from a self-caused gunshot wound to his head.

Before going to the sorority house, Rodger posted a video on YouTube called "Elliot Rodger's Retribution." In the video, he talked about his plan to attack the University and why he was doing it. He stated that he wanted to "punish" women for not liking him back and men who were sexually active because he was jealous of them. He also sent a long document titled "My Twisted World: The Story of Elliot Rodger" that told his life story to friends, his therapist, and family members. This document was also shared online and became known as his "manifesto." In it, he talked about his life, family problems, being upset about not having a girlfriend, his dislike for women, his negative feelings towards interracial couples, and his plans for what he called "retribution."

On May 23, 2014, Elliot Rodger, carrying 6- and 8-inch "SRK" and nine-inch boar hunting knife, first attacked his roommate, 20-year-old Weihan "David" Wang, when Wang came back to their apartment. Wang tried to defend himself but was stabbed 15 times. Rodger then attacked his other roommate, 20-year-old Cheng Yuan "James" Hong, who showed up later, stabbing him 25 times as Hong tried to protect himself. Rodger dragged Wang and Hong's bodies in a bedroom and hid them in blanket, towel and clothing. The last person to arrive at the apartment was 19-year-old George Chen, a friend of Wang and Hong. Chen was also attacked by Rodger and was stabbed 94 times as he attempted to defend himself. Chen's body was left in a bathroom. Blood on the walls and blood-soaked paper towels showed that Rodger tried to clean the apartment's hallways and hide signs of the earlier stabbings as each victim entered the apartment. 
After killing the three men, between a three hour time frame, Rodger changed out of his clothes that were drenched in blood and then went to Starbucks, where he bought a triple-vanilla latte. Less than two hours after his Starbucks visit, he uploaded a video on YouTube called "Elliot Rodger's Retribution" and emailed a 137-page document called “My Twisted World” to 34 people, including his parents, friends, and therapists. His mother, Li Chin Rodger, was alerted by a call from her son's therapist Gavin Linderman to check an email he sent. After seeing his manifesto and finding the "Retribution" video online, she and Rodger's father, Peter Rodger, rushed towards the University while contacting the police. Rodger first went to the Alpha Phi sorority house, where he tried to get inside by knocking on the door for three minutes. Unable to enter, he returned to his car and, from an open window, shot at three members of the Tri Delta sorority who were walking back to their sorority house. The victims were 19-year-old Veronika Weiss, 22-year-old Katherine Cooper, and 20-year-old Bianca DeKock. Weiss and Cooper died from their injuries, while DeKock, bleeding and calling her mother, was helped by a deputy who put pressure to her wounds. A bystander continued to give first aid to DeKock when the deputy left to join the chase for Rodger. 

After leaving the sorority house, Rodger made a three-point turn in a driveway on Pardall Road. As he drove past a coffee shop on Pardall, he fired a shot into it, but the shop was closed. Next, he went to the IV Deli Mart, where he began shooting at people nearby. As 20-year-old Christopher Michaels-Martinez looked to see Rodger's car from the store's entrance, he was shot in the chest, causing injuries to his liver and right ventricle of his heart. Michaels-Martinez entered the deli and fell to the floor. A 19-year-old woman attempted CPR but Michaels-Martinez had immediately died from his injuries. Rodger fired more shots into the deli, breaking windows while people inside tried to find cover. Rodger then continued driving, hitting a man with his car, causing him to be thrown into the air. Driving on the wrong side of the street, he hit another pedestrian and fired at two people on the sidewalk but missed them. He shot a couple leaving a pizzeria and a female cyclist. After turning onto several streets, Rodger exchanged gunfire with a sheriff's deputy and hit two pedestrians. Rodger shot and injured three people on Sabado Tarde Street, hit a skateboarder and two cyclists with his car, and then shot two other men at another intersection. 

Near the intersection of El Embarcadero and Sabado Tarde, he had a shootout with three sheriff's deputies and got shot in the hip. Trying to escape the police, he turned onto several streets, hitting another cyclist who tumbled and damaged the car's windshield. Rodger eventually crashed his car into several other vehicles. As police surrounded the car, they mistakenly handcuffed the cyclist, thinking he might be a second suspect. They soon realized the cyclist was actually a victim, not involved in the attacks, and provided him with medical care. The police looked in the car and found Rodger dead from a self-inflected gunshot wound to the head. In Rodger's car, the police found a Glock 34 handgun, two SIG Sauer P226 handguns, 500 additional rounds of live ammunition, and two knives. The entire shooting spree lasted for eight minutes, during which Rodger fired about 55 9mm rounds. The attacks resulted in seven people's deaths and 14 others being injured. 

About three hours after the shooting, deputies searched Rodger's apartment and discovered it was a mess. Along with the three bodies of Rodger's roommates and their friend, police discovered slashes and stab marks on Rodger's bed sheets and pillows, leading them to believe that he practiced stabbing on them before he attacked and killed the three men. They also found a folding knife, a "zombie killer" knife with a 10-inch blade, an 18-inch blade machete, a hammer, knives, and empty ammunition boxes. They also came across a hand-drawn picture of someone being stabbed and a printed version of Rodger's 137-page manifesto. Additionally, they found his laptop opened to YouTube, showing that he had just uploaded his “Retribution" video, and a handwritten journal that was open to a page dated May 23, 2014, which read:

In an interview, Wang's parents said their son wanted to move out because Rodger wasn't very social. He complained to the building manager that Rodger would play loud music in the middle of the night. Wang found a new apartment and had planned to move there with his friends for the next semester. Students and community came together at Anisq'Oyo Park in Isla Vista on the night of May 24 for a candlelight gathering to remember the victims. Three days later, on May 27, over 20,000 people attended a memorial at the University's Harder Stadium. During the memorial, Michaels-Martinez's dad, Richard Martinez, spoke about his son and repeatedly yelled, "Not one more!"

Rodger faced mental health challenges from a young age but was never hospitalized for mental illness. He had difficulty in social situations, often cried in crowds, and displayed repetitive behaviors. In 2007, he was diagnosed with pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified, an autism spectrum disorder that causes significant social developmental challenges. Rodger struggled with managing anger towards his peers who he felt were leading better lives. At 15, he was prescribed Xanax and Prozac, and later started taking Paxil. He found the medication made him drowsy and preferred to rely on positive thinking to manage his shyness. Rodger had issues with anger and jealousy. He had trouble with his social skills, seeking help from three counselors in Santa Barbara, attending about 29 sessions from May 2013 to May 2014, in addition to meeting with a life coach in Los Angeles.

Due to Rodger's ongoing anger towards couples and his struggles with trying to fit in, it was suggested that he be put into a residential treatment program which would provide him with daily individual therapy, group therapy, and training to help with his social skills. In 2013, when asked how he dealt with his anger towards his peers, who he believed were living better lives than him, Rodger responded that he "just holds it all in." In the months leading up to the shooting, he starting taking Xanax to help with anxiety. Dale Launer, a family friend, mentioned he gave Rodger advice on how to approach women, but Rodger did not take his advice. Launer also recalled that when he first met Rodger at the age of eight or nine, he could already sense that something was not right with him.

While Peter Rodger and his wife, along with Li Chin, drove separately, Peter kept calling his son's phone, trying to reach him. Both parents were also in communication with the sheriff's department over their phones. As they approached their son's neighborhood, they were instructed to wait in a nearby Home Depot parking lot for further information. It was there that the sheriff notified them their son had been found dead, confirmed by his license. Devastated by the news of their son's death, his parents thought he was a victim and were unaware that he was the killer until hours later when they saw reports on the internet. Authorities and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives executed search warrants at the houses of Rodger's parents, initially visiting his father's home in Woodland Hills. Subsequently, they conducted a search at his mother's house in West Hills. Following these events, Rodger's family faced several death threats that forced them to move every two days. 

In June 2014, during an interview with Barbara Walters, Peter shared that he initially believed his son was a victim in the tragic event, not the perpetrator. He explained that despite his son's long history of social difficulties and years of therapy, he never envisioned him capable of such violence. Peter acknowledged his son's distress over being a virgin and even considered taking him to Las Vegas to lose his virginity, a proposal Elliot rejected. He also mentioned getting mad at his son after finding out about his involvement with misogynistic online forums. Peter described his son as being really good at hiding his true state of mind and expressed deep regret for the agony inflicted on the victims' families.

In February 2012, after being unable to find a girlfriend, Rodger mentioned in his manifesto that the "Day of Retribution" became a possibility. He became fixated on winning the lottery as he believed it was the only way for him to lose his virginity due to the wealth he would acquire. By June 2012, Rodger wrote that winning The Mega Millions lottery jackpot was the only way in which he would not carry out his planned "Day of Retribution." When he did not win the jackpot in September 2012, he visited a gun range in Oxnard, California. Starting in November 2012, Rodger made several trips from California to Arizona to buy tickets for the Powerball jackpot, but after failing to win, he began to actively plan his attack. His first purchase was a Glock 34 semiautomatic pistol, which he bought $700 in December 2012. In spring 2013, he bought an Sig Sauer P226 for $1,100. He saved up $5,000 for the supplies needed for the attack, and was able to buy another Sig Sauer P226 in 2014. He funded his weapon purchases with money he had saved from gifts from his grandparents and the $500 monthly allowance his father sent him.

In August 2013, Rodger decided to delay his planned attack until Spring 2014. By January 2014, he had chosen April 26, 2014, as the new date for his attack. Rodger initially planned to carry out his attack on Halloween in 2013 but decided against it, thinking there would be too many police officers around at that time. He also thought about launching his attack on Valentine's Day and during Deltopia, a spring break event that attracts thousands of young people to Isla Vista in early April. However, he decided against these dates too, concerned about the high presence of police and realizing he needed more time to prepare for the attack. In his manifesto, Rodger expressed a desire to kill his six-year-old stepbrother, fearing he would grow up to be more popular with girls than him. He also wanted to kill his stepmother because he disliked her. Rodger planned to carry out these murders while his father was away on a business trip, concerned he might have to kill his father too if his plans were discovered. However, on April 24, Rodger fell ill with a cold, which led him to postpone his attack to May 24, 2014.

Rodger created and emailed a 137 page 107,000-word manifesto called "My Twisted World: The Story of Elliot Rodger" to 34 people, including his parents, former teachers, childhood friends, and therapists. Rodger's manifesto starts as a story of his life, where he expresses his anger towards women and his views on why he felt treated unfairly by life. As the manifesto progresses, Rodger details his plan for his "Day of Retribution," divided into three parts. The first part involved killing his roommates and any other people he could bring to his apartment. The second part, which he called the "War on Women," was where he intended to kill as many women as he could inside the Alpha Phi sorority house. In the final part, Rodger planned to drive around Isla Vista, shooting and hitting as many people with his car. Rodger's father was aware that he had been writing something, but Rodger refused to show him it. On a hike they took together before the attacks, Rodger's father expressed interest on what he was writing and asked if he could send it to him. Rodger brushed off the request, assuring him that he would share it in due time.

Rodger posted about 22 videos on YouTube, expressing frustrations over his inability to get a girlfriend and his views on life, with titles like “Why do girls hate me so much?”, “Life is so unfair because girls don't want me”, and “My reaction to seeing a young couple at the beach, Envy”. Other videos included Rodger driving while listening to music. Shortly before the attacks, one of his videos caught attention on Reddit's “cringe” forum, where a user commented that Rodger gave off a "strong Patrick Bateman vibe," suggesting he seemed like a serial killer. Minutes before starting his attack on Isla Vista, Rodger uploaded his "Retribution" video to YouTube. In the video, Rodger is seen sitting in his BMW during a sunset, reciting scripted lines and letting out fake laughs. Rodger explained in the video that he was frustrated that he was still a virgin at 22 and wanting to be loved by a woman:

Rodger often visited online forums like ForeverAlone and PUAHate, where men who felt unsuccessful with women shared their frustrations, criticized each other, spoke negatively about women, and criticized pick-up artists. On these forums, Rodger and others made statements against women and Rodger described himself as an "Incel," which stands for involuntarily celibate. This term is used in an online community where members talk about their struggles to find a romantic or sexual partner. Rodger expressed racist views in his posts, including mocking an Asian man trying to date a white girl and stating it was “rage-inducing” to see a “black guy chilling with 4 hot white girls.” Rodger's online activities included numerous searches related to Nazis, such as researching Joseph Goebbels and Heinrich Himmler, and looking up topics like "Did Adolf Hitler have a girlfriend" and "Nazi anime." He also searched for information on "modern torture devices" and "Spanish Inquisition torture devices." In the days leading up to the attack, he visited websites like anxietyzone.com and bodybuilding.com. On the day of his attacks, Rodger looked up pornography and searched online for "quiet silent kill with a knife" and "how to kill someone with a knife," indicating he was searching on how to kill his two roommates and their friend before they arrived.

Several news networks chose to limit the airing of Rodger's "Retribution" video due to concerns that it might inspire similar crimes. After the murders, the PUAHate forum was taken off the internet completely. Then, on May 27, 2014, YouTube decided to take down Rodger's "Retribution" video because it broke their rules by showing a threat of violence. Some experts said that taking down the video would cause it to be shared even more across the internet. Mahbod Moghadam, one of the founders of Genius.com, stepped down from his position after he faced backlash for making comments on Genius.com about Rodger's manifesto. He had called the manifesto "beautifully written," which led to negative media attention.

In the aftermath of the attacks, men on social media and in the comments on Rodger's YouTube videos, empathized with Rodger's views and difficulties. Some comments implied that Rodger's challenges could have been changed if he had visited a prostitute, while others suggested that being ignored by women was a valid reason for committing murder. A Facebook page named "Elliot Rodger Is an American Hero" was created, calling on men to share their thoughts and pay tribute to Rodger for what was described as his "ultimate sacrifice in the struggle against feminazi ideology." The page also shared Rodger's "Retribution" video, with several commentators expressing support for his quest for vengeance against women. Activists reported the page for promoting hate speech, harassment, and violence, and initiated a campaign on Twitter encouraging others to report the page to Facebook. Facebook's response was that the page did not infringe upon its community standards, leading to widespread criticism as evidenced by the sharing of Facebook's responses on Twitter. Ultimately, the page was deactivated, with Facebook citing its Statement of Rights and Responsibilities as the rationale for this decision.

Rodger's actions have sparked numerous memes, including one that features his face edited into a religious painting. On forums like 4chan and Reddit, some users revere him as a "saint" and celebrate "Saint Elliot Day" every anniversary of his attacks. Additionally, men posted tribute songs, and others have created and distributed t-shirts with Rodger's image, with one man creating videos to unbox the t-shirts. On some Incel forums, discussions about committing violence against women and men perceived as sexually successful are referred as "chads." The Isla Vista killings brought the Incel community into the mainstream, with it having been praised by young men around the world who identify as Incels, believing themselves unable to get a girlfriend and that they deserved sex. It's common to see references to "E.R." in these forums, and acts of violence by Incels are often described as "going E.R." Moreover, Rodger has been mentioned by individuals responsible for or suspected in other mass killings. For example, on April 23, 2018, 25-year-old Alek Minassian killed 11 people and injured 15 others in Toronto, Canada, by driving a van through the city. Before his attack, Minassian posted on his Facebook profile:

Following the misogynistic nature of Rodger's crimes and the identification of his hatred for women as a motivating factor, some Twitter users employed the hashtag #NotAllMen to express that "not all men" behave in such a manner or would commit similar acts. Other users believed the attacks were not misogynistic because Rodger killed more men than women. However, this hashtag faced criticism for potentially diverting attention away from the broader issue of violence against women. In a bid to shift the focus back to the systemic issues of misogyny and sexism experienced by women, two Twitter users introduced the hashtag #YesAllWomen, highlighting that all women endure sexism and misogyny. Within just four days of its inception, the #YesAllWomen hashtag had been used 1.2 million times on Twitter, quickly eclipsing previous hashtags that aimed to spotlight violence and sexism against women.

On July 20, 2013, Rodger, wanting to lose his virginity days before his 22nd birthday, drank vodka to become drunk. He went to a party hoping to talk to girls. Unable to talk to girls, Rodger became angry and climbed onto a 10-foot ledge and pretended to shoot people at the party with his finger. He then tried to push several women off the ledge, but a group of men stopped him by pushing him off instead, causing him to break his ankle. After the fall, Rodger went back toward the party to look for his sunglasses but was so drunk that he ended up getting into another altercation in front of a different house. The day after, two sheriff's deputies visited him in the hospital to ask about the fights. Rodger told them he had been pushed off the ledge after calling someone "ugly" and claimed that after the fight, he walked to a nearby front yard and sat down in a chair. He stated that he was attacked by about 10 men who kicked and punched him. Rodger was hurt on his arms, elbows, hands, face, and left ankle. He told police he did not know why he was attacked or called names. He also said he did not call the police because he did not know who to call. A deputy noted that Rodger was too "timid" and "shy" to say what really happened. A witness said a man like Rodger began the fight by trying to push two women off a ledge. They didn't fall, but Rodger tried to push two more before he jumped off the ledge and ran. The witness noted Rodger was alone, acted oddly, and wasn't talking to anyone at the party. After arriving at his apartment, a neighbor observed Rodger returning home in tears, swearing to kill those who attacked him and contemplated suicide. Rodger disclosed in his manifesto that this event was the decisive moment that propelled him to finalize his plans for the attack. The sheriff's office concluded Rodger had started the fight, and the investigation was closed without further action. They did not arrest Rodger or interrogate him further. 

On January 15, 2014, Rodger had a fight with Hong after accusing him of stealing three candles worth $22. Rodger placed Hong under a citizen's arrest. When police arrived Hong explained he thought Rodger stole his items, including a rice bowl. Rodger denied the claims. Refusing to return the candles, Hong was arrested and later faced a petty theft charge, for which he was fined and released. Following Hong's murder, the District Attorney, Joyce E. Dudley, filed a motion to dismiss the theft charge, which was subsequently granted. On April 30, 2014, Rodger's mother, worried because she hadn't heard from her son in four days and alarmed by the videos he had posted online, reached out to his therapist. The therapist then contacted a mental health professional, who requested a welfare check on Rodger. Responding to the request, four sheriff's deputies, a university police officer, and a dispatcher in training visited Rodger's apartment. Rodger explained that the videos were his way of expressing his social difficulties in Isla Vista. The officers concluded that Rodger did not pose an immediate risk to himself or others, making him ineligible for involuntary hold. Before they left, a deputy called Rodger's mother to update her and handed the phone to Rodger, who reassured her he was alright and would call her later. The deputies also provided Rodger with information on local support services. In his manifesto, Rodger mentioned that the visit from the deputies forced him to remove most of his videos from YouTube in case of being caught. However, in the week leading up to the attacks, he re-posted them.

The attacks reignited debates over gun control and the need for enhancements in the healthcare system in the United States. Sheriff Bill Brown of Santa Barbara County blamed Rodger's actions and the subsequent attacks to shortcomings in the mental health treatment system. He pointed out a widespread shortfall in resources for community mental health care and criticized the inadequate communication from healthcare professionals regarding individuals who exhibit suicidal or homicidal thoughts. Several legislators in California demanded an investigation of the interaction between deputies and Rodger on April 30, during which records in the California gun ownership database already showed Rodger's purchase of at least two handguns. The deputies did not consult this database, nor did they examine the YouTube videos that led Rodger's parents to reach out to them. Subsequently, the Sheriff's Office concluded that the responding deputies followed all rules and conducted themselves professionally, in alignment with both state law and departmental guidelines. Despite California being one of the most strict states in the United States with gun laws, Rodger, who depsite having undergone several years of psychiatric treatment, passed all necessary background checks. Because he had neither been institutionalized for mental health issues nor possessed a criminal history, he was able to purchase all three firearms. In California, at the time, undergoing mental health treatment did not disqualify people for applying for firearms. Furthermore, even when Rodger's parents alerted the police to his threats on YouTube, the absence of an immediate threat meant the police lacked the authority to search his apartment, search the gun registry, or confiscate any firearms without a warrant based on probable cause. 

Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal from Connecticut advocated for the reinstatement of gun-control measures previously declined by Congress following the 2012 Sandy Hook school shooting, suggesting such legislation might have prevented the shooting spree. Blumenthal emphasized the necessity to refocus gun-control initiatives around mental health issues, highlighting the urgent need for enhanced resources to support individuals with mental illnesses. In his address, Michaels-Martinez's father attributed the attacks to the "craven, irresponsible" actions of politicians and the National Rifle Association (NRA), accusing the NRA of prioritizing gun rights above public safety. Subsequently, Martinez said he wanted members of Congress to stop calling him to offer condolences for his son's death and appealed to the public to unite with him in "demanding immediate action" on gun control from Congress members. Additionally, he extended his sympathies towards the parents of Rodger. Timothy F. Murphy, a Pennsylvania Representative and clinical psychologist, presented his bipartisan mental health reform as a solution and called on Congress to enact it. Santa Barbara Assemblymembers Das Williams and Nancy Skinner introduced legislation that would allow law enforcement, close relatives, or housemates to request a court order for the confiscation of firearms from individuals deemed a serious risk to themselves or others. Concurrently, State Senator Hannah-Beth Jackson proposed a bill enforcing officers consult a state firearms registry during assessments of potential threats to personal or public safety. Jackson's bill received unanimous Senate approval in August 2014. While Williams and Skinner's bill successfully passed through both legislative chambers, it faced opposition from the National Rifle Association and other groups advocating for Second Amendment rights, who launched statewide robo-call campaigns against it. Williams highlighted the external origin of the calls and maintained that the legislation received significant bipartisan support. Governor Jerry Brown ultimately signed both bills into law in September 2014. 

In March 2015, Hong, Wang, and Chen's parents filed a civil rights lawsuit against Santa Barbara County, the Sheriff's department, Capri Apartments, and the property management company claiming negligence and breaches of the victims' constitutional right to due process. They claimed that since Rodger moved into the Capri Apartments in 2011, he insulted and fought with a lot of his roommates and displayed odd behavior, but the apartment owners failed to conduct reasonable background checks before assigning Hong and Wang as his roommates and failed to warn them that Rodger had had serious conflicts with his previous roommates. They also contended that the county and its Sheriff's Department violated their rights to due process by ignoring repeated "red flags" that Rodger was violent and unstable, even after a mental health worker saw YouTube videos that Rodger had posted and contacted authorities to say that Rodger appeared to be a danger to himself and others. 

U.S. District Judge John Walter removed Santa Barbara County and the Sheriff's department from the lawsuit on October 28, 2015, determining that the county had not infringed upon their constitutional rights under federal law and that the Sheriff's department did not act neglectfully, nor did their procedures or guidelines contribute to the harm they suffered. The judge concluded that the victim's parents failed to sufficiently demonstrate a violation of their due process rights, and although the judge dismissed the state-law claims within the lawsuit, he allowed for the claims to be re-submitted. The victim's parents proceeded to file their claims again on November 20, 2015. Capri Apartments and and the property management company sought to have the lawsuit dismissed, but their motion was denied in February 2017. By May 2017, a trial date was scheduled for September 15 of the same year. The lawsuit was later settled nearly a week and a half before the trial was to start. Despite the property management company's denial of a settlement, Patrick McNicholas, an attorney for the victim's parents, claimed a settlement of $20 million was reached.

In June 2015, the cyclist who was struck by Rodger's vehicle and subsequently handcuffed filed a civil lawsuit against Santa Barbara County, Rodger's parents, and the University of California Santa Barbara, citing negligence, false imprisonment, and civil rights infringements. The lawsuit contended that both campus police and the Santa Barbara Sheriff's Department did not adequately investigate Rodger despite his release of several YouTube videos indicating his potential threat to others. Additionally, it was argued that Rodger's parents were negligent in allowing their mentally unstable son access to a BMW.

Church Bells (song)

"Church Bells" is a 2016 song by country artist Carrie Underwood and is the third single from her fifth studio album "Storyteller". It went to number 43 in the United States and number 64 in Canada. It also went to number 2 on both the country charts in the United States and Canada. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2017.


The Spirit of Radio

"The Spirit of Radio" is a 1980 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It is the leading single from their seventh studio album "Permanent Waves" and went to number 51 in the United States, number 13 in the United Kingdom and number 22 in Canada. It has became one of their best known singles and was a concert staple.

Bad Bramstedt

Bad Bramstedt (known before as Bramstedt) is a town in the Segeberg district. Around 15.000 people live here.

Norderstedt

Norderstedt is the largest city in the Segeberg district. It is the fourth-largest city in Schleswig-Holstein. It is also known for being very close to Hamburg, the second-largest city in Germany. The city was created in 1970 with the unification of smaller towns. The most known person from Norderstedt is Uwe Seeler, a footballer.

Norderstedt was formed with the unification of the towns Friedrichsgabe, Garstedt, Glashütte and Harksheide on 1 January 1970.

Hamburg's train line U1 has multiple stations in the city. Norderstedt Mitte, Richtweg and Garstedt. Norderstedt also has its own train line, the Alster Northern Railway. It stops at the stations Norderstedt Mitte, Moorbekhalle, Friedrichsgabe, Quickborner Straße, Haslohfurth,Meeschensee and Ulzburg Süd. Ulzburg Süd is not in Norderstedt, but still is part of the line.

The Bundesautobahn 7 also goes through the city.

Natural (music)

In Western musical notation, musical notes are are written as dots on a staff or stave.

By default, the notes written are the "natural" notes - the white keys on a piano. Notes that are not "natural" are sometimes called "accidental[s]".

The key signature tells the players (I include singers etc here) which notes are to be played as sharp of flat (usually the black keys on a piano). If the composer wishes players to play the note differently - as a sharp, flat, or natural note (or indeed, double or triple sharp or flat), symbols are used before the note to indicate this. 

If the notes are preceded by a sharp symbol (♯), it means they should be played a semitone higher. This continues until the end of the bar or a change to the key signature.

If the notes are preceded by a flat symbol (♭), it means they should be played a semitone higher. This continues until the end of the bar or a change to the key signature.

If the note would be played as an accidental, a natural symbol (♮) may be used to indicate that it should be played as a natural note. The Unicode character MUSIC NATURAL SIGN '♮' (U+266E) should display as a natural sign. Its HTML entity is &#9838; . Again, this continues until the end of the bar or a change to the key signature. 


Hamburg U-Bahn

The Hamburg U-Bahn is the Subway system of Hamburg. It has 4 lines, 2 train types and 93 stations. It exists since 1912. 



Philippe Jamet

Philippe Jamet (born 12 May 1961) is a French manager and President of universities. He is the current Director of the technological department of the IONIS Education Group, the first group in France for private higher education.

Jamet graduated from "École nationale supérieure des mines de Paris". He also graduated from Pierre and Marie Curie University with a Doctor of Philosophy degree. He has a career in hydrology.
In 1987, he moved to higher education by joining "Mines Paris - PSL" as Professor-Researcher.
Then, he became CEO of "École nationale supérieure des mines de Saint-Étienne" in 2008 before joining IONIS Education Group in 2024.

Winged hussars

The Polish hussars or Winged hussar's were the horse mounted soldiers in the Polish army used from the 16th to 18th centuries. The hussars started as Serbian mercenaries. Winged hussars were famous for their ability to win when outnumbered. In the 17th century they were useful against any enemy they were put against. Most of them came from noble families. Service in the winged hussars was voluntary. The early success they had made the morale (will to fight) of the winged hussars very high. They were seen in Poland as having protection from the heavens.

Training at an early age. They, along with the horses they rode, went through large amounts of training. Winged hussars were well off nobles (rich mostly because of how valuable horses were. An example of this is that the punishment for selling a horse to another country in Poland was death. Hussars were put into formations (groups) of around 300.

When winged hussars were in battle they would initially charge at a distance from each other. This made them harder to hit with guns and other ranged weapons. Being spaced out also made it easily to cancel the charge. They had very long lances - around 6 metres, much longer than the pikes used by infantry. They also used sabres. When they were about to hit the enemy army the hussars would close in next to each other.They closed in very tightly with the gap between one shoulder to the next described as being no more than the horses width. This made sure there was no gaps in the charge that the enemy could use. While close together in tight formation however they were easier to hit with guns. For this reason they would save closing in together for last. After they broke through the enemy's lines they would turn around for another charge if needed. This way of attacking was useful against any enemy the winged hussars would face up to the 18th century.

Winged hussars declined in the 18th century when guns became more accurate and powerful. Hussars also began to lose their will to fight when Poland fought on both sides of the Great Northern War.

Masahiro Mori

Masahiro Mori is a Japanese engineer who builds a lot of robots. He and his students built Honda’s robot called Asimo.

Masahiro Mori, based on Freud’s ideas about The Uncanny came up with the idea of The Uncanny Valley which is that the more robots look like people, the more the small differences will make them look creepy. 

In 1974, Mori wrote a book about why he believed it was possible for robots to become Buddhas. 
Uncanny valley

The Uncanny Valley is a theory that Masahiro Mori had about robots and the Uncanny. The theory is that when robots start looking more human, people start to like them better until they look almost completely human and become scary but that they can eventually get to the point where people can’t tell they aren’t human and then people go back to liking them better.

Watermelon Sugar

"Watermelon Sugar" is a 2020 song by Harry Styles. It is from his second studio album "Fine Line" (2019) and was inspired by the American novel "In Watermelon Sugar" (1968) by Richard Brautigan. The song was later released on 18 May 2020 as the album's fourth single. It peaked at number 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and went to the top 10 single charts in many countries around the world, including Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. It won a Grammy Award in 2021.

The music video was released on 18 May 2020. It was directed by Bradley & Pablo and filmed in Malibu, California. It features Styles dances on a beach, together with models.


Massimo De Ambrosis

Massimo De Ambrosis (born 1964 in Milan) is an italian voice actor known for TV roles and Leorio in Hunter × Hunter.
His father Luciano De Ambrosis is an actor and voice actor as well.

DJ Many

DJ Many, (born August 6th, 1993), is a DJ and musician from St. Croix, Virgin Islands. He became famous for his collaboration on the song "I Can Tobuscus]] and rock band TeraBrite.

DJ Many began his music career around 2010 by collaborating with , introducing dancehall music to YouTube. His first upload featured a Delly Ranx riddim.

In 2012, he teamed up with Sleepy Brown for the song "We Run The Night."

A significant moment in DJ Many's career came in 2016 when he collaborated with Donny Osmond on the track "Know." He reached out to Osmond via Twitter to propose the collaboration, which Osmond agreed to.

However, DJ Many's breakthrough came in 2023 with the release of "I Can Swing My Sword!" in collaboration with YouTuber Tobuscus and rock band TeraBrite. Originally shared on YouTube, the song gained millions of views and later earned RIAA Gold Certification for selling 500,000 units in the US.


Bonndorf im Schwarzwald

Bonndorf im Schwarzwald is a town in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Dachsberg

Dachsberg is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Dettighofen

Dettighofen is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the border with the Swiss cantons of Schaffhausen and Zurich.

Eggingen

Eggingen is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Görwihl

Görwihl is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Verdalle

Verdalle is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Verdier

Le Verdier is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Viane

Viane is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Vielmur-sur-Agout

Vielmur-sur-Agout is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Half-Life 2: Lost Coast

Half-Life 2: Lost Coast is a free bonus level that was cut from Half-Life 2. Because of this, it is considered non-canon. It is also very short, taking only about 15 minutes to complete.

Gordon Freeman wakes up on a beach. He meets an old fisherman, who says the evil Combine are shelling the nearby village of St. Olga from a church on a hill they’ve taken over. Gordon must climb the sheer cliff up to the church while avoiding Combine soldiers. When he gets to the church, he jams the gun and stops the shelling. The Combine then send in an assault on the church, after which Gordon must fight a boss in the form of a Combine helicopter. After shooting down the helicopter with a rocket launcher, he takes a makeshift elevator back down to the fisherman, who plans to celebrate with a “feast” of leeches. Before he can do so, it is implied that Gordon is teleported away to an unknown destination, ending the game.

STS-87

STS-87 was a Space Shuttle mission launched from Launch Complex 39B of the Kennedy Space Center on 19 November 1997. It was the 88th flight of the Space Shuttle and the 24th flight of Columbia. The mission goals were to conduct experiments using the United States Microgravity Payload (USMP-4), conduct two Extravehicular activities, and deploy the SPARTAN-201 experiment. This mission marked the first time an EVA was performed from Columbia. An EVA from Columbia was originally planned for STS-5 in 1982 but was cancelled due to spacesuit problems. It also marked the first EVA conducted by a Japanese astronaut, Takao Doi.

Vieux, Tarn

Vieux is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Vindrac-Alayrac

Vindrac-Alayrac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Le Vintrou

Le Vintrou is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Viterbe, Tarn

Viterbe is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Viviers-lès-Lavaur

Viviers-lès-Lavaur is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Viviers-lès-Montagnes

Viviers-lès-Montagnes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy

Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy (; – 23 February 1945) was a Russian writer. Today, Tolstoy is mostly known for his books of fiction. He wrote many books set in historical times. He also wrote what is called science fiction today. In the 1920s he wrote about a trip to Mars. This story was later used for a movie. he also wrote children's books. He translated and adapted the well-known story of Pinocchio into Russian.

Grafenhausen

Grafenhausen is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Häusern

Häusern is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

William Brand (architect)

Wilhelmus Johannes Maria (William) Brand (b. September 28, 1963) is a Dutch architect and artist. He graduated from the Utrecht School of Arts in The Netherlands.

In 1989, Brand founded together with Annet van Egmond the atelier "Brand van Egmond", creating lighting. The first light sculpture was the "Chandelier" made out of rusted steel and broken glass. In 1996, The Hollywood Collection was created and lit the Green Room of the Academy Awards. His work is commissioned to create lighting around the world, as in Beirut.

William is commissioned to create lighting installations for both residential as well as hospitality interiors. William's Brand van Egmond was selected by The Jeweller Chopard to create the lighting for their boutiques.

William's work has been exhibited in the museum Istanbul Modern, as part of the exhibition ""Day, Light, Night"."

In 2016, his work show at TEFAF.

Gilaki language

Gilaki (; ) is an Iranian language spoken in south of the Caspian Sea by the Gilak people. Gilaki language is closely related to Mazandarani. Both languages have similar vocabularies and share some features with Caucasian languages.

Herrischried

Herrischried is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Höchenschwand

Höchenschwand is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Ibach, Germany

Ibach is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Bowman Gray Stadium

Bowman Gray Stadium is a NASCAR track in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. The Winston-Salem State University Rams football team also plays there, in a stadium in the middle of the track.
The stadium was built in 1937, as part of a project to give workers jobs during the Great Depression. The stadium's first event, held in 1938, was a football game between Wake Forest College and Duke University.

ARCA Menards Series

The ARCA Menards Series is an American stock car racing series.

Menards

Menards is an American retail store chain based in Eau Clair, Wisconsin.

University of Antwerp

The University of Antwerp () is a university in Antwerp, Belgium. The university has about 20,000 students. It was founded in 2003.

University of Liège

The University of Liège () is a university in Liège, Belgium. The university was founded in 1817 by William I of the Netherlands. It has about 25,000 students.

Student loan

A student loan is money given to students to pay for their education. The student must return this money later, usually with interest. This loan may pay for tuition fees, books, supplies, or living expenses.

In some countries, college or university education is free, but in others, the price is very high. This means student loans are much more important in some countries than others.

If a student cannot pay for their education, they may also apply to get a scholarship.

Student loans may be given by state-owned or private companies. State-owned companies will sometimes pay all interest while the student is in school. This is called a subsidized loan.

The simplest type of loan is time based repayment, meaning a person must pay the same amount of money each month. Another type is income contingent loans, in which the amount of money to be paid depends on the person's income. This helps the recipient if they have no job, or their job doesn't pay enough.

Student debt is the money owed from student loans.

Polypedates discantus

The Malayan slender tree frog or Malayan whipping frog ("Polypedates mutus") is a frog. It lives in Thailand and Malaysia. People have seen it between 61 and 206 meters above sea level.

Scientists are not sure how this frog lives, but they have seen it in grass that grows close together near ponds that dry up for part of the year. They also saw the frogs on plants over the water. The scientists think the female frog lays eggs on these plants, and the tadpoles fall into the water.

The adult frog's skin is not grown into its skull. The adult male frog makes four different sounds.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place, but they believe people cutting down its forests to grow palm oil plants may harm it.

People would sometimes sell this frog as pets or for people to eat. But because scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Polypedates leucomystax", they are not sure whether the frogs sold were "P. leucomystax" or "P. discantus".

Mickey Mouse universe

The Mickey Mouse universe is a made up universe which houses a lot of stories that involve Disney characters from their many cartoons. The main characters featured in their cartoons include which is the setting for stories involving Disney cartoon characters Mickey and Minnie Mouse, Donald and Daisy Duck, Pluto the pup and Goofy.

Mortimer is not a friend of Mickey Mouse. He was developed in the 1930’s.
Mortimer Mouse always says a certain phrase, which is “Ha Cha Cha".

World Bowls Championships

The World Bowls Championship is the most important world bowls competition between national bowls organisations.

The World Outdoor Bowls Championships were First held in Australia in 1966. They happen every four years. From 2008 the men's and women's events were held together. Qualifying national bowls organisations (usually countries) send a team of five players. They play once as a single and a four, then again as a pair and a triple. Gold, silver, and bronze medals are awarded and there is also a trophy for the best overall team — the Leonard Trophy for men and the Taylor Trophy for women. Northern Ireland & the Republic of Ireland compete as one combined Irish team.

World Indoor Bowls Championships

The World Indoor Bowls Championship is an international bowls competition held every year at Potters Resorts in Hopton on Sea. The competition was first held in 1979 in Coatbridge, Scotland as a men's singles only event. The first event was sponsored by Embassy Cigarettes. 

Republic of Yucatán

The Republic of Yucatán was a sovereign state during two periods of the nineteenth century. They joined the Mexican federation as the Federated Republic of Yucatán on December 23, 1823, less than seven months later. The second Republic of Yucatán began in 1841, with its declaration of independence from the Centralist Republic of Mexico after that they joined Mexico. The area of the former republic includes the modern Mexican states of Yucatán, Campeche and Quintana Roo. It ended in 1848.
List of Presidents of the Republic of Yucatán

This is a list of every officeholders of the Republic of Yucatán

Francisco Antonio Tarrazo April 23, 1824-1825 (interim) 

Santiago Méndez August 22, 1840-June 2, 1844 

José Tiburcio López Constante June 2, 1844 – January 1, 1846

Domingo Barret January 21, 1847 – October 3, 1847

Miguel Barbachano y Tarrazo October 3, 1847-July 14, 1848

Hector (cloud)

Hector is a cluster of thunderstorms that forms every afternoon on the Tiwi Islands in Australia from September to March every year. The storms may reach up to . Hector is caused by sea breezes that collide against each other across the island, making many thunderstorms.
Hector was known for forming in the same area, which made it useful for pilots in World War II for navigation. 

Sukhoi T-4

The Sukhoi T-4 "Sotka" was a Soviet project to create a reconnaissance, anti-ship and bomber aircraft. Two prototypes were finished, and two more started. before the project was cancelled.

List of airports in North Macedonia

This is a list of airports in North Macedonia, grouped by type and sorted by location.

Airport names shown in bold indicate the facility has scheduled passenger service on commercial airlines.



Youth in Nigeria

Youth in Nigeria includes citizens of the Federal Republic of Nigeria aged 18-29 years, or more once considered by Muhammadu Buhari as "the driving force" behind the nation's socio-economic development.
Individuals in Nigeria can legally work when they are 18 years old. Data on youth employment in Nigeria are scarce due to under resourced agencies responsible for their collection. In 2012, 11.1 million youths in Nigeria were believed to be unemployed. In 2021, 23.2 million youths in Nigeria were believed to be unemployed.

In a recent report by the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS), it was revealed that as at March 2021, Nigeria unemployment rate had increased to 33.3% making it the second highest on the global list of unemployed countries.
Following a recession in Nigeria in 2016, Nigerian youths were advised in an interview conducted by Isaiah Ogedegbe "to be hardworking. The time has come for all Nigerian youths to remove their hands from crime and be diligent in business",

Taskmaster (character)

Taskmaster, better known as Anthony "Tony" Masters, is an antagonist in Marvel Comics. Created by writer David Michelinie and artist George Pérez, the character made his debut in "The Avengers" #195 (May 1980). He is a character who possesses the power to copy any fighting style or move that he observes. He is an extremely skilled mercenary, capable with virtually any weapon known to man. He most often carries a sword, shield, and bow and arrows, but also carries knives, guns, and many other weapons.

After he masters a fighting style, he sells it, teaching it to anyone for the right price. He most often gets his "merchandise" by watching videos of combatants, and copies them photogenically. He cannot, however, perform skills that require superhuman abilities, such as lifting a car or firing energy blasts. If he watches a fighting video in fast-motion, he can copy it at the same speed, granting him semi-superspeed in that instance.

Taskmaster serves as the archenemy of Ant-Man (Scott Lang) and a frequent opponent of Captain America, Black Widow, Spider-Man, and Deadpool, the latter of whom is the only person whose fighting maneuvers Taskmaster cannot replicate, due to his unpredictability.

The character has been adapted from the comics into various forms of media, including several animated television series and video games. A female version of Taskmaster named Antonia Dreykov appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Black Widow" (2021), portrayed by Olga Kurylenko. Kurylenko will reprise the role in the upcoming movie "Thunderbolts" (2025).

Half-Life 2: Episode One

Half-Life 2: Episode 1 is a 2006 first-person shooter game by Valve. It is the sequel to Half-Life 2. It is followed by "".

The game starts where Half-Life 2 ended, with the top of the Citadel in City 17 exploding. The Citadel was the headquarters of the evil Combine who rule Earth. The mysterious G-Man freezes time to rescue player character Gordon Freeman and his friend Alyx Vance. However the friendly Vortigaunt aliens are actually the ones to save them, which seems to annoy the G-Man for some unexplained reason.

Gordon wakes up in the rubble outside the Citadel and is rescued by Dog, Alyx’s robot protector. They contact their friends, Alyx’s father Eli and Dr. Kleiner. Kliener figures out that the Citadel reactor is going to explode and Gordon and Alyx need to slow the reaction so the people in City 17 have time to escape. They make their way back into the damaged Citadel to do this, then escape on an underground train. The train crashes and Gordon and Alyx are forced to find their way through a dark, zombie- filled tunnel network to reach the surface. Once there, they must escape through the ruins of City 17 by avoiding Combine troops and zombies. They reach a train station where they evacuate numerous refugees while fending off Combine attacks, and finally must fight a giant living weapon called a strider in the last boss fight. Gordon and Alyx board the last train out of the city just before the Citadel completely explodes. The blast hits their train and the game ends on a .

Blackout (Lilin)

Blackout is a demonic supervillain from the Marvel Comics. The character was created by Howard Mackie and Javier Saltares, and first appeared in "Ghost Rider" vol. 3 #2 (June 1990). He is a Lilian, a race of demon that are the spawns of the Mother of Demons, Lilith. He is an enemy of the Ghost Rider, notably Johnny Blaze and Danny Ketch.

A character named after Blackout is portrayed by Johnny Whitworth in the 2012 movie "".

Anya Corazon

Aña "Anya" Sofía Corazón is a fictional superheroine created by Marvel Comics, she made her first appearance on "Amazing Fantasy #1" (August 2004) and later makes many debuts on many other Marvel comic books (including the Spider-Man comics). She was created by Fiona Avery, Jaime Mendoza, Victor Olazaba and Mark Brooks.

She is the Latina daughter of a Puerto Rican father and a Mexican mother. Anya Corazón was known as the first Araña and then as the third Spider-Girl.

Anya Corazon / Spider-Girl made her cinematic debut in "" (2023), and is played by Isabela Merced in the Sony's Spider-Man Universe (SSU) movie "Madame Web" (2024).

Silk (character)

Silk (real name Cindy Moon) is a fictional character and superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, appearing as a supporting character in the "Spider-Man" comics, and the main protagonist in her titular comics.

A genius with an eidetic memory, Cindy was bitten by the same spider that bit Peter Parker, and was trained by Ezekiel Sims. She was trapped in a bunker by Sims when Morlun came, and was later released by Peter thirteen years later after he became the superhero Spider-Man. Cindy then became a vigilante, wanting to stop threats and find her missing family. She is also a member of the Champions, Order of the Web, and Agents of Atlas.

She was created by Dan Slott and Humberto Ramos, and first appeared in "Amazing Spider-Man Vol 3 #1" in June of 2014.

She is portrayed by Tiffany Espensen in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movies "" (2017), "" (2018) and the extended cut of "" (2021). The character will also appear in the television series "" produced by Sony Pictures Television for MGM+ and Amazon Prime Video, set in Sony's Spider-Man Universe (SSU), and the spin-off movie "Spider-Women", set in the animated "Spider-Verse" franchise, focusing on three generations of female Spider-related characters.

Spider-Man Noir

Spider-Man Noir, also known as The Spider-Man (real name Peter Parker) is a fictional character and superhero that appears in Marvel Comics.

This alternate version of Spider-Man is a darker take on Spider-Man and the mythos is set in 1933 – during the Great Depression and is a part of the Marvel Noir universe. After the death of his uncle, Peter resolved to seek justice and decided to use his newfound abilities to fight against crime. Unlike the mainstream version of Peter Parker, this character uses a gun and does stick to walls but prefers to use parkour. Additionally, this iteration of the character has been a member of the Spider-Army where he met all of his mainstream counterpart, alongside their alternate counterparts.

He was created by David Hine, Fabrice Sapolsky, and Carmine Di Giandomenico, and first appeared in "Spider-Man Noir #1" in December of 2008.

Since his inception, the character has appeared in numerous media including the video game "", as one of the main playable characters, and supporting character in "Ultimate Spider-Man" and "".

Half-Life 2: Episode Two

Half-Life 2: Episode 2 is a 2007 first-person shooter game by Valve. It is the sequel to "".

The game opens right after Half-Life 2: Episode 1, with the train that Gordon Freeman and Alyx Vance were riding on having crashed in the wilderness outside City 17, which blew up in the last game. Alyx tells Gordon that they need to find a resistance base called White Forest. While going there, Alyx is attacked and badly hurt by a new type of enemy called a hunter. A friendly alien called a Vortigaunt arrives and helps Gordon take Alyx to safety. The other Vortigaunts figure out that they need something called “larval extract” made by aliens called antlions. Gordon follows a Vortigaunt into an old mine to find the extract, fighting antlions and zombies. They find the extract, avoiding a huge antlion that’s guarding it. Then they go back to Alyx. While Alyx is being healed, Gordon is spoken to psychically by the mysterious G-Man, who reveals he saved Alyx during the Black Mesa Incident. The G-Man then tells Alyx (still unconscious) to tell her father Eli to “prepare for unforeseen consequences”.

Gordon and Alyx find a stripped-down old muscle car and make their way to White Forest. On the way they fight off hunters and find a mysterious type of Combine alien called an advisor. Their car breaks down but is fixed by a group of resistance fighters. After this, they continue driving but are ambushed by the evil Combine faction at an inn. They survive and meet up with Alyx’s robot friend Dog, who fights off a huge Combine monster called a strider. They arrive at White Forest, where Alyx gives Eli the message told to her by the G-Man. Eli is shocked. When Eli and Gordon are alone, Eli tells Gordon that he too knows about the G-Man. They also find out about a ship made by Aperture Science called the "Borealis", which Eli thinks is very dangerous for some reason.

Suddenly, the base is attacked by the Combine. Gordon and the resistance defend it in a long battle. Alyx and Gordon are about to use a helicopter to go to the Borealis, but the hangar is attacked by Combine advisors. Eli tries to fend them off, but is caught by one. He tells Gordon to destroy the Borealis before being killed by the advisor. Much like the last one, the game ends on a , with Alyx mourning the death of her father.

Like most of the Half-Life series, game received very good reviews. It has a score of 90 out of 100 on Metacritic.

Changaiz Ahmed Khan Kakar

Changez Ahmed Khan Kakar is a Pakistan Politician who is a Member of the National Assembly. He succeed Chuadhary Abid Sher Ali in 2024 general elections.

Université libre de Bruxelles

The Université libre de Bruxelles (; abbreviated ULB) is a French-speaking university in Brussels, Belgium. The university was founded in 1970 as a split from the Free University of Brussels, which was founded in 1834 by the lawyer and liberal politician Pierre-Théodore Verhaegen. It has about 30,000 students.


Psychodynamic psychology

Psychodynamic psychology is a branch of psychology that helps us understand how our minds work and how our thoughts and feelings can shape our behavior. It explores the hidden and sometimes unconscious aspects of our minds to uncover the reasons behind our actions and emotions.

Psychodynamic psychology believes that a big part of our mind is like an iceberg – much of it lies beneath the surface, hidden from our awareness. This hidden part is called the unconscious mind. It contains thoughts and feelings that we might not be aware of, but they still influence how we behave.

One of the most famous figures in psychodynamic psychology is Sigmund Freud. He came up with many ideas that help us understand our minds better. Freud believed that our early childhood experiences shape our personalities and how we interact with the world.

Freud also introduced the idea of the mind being divided into three parts – the Id, Ego, and Superego. The Id is like our basic instincts, the Ego helps us make decisions, and the Superego is like our moral compass.

Psychodynamic psychologists often analyze dreams to learn more about the unconscious mind. Dreams can be like a window into our thoughts and feelings that we might not be aware of when we're awake.

Psychodynamic psychology talks about defense mechanisms – ways our minds protect us from things that might be too difficult to handle. Examples include denial (refusing to accept the truth) and repression (pushing uncomfortable thoughts into the unconscious).

Psychodynamic psychology is not just about understanding our minds; it's also about helping people. Psychologists use these ideas to help individuals explore and understand their 
emotions, thoughts, and behaviors. This self-awareness can lead to positive changes in how we approach challenges and relate to others.

In a nutshell, psychodynamic psychology helps us dive deep into the mysteries of our minds. By exploring the unconscious and understanding how our early experiences shape us, we can gain insights that contribute to personal growth and a better understanding of ourselves and those around us.

1940-41 Austrian football championship

The 1939-40 Austrian football championship (Gauliga Ostmark also Fußball-Sportbereichsklasse Ostmark 1940/41) was the third season of the Gauliga Ostmark in annexed Austria. 
Rapid Wien became champions of the Gauliga for the second time in a row and Austrian champions for the 14th time.

With this victory, Rapid qualified for the 1940/41 German football championship. They made it into the final. On 22 June 1941 in front of almost 100,000 spectators in the Olympic Stadium in Berlin they played against FC Schalke 04. They won 4-3 and were German champion.

The two bottom-placed teams from the Gauliga were Grazer SC (Styria) and Linzer ASK (Upper Donau). They were relegated. Promotion and relegation, which had been suspended in 1939, was reintroduced for 1940/41. After the end of the war, each club was put into the league that it held in August 1939 - before the start of the war.
The games were often scheduled arbitrarily and so are most of the discrepancies between rounds and game date were clear. The home advantage was not important. Only Rapid and Wacker played on their home pitches. Most of the matches took place as part of double events.

Clyde Bruckman

Clyde Adolf Bruckman (June 30, 1894January 4, 1955) was an American writer and director of comedy films during the silent era as well as the early sound era of cinema. Bruckman worked with comedians like Buster Keaton, Monty Banks, W. C. Fields, Laurel and Hardy, The Three Stooges, Abbott and Costello, and Harold Lloyd.

Hollywood writer Kenneth Anger thinks of Bruckman to have been one of the most important figures in the history of American screen comedy.

Clyde Adolf Bruckman was born on June 30, 1894, in San Bernardino, California. In 1911, Bruckman's father Rudolph was in a car accident that left him with headaches and brain damage. Rudolph killed himself in 1912.

Bruckman was a writer for the sports pages of the "San Bernardino Sun" in the spring of 1912. In 1914, he moved to Los Angeles and got a job as a writer for the "Los Angeles Times". He later worked for the Los Angeles Examiner and the Saturday Evening Post.

On July 29, 1916, Bruckman married Lola Margaret Hamblin.

Bruckman first worked in film in 1919, where he wrote title cards for Universal Pictures. In 1921, he moved to Warner Brothers and began writing jokes for Buster Keaton.

Bruckman (pronounced "Brook-man") was best known for his work with Keaton, as Bruckman co-wrote some of Keaton's most popular films, such as "Our Hospitality", "Sherlock Jr.", "The Navigator", "Seven Chances", "The Cameraman", and "The General", which Bruckman also co-directed.

Bruckman was the director for four Laurel and Hardy comedies in the early stages of their work together at the Hal Roach Studios in 1927–1928. The most popular one was "The Battle of the Century" with its custard pie fight. During this period he also wrote for Harold Lloyd and Monty Banks.

Bruckman kept directing comedies during the sound era, his most famous comedy being "The Fatal Glass of Beer", W. C. Fields' satire of Yukon melodramas. He was addicted to alcohol, which was a problem for directing his movies. After 1934, Bruckman would be only allowed to write scripts.

Bruckman's experience of silent-comedy got him hired at Columbia Pictures' short-subject workforce (Bruckman was very important Columbia hiring Keaton). Bruckman continued to write new jokes for The Three Stooges and other comics. After some time, he re-used gags from Keaton and other creators. After he had took some gags, Lloyd sued Columbia and won. "Never mind that Bruckman had co-written and co-directed "Movie Crazy", giving him a good claim to his work, or that Bruckman and Lloyd may have got their ideas from a vaudeville act in the first place", wrote Ethan Gates in "The New Republic", reviewing Matthew Dessem's 2015 biography of Bruckman, "The Gag Man".

Bruckman was hired by Universal Pictures to write comedy scenes for the studio's "B" musical shows. This was a big job that paid better than short works. He continued re-using gags but on a larger scale. He inserted the tuxedo routine into Universal's "B" musical-comedy feature "Her Lucky Night". Bruckman adapted material from Lloyd's "Welcome Danger" into Universal's Joan Davis–Leon Errol comedy "She Gets Her Man", and again took jokes "Movie Crazy" for Universal's "B" comedy "So's Your Uncle". Lloyd was very angry by several things being taken from his movies, and sued for US$1,700,000; the court ruled for Lloyd but granted damages of $40,000. After this Bruckman was fired and never made a film again.


Rodat

Rodat (Jawi: رودات) is a traditional dance from Indonesia and Malaysia that probably came from the Middle East. Traders from Aceh brought it to Southeast Asia in the early 1800s. Rodat is performed by both men and women. It became popular at events like harvest festivals, Mawlid, and the Sultan's birthday. The dance's name comes from ""hadrat Baghdad"", which means songs that praise Allah and Prophet Muhammad.

During a Rodat performance, singers say 8 to 12 verses from the "Kitab Zikir", a book filled with advice and life lessons. Male and female chorus groups take turns singing, accompanied by the rhythm of the Rebana drum. Usually, there are 20 to 26 performers, including 12 male dancers, eight drummers, and four to six female dancers. The dance involves sitting, kneeling, squatting, and standing movements.

During the Rodat dance, people wear traditional Malay clothes in many colors. They put on black velvet hats called Songkoks. Near the stage are four children; two of them dressed as princesses and two as Princes, all wearing cotton stockings. The rest of the audience sits on the ground.

The conductor tells the orchestra to start, and the audience becomes quiet. Dancers, with one knee on the ground, start moving their hands in time with the music. The orchestra plays a slow, rhythmic tune while the dancers say verses without moving much. As the music goes on, the dancers begin to sway and move their hands more. After a few verses, they stand up and go towards the orchestra, making an impressive sight under the stage lights.

As the orchestra plays, the dancers sway gracefully and move their feet to the rhythm. They bend their arms smoothly, moving gently from side to side. Throughout their performance, they move with smoothness, showing their skill and finesse.

In the Rodat dance, dancers move their arms and feet slowly. Each verse is sung slowly, different from the fast and lively chorus. Drummers focus on playing energetic rhythms. One part of the dance can last for up to fifteen minutes.

After a break, the orchestra starts a new tune, and the chorus leader sings a romantic song. Four children enter with bells around their ankles and dance gracefully while the chorus sings along, swaying gently.

When the song ends, the child dancers go back to their seats. Then, the orchestra begins a Islamic religious chant, and the dancers perform graceful movements. This pattern of religious and non-religious music usually continues late into the night.

Rajendra Patni

Rajendra Patni (19 June 1964 – 23 February 2024) was an Indian Politician of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). Before that, he was a member of Shiv Sena. When Patni was in the Shiv Sena, he was part of the Maharashtra Legislative Council (MLC) from the year 1997 to 2003. After losing the 2009 elections as a candidate of Shiv Sena, Patni joined the BJP. He won the 2014 and 2019 elections as a BJP candidate.

Rajendra Patni died in Mumbai on 23 February 2024. He was aged 59 years at the time of his death. Few years before his death he was diagnosed with Cancer.

Vrije Universiteit Brussel

The Vrije Universiteit Brussel (; abbreviated VUB) is a Dutch-speaking university in Brussels, Belgium. The university was founded in 1970 as a split from the Free University of Brussels, which was founded in 1834 by the lawyer and liberal politician Pierre-Théodore Verhaegen. It has about 19,000 students. The motto of the university is "Scientia vincere tenebras", which in Latin means "conquering darkness by science".

The university has four campuses:

The university has eight faculties:

Grassroots Democratic Party of Germany

The Grassroots Democratic Party of Germany is a political party in Germany. It is anti-vaccination and against COVID-19 measures. The party also wants to establish a Grasroots democracy in Germany. The party is right-wing.

Bild

Bild (often called Bild-Zeitung by Germans) is a German tabloid newspaper. It is the most popular newspaper in Europe. It was created in 1952. It has been heavily criticized in the past decades and was compared to The Sun and because of this is also satirically called "Blöd-Zeitung" (meaning stupid newspaper) by people.

Vicky Ward

Victoria Penelope Jane Ward (born 3 July 1969) is an American writer and journalist. She is known for her work as a Senior Reporter for CNN.

Before CNN, Ward was a writer and editor for many different magazines and newspapers including "The Independent", "New York Post", "Vanity Fair", "HuffPost", and many others. Some topics she wrote about were Jeffrey Epstein and his partner Ghislaine Maxwell.

Ward would say that her article on Epstein included interviews with Annie and Maria Farmer. Annie and Maria both had raised complaints about Epstein and his behavior early on. Ward would say that the interview would be erased from the article by Graydon Carter, the main editor for "Vanity Fair". This came after Epstein had pressured the magazine to get rid of it. Ward would also say that she had hired bodyguards because she was threatened by Epstein while she was pregnant.
Ward was born in Chelmsford, England and became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 2017.

Depth psychology

Depth psychology is a field that helps us understand the hidden aspects of our minds. It's like an adventure into our thoughts and feelings. This branch of psychology explores what goes on deep within us, beyond what we can see on the surface.

Depth psychology is all about diving into the "why" behind our actions and thoughts. It's like being a detective, searching for clues to understand ourselves better. Psychologists who specialize in depth psychology believe that our minds have layers, just like an onion.

Often called the father of psychoanalysis, Freud believed in exploring the unconscious mind to understand our behaviors. He compared the mind to an iceberg, with most of it hidden beneath the surface.

Jung expanded on Freud's ideas and introduced concepts like the collective unconscious, suggesting that we all share certain universal experiences and symbols.

Adler focused on the importance of individual experiences and the desire for self-improvement. He believed in understanding a person's unique perspective to unlock the mysteries of their mind.

Klettgau

Klettgau is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Küssaberg

Küssaberg is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Laufenburg, Germany

Laufenburg is a town in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is separated from a Swiss city with the same name by the river Rhine.


Weilheim, Baden-Württemberg

Weilheim is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Wehr, Baden-Württemberg

Wehr is a town in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Stühlingen

Stühlingen is a town in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Todtmoos

Todtmoos is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Sankt Blasien

Sankt Blasien or St. Blasien is a town in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is in the Southern Black Forest.

The benedictine abbey of St. Blaise is in Sankt Blasien, which was first mentioned in 858.

Sankt Blasien is twinned with:

Little Saint James, U.S. Virgin Islands

Little Saint James is an private island in the Caribbean Sea. It is southeast of the neighboring private island Great Saint James and is a part of the East End, Saint Thomas sub-district in the United States Virgin Islands (USVI).

The island, along with Great Saint James, are best known for being owned by sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. The island is also known by the nicknames "Epstein Island" and "Pedophile Island". It was alleged in court documents that Epstein would fly underaged girls to the island and would have they perform sex acts on friends and himself there. After his death, police raided his island estate.

Ühlingen-Birkendorf

Ühlingen-Birkendorf is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Wutach (municipality)

Wutach is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It has a administration community with the neighbouring town of Bonndorf im Schwarzwald. The municipality has villages of Ewattingen, Lembach and Münchingen. It has a primary school and kindergarten in Ewattingen. The current mayor is Alexander Pfliegensdörfer since 2023.

Wutach is to the south of the Wutach Gorge, which flows through the river Wutach.


Andriy

Andriy or Andrii is the Ukrainian form of a masculine given name. The name is equivalent of Andrew in the English language.

People with this name include


Wutöschingen

Wutöschingen is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Ringsheim

Ringsheim is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Gutach (Schwarzwaldbahn)

Gutach is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is home to the Black Forest Open Air Museum.

Appenweier

Appenweier is a municipality in Ortenau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Toby Fox

Toby Fox is an American man who makes video games. He made Undertale, which people have named for awards. He also made Deltarune.

When Fox started, he made music for Homestuck. After making "Undertale", he also made music for Super Smash Bros. Ultimate and Pokémon.

Toby Fox made the "EarthBound Halloween Hack", a Halloween- ROM hack of "EarthBound." It is the earliest thing people know him for. He then made music for the "Homestuck" during his senior year of high school. Fox has also made music for the 2017 video game "Hiveswap", a short story game called "Escaped Chasm", and the RPG "Little Town Hero", which was arranged by Hitomi Sato. He also made a song for "Pokémon Sword" and "Shield", a song for Itoki Hana's "PRAY" album, and many songs for "Pokémon Scarlet" and "Violet".

The most known work by Fox is the role-playing video game "Undertale". The game sold more than 1 million copies. Fox made the game by himself, except for the art, which he asked Temmie Chang to help with. He had some experience in game making before "Undertale" because he used RPG Maker 2000 with his three brothers to make games and other versions of games. He thought of the characters and ideas for "Undertale" while in college, and he drew them in his notebook. After its release, "Undertale" had a big fanbase. Fox said that he did not care if people said that they did not like the game, saying that it was "not for everyone".

On October 30, 2018, Fox said that "Undertale" fans should check the game's Twitter account in a day. The next day, Fox shared the first chapter of another story with "Undertale" characters, named "Deltarune", (which is "Undertale" with the letters mixed up) for free, saying it was a "survey""."

Robert F. Fox was born on October 11, 1991, in Manchester, New Hampshire. He is the son of Robert Fox and Barbara Fox. He learned about environmental science at Northeastern University.

Fox likes to keep things secret and does not do interviews most of the time. He has pain that can stop him from making code and making music.

Alfred Adler

Alfred Adler (7 February 1870 – 28 May 1937) was an Austrian medical doctor and psychotherapist, contributing valuable ideas that have shaped our understanding of human behavior. , Adler's work has had a lasting impact on how we view ourselves and others.

Alfred Adler grew up in a time when people were just starting to explore the mysteries of the human mind. He was a curious and observant child, always wondering why people acted the way they did. This curiosity led him to become a doctor and later a psychologist, dedicating his life to understanding the complexities of human behavior.

Adler's approach to psychology is known as Individual Psychology, and it focuses on how each person is unique and influenced by their own experiences. He believed that everyone has a drive to be significant and capable in their own way, and these desires shape their personalities.

One of Adler's famous ideas is the inferiority complex He suggested that when people feel like they don't measure up or aren't as good as others, it can affect their behavior. To overcome this, Adler emphasized the importance of encouragement and support from friends, family, and the community.

Adler also introduced the concept of "lifestyle," which means the unique way each person approaches life. He thought that understanding a person's lifestyle could provide insights into their choices and behaviors. By exploring these ideas, Adler aimed to help people lead happier and more fulfilling lives.

Although Alfred Adler lived in a time with limited knowledge compared to today, his contributions to psychology laid the groundwork for many modern theories. His work inspired future psychologists to delve deeper into the intricacies of the human mind, ultimately helping us understand ourselves and others better.

In conclusion, Alfred Adler's exploration into the human psyche has left an enduring impact on the world of psychology. Through his observations and theories, he paved the way for a greater understanding of individual differences and the importance of positive support in our lives.

Pool noodle

A pool noodle is a cylinder-like piece of foam that is used for swimming, mostly during swimming exercises.

Franzbrötchen

Franzbrötchen is a German pastry that is similar to a cinnamon roll. It comes from Hamburg and is mostly eaten for breakfast.

Ralegaon Siddhi

Ralegaon Sidhhi is a remote village in Ahmadnagar Maharashtra .This village was Watershed that is developed by social activist Anna Hazare. This village is a example of Eco Nature conservation.

Megamind vs. the Doom Syndicate

Megamind vs. the Doom Syndicate is an 2024 American computer-animated superhero comedy streaming movie directed by Eric Fogel, produced by DreamWorks Animation Television. as a alternate sequel of 2010's "Megamind" as served of the pilot series "Megamind Rules", released in March 1, 2024 by Peacock.

Ansar al-Sharia (Yemen)

Ansar al-Sharia is a Yemeni jihadist group consisting of several sub jihadist groups from AQAP. In 2011, AQAP created Ansar al-Sharia as a Yemeni subgroup focusing on rebeling against the Yemeni government rather then attacking the West and its allies. International Crisis Group sees the AQAP as a diverse group and many Ansar al-Sharia member groups and allied groups do not align with AQAP's views.

Polypedates pseudotilophus

Polypedates pseudotilophus is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have seen it between 0 and 1000 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in and near forests. People have seen it in coffee farms, but only if those farms are near forests. People sometimes catch this frog to sell as pets.

Scientists believe this frog is not in danger of dying out because it lives in such a large place and because it is good at living in places human beings have changed.

Casual relationship

A casual relationship is a relationship between two people. It is very similar to a romantic relationship. People may have sex or a near-sexual realtionship. In a romantic relationship, people usually expect exclusivity. There will be only one person the other person has a commitment to. In a casual relationship this is not the case. This kind of relationship is often found among young people who want to try out new things, but without committing to a particular partner. Such relationships often include casual sex, which means having sex with someone, outside of a romantic relationship. 

Other words for this kind of relationship are casual dating, and situationship.

INS Kochi

INS Kochi (D-64) is a warship of the Indian Navy which was commissioned on 30 September 2015. It is the second warship of the Kolkata-class Destroyer series after INS Kolkata. The keel of ship was laid down on 25 October 2005 and launched on 18 September 2009. It was constructed in Mumbai by Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders.

On 1 November 2015, the Navy launched the BrahMos supersonic cruise missile from INS Kochi. The missile hit its target which was an old ship called "INS Alleppey", almost perfectly. This was the first time it was launched straight up from the 7,500-tonne INS Kochi.

On May 16 and 29 November 2017, the Navy launched the Barak 8 missiles from INS Kochi, and it was successful.

Brympton

Brympton is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England. It is in the South Somerset district.

Santiago Méndez

Santiago Méndez Ibarra (1798 – 1872) was the 1st President of the Republic of Yucatán and Governor of Yucatán.

Saint-Euphraise-et-Clairizet

Saint-Euphraise-et-Clairizet is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.


Coulommes-la-Montagne

Coulommes-la-Montagne is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.


Emmanuel Faber

Emmanuel Faber (born 1st January 1964) is the chairman and former CEO of Danone. He graduated from HEC Paris in 1986.

He is also President of the International Sustainability Standards Board.


Doris Miller

Doris "Dorie" Miller (October 12, 1919November 24, 1943) was an American Naval cook. He was the first Black recipient of the Navy Cross. He was also a nominee for the Medal of Honor.

He won the Navy Cross because of his heroism in fighting the Japanese bombers at Pearl Harbor.

Bouilly, Marne

Bouilly is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.


Ablancourt

Ablancourt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Allemant, Marne

Allemant is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Allemant

Allemant is the name of two communes in France:

Alliancelles

Alliancelles is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Ambonnay

Ambonnay is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Ambrières

Ambrières is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Anglure

Anglure is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Dropshipping

When someone sells something without having that thing, that is called dropshipping. A person who is dropshipping orders it to their customers from the person or group that is making it. Dropshipping is usually done for low profit with low risk averaging around 20% profit.

Angluzelles-et-Courcelles

Angluzelles-et-Courcelles is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Anthenay

Anthenay is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Aougny

Aougny is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Arcis-le-Ponsart

Arcis-le-Ponsart is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Argers

Argers is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Arrigny

Arrigny is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Arzillières-Neuville

Arzillières-Neuville is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Triantha occidentalis

Triantha occidentalis is a species of carnivorous plant which grows in the Pacific Northwest. It catches and digests insects with sticky hairs on its stems. There are three different kinds, or subspecies, of "T. occidentalis": those with thinner seeds and stickier hairs are the subspecies (written subsp.) "montana", those with groups of flowers in a spherical shape are subsp. "occidentalis", and those with groups of flowers in a pill shape, occurring more inland, are subsp. "brevistyla".

"T. occidentalis" only grows a few leaves, as many as three and as few as none. These leaves grow in tufts from the ground, and can be up to long. During its flowering season, stems grow from the bases of these tufts, and flowers grow at the ends of these stems. The stems have sticky hairs to catch and digest insects. It can have as many as 45 white or yellowish flowers, which grow in round clumps called an inflorescence. Within this clump, flowers often grow in groups of 3. The flowers have long stamens, the part which holds the pollen, and a noticeable style, the part which accepts the pollen to create reddish-brown seeds. The seeds are contained in an inflated, white coating with a tail-like part at either end.

"T. occidentalis" grows in boggy, wet areas of Northwestern America where soils contain a lot of calcium carbonate, or chalk. It grows along the coast of the Pacific ocean, from Alaska down to California, and as far inland as Alberta, Wyoming, and Idaho.

Since "T. occidentalis" grows in nutrient-poor soil, it absorbs additional nutrients by capturing and digesting insects in a unique way. Its sticky hairs capture the insects, and the hairs on the stems produce a digestive enzyme called phosphatase, a common digestive agent in plant carnivores, to eat the insects. "T. occidentalis" is unique among other plants in its class, the monocots: all other carnivorous plants in this class create a trap by gathering water for insects to drown in. "T. occidentalis" is also unique among other plants that use sticky hairs to capture insects, like the sundew, since its sticky hairs grow all along the stems which carry the flowers. Most carnivorous plants avoid this, since it might cause pollinating insects visiting the flowers to be accidentally captured instead of prey insects. However, most pollinators are larger and strong enough to escape the sticky hairs, while prey insects are too small and weak to escape. The scientists who discovered that this plant is carnivorous believe that other plants in its genus "Triantha" could also be carnivorous, but it is still unknown.

Athis, Marne

Athis is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Nitrogen-15 tracing

Nitrogen-15 tracing, also known as N tracing or the δN method, is a technique used to follow how nitrogen enters an ecosystem or organism. There are two common isotopes of nitrogen: N (also called Nitrogen-14), which makes up 99.6% of naturally occurring nitrogen, and the heavier N (Nitrogen-15), which makes up the rest. Since N is so much more rare in nature, scientists can introduce N into an ecosystem in order to follow how nitrogen is absorbed by organisms. For example, if a fertilizer containing a very high amount of N is used to grow a plant, then a high level of N in that plant most likely means that it absorbed nitrogen from the fertilizer.

To measure whether an ecosystem or organism contains a high level of the rare N (Nitrogen-15), scientists need to establish a normal level of N. Often, this is the amount of N found in the atmosphere, or how much is commonly found in whatever organism is being studied. Scientists measure δN, which is similar to how much more N is measured than is normal. If scientists introduce N to an ecosystem, a high δN in an organism probably means that the organism absorbed this introduced N.

Nitrogen is necessary to life, so nitrogen flows through an ecosystem in a process called the nitrogen cycle. Scientists can follow this flow of nitrogen in an ecosystem or follow how nitrogen moves in a single organism with N tracing. For example, if insects containing a high amount of N come into contact with a plant, scientists can measure whether the plant absorbed nutrients from those insects by measuring δN in the plant, or how much the plant's N is higher than normal. In 2020, scientists used this method to test whether "Triantha occidentalis" is a carnivorous plant, meaning it absorbs nutrients from organisms it traps. They tested whether "T. occidentalis" is carnivorous by answering the question, "does "T. occidentalis" absorb nitrogen from insects it traps?" Scientists taped flies containing large amounts of N to three plants: "Erigeron peregrinus", a control plant which is not carnivorous, "Drosera rotundifolia", a plant which is known to be carnivorous, and "T. occidentalis". After two weeks, they measured the δN in each. The δN of "E. peregrinus" was about 0, meaning it absorbed no nitrogen from the flies, but the δN of "D. rotundifolia" and "T. occidentalis" were very high, meaning they both absorbed nitrogen from the flies. By tracing Nitrogen-15, the scientists had verified that "T. occidentalis" absorbed nitrogen from flies, meaning that they discovered a new carnivorous plant.

Owerri

Owerri is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Imo State. About 540,000 people live there. It has two universities called the Federal University of Technology Owerri and Imo State University. Owerri has an airport southeast of the city, called the Imo Airport.

Kevin Bishop

Kevin Bishop is the speaking voice for 2-D, fictional lead singer of British virtual band Gorillaz.

United (Judas Priest song)

"United" is a 1980 song by British heavy metal band Judas Priest and is the final single from their sixth studio album "British Steel". It went to number 26 in the United Kingdom and number 27 in Ireland. The single was released along with its B-side "Grinder".

Queen Bitch

"Queen Bitch" is a 1971 song by David Bowie. It is the 10th track from his fourth studio album "Hunky Dory" and plays tribute to the American band The Velvet Underground. In January 1997 on his 50th birthday Bowie performed the song live with Lou Reed.

Ya Ali

The Ya Ali is a missile created by Iran. The missile was first publicly shown on the 11th of May 2014 when Ayatollah Khamenei visited the Aerospace Force of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution. The missile is named after the calling upon Ali for help in the Shia religion. The missile has also been claimed to be used by the Ansar Allah movement by Jane's Defense Weekly.


Ferdinand Tönnies

Ferdinand Tönnies (; 26 July 1855 – 9 April 1936) was a philosopher. He was born in a place called "Oldenswort" in Germany. Ferdinand Tönnies did many things in his life, but he became especially known for his ideas about societies and how people come together.
Ferdinand Tönnies had a brain full of thoughts about how communities work. He liked to study the ways people connect with each other and form groups. Imagine a big puzzle of people, and Tönnies was interested in figuring out how the pieces fit together.

One big idea from Tönnies is the concept of "Gemeinschaft" and "Gesellschaft". These are just German words for two types of societies. Gemeinschaft is like a small town or a close-knit community where people know each other well, and there's a strong sense of togetherness. On the other hand, Gesellschaft is more like a big city where people might not know each other as much, and relationships are often based on practical reasons.

Tönnies was also a professor, which means he taught students about his smart ideas. He worked at a university in Germany and shared his thoughts on societies with many people. His teachings helped others understand more about how people live and work together.

Ferdinand Tönnies died on April 9, 1936, but his ideas continue to live on. People still read his writings and learn from his thoughts on communities and societies. Even if you haven't heard his name before, Ferdinand Tönnies was a person who spent his life thinking about how we all fit into the big puzzle of society.

Manhattan Project (song)

"Manhattan Project" is a 1985 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It appeared on their 11th studio album "Power Windows" and was not released as a single but made number 10 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. It is named after the World War II project that created an atomic bomb.

Hope Pym

Hope Pym is a fictional superheroine from the Marvel Comics universe. The character was created by Tom DeFalco and Ron Frenz, and first appeared in "A-Next" #7 (April 1999). She is the daughter of superheroes Hank Pym and Janet van Dyne in the MC2 universe. Hope Pym is a supervillain known under the codename Red Queen.

Evangeline Lilly portrays a different version of the character, Hope van Dyne, in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Ant-Man" (2015) and appears as the successor of the Wasp in the movies "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (2018), "" (2019), and "" (2023). Lilly returned in the animated series "What If...?" (2021) as an alternate version.

Runaways (The Killers song)

"Runaways" is a 2012 song by alternative rock band The Killers and is the leading single from their fourth studio album "Battle Born". It went to number 78 in the United States, number 18 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Scotland and Ireland, number 67 in Australia, number 37 in Japan and Canada, number 53 in Italy, number 64 in the Netherlands and number 67 in Australia.

Limelight (Rush song)

"Limelight" is a 1981 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It first appeared on their eighth studio album "Moving Pictures". It went to number 55 in the United States and number 18 in Canada. It also made number 4 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Sophia of Nassau

Sophia of Nassau (Sophia Wilhelmine Marianne Henriette; 9 July 1836 – 30 December 1913) was Queen of Sweden and Norway as the wife of King Oscar II. She was Queen of Sweden for 35 years. This is longer than anyone before her. She was the longest-serving queen until 2011, when Queen Silvia served longer than her. She is also the most recent woman to have been officially Dowager Queen of Sweden.

Subdivisions (song)

"Subdivisions" is a 1982 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush and is the second single from their ninth studio album "Signals". It was released as a single and gets played regularly on classic rock radio stations and appears on several greatest hits albums. It went to number 5 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Track charts.

The Twilight Zone (Rush song)

"The Twilight Zone" is a 1976 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It is the leading single from their fourth studio album "2112". It is based on the two episodes of "The Twilight Zone". Rush dedicated the song to the memory of the creator Rod Serling.

Mandarin (character)

The Mandarin is one of the main antagonists of the Marvel Comics universe, serving as the main antagonist of the "Iron Man" franchise and media, and a major antagonist in the "Avengers" franchise. The character was created by Stan Lee and designed by Don Heck, first appearing in "Tales of Suspense" #50 (Feb. 1964).

Formerly a poor vagrant and criminal raised in poverty, he would eventually come across ten mystical rings (later revealed to be technology from the Makluan race) and take their power as his own. With his new abilities, he would reinvent himself as an aristocratic criminal mastermind seeking to expand his empire and conquer the world. He is notable for his role in Tony Stark/Iron Man's creation, having orchestrated the kidnapping that would lead to him creating his first set of armor, and for causing multiple other pivotal moments in the hero's life.

He serves as the main antagonist of "Iron Man: Enter the Mandarin", the "Dragon Seed Saga", "Iron Man: The Future", and several other storylines. He is the archenemy of Iron Man, and an enemy of several other heroes, including War Machine, the Hulk, Captain America, Deadpool, Black Panther, Shang-Chi, and the Avengers.

The Mandarin has appeared in several forms of media. In the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), Guy Pearce and Ben Kingsley portrayed an imposter and actor of the character in "Iron Man 3" (2013) respectively, and Tony Leung portrayed the "real" character Xu Wenwu in "Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings" (2021). In 2009, The Mandarin was ranked as IGN's 81st-greatest comic book villain of all time.

Midnight Sons

The Midnight Sons are a fictional team of supernatural superheroes from the Marvel Comics universe. Including Ghost Riders Danny Ketch and Johnny Blaze, Blade, and Morbius, the original team first formed as part of the "Rise of the Midnight Sons" story arc, culminating in the first full team appearance in "Ghost Rider" (vol. 3) #31 (cover dated November 1992). Following the success of the crossovers, Marvel branded all stories involving the group with a distinct family imprint and cover treatment, which lasted from December 1993 to August 1994. The team has been revived several times with different characters, but the most frequent members include Morbius, Blade, and at least one Spirit of Vengeance.

Bullet the Blue Sky

"Bullet the Blue Sky" is a 1987 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the fourth track from their fifth studio album "The Joshua Tree". It is inspired by Bono trips to El Salvador and Nicaragua ravaged by United States lead invasions. It went to number 14 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

Chairman District Council Faisalabad

Chairman District Council Faisalabad is the deputy mayor who heads the Faisalabad Municipal Corporation (FMC) which controls the local government of Faisalabad.

Utopia (Goldfrapp song)

"Utopia" is a 2000 song by British dance band Goldfrapp. It is the second single from their debut studio album "Felt Mountain" and went to number 94 in the Netherlands. The remixed version was released in July 2001 and made number 62 in the United Kingdom and Scotland.



Red Barchetta

"Red Barchetta" is a 1981 song by Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It is the second track from their eighth studio album "Moving Pictures" and is inspired by a futuristic short story "A Nice Morning Drive" by Richard Foster. It was taken from the published in the November 1973 article of Road & Truck magazine.

Voices in the Sky

"Voices in the Sky" is a 1968 song by English progressive rock band The Moody Blues. It was taken from their third studio album "In Search of the Lost Chord" and was one of the two singles released from the album along with "Ride My See-Saw". It went to number 27 in the United States.

Red Lake Falls, Minnesota

Red Lake Falls is a city in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is the county seat of Red Lake County. 1,339 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Glencoe, Minnesota

Glencoe is a city in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is the county seat of McLeod County. 5,744 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Glencoe was planned out in 1855. It is named after Glen Coe in Scotland. A post office has been in operation at Glencoe since 1856. Glencoe was incorporated as a city in 1909.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has an area of . Of that is land and is water. U.S. Highway 212 and Minnesota State Highway 22 are two main routes in Glencoe. It is east of Minneapolis.

The 2020 census says that there were 5,744 people, 2,345 households, and 1,481 families living in Glencoe.

The median age was 39.1 years. Of the people, 82.6% were White, 0.5% were Black, 0.4% were Native American, 0.8% were Asian, 5.8% were from some other races, and 9.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 17.1% of the people.


Neosho Rapids, Kansas

Neosho Rapids is a city in Lyon County, Kansas, United States. 229 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Before, people called it Italia then Florence. It was planned out in 1855. The city was named Neosho Rapids in 1857 from the whitewater on the Neosho River.

Auberive

Auberive is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Haute-Marne department in northeast France. This commune is not to be confused with Aubérive in the Marne department.

Aubérive

Aubérive is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.

This commune is not to be confused with Auberive in the Haute-Marne department.


Aulnay-l'Aître

Aulnay-l'Aître is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Aulnay-sur-Marne

Aulnay-sur-Marne is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Auménancourt

Auménancourt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Auve

Auve is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Avenay-Val-d'Or

Avenay-Val-d'Or is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Dutse

Dutse is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Jigawa State.

Birnin Kebbi

Birnin Kebbi is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Kebbi State.

Bannay, Marne

Bannay is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Marne department in northeast France.


Mian Tahir Jameel

Mian Tahir Jameel Pervaz also known as Mian Tahir Pervaz is a Pakistani politician who was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, from May 2013 to May 2018, and MPA from 15 August 2018 to till 13 January 2023.

Fastest Girl in Town

"Fastest Girl in Town" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Miranda Lambert. It was released in June 2012 as the third single from Lambert's album "Four the Record".

The music video for "Fastest Girl in Town" was shot in late June 2012, and features a guest appearance by NASCAR driver Danica Patrick.

The music video reached number 1 on CMT's "Top Twenty Countdown" for the week of December 7, 2012.

Meta Nienhuis

Meta Lansing-Nienhuis also known as Metje Nienhuis (born 20 February 1918) was a Dutch kortebaan speed skater. She won many prizes in the late 1930s and 1940s.

In December 193, she became champion of Drenthe. In the winter of 1939-40, she won 237,50 Dutch Guilder in prize money. In that winter she won also in Valthermond beating Antje Koopmans and her sister Ike Nienhuis. After World War II she won several prizes in the winter of 1945-46 including winning the second round in Wartena in January 1946. In December 1946 she won in Makkum. 

She was listed to be suspended from 15 January 1947 by the association of ice clubs due to competing in two competitions on the same day. She still competed in late January and February 1947; including in Thialf, Makkum, Wijnjeterp and Leeuwarden.

Bicycle lighting

Bicycle lighting is illumination attached to bicycles. The idea is to improve the visibility of the bicycle in poor lighting conditions.That way, the bicycle and its rider can be seen more clearly.
Another purpose is to illuminate reflective materials such as cat's eyes and traffic signs. A third purpose may be to illuminate the road so that the rider can see the way ahead. This requires much more luminous flux and more power.
Many countries require one or more bicycle lights to be fitted to bicycles ridden at night. Usually, this is a white light in the front and a red light at the back. This is the same as with other vehicles.

Michal

Michal was a person in the Books of Samuel. She was the daughter of King Saul. 

Michal was in love with David so Saul told David he could marry Michal if he killed 100 Philistines and brought back their foreskins. David killed 200 so Saul let David marry Michal.

Then when Saul wanted to kill David, Michal helped him escape and hid a statue in his bed that she pretended was David but sick. Saul was angry with Michal for helping David so she lied that David threatened to kill her. So Saul sent her away to marry a man named Paltiel. 

After Saul died and David became king of the Tribe of Judah, Michal left Paltiel and came back to David. After David brought the Ark of the Covenant to Jerusalem and danced in front of it, Michal criticized him for dancing like a commoner because her father would never do something like that. David said that all he was doing was celebrating and honouring G-d. After that, G-d decided that Michal couldn’t have any more children.

The Midrash says that Doeg the Edomite convinced Saul that David was basically dead and so Michal could marry another person without adultery and so Saul sent her to Paltiel but she didn’t have sex with him since she was loyal to David.

Cat's eye (road)

In the context of road signalisation, cat's eyes is the name for special reflectors. When light shines on them, they will reflect it back in the same direction. Usually they are small cylinders. Very often they signal the presence of objects or they alert the driver of a danger such as a bend in the road. 

Estheticare Clinic

Estheticare Clinic is an aesthetic healthcare centre situated in Islamabad, Pakistan. Established on 1st March 2015 by Dr. Uzair Khan, the clinic specializes in treatments related to skin and hair. On 19th December 2023, Estheticare Clinic partnership with the Harley Street Institute in London to provide exclusive diploma programs focusing on Medical Aesthetics.

Doeg the Edomite

Doeg the Edomite was a person in the Books of Samuel. Doeg was the chief shepherd of King Saul. 

After finding out that Saul wanted to kill him, David ran away to Nob and lied to Ahimelech the Chief Kohen that he was on a secret mission for Saul so Ahimelech gave David bread to eat. Doeg happened to be in Nob when this happened. When Doeg found out Saul was looking for David, Doeg told him that he had seen the Cohenim in Nob help David. Saul told his servants to kill the Cohenim of Nob but they refused to do that so Saul asked Doeg to do that and Doeg said yes. Then Doeg killed eighty-five Cohenim and their wives and children and animals. Only Abiathar, Ahimelech’s grandson, escaped Nob and told David what happened. David says what happened to Nob is all his fault since he should have known that Doeg would tell Saul.

In Psalms Chapter 52, David sings that G-d will punish people who do evil and reward the good. David says that he sang this after Doeg betrayed Ahimelech.

According to the Midrash, Doeg talked Saul into not killing Agag. Doeg convinced Saul that David could never be king because Ruth was from Moab and he told Saul about how much people praised David for killing Goliath, to make Saul jealous. Doeg convinced Saul to make Michal marry Paltiel and Doeg came to Nob. And after Saul’s generals Abner and Amassa refused, Doeg murdered everyone in Nob (except Abiathar, who escaped.)

There are Jewish traditions that Doeg was the “son of an Amalekite” that David beheaded for killing Saul though there are also some who say it was Doeg’s son.

Who was Doeg the Edomite? Got Questions.org

Doeg, The Jewish Encyclopedia

Pastor Column Doeg the Edomite and the purposes of God, Victorville Daily Press

Doeg, Encyclopedia.com

Who was Doeg the Edomite in the Bible? CompellingTruth.org

Doeg the Edomite, Religion Wiki

Did Doeg the Edomite single-handedly kill the whole town of Nob?, hermeneutics stack exhange

Doeg the Edomite and Priest Slayer, Jewish Telegraphic Agency

Doeg the Edomite, Jewish Knowledge Base, Chabad.org

Yevamot 76b, Sefaria.org

Tanach summary Shmuel 1 Chapter 22 Dovid flees and leads to the destruction of the city of nov by Shaul shulcanaruchhsrav.com

Avner and Asael, Background to the Daily Daf
How To Train Your Dragon (book series)

The How To Train Your Dragon books also called the Hiccup books are a series of children’s books by Cressida Cowell. They begin with How To Train Your Dragon and end with How To Fight a Dragon’s Fury. There are twelve of them.

1) How To Train Your Dragon

2) How To Be a Pirate

3) How To Speak Dragonese 

4) How To Cheat a Dragon’s Curse

5) How To Twist a Dragon’s Tale

6) A Hero’s Guide To Deadly Dragons

7) How To Ride a Dragon’s Storm

8) How To Break a Dragon’s Heart

9) How To Steal a Dragon’s Sword

10) How To Seize a Dragon’s Jewel

11) How To Betray a Dragon’s Hero

12) How To Fight a Dragon’s Fury

A Viking child named Hiccup Horrendous Haddock the Third, whose father Stoick the Vast is leader of the tribe of the Hairy Hooligans, has to learn how to become a hero “the hard way”. Hiccup, with the help of his pet dragon Toothless and his friends Fishlegs and Camicazi has to save his home island called Berk (and the other islands of the Archipelago) from dangerous Dragons, pirates, Romans and evil Vikings like Norbert the Nutjob and Alvin the Treacherous. Hiccup and his friends also have to stop Alvin the Treacherous (Hiccup’s archenemy) and the Seadragon Furious from starting a war between humans and dragons.

In 2010, DreamWorks Animation made the movie How To Train Your Dragon based on the first book. The movie and its sequels are very different from the books.

In the first book, Hiccup is ten and a half years old though in the sixth book A Hero’s Guide to Deadly Dragons, Hiccup turns twelve (technically three because he is born in a Leap year on February 29th). Hiccup in the movies starts out as a teenager. The movies also make Toothless a dragon big enough to ride and who has teeth. The movies also made it so that none of the dragons talked and they had none of the villains from the books. They also replaced Camicazi with a character named Astrid who is in the same tribe as Hiccup. And they made it that Vikings hunt and kill dragons until Hiccup convinces them to train the dragons instead of dragon-training being something kids always have to do or be banished.

Diet Coke Plus

Diet Coke Plus was a formulation of Diet Coke fortified with vitamins and minerals and was considered at one point to be healthier than water. It is sweetened with a blend of aspartame and acesulfame potassium. It wasreleased in the United Kingdom in October 2007. The drink was discontinued in November 2011.

Font Book

Font Book is an application software developed by Apple Inc. for managing fonts on macOS devices like iMac and MacBook. It is a proprietary software and registered trademark of the tech company. It was first released with Mac OS X Panther operating system in 2003 and since then comes pre-installed with Apple computers. When a user clicks on a OpenType (.otf) or TrueType (.ttf) font file, Font Book opens, allowing them to preview and install the font. Once installed, the font is copied to a central folder where all other apps can use it.

Users can use Font Book to browse all installed fonts. They can see a list of fonts, check out their alphabets, view all the glyphs they have, and even set a sample text of their choice. Font Book allows users to install, manage, preview and organize fonts on their Mac devices. It automatically checks for errors and duplicates when installing fonts to ensure validation and proper functioning. Users can search, filter and sort fonts to find the exact font they want to use. Additionally, Font Book provides options to print and export font lists.

Font Book does not include tools for editing fonts. Users cannot rename, merge, or split fonts, nor can they make changes like adjusting spacing or creating new styles. However, Font Book enables users to group fonts into collections, view details about fonts such as the name of the designer and the copyright holder, activate and deactivate individual fonts or collections and check the data integrity of font files.

Between 2003 and 2007, Apple's Font Book faced criticism for its inability to validate and automatically activate fonts. These features were added with the release of Mac OS X Leopard on October 26, 2007.


Font Book User Guide

Market Basket (New England)

Market Basket is a chain of 88 supermarkets in New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Maine, and Rhode Island in the United States. It is headquartered in Tewksbury, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1917. From 1990 through late August 2014, the company was the center of a controversy over ownership and leadership, which culminated in protests receiving international media attention. 

Schwan's Company

Schwan's Company is a food company. It has about 7,500 employees. It started in the United States as a family-owned business. Since 2019 the company has been a subsidiary of CJ CheilJedang of South Korea. Its major business units include Schwan's Consumer Brands, Schwan's Food Service, and SFC Global Supply Chain. It was founded in 1952.

José Tiburcio López Constante

José Tiburcio López Constante ( 1790 - 25 September 1858) was the 2rd President of the Republic of Yucatán and Governor of Yucatán he died in New Orleans, United States.

Cressida Cowell

Cressida Cowell is a British writer most known for the Hiccup books. 

Cressida Cowell was born in England in 1966. Her father Michael Hare was a Viscount. When she was a child she often vacationed in Scotland where she started to draw. Cressida married a man named Simon John Cowell. 

In 1998, Cressida Cowell started to write children’s books with the book Little Wonder. After writing several other books, she wrote Hiccup the Viking who was Seasick about a Viking child named Hiccup who is afraid of the Ocean even though his father Stoick doesn’t want him to be afraid of anything. She published it in 2001. It inspired her to write How To Train Your Dragon in 2003 and the other Hiccup books. Cowell also won an award for her book “The Rabbit belongs to Emily Brown.”

Small Town Girl

Small Town Girl is the debut studio album by Kellie Pickler. The album was released on October 31, 2006.

Domingo Barret

Domingo Barret Echeverri was governor of Yucatán, Mexico. He was interim governor of Yucatán in 1847 during the beginning of the so-called War of the Castes and the time when turning Mexico war with the United States.

Miguel Barbachano

"'Miguel Barbachano y Tarrazo" (San Francisco de Campeche; September 29, 1807 - Mérida; December 17, 1859) was a liberal politician Mexican, five times Governor of Yucatan between 1841 and 1853. He alternated in power with Santiago Méndez Ibarra, who represented the interests campechanos versus those of Mérida, Yucatán that were represented by the group of Miguel Barbachano, during the conflicting years prior to the split of the state of Yucatan by the separation of Campeche and just at the beginning of the so-called caste war, which was staged in the Yucatan Peninsula from 1847 to 1901.

High School Republican National Federation

The High School Republican National Federation, also known as the High School Republicans or HSReps, is a group led by students that wants to get young people involved in politics and help elect Republicans. Members of HSReps all over the country do things like join in political events and help out with Republican election campaigns. 

The High School Republican National Federation started in April 2022. It's run by students and helps local high school Republican groups work together better. It was made by bringing together different state groups that were already part of their state parties. Their goal is to fight for their beliefs in schools, talk to voters to get Republicans elected, and plan for a strong future. Some of these groups are called 'Teen Republicans,' but they all follow the same ideas set by the National Federation..

The High School Republican National Federation has groups in different states and cities all across the country. Some of the biggest groups are in New Jersey, Nebraska, and North Carolina. Altogether, they have around 10,000 members who are active. The main group oversees all the High School Republicans. It's run by a National Board made up of different leaders like a chairman, co-chairman, and others. They're in charge of making sure the group grows and supports Republican ideas. There's also a National Committee with representatives from each state to help with leadership.

Local chapters at high schools and counties work at a grassroots level to rally young people behind causes. Local High School Republican chapters have organized candidate forums, registered voters, and helped to elect Republicans in their own communities.

During elections, High School Republicans go door-to-door to talk to people, make phone calls, and tell others about Republican candidates.. These students help out in different campaigns, like those for Congressman Don Bacon, Heidi Ganahl, and others.

High School Republicans in different states are also getting involved in making laws. For example, in December 2023, the New Jersey High School Republicans went to Trenton, New Jersey, to talk about a new law called the Involve our Youth Act. This law would let high school students take time off school for activities that help their community. They worked together with the New Jersey High School Democrats to try to make this law happen..


See You Again (Carrie Underwood song)

"See You Again" is a 2013 song by country singer Carrie Underwood and is the fourth and final single from her fourth studio album "Blown Away". It went to number 34 in the United States and number 45 in Canada. It also went to number 7 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles charts and number 2 on the RPM Country Singles charts.


2022 in movies

2022 in film is a overview of events, including the highest-grossing films, award ceremonies, critics' lists of the best films of 2022, festivals a list of country-specific lists of films released, and notable deaths. Universal Pictures and Paramount Pictures celebrated their 110th anniversaries in 2022.

TBA

TBA

TBA 

TBA 

TBA 

TBA 

TBA

TBA 

TBA
Undo It

"Undo It" is a 2010 song by country artist Carrie Underwood and is the third single from her third studio album "Play On". It went to number 23 in the United States, number 85 in Australia and number 43 in Canada. It also went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 2 on the Canadian Country charts.

Suhani Bhatnagar

Suhani Bhatnagar (Hindi: सुहानी भटनागर) (14 June 2004 – 17 February 2024) was a child actress in the Bollywood. She has acted as a model at a young age in different television advertisements, as well as in literature collections and movies but the turning point in her career was when she acted in the movie "Dangal". Dangal was released in 2016. At the age of 10 suhani had acted as Babita Phogat in the movie and for her amazing acting at a young age she got into limelight. After the success of Dangal, she decided to take a break from Bollywood and was instead focused on completing her studies. In an interview, she told that she would be back as actress once she complete her studies.

On 17 February 2024, Suhani died at the age of 19 due to a disease named Dermatomyositis.

Suhani had a disease called Dermatomyositis. She had red spots on her hands by the end of year 2023. She went to many big hospitals in Faridabad for treatment, but none of them was able to treat her. When she got very sick, she was taken to AIIMS Hospital in Delhi, but there also she did not get better. Due to the disease, Her body started filling with water and damaged her lungs. Suhani passed away on February 17, 2024. She was aged 19 at the time of her death.


This Is Where I Came In (song)

"This Is Where I Came In" is a 2001 song by Bee Gees and is the title track to their 22nd and final studio album "This Is Where I Came In". It went to number 18 in the United Kingdom, number 24 in Scotland, number 76 in Australia, number 42 in Austria, number 41 in Switzerland, number 25 in Germany and number 37 in New Zealand.

1917-18 Austrian football championship

The 1917-18 Austrian football championshipwas organized by the Lower Austrian Football Association. Only teams from Vienna and the Vienna suburbs were allowed to take part. Clubs from the crown lands had no opportunity to take part in the championship. Promotion and relegation was suspended during the war years.

The championship in the Erste Klasse was played by 10 teams. They met twice during the entire playing year. Floridsdorfer AC celebrated its first and only Austrian championship title this season. Due to the suspended relegation, the ASV Hertha managed to stay in the top division. This was the third time in a row for this reason alone.

Black Cherry (Goldfrapp song)

"Black Cherry" is a 2004 song by British dance band Goldfrapp. It is the title track to their second studio album "Black Cherry" and went to number 28 in the United Kingdom, number 27 in Scotland and number 15 on the Billboard Dance Single charts.





Elliot Rodger

Elliot Rodger was born on July 24, 1991, in London, England to parents Peter Rodger and Li Chin. His mother is Malaysian and worked as a nurse during the production of "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade". His father is British and was involved in the film industry, directing commercials and serving as a second unit director on the 2012 film "The Hunger Games". Rodger hailed from the notable Rodger family, which had a history of wealth before suffering financial loss during the Great Depression. Rodger's grandfather, George Rodger, was a well-known photojournalist known for his World War II photography. The Rodgers would later move to Sussex, where Peter started working as a professional photographer. Li Chin left her nursing job to watch her son, later welcoming a daughter into the family. Rodger's grandmother later moved in, with Rodger developing a close bond with her. Rodger had a privileged childhood, experiencing affluence from a young age. He traveled to four different countries before he turned four years old. Rodger started attending Dorset House, a private all-boys school. Rodger disliked the school due to its strict environment, often leaving him in tears. 

When Rodger was five, his family moved to the United States, settling in Woodland Hills, California, an upscale suburb of Los Angeles. He went to Pinecrest Schools, later attending Topanga Elementary School where he made a few friends, including a blond girl and a boy who would become his best friend for 14 years. When Rodger was seven, his parents divorced, causing him to be devastated. Rodger and his younger sister lived with their mother during the weekdays and spent weekends with their father. A year after the divorce, Rodger's father married Soumaya Akaaboune, a Moroccan-born French actress known for her role in "Les Vraies Housewives", the French version of "The Real Housewives" series, and for having a small role in Matt Damon's movie "Green Zone". Rodger began showing signs of social and communication difficulties early in life. Throughout his time in elementary school Rodger would be quiet and withdrawn, often whispering answers if addressed, and preferred to write information down on paper rather than talk. He would use recess to hide behind buildings, avoiding interaction with his peers. Social gatherings like birthday parties made him anxious, and on one occasion at Disneyland, he was overwhelmed to tears by the crowds of people. 

In 1999, Rodger's mother filed an affidavit for more child support. She labeled her son as a "high-functioning autistic child" and claimed that she needed more child support to look after her son because of his special needs. Countering this, Rodger's father presented doctor Stephen M. Scappa, who stated the autism diagnosis was fake because the initial diagnosis might have missed conditions like "depression or anxiety." Scappa recommended that Rodger should undergo additional evaluation by a child psychiatrist to secure a correct diagnosis and appropriate treatment. Around this time, this is when Rodger began having a difficult relationship with Akaaboune. As Rodger grew, he became more aware and uncomfortable with his height and slender frame, making him the smallest person in his fourth-grade class. He became embarrassed about being of mixed race—half-white and half-Asian—which he felt set him apart from his peers who were entirely white. In an effort to blend in, at nine years old, Rodger dyed his hair blond and picked up skateboarding, hoping these changes would help him become friends with other children. During this time, Rodger began to experience feelings of resentment, convinced that life was unfairly better for some than for others. These feelings marked the beginning of his challenges with social interactions. Rodger felt that establishing friendships became increasingly difficult, particularly with women, leading to a sense of isolation and frustration.

Rodger's mother had met George Lucas and dated him briefly, leading to Rodger and his mother getting invitations to "Star Wars" premieres. Rodger immersed himself video games, getting gifted an Xbox to play popular video games such as "Halo" for hours. During this period, Akaaboune became pregnant and subsequently gave birth to a son. Rodger's enjoyment of movie's also began to disappear due to his discomfort with couples present at the movies. Throughout his middle school years, his social interactions significantly decreased, leading him to find solace in the online game "World of Warcraft". This game became a major part of his life, consuming up to 14 hours daily at his mother's residence and serving as his primary form of social engagement. When Rodger was 11, he found someone in an online chat room who shared explicit images of naked blond women with him. This exposure to pornography was entirely new to Rodger, finding himself overwhelmed with shock and emotions upon viewing the pictures. By the time Rodger was in middle school, feeling like an outcast, he began to intentionally annoy classmates to gain some attention. Rodger began to become known as the "quiet" and "weird kid," being subjected to teasing and bullying. Rodger was also bullied by a blond girl, leading him to start to hate women, whom he viewed as "heartless creatures." While at an Internet cafe, Rodger was startled and curious when he saw an older teenager watching pornography. This experience left him feeling a mixture of shock and arousal. Subsequently, Rodger walked home alone, crying and feeling too guilty to talk with his parents about it. As time passed, Rodger's inability to engage in sex worsened his misery. 

After finishing middle school, Rodger was eager to distance himself from girls and enrolled in Crespi Carmelite High School, an all-boys Roman Catholic institution. He initially looked forward to the new start, but his anticipation quickly turned to anxiety on his first day. Upon arriving and observing the older, taller students, Rodger experienced overwhelming fear, leading him to break down in tears and confess to his father that he was too scared to exit the car. During his first week at Crespi Carmelite High School, Rodger faced bullying from seniors, including incidents where they threw food at him during lunch. In one incident, Rodger, having fallen asleep in class, had his head taped to his desk by classmates. The bullying escalated with students taunting him over his fear of interacting with girls and called him homophobic slurs. Overwhelmed by the bullying, Rodger felt powerless to respond, often crying alone during school hours. As the bullying persisted, Rodger began to wait for the halls to be empty before going to his next class. He started to avoid doing his homework and would continue to play "World of Warcraft" for hours. On the last day of Rodger's freshman year, a classmate bragged about having sexual relations with his girlfriend. Since Rodger didn't believe him, the classmate played a voice recording of him and his girlfriend being intimate. Rodger was soon overcome with rage and jealousy. He was shortly called into the office and was picked up by his mother. During the car ride, Rodger sobbed heavily and shared the ordeal with her, marking his final day at the school. In 2007, Rodger was diagnosed with pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified (PDD-NOS), a condition on the autism spectrum that leads to challenges in social development. At the age of 15, he was prescribed a regimen of Xanax and Prozac, eventually taking Paxil. His parents then enrolled him in Taft Charter High School, a public school with a student body of 2,700. The transition to Taft Charter High School intensified Rodger's fears due to its large student population. Rodger reported experiences of being shoved against lockers and suffering verbal abuse from male students in the presence of female students. One afternoon, while leaving the school premises, Rodger stopped dead in his tracks and started having an anxiety attack. School staff had to call his mother to come and escort her son to her car. 

Rodger's parents decided to remove him from Taft High School after only a week, and after a few weeks of Rodger staying at home, enrolled him in Independence Continuation High School, a school of roughly 100 students that offered three to four hours of daily instruction aimed at assisting students facing challenges. Rodger remained mostly silent, continuing to immerse himself in playing "World of Warcraft" during his time there. After spending so much time on video games, Akaaboune became concerned and told him to get off, but this would anger Rodger, causing him to argue with his step-mother. In a later event Rodger rescued his younger brother from drowning in their family pool. The downturn in the commercial directing industry, exacerbated by the September 11 attacks, severely impacted Rodger's father's career. In response, he embarked on creating a documentary titled "Oh My God", which took him to over 23 countries in two and a half years to interview figures like Hugh Jackman and Ringo Starr on their perceptions of God. The documentary's release in November 2009 was a financial flop, selling only a few tickets and costing Rodger's father around $200,000, money he had secured from his home's equity. This drove Rodger's father into debt and forced him to stop child support payments. He explained to a judge that his business had been unprofitable for more than a year, leaving him without any income and in search of work. He sought to reduce his child support payments for his two children from $2,000 monthly. Rodger's mother acknowledged that her ex-husband financed his documentary by leveraging his home but consented to pause child support payments for a year. With Rodger's mother only making $40,000 a year working as a research assistant for a film company, she stated that she found herself relying on family and friends for money.

At the age of 17, the mere suggestion of visiting Morocco triggered a severe temper tantrum from Rodger. Despite his initial resistance, he ended up in Morocco but remained discontent, sulking at his mother until she finally gave in and allowed him to return home. By 18, Rodger stopped going to the mental health care his family provided and refused to take psychiatric medication he had been prescribed. Rodger graduated from Independence High School in 2010. His relationships with his step-mother and father grew increasingly strained over time, ultimately leading to him being kicked out from their house. Rodger harbored a fixation on becoming wealthy, believing it to be the key to gaining attention from women. He even went so far as to urge his mother to marry a wealthy man, disregarding her happiness for his ambitions. His mother expressed unwillingness to remarry. She suggested Rodger direct his energies toward writing, recognizing his potential talent in that area, and mentioned he could make money out of it. Considering this, Rodger thought that writing a successful book would be a quick path to wealth. Upon realizing the time and effort required for the success, he quickly gave up.

Rodger went on to enroll in Pierce College but didn't stay, choosing to leave the institution after seeing too many happy couples that caused him rage. Despite his mother's encouragement to seek employment, Rodger preferred to spend his time reading at Barnes and Noble, although the sight of couples would often incite anger in him. Worried about his direction in life, his parents hired a life coach to help Rodger. Despite their attempts, Rodger was resistant to the idea of employment, asserting that the jobs available were "beneath [him]," as he considered himself an "intellectual who [was] destined for greatness." He would often sit by himself in cafes, hoping for women to approach him. After leaving Pierce College, Rodger transitioned to Moorpark College, attracted by its smaller size and more appealing aesthetics, a decision made after a visit to the campus with his mother. Rodger began becoming hopeful that the change would mark a new beginning, particularly with the prospect of meeting blond girls, and he fantasized about showing a potential girlfriend around his new college campus. However, this was short-lived, as Rodger quickly found himself feeling lonely and sad at Moorpark. He developed feelings of envy towards a couple in one of his classes. By the time he turned 19, Rodger decided to take one class, a political science course, partly relieved that the couple from his previous class was not present, although he still encountered them on campus. His discomfort was further fueled by his social anxiety, particularly when he was called upon by a professor. After completing a year at Moorpark College, he dropped out in 2010. 

Rodger increasingly shared with his few friends his disturbing fantasies about dominating the world and committing acts of torture and murder. Over time, these conversations began to take a toll on his friendships, leading his friends to distance themselves and avoid him. In an attempt to help Rodger socialize more and reduce his isolation, his parents decided to send him to college in Santa Barbara. They were optimistic that being part of a college community would encourage him to make friends. Rodger agreed after having watched the 2006 American crime drama film "Alpha Dog". Thinking about the film, Rodger believed moving to Santa Barbara would give him the chance to lose his virginity and go to parties. In June 2011, Rodger moved from his mother's house to the Capri Apartments, and would attend Santa Barbara City College. Shortly after settling in, Rodger experienced intense jealousy towards a black peer who shared that he had lost his virginity at the age of 13. This deeply upset Rodger, driving him to retreat to his room in tears and reach out to his mother, expressing his frustration and jealousy over the attention black men received from blond women. Rodger found it hard to get along with several different roommates and chose to spend much of his time alone, seeking solitude at a golf course or the beaches around Isla Vista. In the fall of 2011, Rodger was assigned two new Hispanic roommates, who were subjected to his racial slurs. After the two moved out, Rodger was soon paired with another roommate in September 2011. The relationship between them deteriorated over time, leading the roommate to send a letter to Capri's management asking to be assigned a new apartment. The roommate stated that Rodger was rude on several occasions and had "huge psychological issues." He added that Rodger was a "ticking time bomb waiting to explode" and feared for their life. 

Rodger developed a deep resentment towards the people in Isla Vista, seeing himself as a sophisticated person deserving of relationships with attractive blond women. He believed these women rejected him, and blamed men who were more successful than him. In July 2011, during a visit to Starbucks, Rodger noticed a couple engaging in a kiss. Overwhelmed by his emotions, he followed them outside and, in a moment of anger, threw his coffee at them. The man yelled at Rodger, prompting him to flee the scene in fear. On another incident, just days away from turning 20, Rodger encountered another couple at a food court, seeing them kissing. Driven by jealousy, he followed them in his car and splashed them with iced tea. Rodger's feelings of jealousy were further inflamed when one of his roommates invited his girlfriend over, leading Rodger to internally question why a girl would choose to date someone he perceived as unattractive. In an attempt to find social connection, Rodger made a friend who introduced him to other acquaintances in hopes of integrating him into their circle. During this period, Rodger developed an obsession with designer clothing, purchasing numerous items in an attempt to elevate his status. Rodger's friend of 14 years would later end their friendship when he could no longer deal with Rodger's increasingly disturbing perspectives. In January 2012, while driving past a bus stop, Rodger saw two blond women and attempted to engage with them by smiling. When they did not return the smile, he reacted turning his car around and splashing his latte on them.

By February 2012, Rodger's frustration with his social interactions, particularly with blond women whom he perceived as evil, led him to withdraw from all his college classes from Santa Barbara City College. This revelation led Rodger to begin to contemplate what he referred to as the "Day of Retribution," a planned attack to avenge his perceived slights and loneliness. Rodger later attended a private Katy Perry concert and went to the red carpet premiere of "The Hunger Games" with his father in March 2012, where he met Jack Ross, the 16-year-old son of the film's director, Gary Ross. In a bid to achieve instant wealth, Rodger bought lottery tickets for The Mega Millions jackpot in June 2012, but his hopes were dashed when he did not win. Determined to amass the funds he believed were necessary for his planned act of vengeance, Rodger managed to save up $5,000 to buy the supplies he thought he needed. In July 2012, while walking alone in a park, he observed some college students playing kickball. Overwhelmed by envy, especially upon seeing blond women interacting with men, Rodger went to a Kmart, purchased a Super Soaker, and filled it with orange juice. He returned to the park and sprayed the students while yelling at them. In August 2012, Rodger encountered "The Secret" by Rhonda Byrne, a book that promoted the "law of attraction." Motivated by its principles, he dedicated the entire month to meditating in his room, vividly imagining himself walking through a park alongside a beautiful girl. Later in September 2012, after not winning the Mega Millions $120 million jackpot, Rodger was engulfed in a fit of despair, screaming and crying for hours on end. This led him to go to a gun range, fueled by a desire to familiarize himself with firearms as part of the groundwork for his contemplated attack. 

Rodger began to meticulously plan his attack around Halloween of 2013 but eventually scrapped the idea, fearing the heightened police presence typical of the holiday might thwart his plans. In November 2012, his quest for a quick fortune drove him to drive from California to Arizona to purchase tickets for the Powerball jackpot, which had soared to $500 million. Despite driving over to Arizona four times, his efforts were met with consistent failure, each loss pushing him deeper into fury. Thinking he would remain a virgin forever, he actively began to plan and prepare for the "Day of Retribution". In December 2012, Rodger bought a Glock 34 semiautomatic pistol for $755.57 at a firearms dealer in Goleta, California. As the spring of 2013 approached, Rodger's thoughts turned darker as he began to seriously contemplate orchestrating the "Day of Retribution," purchasing a Sig Sauer P226 handgun in March 2013 for $1,179.48 in Burbank, California. Rodger began to plan his attack sometime in November of 2013. Rodger and two other people were placed as roommates in their apartment complex not long after having taken a questionnaire about their personalities. Rodger would go with them to the gym and dinner, but after a few occasions, he started to distance himself. He became withdrawn and was frequently heard having intense phone calls from his room. The roommates suspected that Rodger possessed a firearm because they had heard a clicking sound numerous times. They decided to move out in June 2013 as they became more uncomfortable living with Rodger.

On July 20, 2013, Rodger, intent on losing his virginity before his 22nd birthday, consumed vodka to induce intoxication. He attended a party with the hope of engaging with women. Frustrated by his inability to talk with them, Rodger grew enraged and climbed a 10-foot ledge, pretending to shoot people with his finger. Subsequently, he attempted to shove multiple women off the ledge but was thwarted by a group of men who pushed him off instead, resulting in a fractured ankle. Following the fall, Rodger tried to leave the party but realized he had lost his sunglasses. Still highly inebriated, he attempted to return to the party but inadvertently walked into another house and got into another fight. The students called him names and beat him up. Rodger, battered and bloodied, had to stumble back to his apartment. The following day, two sheriff's deputies visited Rodger in the hospital. Rodger claimed being pushed off the ledge after insulting someone's appearance, asserting that he then went to a different house's front yard and sat on a law chair, when out of nowhere, approximately ten men showed up and beat him up. When asked why he didn't call the cops, Rodger claimed he didn't know who to reach out to. 

A deputy remarked on Rodger's dishonesty, deeming him too "timid" and "shy" to tell the true events. A witness said a man who looked like Rodger began the fight by trying to push two women off a ledge. They didn't fall, but Rodger tried to push two more women before he jumped off the ledge and ran. The witness stated that Rodger was alone and acted strange He noted that Rodger wasn't talking to anyone at the party. After arriving at his apartment, a neighbor observed Rodger returning home in tears, swearing to kill those who attacked him and contemplated suicide. Rodger disclosed in his manifesto that this event was the decisive moment that propelled him to finalize his plans for the attack. The sheriff's office concluded Rodger had started the fight, and the investigation was closed without further action. They did not arrest Rodger or interrogate him further.

In August 2013, fueled by resentment over his broken ankle and repeated rejections from women, Rodger concluded that his only resolve was to enact his planned attack. However, hindered by his fractured ankle, he postponed his scheme until the following spring of 2014. Rodger's parents sought more professional help for him, leading to therapy sessions with Charles Sophy, a controversial psychiatrist who began treating Rodger in late 2012. He prescribed him Risperidone, an antipsychotic drug, which Rodger decided not to take after researching it online. Subsequently, Rodger stopped going to his appointments with Sophy by the fall of 2013. Rodger experienced jealousy and increased distress when he noticed women showing interest to one of his counselors. Although he developed a connection with a female counselor, her relocation left him reluctant to seek a replacement, feeling that hiring a woman for companionship resembled engaging in prostitution. Around this time, his parents enlisted the help of a life coach named Gavin Linderman. Linderman provided Rodger with rehabilitation and instructions to improve his social life, requiring Rodger to travel to Los Angeles for the sessions. During their meetings, Rodger opened up to the life coach about his struggles with his virginity. Linderman suggested that moving out from Isla Vista would be beneficial, but Rodger promptly dismissed that idea. During this period, Rodger's envy toward his six-year-old stepbrother intensified, particularly as his brother secured opportunities to appear in television commercials. Consumed by jealousy, Rodger began plotting the murder of his stepbrother, fearing his sibling would surpass him in popularity with girls. Additionally, he devised a plan to kill his stepmother by stabbing her in the neck due to disliking her. Rodger planned to commit the murders while his father was away on a business trip, as Rodger harbored concerns that he might hesitate if confronted with the task of killing his own father. Amidst his intentions, Rodger's mother bought him a BMW 3-series coupe, giving a glimmer of hope within him that he might attract a girlfriend during the remaining months of 2013. 

In September 2013, Rodger was assigned a random apartment where he gained two new roommates, 20-year-old Weihan "David" Wang and 20-year-old Cheng Yuan "James" Hong. As Wang's mother helped her son move his stuff into the apartment, she urged the three to take care of each other, which Rodger quickly brushed off. Rodger would spend most of his time out of the apartment or alone in his room, making Wang feel bothered by Rodger's antisocial behavior. He filed complaints with the building manager, claiming Rodger played loud music during the night. On January 15, 2014, a fight happened between Rodger and Hong when Rodger accused him of stealing three candles valued at $22. The conflict began when Rodger, irritated by Hong's cooking, took his measuring cup, prompting Hong to retaliate by taking Rodger's candles in an attempt to initiate a trade. Rodger responded by placing Hong under a citizen's arrest. Upon police intervention, Hong claimed he believed Rodger had stolen his possessions, including a rice bowl, though Rodger denied the allegations. Law enforcement discovered the candles on Hong's bed. Hong was arrested and charged with petty theft and refused to return them. He was found guilty, fined, and later released. Hong had become by Rodger's actions but refrained from confronting him, concerned that it might worsen their living conditions. Hong and Wang distanced themselves from Rodger and went on to sign a lease with their 19-year-old friend George Chen for a different apartment. Rodger began to plan to murder Wang and Hong, due to disliking them and feeling they would get in the way of his attack. In January 2014, Rodger contemplated launching his planned attack during Valentine's Day or Deltopia, a spring break event drawing crowds to Isla Vista in early April. However, he dismissed these dates due to heightened police presence and his realization that he required additional time for preparation. Eventually, he settled on April 26, 2014, as the revised date for his attack. During this period, he acquired another Sig Sauer P226 firearm incase the other two firearms jammed. He bought another Sig Sauer P226 handgun for $1,132 in Oxnard, California in February 2014. Throughout February and March, Rodger visited gun ranges, making multiple ammunition purchases. He funded his weapon purchases with money he had saved from gifts from his grandparents and the $500 monthly allowance his father sent him.

Rodger mainly expressed his emotions through platforms like YouTube and Facebook, where he shared his frustrations about his romantic failures and his views on life. He was subscribed to multiple YouTube channels associated with the Men's rights movement, which posted content aimed at advising men on attracting and talking with women. Rodger also maintained a second YouTube channel named "Valtharion". He would leave negative comment across several videos, including calling women derogatory terms, saying racist statements, and accusing other men of lying about their relationships with women. Additionally, Rodger boasted about his affluent family background and expressed a sense of superiority due to being half-white. On his personal blog, named "Elliot Rodger's Official Blog," he portrayed himself as a "sophisticated, polite gentleman," expressing his difficulties in socializing and connecting with others in Isla Vista. Rodger frequently shared photos on his Facebook, Google Plus, and YouTube, often showcasing himself alongside his BMW. Rodger frequently engaged with online communities such as ForeverAlone and PUAHate, where men who struggled with romantic relationships shared their grievances, critiqued each other and expressed disdain towards women and pick-up artists. Within these forums, Rodger and other men identified themselves as "Incels", a term for involuntary celibate, where they discussed their struggles to find a romantic or sexual partner. 

Because users on PUAHate shared similar negative perceptions of women, it further convinced Rodger that the difficulties some men experienced in finding partners were because women are "wicked and degenerate." Rodger also expressed racist views in his posts, including mocking an Asian man trying to date a white women and stating it was "rage-inducing" after he saw black man hanging out with white women. In April 2014, he had uploaded several videos to YouTube lamenting his loneliness and frustration over his inability to attract a girlfriend, with titles such as: "Why do girls hate me so much?", "Life is so unfair because girls don't want me", and "My reaction to seeing a young couple at the beach, Envy". In other videos he filmed himself on scenic drives amidst palm trees and dancing to music. He would secretly follow couples and record them while complaining how lonely he felt by seeing them. Rodger would post his YouTube videos to forums like Bodybuilding.com, where despite his attempts to showcase his loneliness, users lefts comments on his videos that ridiculed him, branding him as desperate and insecure. On bodybuilding.com, a user compared Rodger's demeanor to that of a serial killer, attributing his romantic failures to sounding creepy. Additionally, one of Rodger's YouTube videos garnered attention on Reddit's "cringe" forum, where a user drew comparisons between Rodger and the fictional serial killer Patrick Bateman from "American Psycho".

In the days leading up to his planned April attack, Rodger created a 137-page manifesto called "My Twisted World: The Story of Elliot Rodger". Rodger wrote that women's refusal to accept him was a "declaration of war" and hoped for his attacks to reshape humanity. He believed that to "purify the world," it was necessary to get rid of love and sexuality from human existence. He imagined imprisoning women in concentration camps where most would die from starvation. Rodger also wrote that he imagined the continuation of humanity would be through artificial insemination, ensuring men would be unaware of women's existence. Rodger detailed his plan for his "Day of Retribution," and divided into three parts. The first phase involved killing his two roommates first, where he would then lure people into his apartment, wanting to slowly torture them before killing them. The second phase, which he called the "War on Women," was where he intended to kill as many blond women as he could inside the Alpha Phi sorority house. In his final phase, Rodger planned to drive to his father's house and kill his stepmother and half-brother. He would then steal their Mercedes SUV and drive it to Isla Vista, shooting and hitting as many people as possible with his car.

In April, Rodger extended his preparations by visiting two additional gun ranges. In the week before his planned "Day of Retribution," Rodger posted multiple videos to his YouTube channel, clinging to the hope that a woman might see his videos and ask him out on a date. As this did not happen, Rodger planned to finish writing his manifesto and upload one last video minutes before he started his attack. However, Rodger became sick with a cold on April 24, leading him to ponder whether it was a sign to abandon his intentions. Consequently, he postponed the date by a month, settling on May 24, to allow recovery from his cold and more time to live.

On April 30, 2014, Rodger's mother became worried after she hadn't heard from her son in four days. She found the videos he had posted online and became shocked, reaching out to his therapist. The therapist then contacted a mental health professional, who requested a welfare check on Rodger. Responding to the request, four sheriff's deputies, a university police officer, and a dispatcher in training visited Rodger's apartment. Rodger explained that he had no thoughts of hurting anyone or himself and his videos were his way of expressing his social difficulties in Isla Vista. A deputy called Rodger's mother to update her and handed the phone to Rodger, who reassured her he was alright and would call her later. The deputies also provided Rodger with information on local support services and determined he did not meet the criteria for an involuntary hold. Because the officers did not watch the videos or check if Rodger owned any weapons, they determined that Rodger did not pose an immediate risk to himself or others. After the authorities left, Rodger felt relieved they did not search his apartment, fearing they would have located his firearms and manifesto, causing him to go to prison. He maintained possession of a gun and several loaded magazines close at hand. Rodger intended to use them against the police if they returned and then planned to flee. This caused Rodger to remove most of his videos from YouTube in case of being caught. In the description of one of his videos, Rodger mentioned that he had temporarily removed most of his videos due to the concern they had caused among some of his family members. Rodger planned to re-post them in the days leading up to his attack in May. 

As the pressure mounted in anticipation of his looming attack, Rodger turned to Xanax to alleviate his escalating anxiety. Days before his attack, he posted on bodybuilding.com before discovering and posting on anxietyzone.com. Throughout May 2014, Rodger embarked on drives across Santa Barbara, savoring his final weeks alive. On May 22, he reposted the "Why do girls hate me so much?" video on YouTube. However, despite initially selecting May 24 as the date for his attack, Rodger unexpectedly initiated his assault a day earlier, on May 23. Carrying a 6- and 8-inch "SRK" knife along with a nine-inch boar hunting knife, Rodger first ambushed Wang upon his return to their apartment. Wang, attempting to fend off the attack, found himself subjected to a barrage of 15 stabbing wounds and 23 slashing injuries. Subsequently, Rodger dragged Wang's lifeless body to a secluded corner of a bedroom, hiding it beneath blankets, towels, and clothing. Hong entered the apartment next, only to be then ambushed by Rodger. Despite his efforts to defend himself, Hong fell victim to 25 stab wounds and 12 slashing injuries. Hong's body was then dragged into the same bedroom and thrown face down halfway on top of Wang's body. The final victim Chen, Wang and Hong's friend, arrived at the apartment last. Rodger ambushed Chen, unleashing a total of 94 stab wounds and 11 slashing injuries as Chen attempted to defend himself. Rodger left Chen's lifeless body in a bathroom. Rodger had tried to clean the apartment's hallways and hide signs of the earlier stabbings as each victim entered the apartment. With blood spattered on the walls, using bathroom towels and paper towels, Rodger attempted to clean up the blood, but they quickly became soaked. 

Following the murders of the three men, Rodger discarded his blood-drenched clothes and made his way to Starbucks. There, he purchased a triple-vanilla latte. Less than two hours after his Starbucks visit, and minutes before his attack, Rodger uploaded a video on YouTube called "Elliot Rodger's Retribution" and emailed his 137-page manifesto to 34 people, including his parents, friends, and therapists. In the video, Rodger is seen sitting in his BMW during a sunset, reciting scripted lines and letting out fake laughs. Rodger explained in the video that he was frustrated that he was still a virgin at 22, that he would "punish" women for rejecting him, and hated sexually active men. Upon receiving a call from Linderman to check what her son had sent, Rodger's mother hurriedly checked the email, discovering his manifesto. Alarmed by its contents and subsequently locating Rodger's "Retribution" video online, she promptly contacted Rodger's father, and they swiftly set off toward Isla Vista while alerting the authorities. Meanwhile, Rodger proceeded to the Alpha Phi sorority house, attempting to gain entry by knocking on the door for three minutes. Foiled in his attempt, he retreated to his car, where he opened fire from an open window at three women returning to their Delta Delta Delta sorority house. The victims were 19-year-old Veronika Weiss, 22-year-old Katherine Cooper, and 20-year-old Bianca DeKock. One person started giving Cooper CPR, while another tried to comfort Weiss by holding her head and talking to her, but both sorority sisters succumbed to their injuries. DeKock, in a call with her mother, was crying that she was going to die. A deputy arrived to provide aid to DeKock, applying pressure to her wounds, while a bystander continued to administer first aid when the deputy joined the pursuit of Rodger. A person told DeKock's mother that her daughter was going to survive. 

After departing from the sorority house, Rodger executed a three-point turn in a driveway along Pardall Road. Driving past a closed coffee shop on Pardall, he discharged a shot toward it. Continuing his rampage, he proceeded to the IV Deli Mart, where he unleashed a barrage of gunfire at individuals nearby. 20-year-old Christopher Michaels-Martinez was at the Deli's entrance and turned around to look at Rodger's car. He was shot in the chest, resulting in injuries to his liver and the right ventricle of his heart. Michaels-Martinez managed to stumble inside the deli but succumbed to his injuries despite CPR attempts by a 19-year-old woman. Rodger fired additional shots into the deli, shattering windows and sending people scrambling for cover. Unrelenting in his assault, Rodger resumed driving, striking a man with his vehicle, knocking him into the air. Recklessly driving on the wrong side of the street, he collided with another pedestrian and fired shots at two individuals on the sidewalk, narrowly missing them. He then targeted a couple exiting a pizzeria and a female cyclist. Navigating through several streets, Rodger engaged in a harrowing exchange of gunfire with a sheriff's deputy, injuring two pedestrians in the process. Continuing his spree, he shot and wounded three more individuals on Sabado Tarde Street, striking a skateboarder and two cyclists with his vehicle before shooting two men at another intersection. 

Near the intersection of El Embarcadero and Sabado Tarde, Rodger engaged in a shootout with four sheriff's deputies, sustaining a gunshot wound to the hip. Desperate to evade capture, Rodger navigated through several streets, striking another cyclist whose impact shattered the car's windshield. Rodger's attempt to flee made him crash into several vehicles. As law enforcement officers surrounded the car, they mistakenly handcuffed the injured cyclist, initially suspecting him to be a potential second assailant. Realizing their error, they promptly provided him with medical attention, acknowledging him as a victim rather than an accomplice. Upon searching Rodger's vehicle, police discovered his lifeless body, having succumbed to a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. Inside the car, authorities found a cache of weaponry, including a Glock 34 handgun, two SIG Sauer P226 handguns, 500 additional rounds of live ammunition, and two knives. The entire spree of attacks unfolded within eight minutes, during which Rodger discharged approximately 55 9mm rounds. The rampage resulted in the deaths of six University of California, Santa Barbara students, with 14 others sustaining injuries.

Luke Combs

Luke Combs is an American singer of country music. As late as 2023, he had number one singles on Billboard's country music charts.

He is born in North Carolina and grew up there.

Biometric passport

A Biometric passport, also known as a electronic passport, e-passport or Digital passport), is a special kind of passport that has extra safety features. These passports have a small electronic chip inside. The chip stores special information about the person, like their fingerprint or face, along with regular passport details such as name, birthday, and country. This chip helps to confirm the person's identity, making it harder for someone to use a fake passport or steal someone else's identity.

Electronic passports work by using smart technology that doesn't need to be touched to read the information. This makes it quick and easy for border control officers to check who the passport belongs to when people enter or leave a country, especially at places like airports.

These passports are important because they make international travel safer and more organized. Many countries now use electronic passports to follow international rules about passport safety set by groups like the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). These rules help make sure passports work the same way all over the world and make traveling easier for everyone.

Malaysia was the first country in the world to issue biometric passports. They did it in March 1998. In 2008, Qatar became the first country from GCC to issue a biometric passport in accordance with ICAO’s guidelines.

Kwadwo Asamoah

Kwadwo Asamoah (, ; born 9 December 1988) is a Ghanaian former professional footballer. Mainly a left midfielder or left-back, he was also occasionally deployed as a central midfielder. Left-footed midfielder, very tactically flexible, his best qualities are dynamism and physical power; these, combined with good basic technique and excellent insertion times, make him a valid player in both phases of the game. Able to combine quality and quantity, he was born as a midfielder and then established himself as a left winger of a 5-piece midfield, during his time with Juventus, under the guidance of Antonio Conte; his successor on the Juventus bench, Massimiliano Allegri, described him as "one of those horses who stay still for a long time, and as soon as they have the opportunity, they start again at full speed". Nonetheless, an early physical decline combined with a poor adaptability to the role of full-back in a 4-piece defence, heavily undermined his performance in the second part of his career. Widely considered as one of the best Ghanaian midfielders of all time.

Juventus

Inter Milan

Ghana
Individual


Behnám Khoshnazar

Behnam Khoshnazar (born June 25, 1999) is an Iranian-American Actor. He was born in Iran and moved to America when he was young. Khoshnazar has been working at FireBite Films since 2023 as an actor. He is known for his theatric act, "Forgotten Mirage."

Khoshnazar was three years old when he moved to America with his parents. After finishing his early education at Rio Americane High School. In 2010, He started his career in Acting and worked in several theatre plays. Khoshnazar took professional acting classes and joined different theaters.

