Colombia at the Youth Olympics

Colombia first participated at the Youth Olympic Games at the inaugural 2010 Games in Singapore. Colombia has sent a team to each Summer Youth Olympic Games and participated for the first time at the Winter Youth Olympic Games in the 2016 edition in Lillehammer. Colombian city of Medellín submitted a bid to host the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics, but in a voting process in 2013 lost the games to the argentine capital Buenos Aires.


National sports team

National sports team (commonly known as a national team or a national side) is a team that represents a nation, rather than a particular club or region, in an international sport. National teams, like other sporting teams, are often grouped by sex, age or other criteria. The most prestigious national teams are often the senior men's and women's teams. However, they may not be the most popular or successful.

List of chief ministers of Jammu and Kashmir

The Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir is the head of the state government of Jammu and Kashmir and the chief executive of the state legislature.

Color key for parties

Color key for parties

Death of Raman Bandarenka

Raman Bandarenka (, ) (August 1, 1989, Minsk – November 12, 2020, Minsk) was an Belarusian designer, and shop manager. His death is associated with the protests against the 2020 Belarusian presidential election. Raman Bandarenka died after reportedly being beaten by security forces. Police forces said they found him uncounscious and called an ambulance.

According to sources, masked assailants in civilian clothing beat him up, in the yard of his appartment building, in the evening of November 11, 2020, in Minsk. Locally, this appartment complex is known as "" (Ploscha Peramen)." Later, a minibus took him away. An ambulance brigade brought from the Central District Department of Internal Affairs (Police Station) to a local hospital. At the time he ambulance took him, he was unconscious. At the hospital, he was diagnosed with diferent injuries to the head and brain, bruises, and abrasions. Banderenka was operated in an attempt to save his life and fell into a coma. He never recovered and died on November 12, 2020, in the hospital in Minsk.

United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights spoke on the death.

Raman Bandarenka born on August 1, 1989 in Minsk. After school, he entered the Minsk State College of Architecture and Construction, and then the Belarusian State Academy of Arts, graduating from the Faculty of Design in 2012.

In 2014, he was conscripted into the Special Forces of the Internal Troops of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Belarus (military unit 3214), and subsequently stayed in contact with his colleagues. Later, he worked as an administrator and then director of one of the retail stores of the "Ostrov Chistoty" in Minsk.

During the protests, the yard next to the house in which Raman lived became widely known as the "Square of Changes )". This name arose after residents of the residential complex in the quarter between Chervyakova, Kakhovskaya and Smorgovsky tract streets painted a mural with "DJs of Change," two DJs who played the Russian pop song called "" at an event and were subsequently arrested, on one of the walls of a transformer booth. This mural was repeatedly destroyed, but then restored again by the local residents. The yard was often covered with red and white ribbons, symbolising the , which has become a symbol for the freedom movement in Belarus.

On November 11, 2020, at about 22:00, six men and 3 women in civilian clothes and in masks arrived at the "" and began to cut off the red and white ribbons placed by local residents. Raman Bandarenka found out about this in a local text chat in the popular app Telegram. He posted his final message in the group, "I'm going out!" before going out to the street to see what was happening.

Outside, he stood watching what was happening. According to reports, he may have made a remark to which one of the masked people replied to him harshly before pushing Raman to the ground. At this time, Raman hit his head on a children's slide as he fell. The masked assailants proceeded to pin Raman to the ground and command him to "Lie down!" The main initiator of the fight left, and three others continued to beat him.

Following the assault, Raman was dragged off to a silver minibus. This is the last known time he was seen conscious. The events of this evening were filmed by eyewitnesses from different angles and then posted on the net.

He was taken to the Central District Department of Internal Affairs (Police Station), from which he was admitted to the Emergency Department of the Minsk City Clinical Emergency Hospital on November 12 at 0:05. He was diagnosed with multiple injuries. He underwent an operation in an attempt to save his life. Raman Bandarenka died on November 12, 2020.

As of January, 14, 2021, no criminal case was opened on his killing.

On November 16, 2020 the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Latvia imposed a travel ban against the kickboxer and the president of the Belarusian hockey federation Dzmitry Baskau ‘for an unspecified period’ because of their alleged involvement in the killing of Raman Bandarenka. A number of sportspeople have previously identified them in photos and videos of the masked persons who attacked Bandarenka. Baskau and Shakuta did not comment on the suspicions. In the same month Estonia also imposed a travel ban against Shakuta and Baskau. In January 2020 the International Ice Hockey Federation declared that it opened an independent investigation concerning the involvement of Dzmitry Baskau in this incident.

On the evening of November 12, several thousand Belarusians came to the “Square of Change” to pay tribute to Raman Bandarenka. The next day, in various districts of Minsk, other cities and villages of Belarus, people came out to express their sympathy.

On November 15, 2020, at 12:00 in Minsk and other cities of the country the protest march "I'm going out!" in memory of Raman Bandarenka and all the victims of the protests took place. The Minsk event was ended by the cruel attack of the police on the people stood at the “Square of Change” to support the dead one. Katsyaryna Andreeva and Darya Chultsova of "Belsat TV" showed the event live. They were arrested at the “Square of Change” that day. On November 24 ten organizations (the Viasna Human Rights Centre, the Belarusian Association of Journalists, the Belarusian Helsinki Committee and others) made a joint statement. It said that they are political prisoners. On February 18, 2021, the journalists were sentenced to serve two years in prison for pushing 2020 Belarusian protests.

The funeral of Raman Bandarenka took place on November 20, 2020, after the body was released to the family after an extended wait. The family invited everyone to the ceremony, which was attended by several thousands. Many chanted popular slogans, such as "Long live Belarus!", "We will not forget, we will not forgive!”, “Roma, you are a hero”, and “I'm going out” - Raman's final words.

On November 13, during a meeting with Belarusian and international journalists, Alexander Lukashenko expressed his condolences to the parents of Raman Bandarenka. At the conference, he said that he instructed the chairman of the Investigative Committee to investigate the incident and instructed the Prosecutor General to take it under "the most serious control." Lukashenko told reporters: ""But in this case, as I was told, a fight broke out, moreover, a serious fight. And someone from the protesters called the "police." A reinforced police squad was sent. When they arrived, as usual, everyone fled. And this one was either injured or something ... inebriated. This is a fact. The conclusion was presented today by the Investigative Committee. They posted it all. He was drunk. Of course, he was taken and taken by this department. He felt ill on the way, as I was told. They called an ambulance and sent him to the hospital.""

Chairman of the Council of the Republic Natalya Kochanova stated: ""Now there is a radicalization [of the protests]. ...This is the case with this Bondarenko. He himself went out [into the yard]. The fact that he was drunk is one hundred percent fact. Now there is an investigation, and have already established that false information was put on the Internet, that he was sober (we are talking about information and documents from the doctors of the emergency room. ). But the investigation will go further. But did you see how he [Bondarenko] was honored? A memorial! And how many drunks [in the whole country] are fighting? Every day they die. And they [the protesters] are arranging memorial services. The President said it right: we need to clean up the city!""

As of November 27, 2020, no criminal case has been instituted on Bandarenka's death, while TUT.BY journalist Katsyaryna Barysevich and doctor Artsyom Sorokin, who reported medical information that the murdered man was completely sober, refuting the words of Alexander Lukashenko and Natalya Kochanova that Bandarenka was drunk, had been detained in connection with the criminal case upon them. On November 24, the human rights organization Amnesty International named them in the Bandarenka matter. On the same day, ten organizations (the Viasna Human Rights Centre, the Belarusian Association of Journalists, the Belarusian Helsinki Committee and others) made a joint statement. It said that Katsyaryna Barysevich is a political prisoner. Boris Haretski, deputy chairman of the Belarusian Association of Journalists, said that the authorities were not fighting the problem, but the media, “They think that if the press does not write about Bandarenka, people will not find out about it. Of course, they will know everything, but the media is still under attack." On March 2, 2021, Barysevich was sentenced to serve a half-year in prison and to pay a fine for damages in 100 basic units for writing on the late Raman Bandarenka, doctor Artsyom Sorokin got two years in prison and a fine in 50 basic units.

The chairman of the Viasna Human Rights Centre Ales Bialiatski accused the death of Raman Bandarenka of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Belarus.

In a statement dated 13 November 2020, the EU condemned the brutality. The diplomatic missions of Great Britain, Germany, and the EU in Belarus honored the victim with a minute of silence. Many foreign media outlets wrote or released stories about the death of Raman Bandarenka (Belsat, U.S. News & World Report, Meduza, RIA Novosti, BBC, Current Time TV, Associated Press, Libération, TVP Info, Washington Post, bne IntelliNews, ČT24, and others).

On November 19, 2020, Jim Gilmore, United States Ambassador to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, spoke on the killing of Bandarenka that became a sign of “the impunity of Belarusian security forces.”

On November 26, 2020, European Parliament discussed the situation in Belarus. The discussion resulted in the adoption of a resolution "on the continuation of human rights violations in Belarus, in particular the murder of Raman Bandarenka", supported by an absolute majority of deputies, calling for a "prompt, thorough, impartial and independent investigation into the death."

On August 9, 2021, was put in the of the USA. He got a punishment for "violent attack on Bandarenka" and his transfer to the police.


Mass Effect 2: Arrival

Mass Effect 2: Arrival is an expansion pack for the 2010 game "Mass Effect 2". It is about Commander Shepard rescuing Amanda Kensington.

Shepard can attack enemies with their abilities and weapons.

The pack had mixed to positive reviews.

Black Palestinians

Black Palestinians are black people who live in or have family from Palestine. They are also called Afro-Palestinians because many have ancestors from Africa. In history, many black people were forced to go to Palestine as slaves by the Ottoman Empire. Some of them were also enslaved by Palestinian Bedouins. There are also Black Palestinians who came as immigrants from Africa. Today, they still face discrimination because of their race as well as occupation by Israel. One neighborhood in Gaza with many Black Palestinians is known by an insulting name for slaves. A minority of African Palestinians which number around 350-450 reside in an African enclave (Hai al-Afaarika) around the Bab al-Majlis, the northern gate, contiguous to the Haram al-Sharif, in the Muslim Quarter of Jerusalem, which also contains several micro-communities composed of Indians, Domari Gypsies, Afghans, and Moroccans.


Mass Effect 3: Citadel

Mass Effect 3: Citadel is an expansion pack for the 2012 game "Mass Effect 3". It is about Commander Shepard having a shore leave with the crew.

The first half is a series of missions before Shepard starts a party for the crew.

The pack was critically acclaimed and considered one of the best Mass Effect expansion packs of all time.

Crash Team Racing: Nitro-Fueled

Crash Team Racing: Nitro-Fueled is a racing video game that was published by Activision. It serves as a remaster and remake of "Crash Team Racing" with additional content from "Crash Nitro Kart", "Crash Tag Team Racing" and Spyro characters.


Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee

Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee is a 2001 platform video game developed by "Oddworld Inhabitants". It was first released for the Xbox as a launch title and was a flop but got great reviews.

The player can switch between Abe and Munch for playable characters and can guide Mudokons and Fuzzles to their path.

Munch, the last Gabbit has been taken by the Vykkers to be a test subject. He teams up with Abe to help him collect the last can of Gabbiar, the remaining Gabbit eggs.

The game was liked but didn't do well.

Mohand Chérif Hannachi

Mohand Chérif Hannachi (2 April 1950 – 13 November 2020) was an Algerian footballer. He was the chairman of JS Kabylie from 1993 until his death.

Hannachi died on 13 November 2020 in Algiers at the age of 70.



The Smiling Lieutenant

The Smiling Lieutenant is a 1931 American musical comedy movie directed by Ernst Lubitsch and was based on the 1905 novel "Nux, der Prinzgemahl" by Hans Müller-Einigen and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1932. Actors include Maurice Chevalier, Claudette Colbert, Miriam Hopkins, Charles Ruggles, George Barbier, Hugh O'Connell and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee

Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee is a 1997 platform video game. It was created by "Oddworld Inhabitants". It was first released for the PlayStation. The game is the first game of the Oddworld series.

The player can help Mudokons leave slavery from RuptureFa
rms.

Abe, a worker for RuptureFarms decided to leave the area and saw a moon with his handprint on it.

The game was liked and helped create a sequel.

Tatiana Melnik

Tatiana Melnik (; 25 August 1985, Kyiv, Ukrainian SSR) is a Russian designer and model. She is owner of the “TiMe Deluxe” brand.

Tatiana Melnik was born in Kyiv, Ukraine.

After birth, Tatiana moved to the Tyumen Oblast, Russia, together with her parents.
She graduated from school with a mathematical background and advanced study of foreign languages.

In 2003, Tatiana Melnik worked as a secretary, then as a financier at “RN-Yuganskneftegaz”.

In 2007, she graduated from the Economics Department of Moscow State University.
In 2007, she opened a travel company “Safari Tour” in Nefteyugansk.

In 2011, Tatiana Melnik opened the “Malibu” visa center.

In 2016, she founded her own brand of handmade jewelry “TiMe Deluxe” and opened a boutique of branded clothing in Surgut.

In 2016, the “TiMe Deluxe” premium beauty studio was opened.

In 2017, Tatiana Melnik became the face of the Italian cosmetics brand “Oh! my Bella!”.

She is a current member of the jury of the international competition for emerging designers “European Fashion Union”, held in Italy.

According to some sources, Tatiana Melnik is the personal stylist of Philip Kirkorov.

In November 2016, Tatiana Melnik presented her own brand "TiMe Deluxe" in Surgut and the first collection of jewelry — “Time of luxury”. The presentation was conducted by actress Yekaterina Guseva and stylist Sergey Zverev.

In November 2017, the first capsule collection of clothing by Tatyana Melnik "Princess to be Queen" was shown. The “Angels” jewelry collection was presented under the eponymous composition angel performed by Black Star KAN.

In March 2018, the star calendar “TiMe Deluxe” and the new collection “Love or deception” premiered at the Philipp Kirkorov vocal gallery (Moscow).

In July 2019, the collection “Summer of love” () was presented in Senigallia, Italy, as part of the 4th national Italian design competition “SENIGALLIA COLLEZIONI-MODA E FORMAZIONE”.

In November 2019, the “Pink Vanilla” collection was presented.

At the same time, the final of the author's project of Tatiana Melnik “Lady Fashion TiMe Deluxe” took place. The jury consisted of: Nadezhda Babkina, Oksana Fedorova, Natasha Koroleva, Elena Sanzharovskaya and Alexander Belov.

In March 2020, Tatiana Melnik and the “TiMe Deluxe” brand participated in the organization of the show “Tarzan”, in collaboration with the Royal circus of in Moscow.



Star Wars sequel trilogy

The Star Wars sequel trilogy is a series of movies released between December 2015 and December 2019. The first and last movies were directed by J. J. Abrams, with Rian Johnson directing the second movie.

Disney started production of the trilogy once they bought the rights to the Star Wars franchise.

The Force Awakens got $2 billion at the box office, with the last two movies getting an additional $1 billion each.

Litoria corbeni

Litoria corbeni is a frog from Australia. Scientists saw it on the Atherton Tableland and Bellenden-Ker Range in northeastern Queensland.

Scientists say this frog is related to the black-dotted tree frog.

Barthood

"Barthood" is the 9th episode of the 27th season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on television on December 13, 2015. The episode is a parody of the movie "Boyhood".

Wachtmeister af Johannishus

Wachtmeister is a Swedish noble family that comes from Dagö, Estonia. 


Von Düben

von Düben [fɔn dy:ʹbən] is a Swedish noble family that comes from Germany. The family is famous for its musical contributions.

Most of the members of the von Düben family lives in Mexico as of today.


List of title and honours of the Spanish Crown

The Crown of Spain (1516 present) is a series of titles and honors given to the reigning monarch of Spain. The Spanish Empire at its height was very powerful, in fact it was one of the most powerful empires. The Kingdom of Spain used to be the Crown of Castile, and the Crown of Aragon. Both kingdoms united when Isabella I married Ferdinand II of Aragon. Both crowns descended to their daughter Joanna of Castile. The Spanish Empire for a couple decades was united with the Habsburg Empire. Today the King of Spain is Felipe VI. Felipe holds the main title as "King of Spain" but not as Holy Roman Emperor nor King of Gibraltar. The Kingdom was taken by the British and the current head of state of Gibraltar is the current British Monarch.











Caribbean poetry

Caribbean poetry is a vast and vibrant field of poetry.  It spans the poetry of many countries, including Cuba, Puerto Rico, Dominica, Haiti, Trinidad, Jamaica, and Martinique. 

Caribbean poets often write poetry in English, French, or Spanish. However, Caribbean poetry is also written in Dutch, Hindustani, or any number of creole languages. Many poets in this region celebrate their hybrid culture writing in a hybrid or creole language.

Popular themes include: exile and return to the homeland, self-determination, migration, love, and liberty.



"The New Oxford Book of Caribbean Verse", edited by Stewart Brown and Mark McWatt.

"They Came on Ships: an Anthology of Indo-Guyanese Writing" by Ian McDonald, Joel Benjamin, and Lakshmi Kallicharan.

"Coolie Odyssey" by David Dabydeen.

Claudia Rankine

Claudia Rankine (born in 1963 in Kingston, Jamaica) is a Jamaican poet and experimental playwright. Her work deals with racism, discrimination, and social justice. 

She is the author of "Just Us: An American Conversation," "Citizen: An American Lyric", and "Nothing in Nature is Private".

Rankine has won fellowships from the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, the Academy of American Poets, the National Endowment for the Arts, the Lannan Foundation, and the Guggenheim Foundation. In 2013, she was elected as a chancellor of the Academy of American Poets. In 2014 she received a Lannan Literary Award. 


Kwame Dawes

Kwame Dawes is a poet born in Ghana in 1962. 

Dawes was raised in Jamaica. He now lives in Nebraska where he is the editor of "Prairie Schooner."

His poetry relates to the Reggae music. He wrote a book called "Bob Marley: Lyrical Genius" (2007).

His poetry books include: "Wisteria: Poems From the Swamp Country" (2006), "Impossible Flying" (2006), "Back of Mount Peace" (2009), "Hope’s Hospice" (2009), "Wheels" (2011), "Duppy Conqueror: New and Selected Poems" (2013), and "City of Bones: A Testament" (2017).

Dawes also reported on HIV/AIDS in Jamaica and Haiti after the earthquake (2012). 


Omeros

Omeros (1990) is the epic work of poetry by Derek Walcott. This epic poem helped Walcott win the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1992. The title refers to the Greek myths about Homer.  The poem refers to characters in the "Iliad" and "Odyssey". But the poem is set on the Caribbean island of St. Lucia where Walcott was born. 

The three-hundred-page epic describes modern Caribbean life. Walcott's heroes are ordinary men and women who live in the modern world.


Mr. Potato Head

Mr. Potato Head is an American toy. It is a plastic model of a potato, that can be decorated with several plastic parts that attach to the toy's body. Some examples include ears, eyes, shoes, hats, noses, and a mouth. The toy was invented and designed by George Lerner in 1949 and manufactured and distributed by Hasbro in 1952.

Hasbro Canadian site: https://shop.hasbro.com/en-ca

Dasani

Dasani is a bottled water brand created by The Coca-Cola Company. It was launched in the year 1999, the product is filtered tap water with added sodium.

Series 80 (software platform)

Series 80 (formerly "Crystal") is a mobile software platform introduced in 2000 that uses Symbian. It was made by Nokia for their enterprise and professional level smartphones. All devices that use it have a screen resolution of 640×200 pixels and a full QWERTY keyboard. The large size of the screens are used to good effect, but software has to be developed specifically for it and the market for it was relatively small.

The last Series 80 device is the Nokia 9300i, announced in 2005 and shipped in 2006. The last Communicator, the Nokia E90 Communicator, released in 2007, uses S60 3rd Edition instead of Series 80.


S80 v1.0:

S80 v2.0:


Wild Company

Wild Company is a 1930 American drama movie directed by Leo McCarey and starring Frank Albertson, Joyce Compton, Sharon Lynn, H. B. Warner, Bela Lugosi, Claire McDowell, Kenneth Thomson.

Homer at the Bat

"Homer at the Bat" is the 17th episode of the 3th season of The Simpsons. It was first shown on television on February 20, 1992.


Life at the Top

Life at the Top is a 1965 British drama movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and was based on the novel of the same name by John Braine and is the sequel to the 1959 movie "Room at the Top". It stars Laurence Harvey, Jean Simmons, Nigel Davenport, Honor Blackman, Michael Craig, Robert Morley, Allan Cuthbertson, Harry Fowler, Geoffrey Bayldon, David Oxley, Denis Quilley and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Aar Dheel

Aar Dheel was the seventeenth "garaad guud" of the reer darawiish tribe. This means he was the 17th supreme chieftain of the reer darawiish tribe. Aar dheel was the immediate successor to Diiriye Guure, the 16th Dhulbahante king. Similar to Diiriye Guure, Aar Dheel was not in the line of Dhulbahante succession of hereditary kings. Rather, he was made successor Dhulbahante king after Diiriye Guure because he was a regent and the closest living relative to the royal families. Although the predecessor Dhulbahante chieftain Diiriye Guure was called a Sultan, Aar Dheel went back to being called garaad.

Garad Ali IV

Garaad Ali IV was the fifteenth "garaad guud" of the reer darawiish tribe. This means he was the 15th supreme chieftain of the reer darawiish tribe. He was the only Somali tribal leader not to have signed a treaty with a colonial power. After his disagreements with the Sayid, Garaad Ali IV was replaced as the Dhulbahante king with Diiriye Guure in 1897. Because of disagreements, the Sayyid named Diiriye Guure as Dhulbahante Sultan instead of Garaad Ali IV, and Diiriye Guure afterwards became Dhulbahante Sultan and Darawiish Sultan at the same time.

Loser Love

Loser Lover is a 1999 erotic thriller movie. It was directed by Jean-Marc Vallée.


Grande Arche

The Grande Arche is a monument that was constructed in La Défense, near Paris, in the 1980s. It is at one end of what is known as axe historique (the other is the Musée du Louvre). It looks like the 3D projection of a tesseract. The Grande Arche was built when François Mitterrand was president. It was opened on 14 July 1989, 200 years after the French Revolution. The Grande Arche houses different offices of the government. There is a terrace at the top, and a space for exhibitions.

Victory Day (9 May)

Victory Day in Russia is the anniversary of their Victory in the Great Patriotic War. The Soviet government announced the victory early on 9 May after the signing ceremony in Berlin. Victory Day is one of the most significant holiday in Russia.

In many countries of the former Soviet Union, large-scale mass events are planned. Victory Day parades are military parades that are held on 9 May. They are mostly celebrated in various post-soviet nations such as Russia, Kazakhstan, Belarus, and until 2015, Ukraine. The first victory day parade was on Red Square. Red Army and a small detachment from the First Polish Army participated in the Parade on 24 June 1945.


Josette (1938 movie)

Josette is a 1938 American romantic comedy movie directed by Allan Dwan and starring Simone Simon, Don Ameche, Robert Young, Joan Davis, Paul Hurst, Bert Lahr, Lynn Bari, William Demarest, William Collier Sr., Lon Chaney Jr.. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Captain Qwark

Captain Qwark is a main character of the "Ratchet & Clank" franchise. He is an intergalactic superhero who begins as an enemy to Ratchet and Clank in the games "Ratchet & Clank" and "". He reformed in "" and became a cowardly hero since then.

Copernicus Leslie Qwark has been known for being a savior of the Solana Galaxy. He has defeated Dr. Nefarious and other galactic villains. He was hired by Ultimate Supreme Executive Chairman Alonzo Drek to help him build the Deplanetizer, and to destroy Ratchet and Clank. He occasionally works for the Gadgetron company under the alias "Steve".

Jim Ward has voiced Qwark since his first appearance.

People loved Qwark as a villain in the first two games but didn't like him as a cowardly hero since the third game.

Proposition Infinity

"Proposition Infinity" is the fourth episode of the sixth season of Futurama. It aired on Comedy Central in the USA on July 8, 2010. In the episode Amy Wong and Bender fall in love and begin a bad culturally taboo with the term Robosexual. The title is a parody of Proposition 8. This episode is known for LGBT content. The title is also known is "Proposition ∞". This episode was written by Michael Rowe and directed by Crystal Chesney-Thompson. The theme of the episode revisits the social taboo of robosexual relationships whitch was presented in earlier episodes such as "Space Pilot 3000" and "I Dated a Robot". The opening caption for this one is dictated but not read.

Kif Kroker became unhappy that Amy Wong likes dating bad boys. He broke up with her. She started dating and having sex with Bender. The Planet Express crew is unhappy of the two's robosexual relationship. Amy was brought to Mars by her parents and Bender was brought to the Church of Robotology where they try to stop being robosexuals. Bender decides to marry Amy, to Farnsworth's frustration given that robosexual marriage is illegal with the exception of Space Massachusetts. The two decide to create Proposition Infinity to legalize robosexual marriage. Professor Farnsworth opposed the proposition and he and Bender started a debate. Farnsworth remembered dating a scientist named Eunice and saw her sleeping with a robot. He revealed that Eunice was actually a robot named Unit 47. As a result, Farnsworth gave up the debate and robosexual marriage became legal.

It is one of Executive producer David X. Cohen's favorite episodes.

Space Pilot 3000

"Space Pilot 3000" is a 1999 episode of "Futurama" season 1 and the series premiere.

Philip J. Fry became disappointed that he still delivers pizza as of December 31st, 1999. He was supposed to deliver pizza and beer to someone named I.C. Weiner at the cryogenic lab. He believed it was a prank call and accidentally got in a cryopod. He stayed in there until it opened on December 31st, 2999. Fry realized that he woke up on the future. He met a one eyed woman named Leela who did a DNA test on him that he has a living descendent named Professor Hubert Farnsworth. Fry was given a career assignment to be a delivery boy, to his frustration. He ran away and checked out the streets of New New York. Fry saw what he believed is a phone booth and met a robot named Bender. They went inside and Fry learned it was a Suicide Booth that kills people who don't want to live. Fry and Bender avoided the weapons and left the Suicide Booth. They went to a bar. Bender explained to Fry that he's a suicidal drinker and wants to go to another booth. Fry wants Bender to stay with him. They went to the Head Museum, a museum of celebrities' living heads including Leonard Nimoy. Leela spotted the two and Bender accidentally broke the presidential head jars, specifically Richard Nixon. At a hidden room, Bender was told to bend girders so he and Fry can escape Leela. They went to the sewers, home of the ruins of Old New York. Leela came to the two and quit her job as a police officer. The three go to Planet Express and meet Professor Farnsworth. They are hunted down by the police and Richard Nixon's head. The four took off on the spaceship as the new year begins. Farnsworth decided to hire the three for Planet Express, to Fry's joy.

The pilot had great ratings and many thought it was a great start for Futurama.

Spanish Fry

"Spanish Fry" is a 2003 episode of "Futurama" season 4.

The Planet Express crew stayed at a camp, where Bigfoot is known to be seen. At night, Fry has been abducted by an alien who removed his nose. Back at the Planet Express building, Fry learns that human noses are known as human horn by aliens and an intergalactic aphrodisiac. Fry, Leela and Bender go to an alien flea market where a merchant has been selling noses. The merchant shows a videotape where Lrrr, ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8 has taken Fry's nose. The three went to Omicron Persei 8 and wanted Lrrr to give Fry's nose back. Bender suggested Lrrr to take his penis instead. Lrrr calls it the lower human horn and wants it removed. Fry suggested that Lrrr and Ndnd should have a romantic dinner by the camp. During the dinner, Fry was stuck in a cage and escaped. As the Omicronians try to rip out Fry's penis, Bigfoot appeared. Lrrr realized that removing Fry's penis won't do any good. The three ran away from Lrrr and Ndnd making out.

There was a scene that showed holograms of Fry with different noses but it was cut.

Some liked the raunchy humor.

Master (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)

The Master is a fictional vampire that appears in the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and the spin-off "Angel". He was played by Mark Metcalf and is the first Big Bad of the Buffy series.

The Master is an elderly vampire who has been the head of a Hellmouth underneath Sunnydale High School. He killed Buffy but she was resurrected by Angel. Buffy later killed him, ending the Order of Arelius.

The Master was seen as a good Big Bad for the show.

Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver

Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver is a 1999 platform game released for the PlayStation and Sega Dreamcast. It is the second entry of the "Legacy of Kain" franchise.

The player can switch between the material and soul realms.

Raziel was killed by Kain and was resurrected by the Elder God. He wanted Raziel to stop Kain and his army.

The game was going to be an original IP called Shifter but it was reworked as a Legacy of Kain game.

The game is considered one of the best games of 1999 with the gameplay and dialogue being acclaimed. Some didn't like the cliffhanger ending.

Disney's Stitch: Experiment 626

Disney's Stitch: Experiment 626 is a 2002 third-person shooter platform video game released only for the PlayStation 2 that serves as a prequel to "Lilo & Stitch".

626 can use different guns to attack enemies and go through obstacles on different planets.

626 has been created by Jumba after 621 had negative results. 626 has been collecting DNA to help the 700 series of experiments get started.

The game had mixed to negative reviews.

Superman II

Superman II is a 1980 superhero movie and a sequel to 1978's "Superman".


People liked the movie, especially Terrence Stamp's portrayal of Zod.

Taiwan Statebuilding Party

The Taiwan Statebuilding Party (TSP) (Traditional Chinese: ; Simplified Chinese: ; abbreviated to or ; Pinyin: Ki-chìn) is a political party in Taiwan. The party was established in 2016 and is considered a close ally of the Democratic Progressive Party.



Pound-Rebka experiment

The Pound-Rebka experiment was an experiment by Robert Pound, and Glen Rebka that was done in 1960. In his general theory of relativity, Albert Einstein predicted that gravitation would influence photons the same way it did massive particles: Photons gain energy when traveling toward a gravitational source (the Earth). The experiment measures the change of frequency of light moving in a gravitational field. In this case, the effect was a blue shift, the energy increased.

Suez (movie)

Suez is a 1938 American romantic drama movie directed by Allan Dwan and starring Tyrone Power, Loretta Young, Annabella, Sidney Blackmer, Nigel Bruce, Henry Stephenson, Sidney Blackmer, Maurice Moscovitch, George Zucco, Brandon Hurst. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1939.


Casper (movie)

Casper is a 1995 ghost comedy movie that is based on the cartoon character. It stars Christina Ricci and Bill Pullman.


The movie had mixed to positive reviews.

The Grudge (2004 movie)

The Grudge is a 2004 horror movie and a remake of the "Ju-On" movies.


The movie had mixed to negative reviews but Gellar's performance was heavily praised.

Community service

Community service is work done by individuals or groups of people, to the benefit of their community. Community service is usually done at little or no pay. It is different from volunteering, as there are situations where it isn't done voluntarily


Sheldon J. Plankton

Sheldon J. Plankton is one of the ten main characters of "SpongeBob SquarePants". He is a planktonic copepod who runs the Chum Bucket restaurant alongside with Karen, a waterproof robot who is Plankton's sidekick and wife.

Plankton debuted in the episode "Plankton!", which aired on July 31, 1999.

He gets a Krabby Patty and runs Mr. Krabs out of business. He went to college.

Homer the Moe

"Homer the Moe" is the 3rd episode of the 13th season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on television on November 18, 2001. In the episode, Moe makes changes to his bar to make it look more modern. Moe's friends do not like the new bar, so his friends start their own bar.

Moe thinks that his bar feels boring. He goes to a university that he used to take classes from and finds one of his old professors. The professor tells Moe to make his bar look more modern. A designer named Formico turns Moe's bar into a post-modern nightclub. Moe now gets more customers than his old bar would.

Homer, Lenny, Carl, and Barney do not like the new changes to Moe's bar. Homer turns his garage into a bar for his friends. Moe sees Homer's bar and tells him that it is illegal to own a bar in a private place. Homer says that his bar is for a hunting club. He gets a law book which says that a hunting club is allowed to serve beverages. Moe does not think that Homer is actually in a hunting club. Homer then says that he will shoot a turkey for Thanksgiving dinner.

Homer tries to find a turkey, but hears a sound made by a cougar. Homer thinks that Moe is the cougar and shoots him on accident. Homer, Moe, and the Simpson family go back to Moe's bar, which was changed back to its old design. The rock band R.E.M. goes to the bar and gives a turkey meal to Moe and the Simpson family.

 Jen Kamerman directed the episode. Dana Gould was the screenwriter of the episode. The episode was shown on television on the Fox network on November 18, 2001. Dana Gould said that George Meyer came up with the idea of Bart digging a hole at the start of the episode. This was an attempt to be similar with John Swartzwelder's type of writing. Meyer also wanted the university Moe went to in the episode to be similar to the school in the television show "The Paper Chase". Moe's old professor would also be similar to the professor from the show.

In one part of the episode, Homer creates a hunting club so that he can sell alcohol without a liquor license. This was based on the time Gould's father started a hunting club to sell alcohol without a license. Homer's bar was going to be the main story of the episode. This was changed when writers got the idea of making the design of Moe's bar post-modern.

The rock band R.E.M. appears as guest stars in the episode. Mike Scully said that R.E.M. were "big fans of the show" and that their appearance was a "fairly last-minute addition". R.E.M. did not want Bill Berry to appear in the episode, so the drummer in the episode was a session drummer. Moe's professor was voiced by Dan Castellaneta, the voice actor for Homer Simpson. Formico was voiced by Hank Azaria.

Jennifer Malkowski of DVD Verdict said that "Homer the Moe" is a "tepid remix of previous "Simpsons" plots". R.L. Shaffer of IGN said that the episode is one of the worst episodes of the show. Colin Jacobsson of DVD Movie Guide thought that the episode's story was too similar to the season 3 episode "Flaming Moe's". However, he says that the episode "works resonably well" and is "one of the year's best episodes." Simon Crerar of "The Times" thought that R.E.M.'s performance in the episode was one of the funniest cameo appearances in the show.


Life-affirming

If something is life-affirming it means it has a positive and healthy attitude towards living. It is the opposite of being "life-denying". To affirm means to agree or to say something is good.

This is also called "Nietzschean affirmation" after the German thinker Friedrich Nietzsche. Nietzsche wrote that a person is life-affirming only if they life the way it is. This means to love their life even when it hurts or isn't comfortable. Nietzsche wrote that the best people will say yes to living, even if they would have to live the exact same life on Earth over and over. He wrote that if anyone truly affirms even just one moment then they affirm everything in life. If someone "has trembled with happiness and sounded like a harp string just once, all eternity was needed to produce this one event—and in this single moment of affirmation all eternity was called good, redeemed, justified, and affirmed." According to Nietzsche, Christians are not life-affirming.


William Sanderson

William Sanderson (born January 10, 1944) is an American actor, known for his work in such feature movies as "Blade Runner" (1982) and in such television series as "Newhart" (1982–1990), "Deadwood" (2004–2006, ), and "True Blood" (2008–2010, 2012).


Karen Plankton

Karen Plankton is one of the two Central antagonists (alongside SpongeBob SquarePants) of "SpongeBob SquarePants". She is a waterproof supercomputer who lives in the Chum Bucket laboratory. She is Plankton's wife and sidekick to steal the secret formula of the Krabby Patty. Karen's name is based on Hillenburg's wife Karen Hillenburg.

Karen first appeared in the episode "Plankton!" along with Plankton on July 31, 1999. 

Lori Alan

Lori Alan is an American actress and voice actress. She has played a long-running role as Pearl Krabs in "SpongeBob SquarePants". She also voiced Diane Simmons in "Family Guy", the Invisible Woman on "Fantastic Four" and The Boss in the "Metal Gear" series.

FN FAL

The FAL (French: Fusil Automatique Léger, English: Light Automatic Rifle) is a Belgian battle rifle designed by Dieudonné Saive. FN Herstal manufactures it. The FAL was designed from 1947 to 1953, and mass production began since 1953.

In the United Kingdom, the FAL was adopted in 1954 as the L1A1 Self Loading Rifle and is used by commonwealth countries.

In Austria, this weapon is known as "Sturmgewehr 58", often shortened to "StG 58".

Pearl Krabs

Pearl Krabs is one of the ten main characters of "SpongeBob SquarePants". She is a young whale who lives in an anchor with Mr. Krabs. When Pearl grows up, Mr. Krabs wants her to continue the family business by inheriting the Krusty Krab and become the owner. Her family is her father Eugene, her mother Mrs. Krabs, her aunt Eugene's sister, her grandfather Victor, her grandmother Betsy, her great-grandfather Redbeard, her granduncle Alan, her great-grandmother Grandma Krabs, her great-grandaunt Sally, and her great-great-grandfather Great Grandpa Krabs.

Folk Nation

The Folk Nation is an union of street gangs originating in Chicago, established in 1978.

The alliance has since spread throughout the United States, particularly the Midwest region of the United States. They are rivals of the People Nation.

Léo de Almeida Neves

Léo de Almeida Neves (22 March 1932 – 2 November 2020) was a Brazilian politician, economist and lawyer. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1967 to 1969 and again from 1983 to 1987. He was born in Ponta Grossa, Brazil.

De Almeida Neves died on 2 November 2020 at a São Paulo hospital from bowel obstruction, aged 88.

Günther Pfaff

Günther Pfaff (12 August 1939 – 10 November 2020) was an Austrian sprint canoeist. He competed from the mid-1960s to the mid-1970s. He was in four Summer Olympics, he won a bronze in the K-2 1000 m event at Mexico City in 1968.

Pfaff also won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships. He was born in Vienna.

Pfaff died on 10 November 2020 in Vienna, aged 81.

Boris Gurevich

Boris Gurevich may refer to:


Boris Gurevich (wrestler, born 1931)

Boris Maksimovich Gurevich (; 23 March 1931 – 10 January 1995) was a Soviet wrestler. He won gold medals at the 1952 Olympics, the 1953 world championships, and the 1958 world championships.

Gurevich first trained in gymnastics and later took up wrestling in 1948. 

After retiring from competitions he coached wrestlers in Moscow.

Boris Gurevich (wrestler, born 1937)

Boris Mikhaylovich Gurevich (also Gurevitch, Gurewitsch, or Hurevych; February 23, 1937 – November 12, 2020) was a Soviet wrestler. He was born in Kiev, Ukraine. Gurevich won the 1968 Summer Olympic Games freestyle middleweight (191.5 lbs; 82 kilograms) gold medal in Mexico City. 

Edmund Jagiełło

Edmund Jagiełło (14 November 1946 – 11 November 2020) was a Polish politician and physician. He was a member of the Sejm from 1989 to 1991. He later was a Senator from 1991 to 1993. He was a member of the Polish United Workers' Party.

Jagiełło died on 11 November 2020 in Warsaw, aged 73.

Andrew White (saxophonist)

Andrew White (September 6, 1942 – November 11, 2020) was an American jazz and R&B multi-instrumentalist, musicologist and publisher. He played the saxophone, oboe and bass guitar. He was born in Washington, D.C. He taught at the music and works of musician John Coltrane. 

As a musicologist, White published many musicological offerings through his music publishing firm, Andrew’s Music, including "The Works of John Coltrane, Vols. 1 though 14: 701 transcriptions of John Coltrane’s Improvisations".

White died in Silver Spring, Maryland on November 11, 2020 at the age of 78.


Wolfgang Engelmann

Wolfgang Engelmann (27 June 1942 – 12 November 2020) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU). Engelmann was a member of the Bundestag from 1990 to 1998. Engelmann was born in Oelsnitz, then-East Germany.

Engelmann died on 12 November 2020 at the age of 78.

Walter J. Gex III

Walter J. Gex III (March 29, 1939 – November 12, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi from 1986 until his death. He was nominated by President Ronald Reagan. Gex was born in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi.

Gex died on November 12, 2020 at his home in Diamondhead, Mississippi at the age of 81.

Diamondhead, Mississippi

Diamondhead is a city in southeastern Hancock County, Mississippi, United States. The city is located just over northeast of New Orleans, Louisiana. At the time of the 2020 census, the population was 9,529.

Kanybek Isakov

Kanybek Abdouvassitovitch Isakov (, 4 June 1969 – 12 November 2020) was a Kyrgyz politician and academic. He was born in Jangy-Nookat, Kyrgyzstan. He was the Minister of Education and Science from 2019 to 2020 during the Kubatbek Boronov cabinet. He was kicked out of office due to the 2020 Kyrgyzstani protests. From 2011 to 2019, he was the Rector of Osh State University.

Isakov died of COVID-19 on 12 November 2020 in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan at the age of 51.

Tibor Méray

Tibor Méray (6 April 1924 – 12 November 2020) was a Hungarian journalist and writer. He worked for many newspapers such as for "Szabad Nép" and "Csillag". He was a war correspondent for "Szabad Nép" during the Korean War.

He co-wrote the 1969 comedy spy novel "Catch Me a Spy", which was later made into a 1971 movie "To Catch a Spy" starring Kirk Douglas.

Méray died on 12 November 2020 in Paris at the age of 96.


Dave Quall

David Spencer Quall (January 26, 1936 – November 12, 2020) was an American politician. He was a Democratic member of the Washington House of Representatives from the 40th district from 1993 to 2011. He was born in Bellingham, Washington.

Quall died on November 12, 2020 at the age of 84.


Neilia Hunter Biden

Neilia Hunter Biden (July 28, 1942 – December 18, 1972) was an American teacher. She was the first wife of President Joe Biden. 

She died in a car crash in 1972 with her infant daughter, Naomi. Her two sons, Beau and Hunter, were badly injured but survived.

A park in a suburban area of unincorporated New Castle County, Delaware, outside the city of Wilmington, Neilia Hunter Biden Park, is dedicated in her memory.

Skaneateles (town), New York

Skaneateles ( , ) is a town in Onondaga County, New York, United States. The population was 7,112 at the 2020 census.

Skaneateles (village), New York

Skaneateles ( , ) is a village in the town of Skaneateles, in Onondaga County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, the village had a population of 2,533 residents.

Ashley Biden

Ashley Blazer Biden (born June 8, 1981) is an American social worker, activist, philanthropist, and fashion designer. She served as the executive director of the Delaware Center for Justice from 2014 to 2019. Biden also worked in the Delaware Department of Services for Children, Youth, and Their Families.

Ashley Blazer Biden was born on June 8, 1981, in Wilmington, Delaware to then U.S. Senator Joe Biden and Jill Biden. She is the half-sister of Beau Biden, Hunter Biden, and Naomi Biden, from her father's first marriage to Neilia Hunter Biden.

Biden is a great-great-granddaughter of Edward Francis Blewitt. She is of English, French, and Irish descent on her father's side and English, Scottish, and Italian descent on her mother's side. 

Biden was raised Catholic and was baptized in Greenville, Delaware. During her childhood, her father served in the United States Senate from Delaware and her mother worked as an teacher.

Biden attended Wilmington Friends School, a private school run by the Religious Society of Friends in Wilmington. She was on her school's lacrosse and field hockey teams. When she was in elementary school, she discovered cosmetics products on animals. She wrote a letter to the company asking them to change their policy on animal testing. 

Biden studied cultural anthropology at Tulane University. During her freshman year of college, she worked at Girls Incorporated as a camp counselor. She also worked as a intern at a summer program at Georgetown University, working with youth from Anacostia. After college, Biden worked as a waitress at a pizza shop in Wilmington for a few months before starting her career in social work. 

She moved to Kensington, Philadelphia and started a job as a clinical support specialist at the Northwestern Human Services Children's Reach Clinic, helping children and their families with getting resources and working directly with psychiatrists and therapists. 

She earned a master's of social work degree from the University of Pennsylvania School of Social Policy and Practice in 2010. She was one of twelve graduates who received the John Hope Franklin combating American Racism Award.

Biden works as a social justice activist and social worker. She worked as a social worker in the Delaware Department of Services for Children, Youth, and Their Families for fifteen years. While working for the department, Biden created programs for youth focusing on juvenile justice, foster care, and mental health. In 2012, she joined the Delaware Center for Justice as an associate director, focusing on criminal justice reform in the state.

She founded the YoungArt program that provides resources for students to create artwork while they are detained in detention facilities, and then sells the art in the community. Through the program, Biden also teaches the students business and financial literacy skills.

In 2017, Biden launched the Livelihood Collection, a fashion clothing brand, at Spring Place in TriBeCa during New York Fashion Week. The launch event was attended by Biden's parents and celebrities including Olivia Palermo and Christian Siriano. The brand grouped with Gilt Groupe and Aubrey Plaza to raise $30,000 for the Delaware Community Foundation. Livelihood's logo was inspired by her half-brother Beau Biden, who died of brain cancer in 2015. 

Biden created the brand to help combat income inequality and racial inequality in the United States. She decided to design hoodies due to their connection to the Labor Movement to help towards social justice movements. The brand's website gives information about civic engagement and economic justice.

In June 2020, Biden designed the uniforms for the staff at the Hamilton Hotel in Washington, D.C., as an offshoot of her Livelihood Collection

In 2010, she began dating Howard Krein, a plastic surgeon after being introduced by her eldest brother, Beau. They got married at St. Joseph's on the Brandywine in 2012.

Edward Francis Blewitt

Edward Francis Blewitt (January 2, 1859 May 26, 1926) was an American civil engineer, businessman, and politician. He was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 22nd district from 1907 to 1910.

He was a maternal great-grandfather of Joe Biden, the President of the United States.

Aldo Tambellini

Aldo Tambellini (April 29, 1930 – November 12, 2020) was an Italian-American artist. He was known for his works on electronic intermedia. He was a painter, sculptor, and poet. Most of his works were known as avant-garde. Tambellini was born in Syracuse, New York.

Tambellini died on November 12, 2020 at a hospital in Cambridge, Massachusetts from surgery-related problems, aged 90.



Sakata Tōjūrō IV

He performed both male and female roles, and was renowned as both a skilled "wagotoshi" (actor of male roles in the "wagoto" tradition) and "onnagata" (actor of female roles). He was the fourth in the line of Sakata Tōjūrō. 

Tōjūrō died on 12 November 2020 at the age of 88.

Howie Winter

Howard Thomas Winter (March 17, 1929 – November 12, 2020) was an American mobster. He was a leader of the Winter Hill Gang. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was active from 1965 to 1979 when he went to jail for extortion. He was released in 1987. He was arrested again in 1993 after dealing cocaine. He was released in 2003.

Winter died on November 12, 2020 in Millbury, Massachusetts from a heart attack, aged 91.

Adolfo Bolea

Adolfo Bolea Sanz (24 March 1933 – 14 November 2020) was a Spanish football forward and manager. He spent most of his career playing and managing with Cádiz. He played 309 games and scored 115 goals in Segunda División.

Peter Florjančič

Peter Florjančič (5 March 1919 – 14 November 2020) was a Slovenian inventor and Olympic athlete. He competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics. He invented a perfume atomiser, plastic injection molding machines, and the plastic photographic slide frame.

Florjančič died on 14 November 2020 at the age of 101.

Max Gros-Louis

Magella Gros-Louis known as Max Gros-Louis or Oné Onti (August 6, 1931 – November 14, 2020) was a Canadian politician and businessman. He was Grand Chief of the Huron-Wendat First Nation from 1964 to 1984, 1994 to 1996 and from 2004 to 2008. Some of his works were focused on raising awareness of the First Nations People in Canada. Gros-Louis was born in Wendake, Quebec.

Gros-Louis died on November 14, 2020 in Quebec City, aged 89.

Hasan Muratović

Hasan Muratović (11 April 1940 – 14 November 2020) was a Bosnian politician, entrepreneur and professor. He was the 4th and last Prime Minister of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 30 January 1996 to 3 January 1997.

Muratović died on 14 November 2020, in Sarajevo from COVID-19 during its pandemic in Bosnia and Herzegovina at the age of 80.

Vidin Apostolov

Viden Apostolov (; 17 October 1941 – 13 November 2020) was a Bulgarian football defender. He played for Bulgaria in the 1966 FIFA World Cup.

Rik Boel

Henri "Rik" Joseph Boel (5 September 1931 – 13 November 2020) was a Belgian politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Belgian Socialist Party. He was born in Tienen, Belgium. Boel was Minister of the Interior from 1977 to 1979. He was also a judge on the Constitutional Court from 1986 to 2001.

Boel died on 13 November 2020 in Tienen at the age of 89.

Terry Duerod

Terry Duerod (July 29, 1956 – November 13, 2020) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Royal Oak, Michigan. In 1981, he was a NBA champion. 

From 1979 to 1980, he played for the Detroit Pistons. In 1980, he played for the Dallas Mavericks. From 1980 to 1982, he played for the Boston Celtics. In 1982, Duerod played for the Golden State Warriors. 

Duerod died on November 13, 2020 in Detroit, Michigan from leukemia at the age of 84.


József Halzl

József Halzl (19 December 1933 – 13 November 2020) was a Hungarian businessman and mechanical engineer. He was born in Győr, Hungary. He was the co-founder of the Hungarian Democratic Forum. He was an Honorary Life Chairman of the Rákóczi Association. He chaired the association from 1990 to 2018.

Halzl died in Budapest on 13 November 2020, aged 86.

Paul Hornung

Paul Vernon Hornung (December 23, 1935 – November 13, 2020), nicknamed The Golden Boy, was a professional American football player and a Hall of Fame running back for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL) from 1957 to 1966. He was an offseason player with the New Orleans Saints in 1967.

He won the Heisman Trophy in 1956 and the Super Bowl in 1966. In 1986, he was honored in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky. 

Hornung died on November 13, 2020 in Louisville from dementia-related problems, aged 84.

Attila Horváth

Attila Horváth (28 July 1967 – 13 November 2020) was a Hungarian discus thrower. He represented Hungary at two Summer Olympics (1992 and 1996). His personal best was 68.58 metres, thrown on 24 June 1994 in Budapest. He was a nine-time national champion in the men's discus event, including eight in a row (1990–1997). He was born in Kőszeg, Hungary.

Horváth died on 13 November 2020 from COVID-19 in Szombathely, Hungary at the age of 53.

Halina Kwiatkowska

Halina Kwiatkowska (born Helena Królikiewiczówna; 25 April 1921 – 12 November 2020) was a Polish actress and educator. She was born in Bochnia, Poland. She was known for her roles as Katarzyna Staniewiczowa in "Ashes and Diamonds" (1958), Krzeszowska in "The Doll" (1968) and as Zofia in "And Along Come Tourists" (2007).

Kwiatkowska died on 13 November 2020 in Konstancin-Jeziorna, Poland at the age of 99.

Alfred Muller

Alfred Muller (23 December 1940 – 13 November 2020), was a French politician. He was a member of the National Assembly of France from 1993 to 1997. He also was the Mayor of Schiltigheim from 1977 to 2008. He was born in Strasbourg, France. He was a member of the Socialist Party.

Muller died on 13 November 2020 at the age of 79.

Chromosome 21

Chromosome 21 is one of the 23 pairs of human chromosomes. It has 48 million base pairs (the building material of DNA). This is about 1.5 percent of the total DNA in cells. Chromosome 21 is the smallest human autosome (non-sex chromosome).

There are two copies of chromosome 21 in most people. Anyone with three copies of chromosome 21 has Down syndrome, also known as trisomy 21. 

In May 2000, researchers working on the Human Genome Project announced that the sequence of base pairs which make up this chromosome had been identified. Chromosome 21 was the second human chromosome to be completely sequenced. Chromosome 22 was the first.

Jean-Pierre Chevènement

Jean-Pierre Chevènement (; born 9 March 1939) is a French politician. He was a minister in the 1980s and 1990s. He is best known for his candidacy in the 2002 French presidential election. 

He was mayor of Belfort. He was elected to the Senate for the Territoire de Belfort in 2008. He is a co-founder of the PS and founder of the Republican and Citizen Movement (MRC).

Louis Rostollan

Louis Rostollan (1 January 1936 – 13 November 2020) was a French professional road bicycle racer. He was a professional from 1958 until 1967, winning the Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré in 1958 and the Tour de Romandie in 1960 and 1961. He was born in Château-Gombert, Marseilles, France,

Rostollan died on 13 November 2020 of lung disease in Château-Gombert at the age of 84.

Kićo Slabinac

Krunoslav "Kićo" Slabinac (28 March 1944 – 13 November 2020) was a Croatian pop rock singer-songwriter and musician. He was born in Osijek, Independent State of Croatia. His career began in the 1960s. His best known work was the 1971 hit single "Tvoj dječak je tužan". He performed it at that year's Eurovision Song Contest.

Slabinac died on 13 November 2020 in Zagreb from a long-illness, aged 76.

Vladimír Székely

Dr. Vladimír Székely (January 11, 1941 – November 13, 2020) was a Hungarian electrical engineer. He was professor emeritus at the Budapest University of Technology and Economics. In 2010, he became a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. 

He published research results in 360 peer-reviewed papers listed in Web of Science. He was best known for his works relating to the electro-thermal phenomena simulation and test.

Székely died on November 13, 2020 in Budapest at the age of 79.

Hungarian Academy of Sciences

The Hungarian Academy of Sciences ( (MTA)) is the most important and prestigious learned society of Hungary. Its seat is at the bank of the Danube in Budapest, between Széchenyi rakpart and Akadémia utca. 

Its main responsibilities are to support and grow science, scientific findings, supporting research and development and representing Hungarian science domestically and around the world. There are over 1,300 members.

John Meurig Thomas

Sir John Meurig Thomas or JMT (15 December 1932 – 13 November 2020) was a Welsh scientist, educator, university administrator, and historian. He was known for his work on heterogeneous catalysis, solid-state chemistry, and surface and materials science.

From 1986 to 1991, he was Director of the Royal Institution. In 2016, he was awarded the Royal Medal. Thomas was born in Carmarthenshire, Wales.

Thomas died on 13 November 2020 at the age of 87.

Carmarthenshire

Carmarthenshire (; ; or informally "") is a unitary authority in southwest Wales, and one of the historic counties of Wales. The largest town in Carmarthenshire is Carmarthen, a market town with a population of 14,000. The area has many farms, and the land is very rural and has many hills. There are many towns, such as Llanelli and Ammanford.

Walter Eichner

Walter Eichner (6 May 1950 – 13 November 2020) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria. Eichner was born in Finning, Bavaria. He was the Chief Administrative Officer of the Landsberg district between 2002 to 2014.

Eichner died on 13 November 2020 in Landsberg am Lech, Bavaria at the age of 70.

Landsberg am Lech

Landsberg am Lech (Landsberg at the Lech) is a town in southwest Bavaria, Germany, about 65 kilometers west of Munich and 35 kilometers south of Augsburg. It is the capital of the district of Landsberg am Lech.

Landsberg is on the Romantic Road and is the center of the Lechrain region, the boundary region between Swabia and Bavaria. It is noted for its historic center.


Landsberg am Lech is twinned with:

Landsberg is home to the following sports clubs:


Norman Taylor (basketball)

Norman Taylor (1965 – November 15, 2020) was an American-born Australian basketball player. He played three seasons in the Australian National Basketball League (NBL) for the Illawarra Hawks from 1989 to 1991. He played center for the Hawks at 6'7". Taylor was born in New York City. He was undrafted (not picked by any team) during the 1988 NBA draft.

Taylor died on November 15, 2020 from a heart attack in Wollongong, New South Wales at the age of 55.

Chandrawati

Chandrawati (8 January 1928 – 15 November 2020) was an Indian politician. She was the first woman member of Haryana Vidhan Sabha and also the first woman member of parliament from Haryana, where she served from 1977 to 1979. She was Lieutenant Governor of Puducherry from 19 February 1990 to 18 December 1990. She was a member of the Janata Party.

Chandrawati died of COVID-19 at a hospital in Rohtak, Haryana on 15 November 2020 at the age of 92.

Rohtak

Rohtak () is a city and the administrative headquarters of the Rohtak district in the Indian state of Haryana. It lies north-west of New Delhi and south of the state capital Chandigarh.

Sterlington, Louisiana

Sterlington is a town in northern Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, United States, near the boundary with Union Parish. At the 2020 census, the population was 1,980.

Harry Holman (footballer)

Harold William Holman (16 November 1957 – 6 November 2020) was an English professional footballer. He played as a forward for Exeter City and Peterborough United in the Football League. His career lasted from 1976 to 1979. He was born in Exeter, England.

Holman died on 6 November 2020, just ten days before his 63rd birthday.

Harry Holman

Harry James Holman (March 15, 1862 – May 3, 1947) was an American character actor. He appeared in over 130 movies. His best known roles were as Grimwig in "Oliver Twist" (1933), the mayor in "Meet John Doe" (1941) and as the high school teacher Mr. Partridge in "It's a Wonderful Life" (1946)".

Holman died of a heart attack on May 3, 1947 in Hollywood, California at the age of 85.

Conway, Missouri

Conway is a city in Laclede County, Missouri, United States. The population was 729 at the 2020 census. Conway is located southwest of Lebanon.

Paul Rodriguez (actor)

Paul Rodriguez Sr. (born January 19, 1955) is a Mexican-American actor, comedian, singer and rapper.

He is known for his movie and television roles in "Blood Work", "D.C. Cab", "Born in East L.A.", "Tortilla Soup", "Rat Race", "Ali", "King of the Hill", "Dora the Explorer", and "Beverly Hills Chihuahua". 

Rodriguez was born in Culiacan, Sinaloa. His family later migrated to Compton, California.

He is a well known Republican having supported the presidential campaigns of Mitt Romney and Donald Trump.

Richard Kosolapov

Richard Ivanovich Kosolapov (; 25 March 1930 – 15 November 2020) was a Soviet Russian scientist, author, social philosopher and journalist. He was born in Novonikolaevskaya, Volgograd Oblast. He was a Professor at the Moscow State University (MSU).

Starting in 1974, he became the First Deputy Chief Editor of "Pravda", and in 1976 became the Editor-in-Chief of the "Kommunist", a post which he held until 1986. During his time at "Kommunist", he was twice elected to the Central Committee of the CPSU, in 1976 and 1981.

Kosolapov died on 15 November 2020 in Moscow at the age of 90.

Mohammad Ali (Bangladeshi politician)

Mohammad Ali ( – 13 November 2020) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was a Member of Parliament of Cox's Bazar-4 from 1996 to 2001. Ali was a member of the Awami League.

Ali died on 13 November 2020 at a hospital in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh at the age of 76.

Ravi Belagere

Ravi Belagere (15 March 1958 – 13 November 2020) was an Indian writer and journalist. He was born in Ballari, Karnataka. He was the editor of Kannada language tabloid "Hai Bangalore" and the magazine "O Manase".

Belagere died on 13 November 2020 in Bangalore from a heart attack, aged 62.

Bellary

Bellary, officially Ballari, in the eponymous Bellary district, is a major city in the state of Karnataka,Bharat, India. It is from the state capital of Bangaluru and from Hyderabad. Bellary has an urban population of 4,10,445 and metro population of 7,70,929.

Brown River tree frog

The Brown River tree frog ("Litoria vocivincens") is a frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives not far from the ocean. Scientists saw as high in the hills as 1000 meters above sea level.

Avenue

The word “Avenue” has a similar meaning with the word “street” except that “Avenue” is most times used to describe a longer and bigger street.

Primordial black hole

In cosmology, primordial black holes (PBHs) are black holes that we think might exist in the Universe today. These black holes might have been created just after the Big Bang.

Immediately after the Big Bang, when the Universe was still getting bigger, the universe was an extreme place full of subatomic particles and lots of energy. Inside this extreme place, there were places where matter was very denser than the matter around it. In these places, gravity caused these places to collapse. This gravitational collapse would have created primordial black holes. These black holes are not created when very massive stars die like with stellar black holes but we're created in the early universe.

The idea of primordial black holes was first introduced by Yakov Borisovich Zel'dovich and Igor Dmitriyevich Novikov in 1966. But, it was the Stephen Hawking who studied these interesting objects even more in 1971. Whether or not primordial black holes are real is still being talked about by scientists.

In September 2022, researchers gave an idea that primordial black holes might be the reason for the very massive early galaxies found by the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST). Another interesting idea is that primordial black holes could be dark matter though we don't know if this is true.

Neopronoun

Neopronouns are new words used as third-person pronoun, used in place of he, she, it, one pronoun and singular they. Neopronouns are 
neologisms (new language) used by some non-binary people. The 2021 Gender Census of non-binary people found that the most common neopronoun was xe/xem. Another example of neopronouns are thon/thons.

Neopronouns that are based on nouns are called nounself pronouns, such as fae/faer, moss/mossself, bun/bunself, moth/mothself, and rot/rotself. Spivak pronouns are based on they/them, such as ey/em and ae/aer.

Handover of Hong Kong

The handover of Hong Kong, or the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong (also called "the Handover" or "the Return" in mainland China) was when the country that controlled Hong Kong was changed from the United Kingdom to China. The handover happened on 1 July 1997. Before this day, British Hong Kong was controlled by the United Kingdom as a colony and a British Dependent Territory. After the handover, Hong Kong became a special administrative region (SAR) of China.

The handover was the end of British control of Hong Kong. They governed over it for 156 years. Because the number of people living in Hong Kong was 6.5 million in 1997, it was the majority of people (97%) living in all British Dependent Territories. Some people think that the handover was the end of the British Empire.

The United Kingdom controlled many parts of India by the 1830s. Their goal in this land was to grow cotton so that they didn't have to buy so much from the United States. They were not able to grow cotton, but they found out that they could grow poppies in India and turn them into opium. The British smuggled opium into China so that they could buy tea. This was one of the reasons the Opium Wars happened, when Britain and China fought with each other. After the Opium Wars, the two countries signed three different treaties with the Qing Empire, who controlled China at the time.

Britain was given the power to control the land of Hong Kong in these treaties:

Even though the British did not control the New Territories forever, this part of Hong Kong was developed as quickly as the other parts of Hong Kong. Because there was not enough land and natural resources in Hong Kong Island and Kowloon, a lot of infrastructure was also built in the New Territories. When Britain and China began talking about what would happen to Hong Kong after 1997, many people thought it was very hard to separate the New Territories and the rest of Hong Kong and only give the New Territories back to China.


Witold Sadowy

Witold Sadowy (7 January 1920 – 15 November 2020) was a Polish actor, publicist and columnist. He was a columnist of the "Gazeta Wyborcza" daily and "Życie na gorąco" magazine. He was born in Warsaw.

He made his theatre debut in 1945. His best known roles were in "Zakazane piosenki" and "Bad Luck".

In January 2020, at the age of 100, he publicly came out as gay. 

Sadowy died on 15 November 2020 in Konstancin-Jeziorna, Poland at the age of 100.

Victor Popa

Victor Popa (15 April 1949 – 15 November 2020) was a Moldovan politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Moldova from 2010 until 2013. He left office when he was named a Justice of the Constitutional Court of the Republic of Moldova.

Popa died on 15 November 2020 at the age of 71.


Kereta Api Indonesia

Kereta Api Indonesia (or KAI) is a railway company in indonesia. Began operation in 1945 from former railway ompanies like Statspoorwegen,NIS,and others. The company starts with name-brand DKA (Djawatan Kereta Api),Later PJKA ,PT.Kereta Api and PT.KAI.

Snow in Florida

The U.S. state Florida does not get snow very often. Most of the time, major cities in Florida do not get snowfall that can be measured. Some areas in the far north are able to get snow more often. The National Weather Service says that the Florida Keys and Key West have not gotten a snow flurry in more than 300 years. In Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and Palm Beach, only one snow flurry was recorded. This happened in January 1977. Miami, Fort Lauderdale, or Palm Beach have not had a snow flurry before or after that.

Florida's climate is low latitude and subtropical. Temperatures that are cold enough to have snowfall do not happen long. Frost is more likely to happen than snow because it needs a temperature of 32°F or 0°C, less than 2 m or 7 ft above sea level, no clouds in the sky, and a relative humidity of 65% or more. For snow to happen in Florida, a polar jet stream must go south through Texas and the Gulf of Mexico. A cold front has to stop around the south part of Florida and curve northeast to add very cold air into clouds.

The earliest known time Florida got snow was in 1774. People in Florida thought it was "extraordinary white rain." The first White Christmas in the northeast part of Florida was on December 23, 1989.

Basilica of Our Lady of Licheń

The Basilica of Our Lady of Licheń is a Roman Catholic church located at the Shrine of Our Lady of Sorrows, Queen of Poland, in the village of Licheń Stary near Konin in the Greater Poland Voivodeship in Poland. 

It was designed by Barbara Bielecka and built between 1994 and 2004. The construction was funded by pilgrims' donations. With a tower measuring 141.5 meters in height, it is one of the tallest and largest churches in the world.

Lawrence LeShan

Lawrence LeShan (September 8, 1920 – November 9, 2020) was an American psychologist, educator and the author. He was best known for writing the best-selling "How to Meditate" (1974) a practical guide to meditation. He wrote about 75 articles in the professional literature and thirteen books about psychotherapy, war, cancer treatment, and mysticism. 

LeShan was born in New York City. He died on November 9, 2020 died at the age of 100.

Yairus Gwijangge

Yairus Gwijangge (31 December 1968 – 15 November 2020) was an Indonesian politician. He was born in Mapenduma, Papua, Indonesia. Gwijiangge was the Regent of Nduga from 2011 to 2016 and again from 2017 until his death.

Gwijangge died on 15 November 2020 at a hospital in Jakarta, aged 51.

Walid Muallem

Walid Mohi Edine al Muallem (; 13 January 1941 – 16 November 2020) was a Syrian politician. He was a member of the Ba'ath Party. He was Foreign Minister from 2006 to 2020 and as Deputy Prime Minister from 2012 to 2020. Muallem was born in Damascus, Syria.

Muallem died on 16 November 2020 in Damascus from heart disease at the age of 79.

Carlos Amadeu

Carlos Amadeu Nascimento Lemos (6 September 1965 – 15 November 2020), known as Carlos Amadeu, was a Brazilian footballer and manager. He played as a left back. He was born in Salvador, Bahia.

Amadeu joined Bahia's youth setup in 1983. In 1987, after two seasons as a senior, Amadeu moved to Galícia. 

On 15 November 2020, Amadeu was found dead in Riyadh after having a heart attack at the age of 55.

Michèle Flournoy

Michèle Angélique Flournoy (born December 14, 1960) is an American politician and businesswoman. He was Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy under President Bill Clinton and Under Secretary of Defense for Policy under President Barack Obama.

He was a principal advisor to U.S. Secretaries of Defense Robert Gates and Leon Panetta from February 2009 to February 2012.

During her tenure in the Clinton administration, Flournoy was the author of the May 1997 Quadrennial Defense Review (QDR).

Gabber

Gabber is a style of Dutch electronic dance music. It is similar to hardstyle although is actually a subgenre hardcore techno and Belgian New Beat music. It was created in Amsterdam and Rotterdam in the 1990s.

International Art Society &amp; Academy

The International Art Society & Academy ("International Art Society and Academy, Διεθνής Εταιρεία Τέχνης και Ακαδημία") is an art association founded in 2007 by a Greek classical guitarist and composer Yorgos Foudoulis. The Society is in Volos, Greece.

Every year the society organizes international art competitions (Interartia, Ithagenia, World Award, World Book Award, Artist of the Year, World Poetry Competition "Manolis Aligizakis") dominantly in various fields of music, but also in poetry, plastic arts and other forms of artistic expression. 

Since its start the society awarded and collaborated famous and notable artists like Martha Argerich (the winner of the Japanese Premium Imperiale and 3 Grammy awards), Éric Pénicaud, Nobuyuki Tsujii, The Quartetto di Cremona, Peter Bence (Guinness World Record-breaking pianist with "the fastest fingers on the planet"), Fraguial Francisco Guilherme de Almeida Jesus, Alondra de la Parra (the current Music Director of the Queensland Symphony Orchestra), Marco Minnemann, Tolgahan Çoğulu, Sungha Jung, Silesian Guitar Octet and many others. 
Within the society also is active the International Art Academy which is an examination board based on UK and US models (an international nonprofit training, education, and certifying organization) only for arts. Many well known artists serves as members, mentors or (honorary) professors like Małgorzata Chodakowska (sculpture), Tolgahan Çoğulu, Marios Joannou Elia, Dario Cebić, Pero Šiša, Thelxis Theohari (Θέλξη Θεοχάρη, the author of a number of the public monuments in Greece), Melissa Studdard (an author, the winner of a Forward National Literature Award and Pinnacle Book Achievement Award), Dimitris P. Kraniotis, Candice James (the poet laureate of New Westminster, British Columbia), Robert Hagan (a painter and the host of the Discovery HD/Discovery television show Splash of Color), Miran Vaupotich and others.
Yorgos Foudoulis is the president of the International Examination Center of the International Art Academy and the director of the Examination Center of Trinity College London.

In addition to these competitions, the International Academy of Arts, with the support of the Directorate for Organizational and Academic Development of the Greek Ministry of Education, traditionally organizes the World Poetry Competition 'K.P.Kavafis'. 

The International Examination Center at the International Art Academy in Volos acts under the legal framework of Examinations Boards, but all the certificates and substantial (earned) academic degrees in arts are currently issued in an honorary form in order to align itself to the present legal limitations in Greece (despite the fact that IAA is not the university or college "per se"). According to the State Constitution of Greece, "education at the university level must be provided exclusively by institutions which are fully self-governed Public law legal bodies".

In cooperation with the Foudoulis Conservatory, the World Guitar Festival Volos, World Guitar Orchestra Volos and World Guitar Center organize the World Composition Competition 'KITHARA' with an emphasis on guitar (solo guitar, musical ensembles, guitar ensembles, orchestras, etc.).

Book of the Consulate of the Sea

The Book of the Consulate of the Sea or Book of the Consulate of Sea is a 15th-century maritime commercial law treaty. Is a compendium of maritime law that governed trade in the Mediterranean for centuries. Of Catalan origin, it was translated into many languages and served as the basis for current international maritime law.i

The text serves as disclosure of the practice in the sea, commenting on the uses and customs as a manual. Considered an excellent primary source on the customs of the time, it collects a lot of information on the legal systems of the time in Europe. The"editio princeps" is in the Catalan language, and was printed in Barcelona in 1484, reprinted again ten years later. The first Italian translation is of 1519, it is the work of Antonio Blado and the second at Venice by Giovanni Battista Pederzano (1549), and then by Francesco Lorenzini (1564). If there are more than twenty editions in Italian and others in English, French, German, Dutch, and Spanish.

According to Chiner and Chacon, the Ordinances of the Ribera (i.e. seaside) (" Ordianationis Ripairiœ "), written in 1258, did not yet encode the maritime customs of Barcelona, and that the first reference to "Sea consuls" appears in Barcelona in 1282, just one year before the Consulate of the Sea was created in Valencia. Also note that the consuls of Barcelona had no independence assigned later on in the "Book of the Consulate of the Sea". Customs collected in the book would be in part coming from a Barcelona origin, but many would have been created and consolidated in Valencia, from which have been copied to the subsequently created consulates. According to Arcadi Garcia Sanz, the main difference between the consulates of Barcelona and Valencia would be the fact that the latter had from the start a "royal jurisdiction", and therefore has influenced so strongly in the other consulates in the fifteenth century.




Dorothy Dells

Dorothy Emily Dells (July 16, 1928- April 3, 2020) was born on July 16, 1928 in Medford Oregon. Her career began when she was discovered while working at a drive in restaurant on Sunset Blvd. She was immediately signed for the TV series Have Gun, Will Travel. She went on to gain recognition in many TV shows including 77 Sunset Strip, Rawhide, My 3 Sons, The Richard Boone Show, Hollywood Wife"s and Bachelor Father. She appeared in TV movies as well as in segments of Quincy Jones, Chips and Lou Grant. She costarred in the Chuck Norris film, An Eye For an Eye, Sledge Hammer, Death Warrant and The Beach Boys Summer Dream's.

She died in San Luis Obispo on April 3, 2020. She lived a long and prosperous life and will be remembered fondly by many.

José Luis Espert

José Luis Espert (born November 21, 1961) is an Argentine economist and politician. He believes in liberalism. He was a candidate for the Argentine presidency in the 2019 elections.

Espert was born in Pergamino, Buenos Aires (Argentina). He graduated in economics at the University of Buenos Aires and then got master's degrees from the University of CEMA and the National University of Tucumán.

He writes for several newspapers: La Nación, El Cronista, El País.

In the 2019 elections for the Presidency he received 1.47% of votes. Since 2021, he has been a National Deputy elected in Buenos Aires Province for the Avanza Libertad coalition.

Fluorocarbon

Fluorocarbons are chemical compounds that only contain fluorine and carbon. The terminology isn't strictly followed, many organic compounds are called fluorocarbons. Another name is Perfluorocarbon. Fluorocarbons belong to the group of hydrofluorocarbons. Fluorocarbons are commonly used in insulation, and as cooling agents, called refrigerants. Because they take a long time to decay, they are considered greenhouse gases.

CoffeeScript

CoffeeScript is a programming language that compiles to JavaScript.

Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership

The Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) is a free trade agreement in the Asia-Pacific region between the ten ASEAN states (i.e. Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam) and five of their FTA partners—Australia, Japan, New Zealand, South Korea, and Taiwan. The 15 member countries are responsible for 30% of the world's population and 30% of global GDP, making it the largest trade bloc. 

It was signed at the Vietnam-hosted virtual ASEAN Summit on 15 November 2020. It officially took effect on 1 January 2022.

Anne Covell

Anne Covell (9 August 1950 – 3 November 2020) was a Canadian sprinter. She competed in the women's 400 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Delta, British Columbia.

Covell died on 3 November 2020, aged 70.

Kay Wiestål

Kay-Arne Arvid Wiestål (16 October 1940 – 14 November 2020) was a Swedish footballer and businessman. Wiestål played for Djurgårdens IF and won Allsvenskan in 1966. He later played in the North American Soccer League for Oakland Clippers and St. Louis Stars.

In 1970, he joined Ope IF as playing manager.

Wiestål died on 14 November 2020 from COVID-19, aged 80.

Raúl Eduardo Vela Chiriboga

Raúl Eduardo Vela Chiriboga (1 January 1934 – 15 November 2020) was an Ecuadorean prelate of the Catholic Church. He was the Archbishop of Quito from 2003 to 2010. He was born in Riobamba, Ecuador.

Vela Chiriboga died on 15 November 2020 in Quito at the age of 86.


Shawkat Ali (politician)

Col. (retd.) Shawkat Ali MP (; 27 January 1937 – 16 November 2020) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was deputy speaker of the National Parliament from 2009 to 2014. He was a member of the Awami League. He was a member of parliament from 1979 to 1986 and again from 1991 to 2014. Ali was born in Shariatpur District, Bangladesh.

Ali died on 16 November 2020 at the age of 83.

Jacob M. Landau

Jacob M. Landau (20 March 1924 – 12 November 2020) was a Moldovan-born Israeli political scientist. He was Professor Emeritus in the Department of Political Science (in the field of Middle Eastern Studies) at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. he was born in Chișinău, Moldova. In 2005, he won the Israel Prize.

Landau died on 16 November 2020 in Jerusalem at the age of 96.

Harry van Raaij

Hendrikus Jacobus Maria "Harry" van Raaij (29 August 1936 – 16 November 2020) was a Dutch businessman. He was the chairman of PSV Eindhoven, a Dutch sports club, between 1996 and 2004. Van Raaij was born in Haps, Netherlands. He was a manager at Philips.

Van Raaij died on 16 November 2020 at the age of 84.

Ruthenian Greek Catholic Church

The Ruthenian Greek Catholic Church, also known in the United States as the Byzantine Catholic Church, is an Eastern Catholic church that uses the Byzantine Rite. It is one of the 23 Eastern Catholic churches that are in full communion with the Holy See. There are two main communities within the church: American and European. In the United States, the Byzantine Catholic Metropolitan Church of Pittsburgh is self-governing ("sui iuris").

Gerald Nicholas Dino

Gerald Nicholas Dino (January 11, 1940 – November 14, 2020) was an American prelate of the Ruthenian Catholic Church. He was the bishop of the Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Phoenix from 2008 to 2016. He was born in Binghamton, New York. In 1965, he was made a priest for the Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Passaic. 

On December 6, 2007, Pope Benedict XVI appointed him bishop of the Eparchy of Van Nuys, and on March 27, 2008 he was consecrated a bishop.

On reaching the age of 75, Dino submitted his resignation to Pope Francis.

Dino died on November 14, 2020 at the age of 80.

Schiltigheim

Schiltigheim (, , and sometimes by non-local speakers of French; Alsatian: "Schelige" ; ) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.


Katherine Schwarzenegger

Katherine Eunice Schwarzenegger Pratt (born December 13, 1989) is an American author. She is the oldest child of actor and former Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger and broadcast journalist Maria Shriver.

Her granduncles were President John F. Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy and Ted Kennedy because her grandmother Eunice Kennedy was their sister. 

She started dating actor Chris Pratt in June 2018. Schwarzenegger and Pratt announced their engagement on January 13, 2019. On June 8, 2019, they were married in Montecito, California. 

Lake Stevens, Washington

Lake Stevens is a city in Snohomish County, Washington, United States, and is named for the lake that it surrounds. It is located east of Everett. The city's population was 28,069 at the 2010 census.

Snohomish, Washington

Snohomish is a city in Snohomish County, Washington, United States. The population was 9,098 at the 2010 census. 

Hurricane Iota

Hurricane Iota was a devastating late-season Category 4 Atlantic hurricane which caused severe damage to areas of Central America already devastated by Hurricane Eta just less than two weeks prior. The 31st and final tropical cyclone, 30th named storm, 14th hurricane, and record-tying seventh major hurricane of the record-breaking 2020 Atlantic hurricane season, Iota originated as a tropical wave that moved into the Eastern Caribbean on November 10. Over the next few days, the wave began to become better organized and by November 13, it developed into a tropical depression north of Colombia. The depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Iota six hours later. The storm was initially impacted by some wind shear, but a center relocation and relaxed shear allowed Iota to quickly strengthen into a hurricane on November 15, after which it underwent explosive intensification, peaking at Category 5 with wind speeds of 160 mph (257 km/h), operationally. However, the peak was adjusted down to a 155 mph (249 km/h) high-end Category 4 in post-season analysis. After weakening slightly, Iota made landfall in northeastern Nicaragua as a high-end Category 4 hurricane, becoming the strongest recorded hurricane to make landfall in Nicaragua in November. Iota then rapidly weakened as it moved inland, dissipating on November 18, the storm killed 61 people and 41 were reported missing during the storm

Nduga Regency

Nduga Regency is one of the regencies ("kabupaten") in Papua Province of Indonesia. Nduga Regency was separated from Jayawijaya Regency on 4 January 2008. It covers an area of 12,942 km, and had a population of 79,053 at the 2010 Census. The administrative centre is at Kenyam.

Kenyam

Kenyam is a town and district in Nduga Regency, Papua, Indonesia. It is the capital of the regency. Its population is 8,148.

Papua (province)

Papua is the largest and easternmost province of Indonesia. It is made up of most of Western New Guinea. It is bordered by the state of Papua New Guinea to the east.

According to the 2010 census by Statistics Indonesia, Papua had a population of 2,833,381, the majority of whom are Christians. The province is divided into twenty-eight regencies and one city. Its capital and largest city is Jayapura.

Jayapura

Jayapura is the capital and largest city of the Indonesian province of Papua.

Jayapura is the fourth largest city by economy in Eastern Indonesia—after Makassar, Denpasar, and Manado—with a 2016 GDP at Rp19.48 trillion.

Makassar

Makassar () is the capital of the Indonesian province of South Sulawesi. It is the largest city in the region of Eastern Indonesia and the country's fifth-largest urban center after Jakarta, Surabaya, Bandung, and Medan.

Medan

Medan (; : ) is the capital and largest city of the Indonesian province of North Sumatra. It is one of the four main central cities of Indonesia, alongside Jakarta, Surabaya, and Makassar.

Peace of Riga

The Peace of Riga, or The Treaty of Riga (Polish:"Traktat ryski)", was signed in Riga on March 18 1921 by the Second Polish Republic, Soviet Russia, and Soviet Ukraine and ended the Polish-Soviet War.

The borders between Poland and Russia that were changed by the treaty stayed the same until World War II, when the Soviets took eastern Poland. That was finalized by the Yalta Conference and the Potsdam Conference.

World War I changed the imperial borders of Europe. In 1918, after the Russian Revolution, Russia gave up Poland at the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk. After the war ended by Germany losing. Poland was recreated after over 100 years of being divided by three countries.

The Russian Civil War gave Poland the chance to regain the land that had been controlled by the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth but was taken by Russia in the 18th century. Meanwhile, the Soviet leaders wanted to attack Poland to respond to the leader of Poland, Józef Piłsudski, who had moved into Ukraine. The Soviets saw Poland as a land bridge to Western Europe, which they could cross to expand communism to the West. That started the Polish-Soviet War. A grear victory for Poland happened at the Battle of Warsaw. Both sides were now tired and wanted to end the war. Other victories by Poland placed it under pressure by the League of Nations, which also wanted to end the war after it had taken a lot of land.

Peace talks started in Minsk on August 17, 1920, but since the Poles' counterattack had moved closer, the negotiations moved to Riga and continued on September 21. The Soviets suggested two solutions, one on 21 September and a second on 28 September. The Poles suggested another solution on October 2. Three days later, the Soviets suggested a change to the offer to the Poles, who accepted it. An end to the war was signed on 12 October, and the war actually ended on 18 October 1920. The leading negotiators were, Jan Dąbski from Poland and Adolph Joffe from Soviet Russia. The Soviets did not let the anti-communist Ukrainian leaders be in the negotiations. 

The Soviets' military problems made them give up much of the land that they wanted. However, to many other people, it looked as if Poland had lost the war.

Most of the Polish negotiators were members of the National Democrats, who were Piłsudski's political enemies. They did not want more than a third of the people living in Poland to be ethnic non-Polish and so they agreed to get less land than they could have gotten although many Poles would be left on the Soviet side of the border. The Soviets had been willing to give up even Minsk.

Ljutomer

Ljutomer (; ) is a town in northeastern Slovenia, some 40 km east of Maribor. It is the seat of the Municipality of Ljutomer. It was part of the region of Styria. It is now included in the Mura Statistical Region. The economy of Ljutomer is largely based on grape farming and wine making.

Municipality of Ljutomer

The Municipality of Ljutomer (; ) is a municipality in northeastern Slovenia, some east of Maribor. It was part of the region of Styria. It is now included in the Mura Statistical Region. Its largest settlement and the administrative seat is Ljutomer.

Novo Mesto

Novo Mesto (; ; also known by other alternative names) is the city on a bend of the Krka River in the City Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia. The town is known as the economic and cultural centre of the historical Lower Carniola region.

City Municipality of Novo Mesto

The City Municipality of Novo Mesto (; ) is a municipality in southeastern Slovenia, close to the border with Croatia. The seat of the municipality is the city of Novo Mesto. 

Typhoon Vamco

Typhoon Vamco, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Ulysses, was a powerful Category 4-equivalent typhoon that caused the worst flooding in Metro Manila since Ketsana in 2009. 

The twenty-second named storm and tenth typhoon of the 2020 Pacific typhoon season, Vamco started as a tropical depression northwest of Palau, where it slowly continued its northwest track until it made landfall in Quezon.

The National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council in the Philippines reported 69 validated deaths, with another 12 missing, caused by the typhoon. 

Buffalo Bisons (AHL)

The Buffalo Bisons were an American Hockey League ice hockey franchise that played from 1940 to 1970 in Buffalo, New York. 


Fort Caroline National Memorial

The Fort Caroline National Memorial is located in Jacksonville, Florida, and was attacked by Pedro Menendez and the Spanish from Spain on October 15, 1565.

Pedro Menéndez de Avilés

Pedro Menéndez de Avilés (15 February 1519 – 17 September 1574) was a Spanish explorer who was famous for exploring St. Augustine. That is in Florida, United States today.

Francisco Sagasti

Francisco Rafael Sagasti Hochhausler (born October 10, 1944) is a Peruvian engineer, academic, and politician. He was the 62nd President of Peru from November 16, 2020 to 28 July 2021. 

In March 2020, he was elected as a Member of Congress for the Lima constituency. 

He is a founding member of the Purple Party. 

Following the removal of Martín Vizcarra, President of Congress Manuel Merino became President of Peru after a controvertial express impeachment due to allegations of "moral incapacity" (a 19th century concept for mental incapacity) considered a covert parliamentary coup by many people. After a week of violent repression of the massive protestsMerino resigned as the country's leader and Sagasti was elected by his fellow Congressmen to succeed Merino as president of Congress on the 16th November. The next day Sagasti succeeded him as acting President of Peru. 

Sagasti is scheduled to conclude the presidential term on 28 July 2021. He would be eligible to seek election for a full term, however the Purple Party nominated Julio Guzmán as their candidate for the 2021 Peruvian general election, with Sagasti on the ticket as Second Vice President.

His government coincided with the development of social conflicts such as the agrarian strike in Ica, Piura and La Libertad and Apurímac, which were resolved after the repeal of the so-called "Chlimper Law" that promoted investment in agriculture through meager labor benefits for workers from the field. His government has called itself a “transitional and emergency government”.

Campbell Forsyth

Robert Campbell Forsyth (5 May 1934 – November 2020) was a Scottish footballer. He played as a goalkeeper for St Mirren, Kilmarnock and Southampton. He also made four international appearances for Scotland in 1964.

Forsyth died in November 2020 at the age of 86.

Anya Phillips

Anya Phillips (?, 1953 – June 19, 1981) was part of the 1970s punk rock scene. She was a co-founder of legendary New York nightclub the Mudd Club along with Steve Maas and Diego Cortez. She managed New York-based musician James Chance (aka James White). Phillips helped create the fashion, sound and look of the New York-based no wave scene of the late 1970s. She was born in Taipei, Taiwan. Phillips died of cancer in June 1981 in Valhalla, New York, at the age of 26.

Mudd Club

The Mudd Club was a nightclub in the TriBeCa area of New York City, USA. It was open from 1978 to 1983. It was a place for underground music and counterculture events. It was located at 77 White Street in downtown Manhattan and was opened by Steve Maas, art curator Diego Cortez and downtown punk scene figure Anya Phillips.

The Mudd Club was named after Samuel Alexander Mudd, a doctor who treated John Wilkes Booth after Abraham Lincoln's assassination. It closed in 1983.

To space for the Mudd Club was a loft owned by artist Ross Bleckner. Steve Mass described the future venue as cabaret to get the space from Bleckner. Mass said they started the nightclub on a budget of only $15,000.

The club featured a bar, gender-neutral bathrooms and a gallery. Keith Haring ran the gallery and selected artwork to show on the fourth floor. Live performances included new wave, experimental music, literary icons Allen Ginsberg and William Burroughs, and catwalk exhibitions for new fashion designers Anna Sui and Jasper Conran.

From the start it was an "amazing antidote to the uptown glitz of Studio 54 in the '70s". As it became more frequented by downtown celebrities, a door policy was established and it acquired a chic, often elitist reputation.

Many of Manhattan's up-and-coming cult celebrities went to the Mudd Club. Other people associated with the venue included musicians Lou Reed, Johnny Thunders, David Byrne, Debbie Harry, Arto Lindsay, John Lurie, Nico with Jim Tisdall, Lydia Lunch, X, the Cramps, the B-52's, the Bongos and Judas Priest, artist Jean-Michel Basquiat and his then-girlfriend Madonna; performers Klaus Nomi and John Sex; designers Betsey Johnson, Maripol and Marisol; and underground filmmakers Amos Poe; Vincent Gallo, Kathy Acker, and Glenn O'Brien.

Live music at the club featured New York no wave bands like DNA, Nona Hendryx's Zero Cool, the Contortions, and Basquiat's band Gray. In 1979, Talking Heads performed songs from their new album "Fear of Music". Tim Page produced several concerts at the Mudd Club in 1981, in an attempt to meld contemporary classical music with rock and pop. On the dance floor, DJs David Azarch, Anita Sarko and Johnny Dynell played a mix of punk, funk and curiosities.

Six months after it opened, the Mudd Club was cited in "People Magazine": "New York’s fly-by-night crowd of punks, posers and the ultra-hip has discovered new turf on which to flaunt its manic chic. It is the Mudd Club... For sheer kinkiness, there has been nothing like it since the cabaret scene in 1920s Berlin".

After its first few years, Studio 54 celebrities like Andy Warhol, Grace Jones and David Bowie began to go there. In 1981, the Mudd Club's Steve Mass began going to the more informal Club 57 on St. Mark's Place. He began hiring people from the Club 57 crowd (including Haring).

Mudd Club entry tickets, white with black print, are extremely rare. 
The Mudd Club closed in 1983. It had just become a regular club and was not so special anymore.

The band Talking Heads mentioned the club in their 1979 song "Life During Wartime". The Ramones included it in their 1980 song "The Return of Jackie and Judy". Nina Hagen mentioned it in her 1983 song "New York / N.Y.". Elliott Murphy sang about it in his 1983 song "Off the Shelf". Frank Zappa named a song for the club on his album "You Are What You Is".

Mass opened another Mudd Club in Berlin in 2001. It was at located at Grosse Hamburger Strasse 17. This Berlin club was small club for touring bands.

In 2007, the arts organization Creative Time placed a plaque on the NYC building to mark the club.




Sadri Skander

Sadri Skander (, born April 10, 1982) is a Tunisian television presenter and producer. He is also an editor-in-chief and an entrepreneur. He is also publisher and editor-in-chief of Tunisie Automobile magazine and co-produces and hosts the AutoPRO program on the Attessia TV channel and previously the AutoPlus and Karhabtek Labess programs on El Hiwar El Tounsi.

In 2012, he made his debut as a producer and host on Tunisna TV, with the show Drive and Fast. In 2013, he switched to Nessma, to produce 100% auto.

From 2016 to 2018, he was also the presenter of the Karhabtek Labès show dedicated to tuning, of a social nature and broadcast on El Hiwar El Tounsi during the Labès talk show.

From 2014 to 2018, he was presenter and co-producer of the auto show Auto +, broadcast every Sunday on El Hiwar El Tounsi.

From 2019 to 2020, he is presenter and co-producer of the automotive show AutoPRO, on Attessia TV.

In 2015, he launched a bimonthly automotive magazine, Tunisie Automobile, of which he is editor-in-chief.

In April 2017, he launched AutoPRO, the largest sales center for used vehicles in Tunisia.

In October 2018, he signed with a partaneriat with Italcar, representative of Fiat, Alfa Romeo, Jeep and Lancia, and with Stafim, representative of Peugeot, in May 2019.

Since 2018, he has co-produced and hosted the AutoPRO show on Attessia TV .

In January 2020, he became the face of the Bridgestone brand on the Tunisian market during his contract with the commercial rubber tire company "S.C.P".


Single wicket cricket

Single wicket cricket is a form of cricket which is mainly played between two opponents, the batter and bowler. 

The main feature of single wicket cricket is that the batter had to run from his ground at the striker's end to the bowling crease at the bowler's end and back to score a run. This is different from regular cricket, in which a batter only needs to run between the two batsmens' grounds, and means that one run can only be scored when the batter runs 124 feet (37.7 meters), rather than 58 feet (17.6 meters).


Last man stands cricket

Last man stands cricket (LMS) is a form of cricket in which a single batter can bat alone if all other players on his team are out. It has innings with 20 overs of 5 balls each, like in 100-ball cricket.

When a single batter bats alone (is the "last man standing"), they can only be safe when in the ground at the striker's end, which is the area they start running from.


Mouna Noureddine

Mouna Noureddine born Saadia Oueslati (born January 23, 1939 in Tunis) is a Tunisian actress.

She obtained her graduation certificate in 1952 and then entered the school for teachers in Tunis, which she eventually left for the Arab theater school in Tunis. 

In 1954, she worked in the municipal troupe of the Arab Theater directed by the Egyptian Zéki Touleïmat. The following year, Mohamed Agrebi recruited her for the Tunis municipality troupe he directed, and subsequently she became a subscriber to leading roles in most of the plays. In the wake of this early success, she obtained a diploma in drama. 

In 1957, she successfully passed the recruitment competition for full-time actors for the needs of the troupe in the city of Tunis. Mouna Noureddine is as comfortable on stage as in front of the cameras, interpreting texts in Tunisian as well as in literal Arabic as well as in French.

She went on stage at the age of 15, making the theater merge with her life, to such an extent that the meeting of the one who will share her life and give her his pseudonym - Noureddine Kasbaoui - takes place during the rehearsals of a play by William Shakespeare: The Merchant of Venice. Mouna Noureddine performs many roles in the troupe's repertoire, notably under the direction of Aly Ben Ayed: Sakr Kouraïch, Al Hallaj, Yerma, Le maréchal, Ghira Tedhraféchira, Hamlet, Elloghz, Leïla men elf lila, Ors eddam, Mejnoun Leïla, Mourad III, Beït Bernard alba, Ahl el berak, Caligula, Atchane ya sabaya, Les Troyennes, etc.

In the cinema, she plays in a large number of Tunisian films including Khalifa le teigneux, Sejnane, Fatma 75, And tomorrow ...?, Cécile's eyes, L’Homme de cendres, The thief of tasting, The season of men, etc. Each of his performances, in Tunisia as well as in the Maghreb and in Europe, earned him consecration, critical praise and public ovation. She plays in the found of the city of Tunis at the Théatre des Nations, the Récamier, the Théâtre de la ville, the Théâtre de l'Odéon, the Beethoven Festival, in Iran and in Egypt.

After half a century of activity, alongside her status as director of the Tunis city troupe since 2002 - a first since the creation of this company - she continues to perform in Tunisian and international productions as well as on stage. For the whole of her career, in 1985 she obtained the honorary prize of the Ministry of Culture and Heritage Protection, the insignia of the Order of Cultural Merit and was elevated to the rank of Officer of the Insignia of the Republic of Tunisia. She is also honored several times in many theater festivals in Tunisia and abroad.

Death by coconut

A falling coconut that hits a person can cause injury to their back, neck, shoulders, and head. It could even kill a person.

A 1984 study on "Injuries Due to Falling Coconuts" made people exaggerate statements about how many people died by falling coconuts. An urban legend says that falling coconuts kill a few people every year. This became more known in 2002 when an expert in shark attacks says that falling coconuts kill 150 people every year around the world. This statement is often compared to the number of deaths that are caused by a shark (which is around 5 deaths every year). Reports of death by coconuts have happened in the 1770s.

Laura Olascuaga

Laura Victoria Olascuaga Pinto (born 1995 in Cartagena, Colombia) is a Colombian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Colombia 2020 pageant on November 16, 2020. She will represent Colombia at Miss Universe 2020.

Olascuaga was born in Cartagena, the capital of the department of Bolívar. She graduated from the Universedad del Norte in Barranquilla, where she earned her bachelor’s degree in social communication and journalism.

Olascuaga began her pageantry career representing the department of Bolívar in Señorita Colombia on November 12, 2018. She placed first runner up, being awarded the title of “Virreina”, but resigned the following day. On November 16, 2020, Olascauga, representing the department of Bolívar, won the title of Miss Universe Colombia 2020 and was crowned by former Miss Germany and current director of Miss Universe Colombia, Natalie Ackermann. As the new titleholder, Olascuaga will represent Colombia at Miss Universe 2020.

Moderna

Moderna is an American biotechnology company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. They focus on drug discovery and development, and vaccine technologies based on messenger RNA.

As of November 2020, Moderna was valued at $35 billion, and while none of its drugs had been approved, its COVID-19 vaccine candidate was close to being authorized for mass use.

In 2023 it is to build a centre in Harwell, Oxfordshire, to produce vaccines for Covid, flu and respiratory syncytial virus.

Steve Ricchetti

Steven J. Ricchetti is an American political aide and lobbyist. On November 17, 2020 he was hired to be the Counselor to the President under President-elect Joe Biden.

He was Chief of Staff to Vice President Joe Biden during the Obama administration and Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations under President Bill Clinton.

Cedric Richmond

Cedric Levan Richmond (born September 13, 1973) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was a U.S. Representative for Louisiana's 2nd congressional district from 2011 to 2021.

In 2019, he was named the first national co-chairman of the Joe Biden 2020 presidential campaign.

On September 5, 2020, he was named a co-chair of the Biden-Harris Transition Team, which is planning Biden's presidential transition.

On November 17, 2020, Richmond announced he would leave Congress in January 2021 to serve as Senior Advisor to the President and director of the Office of Public Liaison.

Richmond resigned from the White House on May 18, 2022.

Football Federation of Macedonia

The Football Federation of Macedonia (); ФФМ/FFM, is the main part of football in North Macedonia based in Skopje. It was founded in 1926.

Akira Kubodera

Kubodera killed himself at his apartment in Tokyo on November 13, 2020 at the age of 43.

Lindy McDaniel

Lyndall Dale "Lindy" McDaniel (December 13, 1935 – November 14, 2020) was an American right-handed relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who had a 21-year career from 1955 to 1975. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals, Chicago Cubs, San Francisco Giants, New York Yankees and Kansas City Royals. McDaniel was born in Hollis, Oklahoma.

McDaniel died of COVID-19 on November 14, 2020 in Carrollton, Texas at the age of 84.

Raul del Mar

Raul Veloso del Mar (March 20, 1941 – November 16, 2020) was a Filipino Liberal politician and lawyer. He was a member of the House of Representatives from 1987 to 1988, then 2001 to 2010 and again from 2012 until his death. He was also the Deputy Speaker of the House from 2004 to 2010. He was born in Cebu City.

Del Mar died on November 16, 2020 in Manila at the age of 79.

Dairon Blanco

Dairon Alberto Blanco Joseph (2 October 1992 – 16 November 2020) was a Cuban footballer. He played as a midfielder. He was born in Amancio, Cuba. He played club football for Las Tunas and in Uruguay for Canelones del Este. He also played for the Cuban national team between 2012 and 2016

Blance was killed in a car crash on 16 November 2020 in Havana, aged 28.

Croatian War of Independence

The Croatian War of Independence was fought from 1991 to 1995 between Croat forces loyal to the government of Croatia—which had declared independence from the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (SFRY)—and the Serb-controlled Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) and local Serb forces.

In Croatia, the war is known as the "Homeland War" () and also as the "Greater-Serbian Aggression".

In Serbian sources, "War in Croatia" and (rarely) "War in Krajina" are used.

Tomislav Merčep

Tomislav Merčep (28 September 1952 – 16 November 2020) was a Croatian politician, convicted war criminal and paramilitary. He was active during the Croatian War of Independence. He was born in Vukovar, Croatia. He was a member of the Croatian Democratic Union. He was a member of the Croatian Parliament from 1993 to 2000. 

Merčep unsuccessfully ran for President of Croatia in 2000 presidential elections.

In May 2016 Merčep was sentenced to 5.5 years in prison for failure to prevent the murder of 43 Serb civilians in Pakračka Poljana and other locations, committed by members of the unit under his command.

Merčep died after a long illness on 16 November 2020, aged 68.

Papiamento

Papiamento () or Papiamentu () is a creole language spoken in the Caribbean. It is the most common language on the ABC islands of Aruba, Bonaire, and Curaçao. It is also commonly spoken in Sint Eustatius and Saba.

Litoria wapogaensis

Vera's tree frog ("Litoria wapogaensis") is a frog from Indonesia. Scientists saw it high in the hills near the Waponga River.

Scientists say this frog might be related to the black-dotted tree frog.

Thomson Reuters

Thompson Reuters is a Canadian company that owns the British news group Reuters.

Pantanal cat

The Pantanal cat ("Leopardus braccatus" or "Leopardus colocolo braccatus" or "Lynchailurus braccatus") is a wild cat that lives in South America. Scientists say it is related to the pampas cat, and it might be the same species.

This cat has black legs and long, thick fur. It has two subspecies, "Leopardus braccatus braccatus" and "Leopardus braccatus munoai".

This cat lives in grassy places in many parts of South America.

Pokémon Sword and Shield

Pokémon Sword and Shield are the first set of games in the eighth generation of the "Pokémon" series. They released on the Nintendo Switch on November 15, 2019. This is the first Pokémon game to have DLC, being "" (released June 17, 2020) and "" (released October 22, 2020).

"Main Article: Gameplay of Pokémon" 

Gyms return from previous entries and the combat is the same with new Dynamaxing, which makes the Pokémon larger.

Femi Taylor

Femi Taylor is a Nigerian-British actress who is famous for playing Oola in Return of the Jedi, a Star Wars movie. She has also acted in TV shows and plays, and studied dance in New York.

She was born in Nigeria. Her father gave her to missionaries because her mother died giving birth and he couldn't take care of all their kids alone. She was adopted by a couple from England and grew up there.

She now runs an interior design company.

She has two children and is married to Claus Skytte Kamper.

She played a slave dancer Oola in "Return of the Jedi", the last film of the original trilogy. She reprised the part fourteen years later, filming new scenes for the 1997 Special Edition release. 

Tropical Storm Arthur (2020)

Tropical Storm Arthur was a strong tropical storm. It did not last very long. It also did not take place during the usual storm season. It affected the U.S state of North Carolina in May 2020. Arthur was the first named storm of the 2020 Atlantic hurricane year. With Arthur, 2020 became the sixth year in a row when a tropical cyclone formed in the Atlantic before June, or when the official hurricane season starts. Tropical Storm Arthur came from a big trough that formed on May 14 near Cuba. The early part of the storm system slowly drifted toward Florida through the Florida Strait for two days. Later, it became a depression on May 16 north of The Bahamas. This started the Atlantic storm season. One day later, the system was named "Arthur" and it slowly moved north towards North Carolina. Arthur started to weaken as it moved towards Bermuda.

Tropical Storm Arthur rained on Florida and made high ocean waves. Arthur's outer areas rained and blew strong winds near North Carolina's beaches and caused dangerous rip currents along the southeastern coast of the United States.

On May 12, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) first said it was likely a tropical storm would form near Cuba. By May 13, there were more thunderstorms than usual in Cuba, and the NHC said there was a 70% chance of a tropical storm in the next five days.

The NHC named it Tropical Depression One on May 16. They called it tropical because of the way it turned around circularly.

The NHC named the system Tropical Storm Arthur early on May 17 because people on an airplane had measured the wind. They said it was strong enough to be named. Arthur mostly moved north and in the Atlantic Ocean, not too close to the Florida and Georgia. However, Arthur started moving northeast over colder waters. Even though Arthur was moving over cold water, it still became stronger, even though it was smaller in images. As Arthur became stronger, its center moved onto the coast of North Carolina, a few miles southeast of Cape Hatteras. Then Arthur moved away from North and South Carolina, and it started to be less organized. However, the storm continued to become stronger. Early on May 19, Arthur had its lowest air pressure of and its winds were strongest at 60 mph (95 km/h). Six hours later, the storm was no longer tropical. Arthur finally dissipated on May 21, 5 days after it became a depression.

Arthur rained a lot on Cuba on May 15. In some parts of Cuba, there were almost 3 inches in only four hours. The rain damaged homes and flooded streets. Arthur also damaged buildings in the Bahamas, which had already been hit by Hurricane Dorian one year before. Arthur caused floods and blew away tents that people were living in while they were rebuilding their homes. However, Arthur's strongest winds blew over the ocean, where there were no buildings to blow down.

Arthur was not a tropical storm until after it reached Florida. When it was in Florida, it was a system. Still, Arthur dropped a lot of rain and wind on Florida on May 13 and 14. It dropped over 4 inches (101.6 mm) of rain on parts of Florida and a rainfall total of 5.35 in (135.8 mm) fell on May 14, where it was the tenth highest amount of rain for the city ever. Flash flood warnings were created for large portions of Miami-Dade County on May 14. In Miami, streets were flooded from the rain. High-speed winds made officials use gale warnings and special marine warnings across most of South Florida. Seventy people in Volusia County had to be rescued after being caught in rip currents. Three of them had to go to the hospital. Purple and red flags were raised along the coasts of Georgia and South Carolina to tell people about the rip currents. Offshore Georgia, 3–6 ft (0.9-1.8 m) waves were seen. Arthur did $112,000 of damage to Florida.

Arthur also went to North Carolina as a tropical storm. On May 16, tropical storm watches were issued from Surf City to Duck (a city) and Pamlico Sound to Albemarle Sound. A day later, these watches were upgraded to tropical storm warnings as Arthur moved closer towards the Outer Banks. By late May 17, the water in the southern portion of the Outer Banks had become dangerous. Torrential rainfall occurred as Arthur's outer rainbands were near eastern North Carolina, with of rain falling in Newport, North Carolina within 6 hours, and many other locations recording at least of rain from the storm. Tropical storm-force wind in Cape Hatteras were also recorded. Despite this, the strongest winds were kept off land. This is because Arthur was an llopsided storm. Waves as high as 12.5 ft (3.8 m) were recorded along the coast of the Outer Banks from Arthur. Due to flooding from Arthur, many highways in the Outer Banks and into mainland North Carolina were closed. SpaceX also had to delay the launch of a few Starlink internet satellites because of bad weather from Arthur affecting them. As Arthur moved away from land, warnings were canceled.

In James City County, Virginia, flooding near the ocean was seen in some places. In south New Jersey, Arthur caused floods, even though it was not a tropical storm then. There were also strong winds on the Jersey Shore. Power lines were blown down. On the Atlantic City Expressway and other roads, trees had fallen.


Ishirō Honda

Ishiro Honda or Inoshiro Honda was a Japanese movie director famous for making godzillas 1954 movie with Eiji Tsuburaya, Tomoyuki Tanaka, Shinichi Sekizawa and Akira Ifukube.



Quebec Act

The Quebec Act was a British law passed in 1774. It was about Quebec in Canada.

Britain ruled Quebec after the French and Indian War. Before that, it had been ruled by France. Most of the white people in Quebec spoke the French language and used the Roman Catholic part of the Christian religion instead of the Church of England part of the Christian religion.

The British Parliament passed the Quebec Act in 1774. It said that French Canadians did not need to say a loyalty oath any more. It gave Roman Catholics more rights. It let the French Canadians use some French laws instead of only British laws.

This made many British settlers in Canada angry because they did not like Roman Catholics. They called the Quebec Act an Intolerable Act.

Yokai Monsters: Along With Ghosts

, also known as Journey with Ghost Along Yokaido Road, is a 1969 Japanese Tokusatsu movie directed by Yoshiyuki Kuroda and Kimiyoshi Yasuda. it is the third in a trilogy of movies produced in the late 1960s, which focus around Japanese monsters known collectively as "yōkai".

Notably darker in tone than its more famous predecessors, "Yokai Monsters: Along With Ghosts" focuses much more on a Jidaigeki storyline than it does on its titular monsters. While monsters do appear throughout the movie, they are relegated to antagonistic roles, more akin to their appearances in traditional "kaidan".

In Japan, Miyo has evidence that should stop the corruption in her town, but soon she finds not only her life in danger, but those of her family as well. When Miyo's grandfather is murdered on sacred grounds, the Yokai are summoned and seek out the people responsible.



Most of the youkai are played by children of the children's theater company in Osaka, following the previous two works.


"Yokai Monsters Along With Ghosts" was released in Japan on March 21, 1969 where it was distributed by Daiei Film.



Runner bean

The runner bean ("Phaseolus coccineus") is a kind of bean commonly grown in gardens. It is also known as scarlet runner bean or multiflora bean. It is part of the Fabaceae, which also contains other legumes. It may also be called butter bean, but that name can also be used for the Lima bean, which is a different species. The runner bean originally grew in South America. It was brought to Europe in the 17th century. 

Runner beans are more resistant to cold than Great northern beans. For this reason, runner beans are commonly cultivated in Europe, also in higher altitudes. Today, the runner bean is either grown as an ornamental plants, or to get food. Usually, poles of a height of to are commonly used, when the plant is grown in the garden. Note also, that in Europe, runner beans die in winter, because they do not support the cold, for a prolonged period of time.

Tropical Storm Arthur

Tropical Storm Arthur might refer to:



Japanese Americans

Japanese Americans were among the three largest Asian American ethnic communities during the 20th century; but, according to the 2000 census, they have declined in number to constitute the sixth largest Asian American group at around 773,000, including those of partial ancestry. According to the 2010 census, the largest Japanese American communities were found in California with 272,528, Hawaii with 185,502, New York with 37,780, Washington with 35,008, Illinois with 17,542, and Ohio with 16,995. Southern California has the largest Japanese American population in North America. The city of Gardena holds the densest Japanese American population in the 48 contiguous states.
During World War II, Japanese Americans were forced to leave their homes and move to internment camps.

Grubhub

Grubhub Inc. is an American online and mobile prepared food and delivery group. It connects diners with local restaurants. The company is based in Chicago, Illinois and was founded in 2004. As of 2019, the company had 19.9 million active users and 115,000 associated restaurants across 3,200 cities and all 50 states in the United States. Grubhub Seamless went public in April 2014 and is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "GRUB".

On June 9, 2020, Just Eat Takeaway, a European food delivery service, announced an agreement to buy Grubhub for $7.3 billion in stock.<ref name="NYT, Conger et la 6/10/20"></ref>



Dennis J. Murray

Dennis J. Murray (born 1940) was the third President of Marist College. He served from 1979 to 2016. He became President emeritus in July 1, 2016, Murray was President Emeritus.

Murray had been Marist's president during the academic years 1979 through 2016. Marist's enrollment more than doubled. Sixteen new academic programs started. Several new academic centers and student residences opened. The university's area expanded to .

Murray earned a bachelor's degree in political science from California State University, Long Beach. He got a master's degree and Ph.D. in public administration from the University of Southern California.

Before working at Marist, Dr. Murray taught at the USC School of International and Public Affairs. He was Director of University Relations and Executive Assistant to the President at California State University, Long Beach. He was Vice President for Development at Whittier College.


Lehman College

Lehman College is a senior college of the City University of New York (CUNY) in the Bronx, New York City. It started in 1931 as the Bronx campus of Hunter College. It became an independent college in CUNY in September 1967. The college is named after Herbert H. Lehman. He was a New York governor, United States senator, philanthropist, and the son of Lehman Brothers co-founder Mayer Lehman. It is a public, comprehensive, coeducational liberal arts college with more than 90 undergraduate and graduate degree programs and specializations. 53% of undergraduate students graduate within six years.

Hunter College in the Bronx was built during the 1930s.

Lehman has a 37-acre (15 hectare) campus with a combination of Collegiate Gothic and modern architecture, located near the Jerome Park Reservoir at 250 Bedford Park Boulevard West (250 West 200th Street).
Students at Lehman College are from multiple ethnic and racial identities, multiple language backgrounds, various social classes, and diverse sexual orientations with many international students.

Enrollment (Fall 2018) Lehman College:

Lehman College offers a variety of selective and distinguished undergraduate and graduate programs in the Schools of Arts & Humanities, School of Education, School of Natural and Social Sciences (NSS), School of Health Sciences, Human Services, and Nursing, and School of Continuing Education.

There are nearly 400 full-time faculty. Notable faculty include:



Premier League Goal of the Season

The Premier League Goal of the Season is an annual football award. The award is given to the player to has deemed to have scored the best goal in the Premier League in the season.

The shortlist features each of the season's nine Premier League Goal of the Month winners. The winner is chosen by a combination of an online public vote (worth 10% of the final tally), and a panel of experts.

The award was first given after the 2016–17 season. It is currently sponsored by Budweiser. The name of the award is the Budweiser Goal of the Season.

All the Young Men

All the Young Men is a 1960 American Korean War movie directed by Hall Bartlett and starring Alan Ladd, Sidney Poitier, James Darren, Glenn Corbett, Mort Sahl, Maria Tsien, Lee Kinsolving, Paul Baxley, Charles Quinlivan. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit

The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia (in case citations, D.C. Cir.) is one of thirteen United States Courts of Appeals. It exercises appellate jurisdiction over decisions from the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The court is comprised of eleven appellate judges and is based at the E. Barrett Prettyman U.S. Courthouse in Washington, D.C..

Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani

Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani is a 2013 release Bollywood movie starring Ranbir Kapoor and Deepika Paadukone. The movie was theatrically released on 31 May 2013. Ayan Mukerji is the director, screenplay and story writer of the movie. The movie is produced by Hiroo Yash Johar and Karan Johar.

Set-top box

A set-top box is a small device that adds extra functionality to another media device, often a television. In general, there are different kinds of such devices:


The most important functions of a set top box are media playback (DVD, VHS videos, perhaps interacve as a game console), recording of the data received, and being able to receive data using different channels (for example Satellite TV, TV over internet) or methods (sometimes, signals need to be decrypted first; some people want to watch digital TV on an analogue television).

The evolution of set-top boxes can be traced back to early 1980s, when a cable converter box was required to receive extra analog cable TV channels and convert them to content capable of being displayed on a regular television screen. The cable converter boxes came with a wired or wireless remote control, which helped to switch a channel to a low-VHF frequency for viewing on the TV. Some newer television receivers significantly reduced the need for external set-top boxes but they are still in wide use. Cable converter boxes are sometimes required to descramble premium cable channels and receive interactive services such as pay per view, video on demand and home shopping channels.

Isaac Alvarez

Isaac Alvarez (26 July 1930 – 3 November 2020) was an Egyptian-born French actor, mime, and choreographer. He founded the École du théâtre du mouvement in Paris in 1956 with Jacques Lecoq. In 1981, he founded the Théâtre du Moulinage in Lussas.

Alvarez traveled across France to teach with the Comédiens-mimes de Paris. 

Alvarez died in Aubenas, France on 3 November 2020 at the age of 90.


Sakari Paasonen

Sakari Paasonen (12 October 1935 – 6 November 2020) was a Finnish sport shooter. He competed in pistol shooting events at the Summer Olympics in 1988 and 1992. Paasonen was born in Mäntyharju, Finland.

Paasonen died on 6 November 2020 in Helsinki, aged 85.

Joseph Altairac

Joseph Altairac (25 March 1957 – 9 November 2020) was a French literary critic and essayist. His works focused in science fiction literature and was secretary of the Prix Rosny-Aîné. His articles and works were dedicated to A. E. van Vogt, H. P. Lovecraft, and H. G. Wells. 

A. E. van Vogt

Alfred Elton van Vogt (; April 26, 1912 – January 26, 2000) was a Canadian-born American science fiction writer. He was one of the most popular science fiction writers in the mid-twentieth century.

Van Vogt died at his home in Los Angeles on January 26, 2000 from Alzheimer's disease, aged 87.


Chicano Movement

The Chicano Movement, also known as El Movimiento, was a social and political movement inspired by acts of resistance from people of Mexican descent in the 1940s and 1950s, and the Black Power movement, that worked to support a Chicano/a identity. 

The Chicano Movement was heavily influenced by and entwined with the Black Power movement.

Black power movement

The Black Power movement was a social movement supported by African-Americans who wanted safety and support in African American neighborhoods, Black Power activists founded Black-owned bookstores, food cooperatives, farms, media, printing presses, schools, clinics and ambulance services. The international impact of the movement includes the Black Power Revolution in Trinidad and Tobago.

By the late 1960s, Black Power became violent to fight against American white supremacy. Most of these ideas were inspired by Malcolm X's criticism of Martin Luther King Jr.'s peaceful protest methods. 

Juan Gómez-Quiñones

Juan Gómez-Quiñones (January 28, 1940 – November 11, 2020) was an American historian, poet, and activist. He was best known for his work in Chicana/o history. He was a co-editor of the "Plan de Santa Bárbara".

Gómez-Quiñones was born in Parral, Chihuahua, Mexico. He was raised in Los Angeles, California. He taught at the University of California at Los Angeles.

Gómez-Quiñones died on November 11, 2020 in Los Angeles at the age of 80.


Michael Mongeau

Michel Mongeau (c. 1946 – 11 November 2020) was a Canadian actor. He was best known for his roles in "He Shoots, He Scores" (1989), "Gaz Bar Blues" (2003), "How My Mother Gave Birth to Me During Menopause" (2003), "The Last Tunnel" (2004) and in "Shake Hands with the Devil" (2007).

Mongeau died on 11 November 2020 at the age of 74.

Marie-Claude Vayssade

Marie-Claude Vayssade (8 August 1936 – 11 November 2020) was a French politician. She was a member of the European Parliament from 1979 to 1994. Vayssade was a member of the Socialist Party. She was born in Pierrepont, France.

Vayssade died on 11 November 2020 in Vandœuvre-lès-Nancy, France at the age of 84.

Piem

Pierre de Barrigue de Montvallon, known as Piem, (12 November 1923 – 12 November 2020) was a French cartoonist. He was born in Saint-Étienne, France. Many of his works appeared on French newspapers. They mainly appeared for "Le Figaro", "Le Point" and "La Croix". His career began in 1947. 

Piem died in Notre-Dame-d'Oé, France on 12 November 2020, his 97th birthday.

Notre-Dame-d'Oé

Notre-Dame-d'Oé is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.

Guy-Olivier Segond

Guy-Olivier Segond (14 September 1945 – 12 November 2020) was a Swiss politician. He was born in Geneva, Switzerland. He was a member of the FDP.The Liberals and Free Democratic Party. From 1983 to 1984 and again from 1988 to 1989, he was the Mayor of Geneva. Segond was a member of the National Council from 1987 to 1990.

Segond died on 12 November 2020 in Geneva at the age of 75.

Jay Kerttula

Jalmar Martin "Jay" Kerttula (April 6, 1928 – November 13, 2020) was an American businessman, farmer, and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Kerttula was the longest-serving member of the Alaska Legislature. He was in the House from 1961 to 1963 and 1965 to 1973 and in the Senate from 1973 to 1995. 

Kerttula died on November 13, 2020 in Juneau, Alaska at the age of 92.

Jay E. Adams

Jay Edward Adams (January 30, 1929 – November 14, 2020) was an American Reformed Christian author. He wrote more than 100 books. His books have been translated into 16 languages. He was also known as the founder of The Institute for Nouthetic Studies. Adams was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He also created nouthetic counseling.

Adams died on November 14, 2020 in Woodruff, South Carolina at the age of 91.

David Stoddart, Baron Stoddart of Swindon

David Leonard Stoddart, Baron Stoddart of Swindon (4 May 1926 – 14 November 2020) was a British politician. He was Member of Parliament for Swindon from 1970 to 1983. He was a life peer in the House of Lords from 1983 to his death in 2020. He was a Labour peer from 1983 to 2002, when he was expelled from the Labour Party.

Stoddart died on 14 November 2020 at the age of 90.

Henrique Córdova

Henrique Córdova (21 December 1938 – 15 November 2020) was a Brazilian politician. He was Governor of Santa Catarina from 1982 to 1983. He was born in São Joaquim, Brazil. He was a member of the Democratic Social Party.

Córdova died on 15 November 2020 in Lages, Brazil at the age of 81.

Egidio Cosentino

Egidio Cosentino (6 March 1927 – 15 November 2020) was an Italian field hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Genoa, Italy.

Cosentino died on 15 November 2020 in Calgary, Alberta at the age of 93.

Drew S. Days III

Drew Saunders Days III (August 29, 1941 – November 15, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. He was Solicitor General of the United States from 1993 to 1996 under President Bill Clinton. He alsowas the first African American Assistant Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division in the Carter Administration from 1977 to 1980. 

He was the Alfred M. Rankin Professor of Law at Yale Law School. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia.

Days died on November 15, 2020 in New Haven, Connecticut at the age of 79.

Rosebell Kagumire

Rosebell Kagumire is a feminist, Pan-Africanist, and writer from Uganda. She is the editor of a website about feminism in Africa. Rosebell went to Makerere University for her undergraduate degree is in Mass Communication, attained her masters in Media, Peace and Conflict Studies from Universidad para la Paz (UN University of Peace) in Costa Rica, attended short term study in nonviolent conflict at the Fletcher School Tufts University before beginning her career in activism and social media. She worked in Ugandan leading news media including Daily Monitor and NTV. In 2012, her criticism of the campaign Kony 2012 made her more well-known to many people on international stage. Since then, she has become a writer and analyst for leading international media like Al Jazeera and The Guardian. She is one of many feminists from East Africa who are becoming more well known outside of Africa, along with others like Stella Nyanzi.

In 2020 she co-edited a book: Challenging Patriarchy: The Role of Patriarchy in the Roll-Back of Democracy. She has written a book chapter on Young Ugandan Feminists Voices in "Youth in Africa: Agents of Change"

Rosebell was honored with the Anna Guèye 2018 award for her contribution to digital democracy, justice and equality on the African continent by Africtivistes, a network of African activists for democracy. Her expertise ranges covers social movements and accountability, women's rights, migrants and refugee rights and social justice. She has spoken widely on racism and the development sector sharing her own story to connect with millions of Black professionals that continue to interface these global systems of oppression.

In 2013, the World Economic Forum recognised Rosebell as one of the Young Global Leaders under 40.

Marvin Zonis

Marvin Zonis (September 18, 1936 – November 15, 2020) was an American political economist. His works focused on Middle Eastern politics and history. He was an emeritus professor at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. He was the first professor at the Business School to teach a course on digital technologies.

Zonis died on November 15, 2020 in Chicago at the age of 84.

Bruce Swedien

Bruce Swedien (April 19, 1934 – November 16, 2020) was an American audio engineer and music producer. He was known for his work with Michael Jackson and Quincy Jones.

He became known for his work in 1962 on Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons "Big Girls Don't Cry".

Swedien was a five-time Grammy Award winner. He recorded, mixed, and assisted in producing the best-selling album in the world, "Thriller" (1982) by Michael Jackson.

He also recorded and mixed for jazz artists such as Count Basie, Art Blakey, Duke Ellington, Dizzy Gillespie, Benny Goodman, Lionel Hampton, Quincy Jones, Oscar Peterson, Herbie Hancock, The Second Coming, and Jeff Oster.

Swedien died on November 16, 2020 at the age of 86.


Eddie Borysewicz

Edward 'Eddie B' Borysewicz (March 18, 1939 – November 17, 2020) was a Polish-American Olympic cycling coach. He coached the American team that won nine medals at the Olympic Games in Los Angeles in 1984. In 1996, he was honored into the United States Bicycling Hall of Fame.

Borysewicz died of COVID-19 in Drezdenko, Poland on November 17, 2020 at the age of 81.

Jagmohan Singh (athlete)

Jagmohan Singh (1 April 1932 – 17 November 2020) was an Indian hurdler. He competed in the men's 110 metres hurdles at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Chandigarh, India.

Singh died on 17 November 2020 from a heart attack in Chandigarh at the age of 88.

Sheldon Solow

Sheldon Henry Solow (July 20, 1928 – November 17, 2020) was an American billionaire real estate developer. Solow had a net worth of $4.4 billion. He was born in New York City. He helped develop the Solow Building near Central Park.

Solow died on November 17, 2020 in New York City from lymphoma at the age of 92.

Solow Building

The Solow Building is a skyscraper located at 9 West 57th Street in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, built in 1974. It was designed by Gordon Bunshaft of Skidmore, Owings and Merrill. 

At 50 stories and in height, it is the 71st tallest building in New York. 

Floors above the 23rd floor has a ublocked view of Upper Manhattan and a complete view of Central Park and The Plaza Hotel. 

Plaza Hotel

The Plaza Hotel is a 20-story luxury hotel and condominium apartment building in Midtown Manhattan in New York City. It opened in 1907 and is owned by Katara Hospitality.

The building was designated a New York City landmark in 1969 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The Plaza Hotel was also made a National Historic Landmark in 1986. 

Nondeterminism

In computer science, a nondeterministic algorithm is an algorithm that does not give the same result each time it is used.

Even for the same input, it may show different behaviors on different runs. This may be contrasted with a deterministic algorithm.
The projection of an automaton almost always results in nondeterminism.

Exhibiting nondeterminism; involving choices between indistinguishable possibilities.

Being nondeterministic; involving arbitrary choices; necessitating the choice between various indistinguishable possibilities.

Dependence on factors other than initial state and input.

Moving from a single-processor to a multi-processor system often exposes hidden nondeterminism due to invalid assumptions about scheduling. 

There are several ways an algorithm may behave differently from run to run. Referring to the inability to objectively predict an outcome or result of a process due to lack of knowledge of a cause and effect relationship or the inability to know initial conditions.

Non-deterministic definitions 

Non-predictive. Referring to the inability to objectively predict an outcome or result of a process due to lack of knowledge of a cause and effect relationship or the inability to know initial conditions.

In telecommunications switching and routing, the unpredictability of a path between nodes. See also node, path, route, and switch.

Gordon Bunshaft

Gordon Bunshaft (May 9, 1909 – August 6, 1990), was an American architect. He was known as a partner in the architectural firm Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM), which he joined in 1937. He was born in Buffalo, New York.

Bunshaft was known for his designs for Lever House in New York, the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale University, the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C., the National Commercial Bank in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, 140 Broadway (Marine Midland Grace Trust Co.) and Manufacturers Hanover Trust Branch Bank in New York.

Bunshaft died on August 6, 1990 in New York City of cardiac arrest at the age of 81.

Roman Viktyuk

Roman Grigoryevich Viktyuk (, ; October 28, 1936 – November 17, 2020) was a Ukrainian-Russian theatre director, actor, and playwright. He was born in Lviv, Ukraine. His career began in 1956. In 2006, he was honored with the People's Artist of Ukraine and in 2009 with the People's Artist of Russia.

He was also Professor of the Russian Academy of Theatre Arts (GITIS).

In late-October 2020, Viktyuk was hospitalized in Moscow with COVID-19. He died from the infection and thrombosis on November 17 2020 at the age of 84.

Khamakha Hyderabadi

Khamakha Hyderabadi (1929–2017) was an Urdu language poet from Hyderabad in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. He wrote poems and came to Mazahiya Mushairas many times. He wrote in his native Dakhni part of the Urdu language. Most of his poems are humour and satire, which is showing the problems in society by making them look funny.

He wrote three books:

Draga Olteanu Matei

Draga Olteanu Matei (née Olteanu) (; 24 October 1933 – 18 November 2020) was a Romanian actress. She starred in more than thirty movies from 1967 to 2006. She was born in Bucharest.

Her best known roles were in "A Bomb Was Stolen" (1961), "Haiducii" (1966), "Explosion" (1973), "Uncle Marin, the Billionaire" (1979) and in "The Famous Paparazzo" (1999).

Matei died at a hospital in Iași, Romania on 18 November 2020 from a gastrointestinal hemorrhage, aged 87.

Subarachnoid hemorrhage

Subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) is bleeding into the subarachnoid space—the area between the arachnoid membrane and the pia mater which surrounds the brain.

Symptoms may include a severe headache, vomiting, loss of consciousness, fever, and sometimes seizures. Neck stiffness or neck pain are also common.

Mridula Sinha

Mridula Sinha (27 November 1942 – 18 November 2020) was an Indian writer and politician. Sinha was Governor of Goa from August 2014 to October 2019. She was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. She was born in Muzaffarpur, Bihar, British India.

Sinha died on 18 November 2020 at the age of 77.

Angelo Caroli

Angelo Caroli (7 April 1937 – 17 November 2020) was an Italian professional football player, journalist and author. As a journalist, he worked for "Tuttosport". He also wrote novels. Caroli was born in L'Aquila, Italy. 

His football career lasted from 1955 to 1963. He played for Juventus, Catania, Lucchese, Pordenone and Lecco.

On 17 November 2020, Caroli died at the age of 83 in Torino, Italy.

Stanisław Dulias

Stanisław Dulias (12 April 1939 – 17 November 2020) was a Polish politician and economist. Dulias was born in Zbarazh, Poland. He was a member of the Sejm from 2001 to 2005. 

Dulias died on 17 November 2020 of COVID-19 in Mysłowice, Poland at the age of 81.

Zbarazh

Zbarazh (Ukrainian: Збараж, Polish: Zbaraż, Yiddish: זבאריזש "Zbarizh") is a city in the Ternopil Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. It is the administrative center of the Zbarazh Raion (district), and is located in the historic region of Galicia.


Mysłowice

Mysłowice () is a city in Silesia in southern Poland, near Katowice. The population of the city is 74,586.

Pim Doesburg

Willem "Pim" Doesburg (; 28 October 1943 – 17 November 2020) was a Dutch football goalkeeper. He made eight appearances for the Netherlands national football team from 1967 to 1981. He played a total of 687 matches in a 25-year career.

Doesburg died on 17 November 2020 at the age of 77.


Walt Davis

Walter Francis "Buddy" Davis (January 5, 1931 – November 17, 2020) was an American athlete. He won a gold medal in the high jump at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He later became a professional basketball player. He played for the Philadelphia Warriors between 1953 to 1958 and for the St. Louis Hawks in 1958.

Davis was born in Beaumont, Texas. He studied at Texas A&M University. Davis died on November 17, 2020 in Port Arthur, Texas at age 89.

The Woodlands, Texas

The Woodlands is a master planned community and census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Texas, in the Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land metropolitan area. 

It is primarily located in Montgomery County, with parts going into Harris County. 

In 2020, the population of The Woodlands was 114,436.

Greater Houston

Greater Houston, designated by the United States Office of Management and Budget as Houston–The Woodlands–Sugar Land, is the fifth-most populous metropolitan statistical area in the United States. It is made up of nine counties along the Gulf Coast in Southeast Texas. With a population of 6,997,384 people as of 2018 census estimates and over 7 million in 2019, Greater Houston is the second-most populous in Texas after the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. 

Christopher C. Miller

Christopher Charles Miller (born October 15, 1965) is an American politician. He is the Acting United States Secretary of Defense since November 9, 2020.

Miller became the director of the National Counterterrorism Center on August 6, 2020.

Emerentia von Düben

Baroness Emerentia von Düben, (24 May, 1669 – 22 March, 1743) was a Swedish lady-in-waiting and favorite of Ulrika Eleonora, Queen of Sweden.

Emerentia von Düben was born in Stockholm, Sweden in 1669. She became a lady-in-waiting in 1717. 

Platteville, Wisconsin

Platteville is the largest city in Grant County in southwestern Wisconsin. The population was 11,224 at the 2010 census.

Dixie D'Amelio

Dixie Jane D'Amelio (born August 12, 2001) is an American social media personality and singer. She is known for her videos on the social media platform TikTok. D'Amelio is the older sister of Charli D'Amelio.

D'Amelio's career began after her sister Charli gained popularity on TikTok. Dixie D'Amelio also began posting on TikTok. She is the 7th most-followed individual on TikTok. In 2020, she starred in the YouTube web series "Attaway General".

D'Amelio's acting career includes appearing on the Brat TV series "Attaway General". D'Amelio released her first single, "Be Happy" in 2020. The song has received more than 55.6 million streams on Spotify.

She signed a record deal with L.A. Reid's label HitCo Entertainment. "Forbes" published a report in August 2020 revealing D'Amelio earned $2.9 million in the last year through June from loads of her sponsorship deals and merchandise, making her the third highest-earning TikTok star.

D'Amelio released her second single, "One Whole Day" with Wiz Khalifa.

Zach King

Zach King is a popular internet personality, filmmaker, and social media influencer. He is known for his creative and innovative approach to content creation, particularly in the areas of magic and visual effects. With a strong following on multiple social media platforms, King has become one of the most recognized figures in the digital entertainment industry.

Early Life and Education:

Zach King was born on February 4, 1990, in Portland, Oregon. His parents, Rachel and David King, raised him in a Christian household with his two younger sisters. From a young age, King was fascinated by magic and the art of illusion. He was also drawn to filmmaking, often using his family's camcorder to make short videos with his friends.

King attended Biola University, a private Christian university located in La Mirada, California. There, he studied cinema and media arts, and continued to develop his skills as a filmmaker and content creator. He graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 2012.

Career and Rise to Fame:

After graduating from college, Zach King moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in the entertainment industry. He began creating and posting videos on Vine, a now-defunct social media platform that allowed users to create and share short, looping videos. King quickly gained a following for his clever and creative use of visual effects in his videos, which often featured magic tricks and illusions.

As his popularity on Vine grew, King expanded his presence to other social media platforms, including YouTube, Instagram, and TikTok. He continued to create content that combined his love of magic and visual effects with his passion for storytelling and filmmaking.

In addition to his work as a content creator, Zach King has also written and directed short films and commercials for brands such as Coca-Cola, Nike, and McDonald's. He has won several awards for his work, including the Streamy Award for Best Vine Creativity in 2014 and the Shorty Award for Best Vine Artist in 2015.

Social Media Presence:

Zach King has a strong following on multiple social media platforms, including YouTube, Instagram, and TikTok. As of 2021, he has over 28 million subscribers on YouTube, 24 million followers on TikTok, and 24 million followers on Instagram.

King's YouTube channel features a variety of content, including magic tricks, visual effects tutorials, and behind-the-scenes looks at his creative process. He also collaborates with other creators on the platform and has created content for YouTube's annual "Rewind" series.

On TikTok, Zach King is known for his short, humorous videos that often feature magic tricks and visual illusions. He has created content for several high-profile brands on the platform, including Warner Bros. Pictures, Apple, and Disney.

Personal Life:

Zach King is married to Rachel Holm King, whom he met while attending Biola University. The couple has two children together, a son and a daughter.

King is a devout Christian and often incorporates his faith into his content. He has also used his platform to promote charitable causes and social justice issues, such as the Black Lives Matter movement and the fight against human trafficking.

As of 2023, Zach King's net worth is estimated to be around $16 million. He has earned his wealth primarily through his successful career as a content creator and social media influencer, as well as through his work as a writer and director for commercials and short films. King has also generated revenue through brand deals and sponsorships with major companies, including Coca-Cola, Nike, and McDonald's. With his continued success and growing audience, it is likely that his net worth will continue to increase in the coming years.

Statistics:


Tigray War

The Tigray War was a major war in the Horn of Africa waged by Ethiopia and Eritrea against the Tigray Region and various separatist groups from 2020–2022. The war became infamous for the war crimes committed by both sides and the spillover into neighboring countries. It ended with the surrender of the Tigray Region and the reintegration of the region into Ethiopia.

Militias from the Amhara Region played a decisive role in the Ethiopian victory, most notably Fano. The Western Zone was occupied by Fano during the Tigray War and, as a result, has since become an war zone in the 2023 Amhara war. 


Puerto Ricans in the United States

Puerto Ricans in the United States, also called Stateside Puerto Ricans, or Puerto Rican Americans, are Puerto Ricans in the United States proper (the 50 states and the District of Columbia), who are born in or trace family ancestry to the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico.

Swiss Americans

Swiss Americans are Americans of Swiss descent. Swiss emigration to America predates the formation of the United States, often as the result of the persecution of Anabaptism during the Swiss Reformation and the formation of the Amish community. In the 19th century, there was lots of immigration of Swiss farmers, who preferred rural settlements in the Midwest.
Swiss immigration slowed down after 1930, although limited immigration continues. The number of Americans of Swiss descent is nearly one million. The Swiss Federal Department of Foreign Affairs reported the permanent residency of Swiss people in the United States as 80,218 in 2015.

Welsh Americans

Welsh Americans are an American ethnic group whose ancestry originates wholly or partly in Wales. In the 2008 U.S. Census community survey, an estimated 1.98 million Americans had Welsh ancestry, 0.6% of the total U.S. population. This compares with a population of 3 million in Wales. However, 3.8% of Americans appear to bear a Welsh surname.

Portuguese Americans

Portuguese Americans (), also known as Luso-Americans ("luso-americanos"), are citizens and residents of the United States who are connected to the country of Portugal by birth, ancestry, or citizenship.

Spanish Americans

The United States Population Of Hispanic Consumers Yields A Respectable Combination Of Yearly Growth With Buying Power In Excess Of $1 Trillion,  Progressively Making Latinos A Demographic That Is Capable Of Shaping The Nation's Future Economic And Marketing Growth. Hispanic Buying Power Is Expected To Reach $3.2 Trillion In 2023, A Cumulative Increase Of Around 28%.

Spanish Americans (, hispanoestadounidenses, or hispanonorteamericanos) are Americans whose ancestry originates wholly or partly from Spain.

List of tallest buildings in St. Louis

1. Metropolitan square 593 feet

2. At&t Building 588 feet

3. Thomas Eagleton Courthouse 557 feet

4. US Bank Plaza 484 feet

5. Laclede Gas Building 401 feet

6. Southwestern Bell Building 399 feet

7. Civil Courts building 386 feet

8. Bank of American Plaza 384 feet

9. One City Center 375 feet

10. Park East Tower 330 feet

Wissel Lakes tree frog

The Wissel Lakes tree frog ("Litoria wisselensis") is a frog from Indonesia. Scientists saw it in the Snow Mountains, about 1700 meters above sea level.

Maria Reynolds

Maria Reynolds was a woman who lived in the 1700s. She is famous for having an affair with Alexander Hamilton.

In 1791, when Maria Reynolds was 23, she went to Alexander Hamilton's house in Philadelphia. She said her husband had left and she wanted to go back to New York, where she was from. He offered to lend her money so she could go. Instead, the two of them began a sexual relationship. Later, Maria Reynolds' husband, James Reynolds, blackmailed Alexander Hamilton: He told Hamilton to give him money or else he would tell Hamilton's wife that he had slept with Maria. Hamilton paid James Reynolds and continued to visit Maria Reynolds.

James Reynolds continued to write letters to Hamilton asking for money, and Hamilton paid. When James Reynolds was arrested for forgery, he asked Hamilton for help. Hamilton did not help. James Reynolds told Hamilton's political enemies, Democratic Republicans James Monroe, Frederick Muhlenberg, and Abraham Venable about the affair. He also said Hamilton had committed other crimes. Monroe, Muhlenberg and Venable talked to Hamilton. They believed he had had an affair but had not committed other crimes. But Monroe made a copy of letters Hamilton's had written to Maria Reynolds and gave it to Thomas Jefferson.

In 1796, James Callendar wrote a book called "The History of the United States for 1796". In that book, he accused Hamilton of speculation and of the affair. Hamilton wrote a pamphlet called "Observations on Certain Documents" in 1797. He said in the pamphlet that he had had the affair but had not done any speculation. The public believed him.

Later, Maria Reynolds sued her husband for divorce. Aaron Burr was her lawyer.

A fictional Maria Reynolds appears in act II of the Broadway musical "Hamilton".

Maria and Hamilton had a realation ship that was very inapropriate.

Kingdom of Spain (Napoleonic)

The Kingdom of Spain (1808-1813) was an empire founded in 1808 by Napoleon, Emperor of France, after he conquered Spain from the House of Bourbon and installed his brother Joseph Bonaparte as the new king. Spain's new government held court in Madrid but its real capital was Toulouse in southern France. Spanish resistance - aided by armies from Great Britain and Portugal in the "Peninsular War" (1808-1814)- ended Napoleon's control over Spain. It succeeded and preceded the Spanish Empire. At its height in 1811, Spain alone had 14,096,235 people.

What If...?

What If...? is an American computer-animated anthology series made for Disney+, based on the Marvel Comics series of the same name. It is the fourth television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) produced by Marvel Studios and the studio's first animated series from Marvel Studio Animation. It is set after the events of "Loki" and shows alternate timelines where the major events in the MCU movies have occurred differently. The series stars Jeffrey Wright as the Watcher, with many MCU movie actors reprising their roles.

The series's first season premiered on August 11, 2021, and ran for nine episodes until October 6 as part of Phase 4 of the MCU. The second season premiered on December 22, 2023, as part of Phase Five. Its nine episodes was released daily until December 30. A third season and a "Marvel Zombies" series are in development. The "Marvel Zombies" series is based on one of the episodes in "What If...?"

Following the establishment of the multiverse in the season one finale of "Loki", "What If...?" explores various alternate timelines across the multiverse in which major moments from the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movies occur differently, as observed by the Watcher. In the second season, following the formation of the Guardians of the Multiverse, the Watcher continues to explore more strange worlds, meeting new heroes and keeping the multiverse safe. 

Rusyn Americans

Rusyn Americans (also known as Carpatho-Rusyn Americans or Ruthenian Americans) are citizens of the United States of America, with ancestors who were Rusyns, born in Carpathian Ruthenia, or neighboring areas of Central Europe. However, some Rusyn Americans, like some Rusyn Canadians, also or instead identify as Ukrainian Americans, Slovak Americans, or even Russian Americans

Hungarian Americans

Hungarian Americans (Hungarian: "amerikai magyarok") are Americans of Hungarian descent. The U.S. Census Bureau has estimated that there are approximately 1.396 million Americans of Hungarian descent as of 2018. The total number of people with ethnic Hungarian background is estimated to be around 4 million.

Danish Americans

Danish Americans () are Americans who have ancestral roots originated fully or partially from Denmark. There are approximately 1,300,000 Americans of Danish origin or descent.

Peruvian Americans

Peruvian Americans are Americans of Peruvian descent. Most Peruvian Americans are of Amerindian or Mestizo ancestry, but there are also those of European or African background, and a significant number may also have partial or full Chinese or Japanese heritage.

List of digital television stations in the Philippines

This is the list of the stations on digital television in the Philippines. The channels are available to viewers depends on the location. The National Telecommunications Commission (NTC) has adopted the ISDB-T standard for Philippine television.

Updated as of March 2024. Most channels are still under test broadcast. All analog services are expected to be terminated by the end of 2024.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>"Data collected from sources and some wiki pages."
"*Channels received may vary with location or with the strength of the signal of the broadcaster."
"*Most of the channels are in the phase of test broadcast, resulting to some places that cannot receive other stations due to dead spots and low transmitting power among stations."
"*Some Channels are encrypted and can only be accessed through select set-top box or mobile dongle manufacturers."

<div style="overflow: auto">
!Callsign
!class="unsortable"|UHF Channel
!class="unsortable"|Frequency
!width="6%" | LCN
!Broadcaster
!Short Name
!class="unsortable"|Programming
!class="unsortable"|Picture Format
!Broadcasting Hours
!Notes
DWAO-TV

DWAO-TV Ultra High Frequency (UHF) Channel 37 is the flagship news and public service television station of the Filipino-based company Progressive Broadcasting Corporation (PBC).

UHF Channel 38 (617.143 MHz)
UNTV can be received via satellite in the Philippines and other countries in Asia, Australia, Middle East, Europe and Africa.


European Americans

European Americans (also referred to as Euro-Americans) are Americans of European ancestry. This term includes people who are descended from the first European settlers in America as well as people who are descended from more recent European arrivals. European Americans are the largest panethnic group (or, variously considered an ethnic group in its own right) seconded historically to the indigenous tribes that were colonized by European Americans in the United States, at present.

German, Irish, English, Italian, Polish, French and Scottish are the most common European ancestries in the United States. Eastern European immigrants such as Romanians are more recent.

Many Roma and Jews have arrived to the United States via Europe.

Some European Americans have African and Native American ancestry. 3.5% of European Americans carry African ancestry. In South Carolina and Louisiana, around 12% of European Americans have at least 1% African ancestry.


Notes

Belarusian Americans

Belarusian Americans (, ), also known by the somewhat dated terms Byelorussian Americans and White-Russian Americans, are Americans who are of total or partial Belarusian ancestry.

List of Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation channels and stations

These are the TV and radio stations wholly owned and operated by the Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation in the Philippines.


River Cottage Spring

River Cottage Spring is a Channel 4 television programme. It follows Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall at his Dorset home and his teaching school "River Cottage". It shows him and his team, harvesting crops, cooking organic food and teaches families how to be smallholders. He also challenges Tesco to change its chicken products from battery-farmed to organic and free-range reared. "Chicken products" refers to the eggs as well as the meat.


List of serving senior officers of the Royal Marines

This is a list of serving senior officers of the Royal Marines. It includes currently serving Royal Marine generals, lieutenant-generals, major-generals and brigadiers.


List of serving senior officers of the Royal Air Force

This is a of serving senior officers in the Royal Air Force. It includes currently serving air chief marshals, air marshals, air vice-marshals, and air commodores.


List of senior female officers of the British Armed Forces

The following is a list of women who have reached general, flag or air officer rank in the Royal Navy, British Army and Royal Air Force, not including those given honorary ranks. An air commodore is an air officer rank. Though not considered flag or general officers by the United Kingdom, those who have reached the rank of brigadier or commodore and above are included in this list.

List of serving senior officers of the Royal Navy

This is a list of serving senior officers of the Royal Navy. It includes currently serving admirals, vice-admirals, rear-admirals, and commodores.

List of serving senior officers of the British Army

This is a list of serving senior officers of the British Army. It includes currently serving generals, lieutenant generals, major generals, and brigadiers.

Mohamed Hussein Roble

Mohamed Hussein Roble (born October 1968) is a Somali politician. He is the current Prime Minister of Somalia from 23 September 2020 to 26 June 2022. He was the member of International Labour Organization and environmental engineer.

In September 2021, Mohamed Hussein Roble accused Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed of obstructing an investigation which led to the resignation of the head of the NISA.

In September 2021, Somali President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed attempted to withdraw executive powers ”Mohamed Hussein Roble“ The Prime Minister violated the transitional constitution so that his executive powers are withdrawn (…), in particular his powers of impeachment and / or appointment of leaders until the elections have taken place, ”said a statement from the president's office.

Skunk Anansie

Skunk Anansie are a British rock music group. Their members include Skin (guitar and lead vocals), Ace (guitar and backing vocals), Cass (guitar, bass and backing vocals) and Mark Richardson (drums, percussion).

Skunk Anansie formed in 1994. They came apart in 2001. They returned in 2008 or 2009. The name Skunk Anansie is from Akan folk tales of Anansi. "Skunk" is added to make the name even nastier.

They have put out six studio albums, like "Paranoid & Sunburnt" (1995), "Stoosh" (1996) and "Wonderlustre" (2010). They have also had several songs, like "Weak", "Selling Jesus" and "Charity."

They are often grouped as part of a Britrock movement, running along with Britpop.

DWCP-DTV

DWCP-DTV (digital UHF and virtual channel 21) is a television station owned by Southern Broadcasting Network, a subsidiary of Solar Entertainment Corporation with a blocktime agreement of ABS-CBN Corporation as Asianovela Channel for Digital Free-to-air. It is currently the flagship station of Philippine television network, Solar Flix.



DWCP-TV operates on UHF Channel 21 (515.143 MHz).

On September 12, 2019, SBN closed down UHF Channel 21's analog signal in preparation of the DTV transition implementation. SBN is the 5th television network in the Philippines to permanently end its analog TV broadcasts, and go digital only.


Bodel

A Bodel (plural Bodlim) is usually a young Israeli, often a student, engaged as a gofer by the Mossad after a thorough check and confirmation of his Jewish parentage and background. His job is to run errands and perform chores for the Mossad agents when required. He is prohibited from asking any questions and is only given any necessary information on a need to know basis. In return, he is allowed to live without paying any rent in a Mossad safehouse. The "Bodel" is not allowed to bring friends into the safehouse, and when visiting agents move in, he has to move out. However, he can be retained to do the shopping, cleaning and laundry.


Katsa (Mossad)

A katsa is a field officer of the Mossad, the national intelligence agency of Israel. A katsa collects information and runs agents.

The word "katsa" is a Hebrew acronym for "Ktsin Issuf", meaning "Collections Officer." There are typically 30–40 katsas at a time, operating around the world.

In searching for candidates, the Mossad administers a variety of psychological and aptitude tests, as well as assessing their own current needs. If selected, a candidate must go through and pass the Mossad training academy, the "Midrasha", located near the town of Herzliya. The Mossad academy is the official summer residence of the Israeli Prime Minister. There they are taught the tradecraft of intelligence gathering for approximately three years. The main priority of training is to teach katsas how to find, recruit, and cultivate agents, including how to clandestinely communicate with them. They also learn how to avoid being the subject of foreign counter-intelligence, by avoiding car and foot surveillance, by killing, and by preventing foreign agents from creating 'traps' at meetings. Once training is completed, trainees will spend an apprenticeship period working on varying projects before becoming full-fledged katsas.





Luke Rhinehart

George Powers Cockcroft (November 15, 1932 – November 6, 2020), widely known by the pen name Luke Rhinehart, was an American novelist, screenwriter, and nonfiction writer. He was born in Albany, New York. Rhinehart was known for his writing works "The Dice Man" (1971), "Adventures of Wim" (1986) and "The Search for the Dice Man" (1993).

Rhinehart died on November 6, 2020 at the age of 87.

On the Avenue

On the Avenue is a 1937 American musical comedy movie directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Alice Faye, Dick Powell, Madeleine Carroll, George Barbier, The Ritz Brothers, Alan Mowbray. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Fred Morrison (American football)

Fred Lew "Curly" Morrison (October 7, 1926 – November 15, 2020) was an American football player and executive. He played professionally in the National Football League (NFL) with the Chicago Bears, from 1950 to 1953, and the Cleveland Browns, from 1954 to 1956. He was born in Columbus, Ohio.

Morrison died on November 15, 2020 in Murrieta, California from problems caused by a broken hip, aged 94.

Manvel Grigoryan

Lieutenant General Manvel Sektori Grigoryan (Armenian: Մանվել Սեկտորի Գրիգորյան; 14 July 1956 – 19 November 2020) was an Armenian military and politician. He was a member of the National Assembly of Armenia from 2012 to 2018. He was a high ranking military official in the Armenian Army.

Grigoryan died on 19 November 2020 at the age of 64.


The Michael J. Fox Foundation

The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research is dedicated to finding a cure for Parkinson's disease (PD) through funded research and ensuring the development of improved therapies for those living with Parkinson's today. Established by actor Michael J. Fox in 2000, the Foundation has since become the largest non-profit funder of Parkinson's disease research in the world, investing more than $1 billion in research funding to date. In 2010, the Foundation launched the first large-scale clinical study on evolution biomarkers of the disease at a cost of $45 million over five years. The organization hosts the Fox Trial Finder, which is a website for presenting clinical trials in Parkinson's disease clinical research.

Omega (Hungarian band)

Omega is a Hungarian band formed in 1962, which has been described as the most successful Hungarian rock band in history. They have released more than 20 albums in both Hungarian and English. The band started in 1962.

Adam Musiał

Adam Musiał (18 December 1948 – 18 November 2020) was a Polish football player and later became a football manager. He played for clubs such as Wisła Kraków, Arka Gdynia, Hereford United (England) and Eagles Yonkers New York (USA).

He played for Polish national team, for which he played 34 matches.

Musiał died on 18 November 2020 in Kraków, Poland at the age of 71.

Mokhtar Hashim

Mokhtar Hashim (1 May 1942 – 17 November 2020) was a Malaysian politician. He was the Minister of Culture from 1981 to 1983 and the Minister of Youth and Sports from 1981 to 1983.

Hashim died on 17 November 2020 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia at the age of 78.

Firsat Sofi

Firsat Sofi Ali (, 21 May 1978 – 18 November 2020) was an Iraqi Kurdish politician. He was a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP). He was born in Gazna village in Choman District. Firsat was the Erbil governor from 2019 until his death.

Sofi died on 18 November 2020 in Ankara, Turkey from COVID-19 at the age of 42.

Anastasios of Albania

Archbishop Anastasi of Tirana, Durrës and All Albania (secular name: Anastasios Yannoulatos (, ); born 4 November 1929) is the Archbishop of Tirana, Durrës and All Albania. He is the Head of the Holy Synod of the Autocephalous Orthodox Church of Albania. He was elected in June 1992.

Ieronymos II of Athens

Ieronymos II (, ; born 10 March 1938) is the Archbishop of Athens and All Greece. He is the primate of the Autocephalous Orthodox Church of Greece. He was elected on 7 February 2008.

Violeta Bermúdez

Violeta Bermúdez Valdivia (born 12 August 1961) is a Peruvian lawyer, writer and diplomat. On 18 November 2020, Bermúdez became the Prime Minister of Peru.

Reşit Karabacak

Reşit Karabacak (5 July 1954 – 19 November 2020) was a Turkish wrestler. He competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics. Karabacak became European champion in 1983 in Budapest.

Karabacak died on 19 November 2020 in Istanbul, Turkey from COVID-19 at the age of 66.

Anne Rasa

Olwen Anne Elisabeth Rasa (born 1940) is a British ethologist. She is known for her works in the knowledge of the social behavior of Dwarf mongoose. She was born in Wales. In the 1970s, she worked for the Max-Planck-Institut.

She was a scientific assistant at Marburg University. She also worked at University of Bayreuth.

Rasa is best known for her role as Associate Professor at Pretoria University, South Africa. She taught ethology and her studies on Yellow mongoose in the Kalahari Desert.

Paul Sobol

Paul Sobol (26 June 1926 – 17 November 2020) was a French-born Belgian educator, writer and Holocaust survivor. He was widely known as one of the country's best known ""passeur de mémoire"" (memory keepers).

He was born in Paris. He was deported to Auschwitz concentration camp on 31 July 1944. He was involved in the death marches to Gross-Rosen concentration camp and escaped on 25 April 1945 during a transfer to another camp. His parents and younger brother were killed.

Sobol died on 17 November 2020 of a ruptured aneurysm in Brussels, aged 94.


Deco

Anderson Luís de Souza (born 27 August 1977), commonly as Deco is a retired professional footballer. He played as a Midfielder. He has played for Porto, Barcelona, and the Portugal national team.

Porto

Barcelona

Chelsea

Fluminense

Individual

Orders


Audio and video interfaces and connectors

Audio connectors and video connectors are electrical or optical connectors that are used to carry audio and video signals. These connectors are often found on TVs and other types of screens such as computer monitors.

Highland tree frog

The highland tree frog ("Litoria wollastoni") is a small frog from New Guinea. Scientists believe it lives in the hills and lower sides of the mountains in both Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.

Scientists believe this frog is related to "Litoria arfakiana".

On the Edge of Magellanic Clouds

On the Edge of Magellanic Clouds () is a fiction book, published in 1998. It includes three stories: "On the Edge of Magellanic Clouds" by Andrei Gusev, "Nights after" () by Sergei Aman and "Silent abode" () by Oleg Birukov. These are stories from Russian life at the end of the 20th century.

The story ""On the Edge of Magellanic Clouds"" is, at first look, realism. The Medvedev couple lived together for a considerable part of their lives before perestroika. But in the last decade of the 20th century, the way of life in Russia is changing. Capitalism comes instead of socialism. Yulia, the wife of the journalist Andrei Medvedev, wants well-being in life. She decides that they need to start a radio station. All her thoughts are on it. The radio station will be ready to broadcast soon. 
However, these plans are a figment of her imagination. A strong desire for enrichment makes her mind bifurcated. Her husband Andrei tells about this in the second part of the story. The narrative is similar to tragic realism. However, here the author's voice turns on, again turning the content over. And the story becomes surreal. This twist makes readers think.

""Nights after"" is a little love story. The guy Sergey from the provinces falls in love with the Moscow girl Natasha. She came on vacation to her grandmother in the village. They meet at night on the river bank. He bathes naked. She does not see him in the dark and also strips naked. An uncomfortable situation develops, but as a result they begin to be friends.
However, village hooligans rape Natasha, and they stab him. He ends up in the hospital, and she leaves for Moscow. And after his recovery, he has only a sad memory of this unfinished love.

The story ""Silent abode"" describes the life of ambulance workers in the province. Young Muscovite Anatoly Kiselyov comes there to practice. Doctors are often called to patients. Doctors get into both tragic and funny situations. Stories about them make up the story.

"On the Edge of Magellanic Clouds" is a book with a non-linear storyline. The book covers the time period of earlier nineties of the last century. Some parts of the stories in this book have a mystical component.


<BR>

British Americans

British American usually refers to Americans whose ancestral origin originates wholly or partly in the United Kingdom (England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland). In the 2017 American Community Survey 1,891,234 individuals or 0.6% of the responses self-identified as British. It is primarily a demographic or historical research category for people who have at least partial descent from peoples of Great Britain and the modern United Kingdom, i.e. English, Scottish, Welsh, Scotch-Irish, Manx and Cornish Americans.

Terminal Tower

Terminal Tower is a skyscraper on Public Square in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. It is 52 stories and 235 meters high. When it was first built, it was the second-tallest building in the world. It was the tallest building in the United States outside New York from when it was built in 1930, to 1964.

Welsh Canadians

Welsh Canadians are Canadian citizens of Welsh descent or Wales-born people who reside in Canada.

English Canadians

English Canadians ( or ), or Anglo-Canadians (), refers to either Canadians of English ethnic origin and heritage or to English-speaking or Anglophone Canadians of any ethnic origin; it is used primarily in contrast with French Canadians. Canada is an officially bilingual country, with English and French official language communities.

Fantastic Four (1997 video game)

Fantastic Four is a 1997 video game made by Acclaim Entertainment for the PlayStation.

The game has had very bad reviews and is considered the worst Fantastic Four game.

Ghostbusters: The Video Game

Ghostbusters: The Video Game is a 2009 action-adventure video game based on the "Ghostbusters" franchise. It had Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis, Ernie Hudson, Max von Sydow and Annie Potts returning from the movies to voice in the game, with Aykroyd and Ramis writing the game. It was remastered in 2019 for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and dedicated to Ramis' memory.

A recruit has been picked by the Ghostbusters to help them capture Slimer again at the Sedgewick Hotel.

The game has had great reviews and is considered the best Ghostbusters game.

Venom: Let There Be Carnage

Venom: Let There be Carnage is a 2021 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character Venom. The movie is produced by Columbia Pictures in association with Marvel and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. It is the second movie in Sony's Spider-Man Universe and the sequel to "Venom" (2018). It is directed by Andy Serkis. It premiered in London on September 14, 2021 and was released in the United States on October 1. A third "Venom" movie is in development.


Additionally, Peggy Lu reprises her role as convenience store owner and Brock and Venom's friend Mrs. Chen from the first film. Sian Webber portrays Camille Pazzo, a head doctor at the Ravencroft, Scroobius Pip plays Siegfried, a Ravencroft patient, and Larry Olubamiwo appears as a Ravencroft guard. Tom Holland and J. K. Simmons make uncredited cameo appearances as their Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) characters Peter Parker / Spider-Man and J. Jonah Jameson, respectively, in the mid-credits scene.

The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen (movie)

The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen is a 2003 dieselpunk superhero movie based on the book by Alan Moore. It is the last movie to feature Sean Connery before his retirement in 2006 and death in 2020.


Sean Connery had a rough time being a part of the movie and he started to retire after it was released.

VSEPR theory

The shape of a molecule or ion is determined by the repulsion between the electron pairs surrounding the central atom. 

Valence Shell Electron-Pair Repulsion Theory

- Only the electron pairs arranged around the central atom in a covalent molecule need to be considered 

- Pairs of electrons repel each other and move as far apart as possible 

- Lone pair-lone pair repulsion is greater than lone pair-bonding pair repulsion which is greater than bonding pair- bonding pair repulsion 

- The actual shape of species is determined by the "atoms" attached round the central atom (and influenced by the lone pairs of electrons) 

- All bonds - single bonds, double bonds and triple bonds - take up the same space.

Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy XV

Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy XV is a 2016 animated fantasy movie based on "Final Fantasy XV". It takes place before the events of the game.


The movie has got bad reviews but audiences loved it.

Why Don't You Get a Job?

"Why Don't You Get a Job?" is a 1998 song by American rock band The Offspring.

Unbiennium

Unbiennium is an element on the periodic table's superactinide series. 

Progressive Era

The Progressive Era was a period of American history that lasted from 1897 to 1920. The politics of this period consisted of several ideals. These were that the government should control the private sector and that the American people should settle for nothing less than perfection in their society. Muckrakers were journalists who reported on corruption. They only reported about corruption in the private sector. This was because muckrakers were often in favor of the ideas of the Progressive Era. They wanted to cause doubt in the efficiencies of the private sector. Their goal was to cause the American people to support the idea of the federal government controlling the private sector.

TSMC

TSMC is a major Taiwanese semiconductor manufacturer that is used by Apple to manufacture its bionic chips and recently its M1 series of chips. It also is used by Qualcomm, Huawei, Intel, Google Mediatek, AMD, and Nvidia for their series of chips. 


La Nación

"La Nación (The Nation)" is an Argentine newspaper based in Buenos Aires. It was founded in 1870. 

Its motto is "La Nación will be a tribune of doctrine.", and its main competitor is Clarín. 

It also owns a television network, LN+.


Vice President of Mexico

The office of Vice President of Mexico is the second powerful head of state. Was created by the Constitution of Mexico in 1924, and was finally abolished by the current Constitution of 1917.

İsmail Metin Temel

İsmail Metin Temel was a commander in the Turkish army.

Danger - Love at Work

Danger - Love at Work is a 1937 American romantic comedy movie directed by Otto Preminger and starring Ann Sothern, Jack Haley, Edward Everett Horton, Mary Boland, John Carradine, Walter Catlett, Benny Bartlett, Maurice Cass, Charles Coleman. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Enchanted Cottage (1945 movie)

The Enchanted Cottage is a 1945 American romantic fantasy movie directed by John Cromwell and was based on the 1923 play of the same name by Arthur Wing Pinero. It stars Dorothy McGuire, Robert Young, Herbert Marshall, Mildred Natwick, Spring Byington, Hillary Brooke, Richard Gaines and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1946.


Young America (1932 movie)

Young America is a 1932 American drama movie directed by Frank Borzage and starring Spencer Tracy, Doris Kenyon, Ralph Bellamy, Beryl Mercer, Sarah Padden. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Me and My Gal

Me and My Gal is a 1932 American romantic comedy drama movie directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Spencer Tracy, Marion Burns, Joan Bennett, George Walsh, George Chandler, Noel Madison, Adrian Morris, Jesse De Vorska. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was remade in 1940 as "Pier 13".


20,000 Years in Sing Sing

20,000 Years in Sing Sing is a 1932 American crime drama movie directed by Michael Curtiz and was based on the nonfiction novel by Lewis E. Lawes. It stars Spencer Tracy, Bette Davis, Arthur Byron, Louis Calhern, Lyle Talbot, Warren Hymer and was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was remade in 1940 as "Castle on the Hudson".


I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang

I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang is a 1932 American crime drama movie directed by Mervyn LeRoy and was based on the autobiography by Robert Elliott Burns. It stars Paul Muni, Glenda Farrell, Helen Vinson, Noel Francis, Preston Foster, Allen Jenkins, Berton Churchill, Sally Blane and was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1934.


Libeled Lady

Libeled Lady is a 1936 American comedy movie directed by Jack Conway and starring Jean Harlow, William Powell, Myrna Loy, Spencer Tracy, Walter Connolly, George Chandler. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1937.


San Francisco (movie)

San Francisco is a 1936 American musical drama movie directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Clark Gable, Jeanette MacDonald, Spencer Tracy, Jack Holt, Jessie Ralph, Ted Healy, Edgar Kennedy, Roger Imhof. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 6 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1937.


Big City (1937 movie)

Big City is a 1937 American drama movie directed by Frank Borzage and starring Luise Rainer, Spencer Tracy, Irving Bacon, Oscar O'Shea, Victor Varconi, Eddie Quillan, Janet Beecher. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


State of the Union (movie)

State of the Union is a 1948 American drama movie directed by Frank Capra and was based on the play of the same name by Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse. It stars Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, Van Johnson, Angela Lansbury, Irving Bacon, Frank Mayo, Lewis Stone, Adolphe Menjou and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


List of heads of the Serbian Orthodox Church

This article lists the heads of the Serbian Orthodox Church, since the creation of the church as an autocephalous Archbishopric in 1219 to today's Patriarchate.

The list includes all the Archbishops and Patriarchs that led the Serbian Orthodox Church under the Serbian Archbishopric and Serbian Patriarchate of Peć.


Lael Brainard

Lael Brainard (born January 1, 1962) is an American economist. Brainard is the 14th Director of the National Economic Council since 2023. She was the Vice Chair of the Federal Reserve from 2022 to 2023. She was on the Federal Reserve Board of Governors from 2014 to 2023. She was the United States Under Secretary of the Treasury for International Affairs from 2010 to 2013. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Brainard was nominated by Barack Obama to serve as the undersecretary of international affairs at the Department of the Treasury on March 23, 2009. She was sworn in on the same day on April 20, 2010. She resigned on November 8, 2013.

Brainard was nominated to the Fed board on January 13, 2014, alongside Stanley Fischer and Jerome Powell. She was confirmed by a 61-31 vote in the U.S. Senate on June 12, 2014.

President Joe Biden nominated Brainard to be the Vice Chair of the Federal Reserve on November 22, 2021. On April 26, 2022, her nomination as Federal Reserve Vice Chair was confirmed by the U.S. Senate.

In February 2023, Biden announced Brainard as his Director of the National Economic Council.

Jean Collet

Jean Collet (3 March 1932 – 11 November 2020) was a French writer, cinematic theorist, and university professor.

Collet worked as a journalist for "Télérama" from 1959 to 1971 and at "Cahiers du Cinéma" from 1961 to 1968. In 1965, he began working as a movie critic for "Études".

Collet wrote many books on cinema. Most of his written works were about Jean-Luc Godard published by Éditions Seghers. 

He was a professor at the Paris Descartes University, the Centre Sèvres, and the Institut national de l'audiovisuel. 

Collet died on 11 November 2020 at the age of 88 years old.

Paul Schrieber

Paul Warren Schrieber (June 30, 1966 – November 12, 2020) was an American professional baseball umpire. He worked in Major League Baseball from 1997 to 2015. He was born in Eugene, Oregon.

He umpired the MLB All-Star Game in 2000 and 2015 and the Division Series in 1999, 2000, 2001, and 2014.

Schrieber died of a cerebral hemorrhage on November 12, 2020 in Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 56.

Robert Byron Bird

Robert Byron Bird (February 5, 1924 – November 13, 2020) was an American chemical engineer. He was professor emeritus in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He was known for his research in transport phenomena of non-Newtonian fluids. Bird was a recipient of the National Medal of Science in 1987. He was born in Bryan, Texas.

Bird died on November 13, 2020 at the age of 96.

The Painted Woman

The Painted Woman is a 1932 American thriller movie directed by John G. Blystone and starring Spencer Tracy, Peggy Shannon, Irving Pichel, Raul Roulien, Murray Kinnell. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Society Girl

Society Girl is a 1932 American drama movie directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring James Dunn, Peggy Shannon, Walter Byron, Spencer Tracy. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Jacques Fornier

Jacques Fornier (6 November 1926 – 14 November 2020) was a French theatrical actor and director. He founded the Théâtre de Bourgogne and led it for 15 years. He also directed the National Theatre of Strasbourg. He was born in Paris. In 1993, he was honored as Commander of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.

Fornier died 14 November 2020 in Paris, aged 94.

John Poole (footballer, born 1932)

John Arthur Frederick Poole (12 December 1932 – 17 November 2020) was an English football goalkeeper. He made 33 league appearances for Port Vale in the Football League between 1953 and 1961.

He later played for non-League sides Macclesfield Town and Werrington.

Disorderly Conduct

Disorderly Conduct is a 1932 American comedy movie directed by John W. Considine Jr. and starring Spencer Tracy, Sally Eilers, El Brendel, Ralph Morgan, Ralph Bellamy, Frank Conroy, Sally Blane. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Arthur Imperatore Sr.

Arthur Edward Imperatore Sr. (July 8, 1925 – November 18, 2020) was an American businessman. He was best known as being the founder and president of the NY Waterway, a ferry service. He was born in West New York, New Jersey. He was the owner of the Colorado Rockies.

Imperatore Sr. died on November 18, 2020 in New York City at the age of 95.

Up the River

Up the River is a 1930 American comedy movie directed by John Ford and starring Spencer Tracy, Clarice Luce, Humphrey Bogart, Warren Hymer, William Collier, Sr.. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was remade in 1938.


Charles Levin (judge)

Charles Leonard Levin (April 28, 1926 – November 19, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a Michigan Court of Appeals judge from 1966 to 1972 and as a justice of the Michigan Supreme Court from 1973 to 1996. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

His cousin Carl Levin was a U.S. senator for Michigan from 1979 to 2015. His cousin Sander Levin was the U.S. congressman for Michigan's 9th congressional district from 1983 to 2019.

Levin died on November 19, 2020 in Detroit at the age of 94.

Charles Levin

Charles Levin may refer to:



First defenestration of Prague

The First defenestration of Prague happened on July 30, 1419. It marks the beginning of the Hussite wars. Jan Hus had been burnt at the stake, at the Council of Constance four years earlier. On July 30, Hussites stormed the Prague town hall, to free other Hussites who had been captured. 

At the event, ten people were thrown out of the window: the mayor, two councillors, an aide of the judge, five elders, and a serf. Falling out of the window did not kill them. The crowd used blunt weapons to kill those that had fallen. One councillor died while he was being tortured. Jan Želivský had planned the uprising. In 1960, a statue was put in front of the town hall to commemorate Jan Želivský.

Jonas Mello

Jonas Rodrigues de Mello (20 October 1937 – 18 November 2020) was a Brazilian actor. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil. He was known for his roles as Shadowseat in "Cassiopeia" (1996), as Montahna in "The Happy Cricket and the Giant Bugs" (2009) and as Francisco in "A Escrava Isaura" (2004–2005).

Mello died on 18 November 2020 in São Paulo at the age of 83.

Khadim Hussain Rizvi

Khadim Hussain Rizvi (; 22 May 1966 – 19 November 2020) was a Pakistani far right radical preacher. He was the founder of Tehreek-e-Labbaik Pakistan. He was known for his protest against any change to Pakistan's blasphemy law. He was born in Pindigheb, West Pakistan.

On 19 November 2020, Rizvi was taken to the Shaikh Zayed Hospital in Lahore and died a few hours later, aged 54.

Second defenestration of Prague

The Second defenestration of Prague happened on 23 May 1618, during the Bohemian Revolt. Jaroslav Bořita of Martinice, Vilém Slavata of Chlum and Filip Fabricius were thrown out of a window of Prague Castle. It marks the beginning of the Thirty Years' War, and is a turning point in the history of Europe.


Stan Trafford

Stanley John Trafford (21 December 1945 – 19 November 2020) was an English footballer and cricketer.

Defenestration of Prague

Defenestration of Prague is a term that is used for three different events:


Sky Devils

Sky Devils is a 1932 American action comedy movie directed by A. Edward Sutherland and starring Spencer Tracy, George Cooper, Ann Dvorak, Billy Bevan, Yola d'Avril. It was distributed by United Artists.


She Wanted a Millionaire

She Wanted a Millionaire is a 1932 American romantic drama movie directed by John G. Blystone and starring Joan Bennett, Spencer Tracy, Una Merkel, James Kirkwood, Dorothy Peterson, Don Dillaway. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Adam's Rib

Adam's Rib is a 1949 American romantic comedy movie directed by George Cukor and starring Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, Judy Holliday, Tom Ewell, David Wayne, Jean Hagen, Hope Emerson. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1951. It was also adapted into a TV series in 1973.


Jake Scott

Jacob E. Scott III (July 20, 1945 – November 19, 2020) was an American professional football player. He was a free safety and punt returner from 1970 to 1978 for the Miami Dolphins and Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL). 

Scott went to the Pro Bowl five consecutive times between 1971, and 1975. He recorded 35 interceptions in his six seasons as a Dolphin, and another 14 in his three years with the Redskins. He was also a five-time All-Pro. He was born in Greenwood, South Carolina.

Scott died at the age of 75 on November 19, 2020 after suffering head injuries in a fall in Atlanta, Georgia.

Rudy del Rosario

Rudy del Rosario (15 September 1969 – 20 November 2020) is a Filipino football coach and footballer. He played for the Philippines national football team and Kaya F.C..

Del Rosario is one of the founders of Kaya F.C.

Tony Hooper

Tony Hooper (14 September 1943 – 18 November 2020) was an English folk singer-songwriter and musician. He was best known as a founder-member of Strawbs together with Dave Cousins and double bassist Ron Chesterman. He left The Strawbs in 1972 after their album "Grave New World". He was born in Eastry, Kent.

Hooper died on 18 November 2020 at the age of 77.

Osmo Ala-Honkola

Osmo Juhani Ala-Honkola (12 May 1939 – 14 November 2020) was a Finnish sports shooter. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Kuortane, Finland.

Ala-Honkola died on 14 November 2020 in Vaasa at the age of 81.

Gwyn Jones (footballer, born 1935)

Gwynfor "Gwyn" Jones (20 March 1935 – 13 November 2020) was a Welsh footballer. He played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers and Bristol Rovers.

Jones began his playing career at Caernarfon Town, before joining English First Division high-flyers Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1955.

Jones died on 13 November 2020 at a nursing home in Caernarfon, Wales at the age of 85.

Berdel

Berdel or "sibling swapping" is a type of marriage where parallel families swap siblings. It does not always have to be a sibling, and sometimes another family members is swapped in exchange for another family member. For example a niece can be exchanged for a parallel family's cousin etc. Sometimes, if the family member swapping is arranged by a family matriarch or patriarch, it is viewed as narcissistic. However if berdel is arranged by a similar aged relative, those marriages are often seen as very safe, and even as a marriage where the well-being is guaranteed through the insurance of the counterpart swapped relative. The reason why berdel marriages or sibling swapping marriages are safer is because the two families already trusted each other before.

Sam Palladio

Sam Christian Palladio Scott (born 21 November 1986) is an English actor and musician. He is best known for his starring role as Gunnar Scott in the ABC musical drama series "Nashville" from 2012 to 2018. He was born in Pembury, Kent, England.

The Princess Switch: Switched Again

The Princess Switch: Switched Again is an American Christmas romantic comedy movie directed by Mike Rohl. It is a sequel to "The Princess Switch". It stars Vanessa Hudgens, Sam Palladio, Suanne Braun, and Nick Sagar. 

The movie is produced by Brad Krevoy and was released on Netflix on November 19, 2020. Another was released in 2021.

Duchess Margaret unexpectedly inherits the throne to Montenaro and hits a rough patch with boyfriend Kevin at the same time. It's up to her double Princess Stacy to get the star-crossed lovers back together.


Phasmophobia (video game)

Phasmophobia is an indie survival horror game developed and published by Kinetic Games. 

The game was released on Steam for Microsoft Windows in September 2020 in early access, along with VR support. 

The game became popular the following month because of many well-known Twitch streamers and YouTubers playing it, mainly for Halloween. 

In October 2020, the game was the sixth-most popular game on Twitch and the best selling game on Steam globally.

Denny Heck

Dennis Lynn Heck (born July 29, 1952) is an American politician. He is the U.S. Representative for Washington's 10th congressional district since 2013. He is also the Lieutenant Governor-elect of Washington. He is a member of the Democratic Party

On December 4, 2019, Heck announced that he would not seek reelection in 2020. On April 3, 2020 he announced his plans to run for lieutenant governor. He won the general election in November.

Stephanie Bice

Stephanie Bice (née Asady, ; born November 11, 1973) is an American politician. She is the U.S. Representative for since 2021.

She beat the incumbent Democrat Kendra Horn in the 2020 election. Bice is the first Iranian American to be elected to Congress. She has represented the 22nd district in the Oklahoma Senate since 2014. 

Jim Sensenbrenner

Frank James Sensenbrenner Jr. (; born June 14, 1943) is an American politician. He represented in the United States House of Representatives from 1979 to 2021. He is a Republican. 

Sensenbrenner announced in September 2019 that he would not run for re-election in 2020.

Giant bee

Megachile pluto, also known as Wallace's giant bee, is a very large Indonesian bee. It is the largest known living bee species. 

It was believed to be extinct until several specimens were found in 1981. No more were found until two were collected and sold on eBay in 2018. A live female was found and filmed for the first time in 2019.

It is in the Megachilidae family of bees, which carry pollen on their underside. It is about 4 cm long and has a 6 cm wingspan.

Wallace's giant bees build communal nests inside active nests of a tree-dwelling termite. This may have hidden their existence even from island residents. The bee uses tree resin to build compartments inside the termite nest, which protects its galleries. Female bees leave their nests repeatedly to forage for resin. The bee's large jaws help to gather resin: the female makes large balls of resin which are held between the jaws. The association of the bee with the termite may be obligate (it must live there).

Rita Sargsyan

Rita Aleksandri Sargsyan (, "née" Dadayan (), 6 March 1962 – 20 November 2020) was an Armenian socialite. She was the wife of President and Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan from 1983 until her death. 

From 2008 to 2018, she was the First Lady of Armenia.

Sargsyan was born to a military family in Stepanakert, Nagorno-Karabakh Autonomous Oblast. She was a music teacher.

Sargsyan died at the age of 58 from COVID-19 on 20 November 2020.

Sebouh Chouldjian

Archbishop Sebouh Chouldjian (born Haik Sarkis Chouldjian; March 24, 1959 – November 19, 2020) was a Turkish-born Armenian Apostolic prelate. He was the Archbishop of the Diocese of Gougark from 1996 until his death. He was born in Malatya, Turkey.

Chouldjian died of COVID-19 on November 19, 2020 in Yerevan, Armenia at the age of 61.

Gurgen Egiazaryan

Gurgen Ambartsumovich Egiazaryan (29 September 1948 – 28 October 2020) was an Armenian politician and writer. He was born in Yerevan. From 1999 to 2003, he was a member of the Armenian Parliament.

In his later years he wrote three books, "The Children of the Sun" (2011), "The Thief" (2016) and "The Wolf Knot Operation" (2016).

Egiazaryan died on 28 October 2020, aged 72, of COVID-19, during the pandemic in Armenia.

Taihō Code

The Taihō Code was a group of laws in Japan. It was the law during the 700s c.e., which was the Nara period in Japan. Here, "code" means "set of rules."

The Taihō Code had two kinds of laws. It had "ritsu" which were laws about crime and how to arrest people. It had "ryō", which were laws about how to run the government. For example, the ryō said which areas were provinces and who would run them and what things the governors were and were not allowed to do.

The lawmakers who wrote the Taihō Code copied things from Chinese laws. This was the Tang Dynasty in China. But the Japanese lawmakers wrote the Taihō Code to give more government jobs to Japanese noblemen. This was different from the Tang Dynasty laws, which said anyone from any family could work for the government if they took and passed the right tests.

Modern scholars do not have a copy of the entire Taihō Code, but they think it is about the same as the later Yōrō Code.

If the Taihō Code and the Yōrō Code count as the same thing, then they lasted from 702 c.e. until the start of the Tokugawa period in 1232 c.e.

San Chiang tree frog

The San Chiang tree frog or Sanchiang tree toad ("Hyla sanchiangensis") is a frog from China. Scientists saw it between 500 and 1560 meters above sea level in southern Anhui Province, Zheijiang Province, Fujian Province, Guangdong Province, Hunan Province, and Guizhou Province.

This frog is green in color with a light colored belly. It has black spots on its sides and legs. It has a black stripe from its nose over its eye and eardrum down its side. It has vomerine teeth in its upper jaw.

Przemyśl

Przemyśl is a city in the south-east Poland (Subcarpathian Voivodeship). The biggest river is San. 


Big Three (management consultancies)

MBB, or alternatively the Big Three when used in relation to the consulting industry, refers to the three major strategic consulting companies. They are considered to be the most prestigious firms in the management consulting industry.
These three firms have stood out from other competitors and have consolidated as the top-tier of management consulting business.

Fundamental differences against other consultancies include:
Fundamental differences among the three include:
These firms have had a significant impact in the development of modern-day business world and education, notably for the development of new intelligence, such as the Net Promoter Score and the BCG Matrix.

Masaaki Hatsumi

Dr. Masaaki Hatsumi is Grandmaster of the oldest of the shinobi clans in Japan, the Togakure clan. He teaches the history of ninjas at Mie University.

Hatsumi founded the martial arts group Bujinkan, which had more than 300,000 members in 2012. He has also helped moviemakers make martial arts scenes for their movies.

Pauly Shore

Paul Montgomery Shore (born February 1, 1968) is an American actor, comedian and movie director. He's best known for his roles in several comedy movies in the 1990s.


Quick Millions

Quick Millions is a 1931 American crime drama movie directed by Rowland Brown and starring Spencer Tracy, Marguerite Churchill, Sally Eilers, Bob Burns, Warner Redmond, George Raft, John Wray, Ward Bond. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Sefkhet-Abwy

Also known as Seshat, Sefkhet-Abwy was the goddess of writing and libraries. In many depictions she is shown as the daughter of Thoth and Maa't. Her sacred symbols were leopard skin, the tablet, the stylus and the seven pronged star on her headdress. More information available on the Seshat page.

Daniela Nicolás

Daniela Elsa Nicolás Goméz (born June 26, 1991 in Copiapó, Chile) is a television actress, commentator, news presenter, television presenter and beauty pageant titleholder. She is also known for her roles in national television series such as "”Mamá Mechona, de 20 años en 40”" on Channel 13 and "“Wena Profe”" on TVN. On November 20, 2020, Nicolás was crowned Miss Universe Chile 2020 and represented Chile in Miss Universe 2020.

Nicolás began her pageantry career representing Copiapó in the held at the Mediamix Producciones on November 20, 2020, where she was crowned as the new title. As Miss Universo Chile, Nicolás will represent Chile at Miss Universe 2020.

John Konesky

John S. Konesky (born November 19, 1980) is an American guitarist, record producer, and occasional actor.


Monsters at Work

Monsters at Work is an American computer-animated streaming television series. It is a spin-off of the "Monsters, Inc." franchise, as well as a direct sequel to "Monsters, Inc." (2001). It will be the third television series based on properties by Pixar, after "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" and "Forky Asks a Question"; as well as making "Monsters, Inc." the second Pixar franchise to spawn its own series.

The series made its debut on Disney+ on July 7, 2021.

Six Cylinder Love

Six Cylinder Love is a 1931 American comedy movie directed by Thornton Freeland and is the second version of the 1921 play of the same name. It stars Spencer Tracy, Edward Everett Horton, Sidney Fox, Una Merkel, Bert Roach, El Brendel and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Plymouth Adventure

Plymouth Adventure is a 1952 American drama movie directed by Clarence Brown and was based on the 1950 novel of the same name by Ernest Gébler. It stars Spencer Tracy, Gene Tierney, Van Johnson, Leo Genn, Barry Jones, Dawn Addams, Lloyd Bridges, Noel Drayton, Tommy Ivo, Lowell Gilmore and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It won an Academy Award in 1953.


Daughter of the Dragon

Daughter of the Dragon is a 1931 American crime mystery movie directed by Lloyd Corrigan and starring Anna May Wong, Warner Oland, Sessue Hayakawa, Bramwell Fletcher, Frances Dade, Holmes Herbert. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Arecibo Observatory

The Arecibo Observatory is an observatory in Arecibo, Puerto Rico. It is part of the National Astronomy and Ionosphere Center (NAIC). The observatory has a spherical reflector dish built into a natural sinkhole.

For more than 50 years, the Arecibo Observatory had the world's largest single telescope until the Five hundred meter Aperture Spherical Telescope (FAST) in China was built in 2016.

The observatory was damaged by Hurricane Maria in 2017. It was affected by earthquakes in 2019 and 2020. Two cable breaks, one in August 2020 and a second in November 2020, damaging the dish. This caused concern that the telescope might collapse.

The National Science Foundation announced on November 19, 2020 that it would decommission and dismantle the telescope. However, it collapsed on December 1, 2020.

Victor Garber (politician)

Victor Garber (September 14, 1919 – April 7, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Wyoming House of Representatives from 1959 to 1965 and again from 1979 to 1981. He was a businessman in the agriculture industry. He was born in Big Horn, Wyoming.

Garber turned 100 in September 2019. He died in Big Horn on April 7, 2021 at the age of 101.

Big Horn, Wyoming

Big Horn is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Sheridan County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 198 at the 2000 census and 490 at the 2010 census.

Fury (1936 movie)

Fury is a 1936 American crime drama movie directed by Fritz Lang and was based on the story "Mob Rule" by Norman Krasna. It stars Spencer Tracy, Sylvia Sidney, Walter Abel, Bruce Cabot, Walter Brennan, Frank Albertson, Edward Ellis, Gwen Lee, George Chandler, Edwin Maxwell and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1937.


Willie Smith (sprinter)

Willie Smith (February 28, 1956 – November 7, 2020) was an American athlete. He was the national champion 400 metres runner in 1979-80, and a gold medal winner at the 1984 Olympics in the 4 × 400 m relay. He was born Rochester, Pennsylvania.

Smith died on November 7, 2020 at the age of 64.

Rochester, Pennsylvania

Rochester is a borough in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located northwest of Pittsburgh. It is part of the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. The population was 3,472 at the 2020 census.

Beaver, Pennsylvania

Beaver is a borough in and the county seat of Beaver County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the borough population was 4,438. 

French Army

The French Army, officially the Ground Army ( , ) is the land-based and largest part of the French Armed Forces. 

It is responsible to the Government of France. Army units are placed under the authority of the Chief of the Defence Staff (CEMA).

According to British historian Niall Ferguson, out of all recorded conflicts since the year 387 BC, France has fought in 168 of them, won 109, lost 49 and drawn 10.

Niall Ferguson

Niall Campbell Ferguson (; born 18 April 1964) is a Scottish-American historian. He was born in Glasgow. He is the Milbank Family Senior Fellow at the Hoover Institution. He was a professor at Harvard University and New York University.

Ferguson writes and lectures on international history, economic and financial history and British and American imperialism. He is a contributing editor for Bloomberg Television and a columnist for "Newsweek". 

Marc Monchal

Marc Monchal (27 August 1935 – 12 November 2020) was a French Army General. He was Chief of Staff of the French Army from 17 April 1991 to 27 August 1996. He was the Head of the Minister of Defence's military cabinet from 17 April 1989 to 17 May 1991. Monchal was born in Die, France.

Monchal died on 12 November 2020 at the age of 85.

Iwannis Louis Awad

Iwannis Louis Awad (17 April 1934 – 18 November 2020) was a Syriac Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1957. He was titular bishop of 'Zeugma in Syria' and as apostolic exarch of the Syriac Catholic Apostolic Exarchate of Venezuela from 2003 to 2011.

Awad died on 18 November 2020 at the age of 86.

Alcino Pinto

Alcino Martino de Barros Pinto (1955/56 – 19 November 2020) was a São Toméan politician. He was President of the National Assembly of São Tomé and Príncipe from November 28, 2012 to November 22, 2014.

Pinto died on 19 November 2020 at the age of 64.

The Outsider (Colin Wilson)

The Outsider is a 1956 book by English writer Colin Wilson.

Mainly through the works of Dostoyevsky, Kafka, Camus and Sartre, Wilson explores the psyche of the Outsider, his effect on society, and society's effect on him. 

The writers and artists he considers include H. G. Wells ("Mind at the end of its tether"), T. S. Eliot, Ernest Hemingway, Hermann Hesse, T. E. Lawrence, Vincent van Gogh, Vaslav Nijinsky, George Bernard Shaw, William Blake, Friedrich Nietzsche, and George Gurdjieff. 

The overriding theme linking these writers is the theme of anomie, nihilism, or alienation from society. 

National Assembly (São Tomé and Príncipe)

The National Assembly (Portuguese: "Assembleia Nacional") is the unicameral legislative body of the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe.

The Assembly is elected for a four-year term. The Assembly can be dissolved by the President of the Republic in case of a "serious institutional crisis", only with the approval of the Council of State.

Ricky Yacobi

Ricky Yacobi (born Ricky bin Yacub; 12 March 1963 – 21 November 2020) was an Indonesian football player. He played as a striker. He played for the Indonesian national football team from 1985 to 1990. 

On 21 November 2020, Yacobi died of a heart attack while playing football at the Gelora Bung Karno Sports Complex in Jakarta, aged 57.

Ernesto Canto

Ernesto Canto Gudiño (18 October 1959 – 20 November 2020) was a Mexican race walker. He mainly competed in the 20 kilometer walk. Canto was born in Mexico City. He competed for Mexico at the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles, United States where he won the gold medal in the men's 20 kilometer walk event. 

Canto died on 20 November 2020 at the age of 61 from pancreatic and liver cancer in Mexico City, aged 61.

Marian Cycoń

Marian Cycoń (17 July 1940 – 20 November 2020) was a Polish politician. He was born in Barcice Dolne, Poland. He was a member of Sejm from 1997 to 2001 and again from 2011 to 2015. He also was the Mayor of Nowy Sącz from 1988 to 1990 and of Stary Sącz from 1995 to 1998 and again from 2002 to 2011.

Cycoń died on 20 November 2020 at the age of 80.

Judith Jarvis Thomson

Judith Jarvis Thomson (October 4, 1929November 20, 2020) was an American moral philosopher. She was elected a member of the American Philosophical Society in 2019. She was known for her "violinist" argument.

In 2016, she was elected a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy.

Thomson was born in New York City. She studied at Barnard College, Cambridge University and at Columbia University. Thomson died on November 20, 2020 at the age of 91.


Barnard College

Barnard College is a private women's liberal arts college in New York City. 

It was founded in 1889 by Annie Nathan Meyer after Columbia University's did not allow women to attend the university. It is named after Columbia's 10th president, Frederick Barnard.

Hannu Lahtinen

Hannu Antero Lahtinen (20 September 1960 – November 2020) was a Finnish greco-roman style wrestler. He competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics. Lahtinen was born in Jalasjärvi.

Lahtinen died from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in Helsinki in November 2020 at the age of 60.

Jan Morris

Jan Morris, CBE, FRSL (2 October 1926 – 20 November 2020) was a Welsh historian, author and travel writer. She was known for her writing work "Pax Britannica" trilogy (1968–1978). 

She also wrote about the history of the British Empire, and painted portraits of cities, including Oxford, Venice, Trieste, Hong Kong, and New York City. 

She published under her birth name, James, until 1972, when she had gender reassignment surgery after transitioning from male to female.

Lithia Springs, Georgia

Lithia Springs () is a census-designated place and unincorporated area, formerly incorporated as a city, located in northeastern Douglas County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 U.S. Census, the community had a population of 16,644.

Austell, Georgia

Austell is a city in Cobb County in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is part of the Atlanta metropolitan area. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 7,713.

Villa Rica, Georgia

Villa Rica (Spanish, Italian, and Portuguese translation: Rich Village) is a city in Carroll and Douglas counties in the U.S. state of Georgia.

Antony Blinken

Antony John Blinken (born April 16, 1962) is an American politician. Blinken is the 71st and current United States Secretary of State since January 26, 2021. He was the United States Deputy Secretary of State from 2015 to 2017 and Deputy National Security Advisor from 2013 to 2015 under President Barack Obama.

In November 2020, President-elect Joe Biden chose Blinken to be United States Secretary of State. Blinken was confirmed by the Senate on January 26, 2021, in a 78-22 confirmation vote.

He plays guitar and has two songs available on Spotify.

In 2002, he married Evan Ryan. They have two daughters.

Randi Weingarten

Randi Weingarten (born December 18, 1957) is an American labor leader, attorney, and educator. She was born in New York City. She is president of the American Federation of Teachers (AFT) and a member of the AFL–CIO.

She is the former president of the United Federation of Teachers. Weingarten is openly lesbian.

Dufourspitze

The Dufourspitze is a mountain in the Alps.

With a height of 4634 metres, it is the highest mountain peak in Switzerland and also the second-highest peak in the Alps in and Western Europe after Mont Blanc. The mountain is on the border between Switzerland and Italy.

The mountain is named after the famous swiss engineer and topographer Guillaume Henri Dufour. 

2020 Turkish Grand Prix

The 2020 Turkish Grand Prix (officially known as the Formula 1 DHL Turkish Grand Prix 2020) was a motor race for Formula One cars which took place on 15 November 2020 at Istanbul Park in Tuzla, Istanbul, Turkey. The race was the 14th round of the 2020 Formula One World Championship and the eighth running of the Turkish Grand Prix since the event was first held in .

The race was won by Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton ahead of Sergio Pérez in a Racing Point-Mercedes and the Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel. With this win Hamilton claimed his seventh World Championship title, equalling the record set by Michael Schumacher. Hamilton's title also marked the seventh consecutive time a Mercedes driver had won the World Drivers' Championship.

Meaghan Smith

Meaghan Smith is a Canadian musician and singer-songwriter. Her independently produced first studio album, "The Cricket's Orchestra", was released in 2009. At the 2011 Juno Awards, Smith won Best New Artist. Her album, "Have a Heart", was released on April 22, 2014.

Smith has been given high marks for her Christmas albums and concerts. The albums have many traditional Christmas carols and her own single "It Snowed".

Smith was born in London, Ontario.

Addis Abeba

Addis Abeba is the Italian name for the capital of Ethiopia (Addis Ababa), during the nearly six years when Ethiopia was in the Italian Empire (from 1935 to 1941).

The name "Addis Abeba" is related to the capital of Ethiopia during the more than five years of Italian occupation of Ethiopia. Addis Abeba grew from less than 45,000 in 1936 to nearly 150,000 inhabitants in spring 1941, when the Italians were defeated and the Allies (with emperor Selassie) returned to the city.

Soon after the conquest in early 1936, the city was improved with many structures, from paved roads to sewage systems. A new urban masterplan was studied for the city, that was approved in 1938 and by late 1940 Addis Abeba (where the Italian were more than one third of the inhabitants) was full of constructions (that were blocked because of WW2).

Addis Abeba was the administrative capital of the "Scioa governorate" in the Italian East Africa.

Because the Italian rule lasted just five years, only a few of the many Italian buildings & projects were completed: one was the Addis Abeba Stadium, inaugurated in spring 1940. Originally in 1937 it was called "Campo sportivo Littorio", while in 1940 it was enlarged with a tribune and the athletic lanes section.

In spring 1941 ceased to exist the Italian administration of Addis Abeba and most of the more than 40,000 Italians living in the city started to return to Italy.



Eternal Word Television Network

Eternal Word Television Network (EWTN) is a very popular television channel for Catholics. At four in the afternoon, there is a special time for children on EWTN. EWTN is also useful for non-Christians who want to learn about the Catholic faith. 

EWTN has a website called EWTN.com. At this web site, people can learn about being Catholic and see when the programs come on. EWTN.com has a special blog for kids.

Civil defence shelter in Przemyśl

Civil defence shelter is one of the Civil Defence objects in Przemyśl. Since 2016 is available for tourists thanks local association (Przemyskie Stowarzyszenie Rekonstrukcji Historycznej "X D.O.K.").


The Beloved Bachelor

The Beloved Bachelor is a 1931 American drama movie directed by Lloyd Corrigan and starring Paul Lukas, Dorothy Jordan, Vivienne Osbourne, Charlie Ruggles, Marjorie Gateson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The Mask of Fu Manchu

The Mask of Fu Manchu is a 1932 American adventure horror movie directed by Charles Brabin and Charles Vidor. It was based on the 1932 novel of the same name by Sax Rohmer. The movie starred Boris Karloff as Fu Manchu and Myrna Loy as his daughter Fah Lo Suee. Other charachters are played by Lewis Stone, Karen Morley, Charles Starrett, Jean Hersholt, Lawrence Grant. The movie was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

The plot line is a race to find the tomb of Genghis Khan. The film brought protests from both the Chinese and Japanese governments of the day. Scenes were cut in response, and later restored.

In the film (but not in the book series) Fu Manchu is killed.


Edward, My Son

Edward, My Son is a 1949 British American drama movie directed by George Cukor and was based on the 1947 play of the same name by Noel Langley and Robert Morley. It stars Spencer Tracy, Deborah Kerr (in her Oscar nominated role), Ian Hunter, Mervyn Johns, Leueen McGrath, Felix Aylmer, Walter Fitzgerald and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


DoorDash

DoorDash Inc. is an American on-demand prepared food delivery service. founded by Stanford students Tony Xu, Stanley Tang, Andy Fang and Evan Moore. It is one of several technology companies. It uses logistics services to offer food deliveries from restaurants on-demand. DoorDash launched in Palo Alto and, as of May 2019, had expanded to more than 4,000 cities and offers a selection of 340,000 stores across the United States, Canada and Australia. 

It is expected to launch an IPO in 2020, the company is currently worth close to $16 billion and is the largest third-party delivery service in the U.S., surpassing Grubhub in 2019.

Restaurants delivered by DoorDash include Long John Silver's, Taco Bell and Chick-fil-A.

Goldie

Goldie is a 1931 American romantic comedy movie directed by Benjamin Stoloff and was a remake of the 1928 movie "A Girl in Every Port". It stars Jean Harlow, Spencer Tracy, Warren Hymer and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


A Girl in Every Port (1928 movie)

A Girl in Every Port is a 1928 American romantic comedy movie directed by Howard Hawks and starring Victor McLaglen, Robert Armstrong, Louise Brooks, Natalie Joyce, Francis McDonald, Leila Hyams, Natalie Kingston, Sally Rand. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was remade in 1931 as "Goldie".


Picard language

Picard is a Romance language spoken in the north of France and in the south of Belgium. It is one of the langues d'oïl. The language is often called ch'ti or ch'timi in most of the Nord-Pas-de-Calais, Rouchi near Valenciennes, Roubaignot near Roubaix and "patois" in Picardy, as well as "Picard" everywhere.

In 1998, there were around 700,000 people who spoke Picard as a first language.

List of Animaniacs episodes

Animaniacs is an American animated series that aired on 1993 until 1998.

List of My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic characters

This is a list of characters from , an animated television series based on the toyline created by Hasbro. The series features characters and settings developed by Lauren Faust, who sought to create more in-depth characters than the stereotypical "girly" icons used in previous iterations of the franchise.

Hasbro initially hired Faust to create a pitch bible for the show, allowing her to get additional help with conceptualization. Faust said she was "extremely skeptical" about taking the job at first because she had always found shows based on girls' toys to be boring and unrelatable. She was disappointed that what she thought of the toys at the time was nothing like the animated shows, in which the characters, according to her, "had endless tea parties, giggled over nothing and defeated villains by either sharing with them or crying". With the chance to work on "My Little Pony", one of her favorite childhood toys, she hoped to prove that "cartoons for girls don't have to be a puddle of smooshy, cutesy-wootsy, goody-two-shoeness". To do this, she incorporated many elements into the show that subverted stereotypes of girls, such as diverse personalities, character flaws and personality disorders, the message that friends can be different and can get into arguments but still be friends, and the idea that girls should not be limited by what others say they can or can not do. Elements of the characters' personalities and the show's settings were based on her own childhood imagination of the ponies' adventures, in part inspired by the animated shows that her brothers would watch while growing up, such as "Transformers" and "". Faust still aimed for the characters to be "relatable" characters, using stereotypical "icons of girliness" to broaden the appeal of the characters for the young female audience.




Acerola

Acerola "()," also known as Guarani cherry, Barbados Cherry, West Indian Cherry, or Wild Crepe Myrtle is a red fruit that looks a lot like a cherry. The Acerola plants are Evergreen tropical shrubs that originated in but can be found as far north as as well as in subtropical areas of .

There Is one reported and scientifically proven benefit from consumption of Acerola fruits. One thing that is often brought up is the very high (Ascorbic Acid) content, which is proven to have a beneficial effects on skin, hair, and immune health as well as preventing Scurvy. 

Growth Range Source

Benefits Source

Captains Courageous (movie)

Captains Courageous is a 1937 American adventure movie directed by Victor Fleming and was based on the 1897 novel of the same name by Rudyard Kipling. It stars Spencer Tracy, Freddie Bartholomew, Lionel Barrymore, Melvyn Douglas, Mickey Rooney, John Carradine, Oscar O'Shea and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 4 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1938.


John Tyndall

John Tyndall FRS 2 August 1820 – 4 December 1893) was an important 19th-century Irish physicist. He studied diamagnetism. Later he made discoveries about infrared radiation and the physical properties of the air. In 1859 he proved the connection between atmospheric CO and what is now known as the greenhouse effect.

Tyndall also published more than a dozen science books which brought state-of-the-art 19th century experimental physics to a wide audience. From 1853 to 1887 he was professor of physics at the Royal Institution of Great Britain in London.

Cameo Kirby (1923 movie)

Cameo Kirby is a 1923 American drama movie directed by John Ford and is the second version of the 1909 play of the same name by Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wilson. It stars John Gilbert, Gertrude Olmstead, Alan Hale Sr., Eric Mayne, Jean Arthur and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Szczecin-Dąbie Airstrip

Szczecin-Dąbie Airstrip is a small airstrip on right side of the river in Szczecin (Poland) in Dąbie. It was built on grass in 1921. During the Third Reich, there were a lot of domestic flights from this airport. After World War II to 23 May 1967, when the airport was moved to Goleniów, it was the main airport of Szczecin, where LOT Polish Airlines has their flights. Now it is a sport airstrip for small airplanes.

Bert Newton

Albert Watson Newton (23 July 1938 – 30 October 2021) was an Australian media personality. He was a member of the Logie Hall of Fame as a four-time Gold Logie award-winning entertainer and radio, theatre and television presenter. He hosted shows such as "In Melbourne Tonight", "New Faces", "Good Morning Australia", "20 to 1" and "Bert's Family Feud".

Newton was born in Fitzroy, Victoria. He was married to Patti Newton ("née" McGrath). The couple had two children, actor Matthew and TV personality Lauren.

Newton died on 30 October 2021, aged 83.

Antinatalism

Antinatalism, or anti-natalism, is a philosophical stance and social movement that gives a negative value to starting life. Antinatalists argue that humans (and sometimes other sentient beings) should stop making kids because it is morally bad. People who believe that making kids is morally good are called natalists. The term antinatalism was likely used for the first time by Belgian author Théophile de Giraud in his book "L'art de guillotiner les procréateurs: Manifeste anti-nataliste". South African philosopher David Benatar has also published books in support of antinatalism.

Negative Utilitarianism is the idea that stopping pain is more important than making people happy. This makes it different from utilitarianism. Utilitarianism is the idea that people should do the most useful thing. The most useful thing in utilitarianism is making people happy. People who believe in negative utilitarianism idea say that making happiness is not needed. Since life has bad things, it is not worth starting. Some supporters of this idea argue that the worst pains in life do not make up for the best moments. This makes life not worth starting because it is too risky.

Realism can support antinatalism. This is because supporters of the idea have evidence showing that most people have an optimism bias. This means that they see the world as better than it actually is.

Religion can support antinatalism. This is because some religious sects (groups) believe creating life traps souls in a bad world. The Manichaeans, the Bogomils, and the Cathars are some of these groups that believe in the idea. Others include the Marcionites, and the Encratites.

Natalists say that making kids is good because most people are happy.


Heptene

Heptene is an alkene with a molecular formula CH. The prefix "hept" is derived from the fact that there are 7 carbon atoms in the molecule, while the "-ene" suffix denotes that there is an alkene present—two carbon atoms are connected via a double bond.

Pilatus (mountain)

Pilatus, also often referred to as Mount Pilatus, is a 2,129 metre high mountain overlooking Lucerne in Central Switzerland. It is on the border between the cantons of Lucerne, Nidwalden and Obwalden. The Pilatusbahn brings people close to the summit of the mountain at 2,073 metres and is the steepest cogwheel railway in the world.

Artemije Radosavljević

Artemije Radosavljević (; 15 January 193521 November 2020) was a Serbian Orthodox bishop. He was the head of the Eparchy of Raška and Prizren from 1991 until 2010. 

Bishop Artemije was born as Marko Radosavljević in the village of Lelić

Artemije died on 21 November 2020 from COVID-19 in Valjevo, Serbia at the age of 85.

Hispanic and Latino Americans

Hispanic and Latino Americans are Americans who are descendants of people from Spain and Latin America.

Gylfi Einarsson

Gylfi Einarsson (born 27 October 1978, in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic football player.

Rance Allen

Rance Allen (November 19, 1948 – October 31, 2020) was an American Bishop, Minister, and gospel singer. He was the founder and leader of the Rance Allen Group. 

He was the senior pastor of the New Bethel Church Of God In Christ in Toledo, Ohio. In November 2011, Allen became Bishop in the Church of God in Christ, for the Michigan Northwestern Harvest Jurisdiction.

Allen was born in Monroe, Michigan.

Allen died on October 31, 2020 from surgery-related problems, aged 71.

Roku

Roku ( ) is a digital media players brand manufactured by American company Roku, Inc.. It allows streaming of videos. It also have its own channel called Roku Channel. On August 8, 2018, The Roku Channel became available on the web as well. Roku also added the "Featured Free" section in which users can get access to direct streaming of shows and movies from its partners.

Chromecast

Chromecast is a digital media player from Google. It plugs into the HDMI port on a TV. The Chromecast shows content from a smart phone, tablet or PC on the TV. 

The Chromecast has an HDMI plug, and a micro-USB port. Power comes from a USB port on a TV or from the included power adapter.

Chromecast needs both Wi-Fi and a phone, computer, tablet, etc. to work. Many apps support Chromecast, such as Spotify, Youtube, Viaplay, Netflix, Dplay, Disney+, HBO, and Hulu. 

There is also a newer Chromecast with Google TV a USB-C port instead of micro-USB. It has up to 4K resolution.

Amazon Fire TV

Amazon Fire TV (stylized as amazon fireTV) is a type of digital media player and microconsoles developed by Amazon. Dan Seifert from The Verge reviewed Fire TV on April 4, 2014. He gives a 8.8/10 rating and praised its functionality and future potential.

Men Without Women (movie)

Men Without Women is a 1930 American action drama movie directed by John Ford and starring Kenneth MacKenna, Frank Albertson, J. Farrell MacDonald, Warren Hymer, Paul Page, Walter McGrail, Stuart Erwin, John Wayne. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Red Dust

Red Dust is a 1932 American romantic drama movie directed by Victor Fleming and was based on the 1928 play of the same name by Wilson Collison. It stars Clark Gable, Jean Harlow, Mary Astor, Gene Raymond, Tully Marshall, Donald Crisp and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was remade as "Mogambo" in 1953.


Edison, the Man

Edison, the Man is a 1940 American biographical drama movie directed by Clarence Brown and is the sequel to the 1940 movie "Young Tom Edison". It stars Spencer Tracy, Rita Johnson, Charles Coburn, Gene Lockhart, Henry Travers, Lynne Overman, Gene Reynolds, Milton Parsons and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1941.


Herbert Franklin Solow

Herbert Franklin Solow (December 14, 1930 – November 19, 2020), professionally known as Herb Solow, was an American motion picture and television executive, screenwriter, motion picture and television producer, director and talent agent.

Solow joined MGM Television as vice president in charge of television production. He was in charge of producing "Medical Center", "Then Came Bronson" (produced by Robert H. Justman and Robert Sabaroff), and "The Courtship of Eddie's Father". rned to Malibu, California, in 2009.

Solow died on November 19, 2020, at the age of 89.

Solow was a member of the Writers Guild of America, the Directors Guild of America and the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) and served on the Foreign Film, Documentary, and Special Effects Committees of AMPAS.


Boys Town (1938 movie)

Boys Town is a 1938 American drama movie directed by Norman Taurog and starring Spencer Tracy, Mickey Rooney, Leslie Fenton, Gene Reynolds, Edward Norris, Addison Richards, Jonathan Hale, Bobs Watson, Frankie Thomas. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 5 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1939. It was followed up by 1941 movie "Men of Boys Town".


Fig Leaves

Fig Leaves is a 1926 American comedy movie directed by Howard Hawks and starring George O'Brien, Olive Borden, Phyllis Haver, George Beranger, William Austin. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

List of titles and honours of the French crown

The french crown (509 - 24 August 1838) was a number of titles of the crown of France. Before the kingdom of France was the kingdom of the Franks ruled by Clovis I. Clovis was the first king of the Franks. After Clovis's death he split his kingdoms between his sons. His eldest son got Orléans. His second son got Paris and soon after his older brothers death he took Orléans. Clovis's most successful son Chlothar I became King of the franks, king of Paris, King of Reims, King of Soissons. Clovis's least successful son Theuderic I became King of Metz. After many years Louis the Pious son of Charlemange became the first King in many years to take over most of France. In 1190, Philip II of France was the first King to be called "King of France". on May 14, 1610 the kingdom of Navarre united with the Kingdom of France under Henry IV of France. After the French Revolution. King Louis XVI, and his wife Marie Antoinette of Austria were deposed and beheaded by Guillotine. Emperor Napolean took control of France after the Reign of terror. Napolean was soon exiled and forced to abdicate. Following the next few years there was debate on who should be King of France. After a few decades no one became King. There are 3 current claims to the French throne today.

There names are:


In the 1300's there had been English Claims to the french throne. But those claims ended.









Riffraff (1936 movie)

Riffraff is a 1936 American crime drama movie directed by J. Walter Ruben and starring Spencer Tracy, Jean Harlow, Una Merkel, Joseph Calleia, Victor Kilian, Mickey Ronney, Roger Imhof, Juanita Quigley. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Brereton Report

The Inspector-General of the Australian Defence Force Afghanistan Inquiry Report, commonly known as the Brereton Report, is a report into war crimes done by the Australian Defence Force (ADF) during the War in Afghanistan between 2005 and 2016. The investigation was led by Major General Paul Brereton. 

The report found evidence of 39 unlawful killings, mainly of civilians and prisoners, which had been covered up by ADF personnel. The report said that 25 ADF personnel were involved in the killings, including those who were "accessories" to the incident. 

The unlawful killings began in 2009, with most occurring in 2012 and 2013. 

Treaty on Open Skies

The Treaty on Open Skies began on January 1, 2002, and currently has 34 party states. It created a program of unarmed aerial surveillance flights over the entire territory of its participants. 

The treaty is designed to help create a mutual understanding and confidence by giving all participants the ability to gather information about military forces and activities of concern to them. 

The idea of "mutual aerial observation" was proposed to Soviet Premier Nikolai Bulganin at the Geneva Conference of 1955 by U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower. The treaty was eventually signed as an initiative of U.S. president George H. W. Bush in 1989. The agreement was signed in Helsinki, Finland, on March 24, 1992.

The United States officially withdrew on 22 November 2020.

Llandaff

Llandaff is a village in Cardiff, Wales. In 2011, 8,997 people lived there.

Stuart Little (TV series)

Stuart Little (also known as Stuart Little: The Animated Series) is an American animated television series, based on the "Stuart Little" book.

The series stars David Kaufman as the voice of Stuart, replacing Michael J. Fox. Most of the cast from the films did not reprise their roles, except for Hugh Laurie as Mr. Little.


With the exceptions of Laurie, Jones, and Jefferies, none of the actors from the films reprised their roles.


Grundig

Grundig (; ) was a consumer electronics manufacturer owned by Arçelik A.Ş.. In 2007, Koç Holding bought Grundig. The brand is now under its home appliances subsidiary Arcelik A.Ş. Koç has more than 80,000 employees. Grundig has factories in several European cities that produces products to more than 65 countries around the world.

GameStop

GameStop is an American company that sells things like video games. The company is based in Grapevine, Texas, United States. Grapevine is a suburb of Fort Worth. Plus, it has over 5,509+ retail stores throughout the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and Europe, all around the world. Children from aged 0-18 years old will feel the right while choosing an age-appropriate game for home. This is as of February 1, 2020. 

Khandaker Abdullah Jahangir

Dr Khandaker A.N.M Abdullah Jahangir (Bengali: ড. খোন্দকার আব্দুল্লাহ জাহাঙ্গীর) is Bangladeshi Islamic Scholar, Professor, Writer and preacher of Islam. He was a professor at Islamic University, Kushtia. He has written many books on Islami, which include "Hādīsēra nāmē jāliẏāti" (Eng: Fraud in the name of Hadith). He discusses contemporary issues of Islam on various TV channel of Bangladesh. He used to hold Islamic Mahfil and Waj in different parts of the country.

Jahangir was born in 1 February 1961 in the village of Gobindpur-Dhopaghat village in Jhenaidah Sadar Upazila at Jhenaidah District. His Father name is Khandaker Anwaruzzaman and mother's name is Begum Lutfunnahar.

He was educated up to class five at Bhutiargati Government Primary School in Jhenaidah. Then he passed Dakhil in 1973, Alim in 1975 and Fadil in 1977 from Jhenidah Siddikia Kamil Madrasah. Then He complete his Kamil degree from Government Madrasah-e-Alia, Dhaka on Al-Hadith department. He went to Saudi Arabia for higher study and he get chance Imam Muhammad ibn Saud Islamic University in Riyadh. He complete Honors in 1986 and Masters in 1992 from this university. Then He complete his PhD in 1997 at the same university. Studying university He was educated by , , and .

In addition to his studies at the Madrasa, he passed the SSC, HSC examinations from Government Hossain Shaheed Suhrawardy College, Magura and secured the first place in the Jessore Board. At that time, those who had won the first place in various education boards of Bangladesh, then President Ziaur Rahman took them on a boat trip as part of the state honors. Abdullah Jahangir was also among them. 

Studying at the university, he received two consecutive Student awards from the King of Saudi Arabia and the then Governor of Riyadh, Salman bin Abdul Aziz. In Bangladesh, He learned from Ayub Ali, Ubaidul Haq, Miya Muhammad Kasemi, Mawlana Abdur Rahim and so on.

Abdus salam Azadi syas,

After finishing Kamil at Dhaka Alia Madrasa, he taught Nasna Nurnagar Siddiquia Dakhil Madrasah, Jhenaidah for about two years. In his university life, he worked as a clerk and translator at the Northern Riyadh Islamic Center from 1993 to 1996. Complete his education life in Saudi Arab, He back Bangladesh and join as lecturer in 1998 at Islamic University in Al Hadith department. In 1999, he received advanced training in Islamic development and Arabic from Indonesia. In 2009, he was promoted to the post of Professor in the same department of the Islamic University, Bangladesh. He also taught as a part-time Hadith teacher at the Darussalam Madrasa in Dhaka.

He was the Imam of Jhenaidah Jame Mosque and Central Eidgah Maidan till his death. He was a popular speaker in the Waz mahfil. He used to visit remote areas of Bangladesh and recite the pure message of Islam to the people.

Jahangir write many book about three language. His "Hādīsēra nāmē jāliẏāti" book (Bengali: হাদিসের নামে জালিয়াতি) and Rāhē bēlāẏāta (Bengali: রাহে বেলায়েত) is very popular in Bangladesh, India and Pakistan. He write more than 30 books and 50 article in national and international journal. His selective Books are below:



He establish many social and educational institute in his locality and abroad the country. There are:


He was married to Fatima, daughter of Pir Abdul Kahhar Siddiqui of Furfura Sharif. There are one son and three daughters. Many people and native Islamic scholars have praised him.

Abdullah Jahangir died in a road accident on the spot on May 11, 2016 on the Dhaka-Khulna highway in Magura in the collision of his microbus and covered-van. Many people condoled his death.

Acrophobia

Acrohobia is the fear of heights. People with acrophobia experience a fear or phobia when they are at a certain height, and they are being made aware of it. The word is derived from Ancient Greek akros - top, height, and phobia - fear. People who do not suffer from acrophobia are said to have a head for heights. Vertigo is often used to describe a fear of heights.

Alejandro Mayorkas

Alejandro Nicholas Mayorkas (born November 24, 1959) is a Cuban-American lawyer and politician. Mayorkas is the 7th and current United States Secretary of Homeland Security since February 2, 2021 during the Joe Biden cabinet. He was the Deputy Secretary of the United States Department of Homeland Security from December 23, 2013 to October 31, 2016. 

Alejandro Nicholas Mayorkas was born in Havana, Cuba, on November 24, 1959. When he was one year old, his parents fled with him and his sister to the United States in 1960 as refugees, following the Cuban Revolution. He lived in Miami, Florida, before his family moved to Los Angeles, California, where he was raised. 

Mayorkas graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1981 with a Bachelor of Arts degree with distinction. He received his Juris Doctor in 1985 from Loyola Law School, where he was an editor of the "Loyola of Los Angeles Entertainment Law Review".

On November 23, 2020, then President-elect Joe Biden announced that his plans to nominate Mayorkas to be the next United States Secretary of Homeland Security. In February 2021, Mayorkas was confirmed by the United States Senate on a 56-43 vote with many Republicans criticizing his nomination. Mayorkas is the first refugee and first person born in Latin America to lead the department.

Early on in his tenure, arrests increased at the Mexico-United States border. In June 2021, the monthly number of arrested migrants reached a decade high of 188,800.

On October 31, 2023, Mayorkas testified before the Senate Homeland Security Committee, saying that more than 600,000 people illegally made their way into the United States without being apprehended by border agents during the 2023 fiscal year.

On February 13, 2024, Mayorkas was impeached, with a 214–213 vote, by the United States House of Representatives. This came after an earlier unsuccessful impeachment vote one week before. Mayorkas is only the second cabinet member to be impeached, the first being Secretary of War William Belknap in 1876.

Mayorkas and his wife Tanya have two daughters.


Avril Haines

Avril Danica Haines (born August 29, 1969) is an American lawyer and politician. In January 2021, Haines became the 7th Director of National Intelligence during the Joe Biden administration.

She was the White House Deputy National Security Advisor in Barack Obama's administration. She was Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, the first woman to hold this position. 

On November 23, 2020, President-elect Joe Biden announced his plans to nominate Haines for Director of National Intelligence, which would make her the first woman to hold this position. She was confirmed in a 84–10 vote on January 20, 2021. Haines is the first female National Intelligence Director in American history.

Her father is biochemist Thomas H. Haines.

Linda Thomas-Greenfield

Linda Thomas-Greenfield (born November 22, 1952) is an American diplomat. Thomas-Greenfield has been the 31st United States Ambassador to the United Nations since February 25, 2021. She was the Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs in the United States Department of State's Bureau of African Affairs from 2013 to 2017.

In November 2020, President Joe Biden announced his plans to nominate Thomas-Greenfield as the next United States Ambassador to the United Nations. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 23, 2021 by a 78 to 20 vote.

U.S. Special Presidential Envoy for Climate

The U.S. Special Presidential Envoy for Climate is a position in the Government of the United States with authority over energy policy within the executive branch.

In November 2020, President-elect Joe Biden announced former U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry would serve as his Special Presidential Envoy for Climate.

Maria Bamford

Maria Elizabeth Sheldon Bamford (born September 3, 1970) is an American stand-up comedian and actress. She is the voice of Pema in Nickelodeon cartoon "The Legend of Korra" notable various cartoon companies like Cartoon Network includes, her role related to Princess Morbucks in Season 3 from Craig McCracken's "The Powerpuff Girls", "Adventure Time", "Dexter's Laboratory", Nickelodeon includes "CatDog", "Hey, Arnold", "The Legend of Korra", "Pig Goat Banana Cricket", "SpongeBob SquarePants", "Barnyard", as well the It's Pony, and the upcoming role in "Fairly OddParents: Fairly Odder". others like, "Nutri Ventures", "Shorty McShorts Short", "Coconut Fred". She is also known for her Netflix comedy specials.

Bamford was born on September 3, 1970 at California, United States. Bamford has stated that when she was younger she was often troubled with her anxiety and bouts of what she has called "Unwanted Thoughts Syndrome", a subset of obsessive–compulsive disorder. 

She attended Bates College in Lewiston, Maine, but Bamford transferred to the University of Edinburg. After a year in Scotland, she transferred back to her home state and enrolled at the University of Minnesota. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in English. 

Filmography 

Natasha Leggero

Natasha Leggero (; born March 26, 1974) is an American comedian, actress, and writer. She is known for her appearance on Chelsea Handler's late-night talk show "Chelsea Lately" from 2008 to 2014. 

She voiced Callie Maggotbone in Comedy Central's "Ugly Americans" (2010–2012), Ethel in Comedy Central's "Brickleberry" (2013–2015), and Shannon in Netflix's "Hoops" (2020).

Vandana Shiva

Vandana Shiva (born 5 November 1952) is an Indian scholar, writer, environmentalist and feminist. Shiva has written more than 20 books. Shiva was born in Dehradun, present-day Uttarakhand. 

Shiva is one of the leaders and board members of the International Forum on Globalization (with Jerry Mander, Ralph Nader, and Jeremy Rifkin), and a figure of the anti-globalization movement.

Jeremy Rifkin

Jeremy Rifkin (born January 26, 1945) is an American economic and social theorist, writer, public speaker, political advisor, and activist. Rifkin is the author of 21 books. His works talk about impact of scientific and technological changes on the economy, the workforce, society, and the environment.

His most recent books include, "The Green New Deal" (2019), "The Zero Marginal Cost Society" (2014), "The Third Industrial Revolution" (2011), "The Empathic Civilization" (2010), and "The European Dream" (2004).

Carolyn Merchant

Carolyn Merchant (born July 12, 1936) is an American ecofeminist philosopher and historian. She is known for her book "The Death of Nature". Her works were important in environmental history and the history of science. 

She is Professor of Environmental History, Philosophy, and Ethics at UC Berkeley. She was born in Rochester, New York.

Kjartan Jóhannsson

Kjartan Jóhannsson (19 December 1939 – 13 November 2020) an Icelandic politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party. Jóhannsson was born in Reykjavík, Iceland. 

He was the Minister of Fisheries between 1978 to 1980. From 1979 to 1980, he was the Minister of Commerce.

Jóhannsson died on 13 November 2020 in Reykjavík at the age of 80.

David Hemblen

David Hemblen (16 September 1941 – 16 November 2020) was an English actor. He was born in London, but raised in Toronto.

He is known for his role as George in "La Femme Nikita", Customs inspector in Atom Egoyan's "Exotica", Lord Dread/Lyman Taggert in "Captain Power and the Soldiers of the Future", Detective Dick Hargrove in "T. and T." and as Inspector Winterguild in "". 

He is also known for his role as Johnathan Doors in "" and for voicing the character of Magneto in the X-Men animated series from 1992 to 1997.

Hemblen died on 16 November 2020 in Toronto at the age of 79.

CBC News

CBC News is the division of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation that is in charge for the news gathering and production of news programs on the corporation's English-language operations. It was founded in 1941. CBC News is the largest news broadcaster in Canada and has local, regional and national broadcasts and stations. 


Kay Morley

Kay Morley (April 17, 1920- November 17, 2020) was an American actress. She worked in Hollywood in the 1940s and 1950s. Kay was born in Pocatello, Idaho. She spent her childhood on a Native American reservation where her father was superintendent. She is mostly known for her work in B movies. Morley got her start in Hollywood as a Goldwyn glamour girl. From there, she won roles on movies like "Up in Arms" and "Youth Aflame"; after a string of silver screen roles in the 1940s, she worked mostly in television in the 1950s.

Morley died on November 17, 2020, aged 100.


Helen Morgan (field hockey)

Helen Jane Morgan (married name Grandon; 20 July 1966 – 19 November 2020) was a Welsh field hockey player. She was a member of the British squad that won the bronze medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. She was born in Porthcawl, Bridgend, Wales.

Morgan died of cancer on 19 November 2020 at the age of 54.

Hayford Peirce

Hayford Peirce (January 7, 1942 – November 19, 2020) was an American writer of science fiction, mysteries, and spy thrillers. He wrote many short stories for the science-fiction magazines "Analog", "Galaxy", and "Omni".

He also wrote mystery short stories for "Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine" and "Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine".

Peirce shot himself in the head on November 19, 2020 in Tucson, Arizona after shooting his wife. Peirce was hospitalized and died a few hours later, aged 78.

André Quilis

André Quilis (28 October 1941 – 19 November 2020) was a French rugby union player. He played at the flanker position. He was born in Coursan, France. 

Quilis played for RC Narbonne from 1962 to 1971. He played in five games for the National Team from 1967 to 1971, including the 1971 Six Nations Championship. 

He was a player-coach for Cuxac d'Aude from 1971 to 1972 and then coached until his retirement in 2001.

Quilis died on 19 November 2020 at the age of 79.

Jake Sullivan

Jacob Jeremiah Sullivan (born November 28, 1976) is an American politician.

He was the senior policy advisor to Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential election campaign and Deputy Chief of Staff at the Department of State. Sullivan is the Montgomery Fellow at Dartmouth College and a senior fellow and Master in Public Policy faculty member at the Carsey School of Public Policy. 

On November 23, 2020, President-elect Joe Biden announced that he wanted Sullivan to be his National Security Advisor.

Roper family

House of Roper is one of the most notable English aristocratic families. The family can be traced back to the year 1066 after the Norman Conquest. They resided in Derbyshire. The family members have held hereditary titles such as Baron of Teynham, Baron Dacre of Glanton, and Viscount of Baltinglass.

Thomas Roper is the first member of the Viscount Baltinglass. He is well remembered for being a soldier and peer. He served as a member of the English Royal Army during the rule of James I. His Knighthood occurred on 16th September 1603. He became the key leaser of "Herbert Estates" after ascending to the Monastery in the year 1626 and becoming the Viscount Baltinglass in the year 1627.

In England, Baron Dacre became a British title after its first creation in the year 1321. Lord Hugh Redwald Trevor Roper is one of the most notable titles of Baron Dacre. Lady Alexandra Henrietta Louisa Howard-Johnston, one of the daughters of Field Marshal, was married to Lord Hugh. In the year 1979, Margaret Thatcher, the British prime minister, then recommended the title of a life peer for Lord Trevor Roper. He was presented as Baron Dacre of Glanton to the lords' house in Northumberland County on 27th September 1979.

British titles such as the Baron of Teynham were formed in 1616 in England, and it was presented to Sir John Roper, and his son Roper Christopher became the second holder of the title. Interestingly his daughter called Elizabeth Roper decided to marry Baron Vaux of Harrowden, who was the third holder of the title and a son of George Vaux. They were blessed with a son whom they named Edward. He became the fourth holder of the Baron Vaux of Harrowden after being married to Elizabeth Howard, who was the daughter of Thomas Howard, the first holder of the title Earl of Suffolk.

The fact that Sir John Roper was the first nobleman to declare the Kingship of James I makes him to be remembered for the brave act which happened after he was knighted in the year 1616, although several sources indicated that he might have been knighted in the year 1587. The same day, Queen Elizabeth was able to ascend to the peerage with the title Lord Teynham.

Lord William Roper is a notable member who was a representative of the house of the lords and a practicing lawyer. He also summed up as an author, philosopher and chancellor to King Henry VII Tudor. There was an existing relationship between Lord William Roper and Sir Thomas More because Thomas’s daughter Margaret More was married to William Roper.

Before sir Thomas More’s death, he had a close relationship with Lord William Roper. His cause of death was an assassination done by King Henry VIII simply because he failed to convert into the Church of England. Lord William Roper was granted the opportunity to become the Dukedom by King Henry VIII, but he declined with respect to his father-in-law's death and family members. In the year 1616, Lord William Roper and his nephew, John Roper, earned knight honors for their services.

Margaret More also commonly referred to as Margaret Roper and a daughter to Thomas More, is traced back to 1505 and is believed to have met her death in the year 1544. During her tenure, she earned several recognitions, such as being an English translator and author. She was one of the best-educated female learners in the 16th century with notable academic accomplishments and familial devoutness.

The Roper family owns several estates around the United Kingdom, such as Candelwick, Trimdon Estates, Galway Estates, Pylewell Park, Bradford, Hyde and Charlton. They also acquired the Kent estates in the 15th century by Lord John Roper while Sir Henry Roper acquired the Galway estates in the 19th century. Other additional estates include; Chestfeild, Modingham, Brambiltighe, Cheselherst, and Saint Dunstans. 

Henry Francis Roper, who was the 14th Baron of Teynham, inherited John Barnewall Curzon’s and estate at Water Perry, Northamptonshire and all his wealth in the year 1788 after his death. John was his cousin; Francis was able to add his name to his Royal license hence joining the House of Curzon and House of Roper, and in his honor, he became the Henry Francis Roper-Curzon. In the modern days, some of his descendants use his names e.g. Harry Roper-Curzon, David Roper-Curzon and John Roper-Curzon.

There are many places named after them, such as Roper Street, based in Greenwich's in London. More specifically, it's in the Eltham constituency. Other streets include on in the Heanor’s Amber Valley, and the United Kingdom called Roper Avenue. Also Roper road is in England's South East territory known as Canterbury. Roper Park in Chelsea is named after them.

Their family motto also acted as a court of arms, and it states, "Light to the English, across to the French" (Reaney and Marvin).

Antonio Ambrosetti

Antonio Ambrosetti (November 25, 1944 – November 20, 2020) was an Italian mathematician. He worked in the fields of partial differential equations and calculus of variations.

Ambrosetti died on November 20, 2020 in Venice at the age of 75.

Jacques Déprez

Jacques Déprez (3 March 1938 – 20 November 2020) was a French hurdler. He competed in the men's 110 metres hurdles at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Déprez died on 20 November 2020 at the age of 82.

Malocclusion

Malocclusion is when the teeth in a person's upper jaw do not meet the teeth in the lower jaw correctly.

Edward Angle, the "father of modern orthodontics," was the first to use the word. It is a combination word of "occlusion" and "mal" meaning "bad."

František Reichel

František Reichel (27 January 1938 – 20 November 2020) was a Czech politician. He was Deputy Prime Minister of Czechoslovakia from 1989 to 1990 during the Prime Ministership of Marián Čalfa.

Reichel died on 20 November 2020 at the age of 82.

Marián Čalfa

Marián Čalfa (born 7 May 1946) is the former Prime Minister of Czechoslovakia during and after the Velvet Revolution. He was de facto acting President for 19 days.

Čalfa resigned from the Federal Government after the defeat of the Public Against Violence in the elections of 1992.

John Rowland (footballer, born 1941)

John Douglas Rowland (7 April 1941 – 2020) was an English footballer.

He began his career at Nottingham Forest in 1960, before being sold on to Port Vale in August 1962. 

In September 1966, he was sold on to Mansfield Town. Two years later he joined Tranmere Rovers, before dropping into non-league football with South Shields in 1969. He finished his career at Derry City. 

His death was announced on 20 November 2020 at the age of 79.

Ken Schinkel

Kenneth Calvin Schinkel (November 27, 1932 – November 20, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right wing and coach. He played for the New York Rangers and Pittsburgh Penguins in the National Hockey League. His career lasted from 1950 to 1973. He was born in Jansen, Saskatchewan.

Schinkel died on November 20, 2020 at the age of 87.

Chen Ailian

Chen Ailian (; 24 December 1939 – 21 November 2020) was a Chinese dancer. 

In 1952 she became a student at Central Academy of Drama (中央戏剧学院) in Beijing. In 1963 she became a major trouper in China Opera and Dance-Drama Theatre. 

She once acted the leading role in the first performance of pantomime Fish-Beauty (《鱼美人》) in 1959. At present Chen served as the vice chairwoman of Chinese Dancers Association.

Chen died of stomach cancer on 21 November 2020 in Beijing, aged 81.

Oliver Friggieri

Oliver Friggieri (27 March 1947 – 21 November 2020) was a Maltese poet, novelist, literary critic, and philosopher. He was interested in epistemology and Existentialism. He was born in Floriana, Crown Colony of Malta.

Friggieri died on 21 November 2020 at the age of 73.

AstraZeneca

AstraZeneca plc () is a British–Swedish multinational pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical company with its headquarters in Cambridge, England. It is registered in London, United Kingdom. AstraZeneca Plc was formed in 1999 by merging the Swedish Astra AB and the British Zeneca Ltd. Drugs produced by the company are sold in more than 100 countries. More than 57 thousand people work for the company. AstraZeneca's factories are in 20 countries. Sales in 2012 amounted to almost 28 billion dollars.

Pascal Soriot was the best-paid FTSE chief executive in 2022, with a total package of £15.3 million. 

The share price has risen about 80% in the past five years.

AstraZeneca creates treatments for cancer, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, infection, neuroscience, respiratory and inflammation.

Confessions of a Shopaholic (movie)

Confessions of a Shopaholic is a 2009 American romantic comedy movie. It is based on the first two entries in the "Shopaholic" series of novels by Sophie Kinsella. It is directed by P. J. Hogan. The movie stars Isla Fisher as the shopaholic journalist and Hugh Dancy as her boss.

Sophie Kinsella

Madeleine Sophie Townley, known by her pen name Sophie Kinsella, is an English author. She is known for her best-selling Shopaholic series, "The Secret Dreamworld of a Shopaholic" and "Shopaholic Abroad". Her books have sold over 40 million copies in more than 60 countries.

Hugh Dancy

Hugh Michael Horace Dancy (born 19 June 1975) is an English actor. He is known for his role as titular character in the television movie "David Copperfield" (2000).

Other movie roles include Joe Conner in "Shooting Dogs" (2005), Grigg Harris in "The Jane Austen Book Club" (2007), Luke Brandon in "Confessions of a Shopaholic" (2009), Adam Raki in "Adam" (2009), and Ted in "Martha Marcy May Marlene" (2011).

The Informer (movie)

The Informer is a 1935 American crime drama movie directed by John Ford and is the second adaption of the 1925 novel of the same name by Liam O'Flaherty. It stars Victor McLaglen, Heather Angel, Preston Foster, Margot Grahame, Wallace Ford, Una O'Connor, Francis Ford and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was nominated for 6 Oscars and won 4 Academy Awards in 1936.

The Dark Corner

The Dark Corner is a 1946 American crime thriller movie directed by Henry Hathaway and was based on the story "Good Housekeeping" by Leo Rosten. It stars Lucille Ball, Clifton Webb, Mark Stevens, William Bendix, Kurt Kruger, Cathy Downs, Reed Hadley and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2

Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 is a 2013 computer animated movie made by Sony Pictures Animation. It stars Bill Hader, Anna Faris, James Caan, Andy Samberg, Neil Patrick Harris, and Benjamin Bratt. It is the sequel to "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs".

Original Arranegd By: ALASTAIR KING
Scoring Conducted By: ALASTAIR KING
Recording Location: HENRY WOOD HALL, London UK

Hallowell's tree frog

Hallowell's tree frog ("Hyla hallowellii") is a small tree frog from Ryukyu Island in Japan.

This frog has more webbing on its front feet than on its hind feet. it has smooth skin on its back and discs on its toes for climbing. Adult frogs eat leaves and twigs. They change color as they grow older.

This frog can live near humans. The female frog lays its eggs in rice fields or other bodies of water that do not move. The tadpoles can grow to 40 mm in length.

Alvin Holmes

Alvin Adolf Holmes (October 26, 1939 – November 21, 2020) was an American politician. He was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives from 1974 to 2018. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Montgomery, Alabama.

Holmes died on November 21, 2020, at the age of 81.

Jožef Smej

Jožef Smej (15 February 1922 – 21 November 2020) was a Slovene prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Bogojina, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. Smej was appointed auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Maribor, as well as titular bishop of Tzernicus, on 15 April 1983 and ordained bishop on 23 May 1983. He retired in June 2009.

Smej died on 21 November 2020 in Lenart v Slovenskih Goricah, Slovenia at the age of 98.

Jens Sørensen (cyclist)

Jens Sørensen (4 April 1941 – 21 November 2020) was a Danish cyclist. He competed in the team pursuit at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Copenhagen.

Sørensen died on 21 November 2020 at the age of 79.

List of heads of state of Mauritania

This is a list of heads of state of Mauritania since the country gained independence from France in 1960 to the present day.

Without Reservations

Without Reservations is a 1946 American comedy movie directed by Mervyn LeRoy and was based on the novel "Thanks, God! I'll Take It From Here" by Jane Allen and Mae Livingston. It stars John Wayne, Claudette Colbert, Don DeFore, Anne Triola, Frank Puglia, Frank Wilcox and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Piccola Roma

Piccola Roma was the nickname of Asmara (capital of Italian Eritrea), during the decades of Italian colonial rule of Eritrea.

The city of Asmara was founded by the Italians in the last years of the XIX century, from a small native village. Soon was made the capital of their colonial possessions in Eritrea, mainly because of the climate being located at more than 2000 meters of altitude.

In the 1930s the city was being populated by many thousands of Italian colonists and in 1940 it was mostly Italian looking (by architecture and by inhabitants way of life). That it the reason why it was called "Piccola Roma" ("little Rome"), due to the fact that it was a bit similar to the capital of Italy (Roma).

The capital of Eritrea experienced a huge increase in population: in 1935 there were only 4,000 Italians and 12,000 Eritreans; in 1938 there were 48,000 Italians and 36,000 Eritreans. Historian Gian Luca Podesta wrote that practically Asmara in 1940 has become an Italian city (he wrote: ""in pratica Asmara era diventata una citta' italiana"".

"Piccola Roma" was a typical Italian city created in the middle of eastern Africa, where the majority of the population was southern european in appearance & customs, spoke italian and practised the catholicism when WW2 started. It was going to be the industrial center of the "Italian East Africa", but the war blocked this development.

Historian Maitacli wrote that:

""The city is known for its early 20th century buildings, including the Art Deco "Cinema Impero" (opened in 1937 and considered by the experts one of the world's finest examples of Art Déco style building), the Cubist "Africa Pension", the rationalist "Governor's Palace", the eclectic Eritrean Orthodox "Tewahdo" Church, the former "Asmara Opera House", the futurist architecture "Fiat Tagliero Building", the neo-Romanesque architecture "Roman Catholic Cathedral", and the neoclassical architecture "President's Palace". The city is adorned by Italian colonial villas and mansions, one prominent example being the 'Asmara's World Bank Building'...""

Most of central Asmara was built between 1935 and 1941, so effectively the Italians managed to build almost an entire city in just six short years.

Actually (in July 2017) Asmara has been declared "World Heritage Site" by the UNESCO, mainly because of the architecture created during the Italian colonial years (that lasted from 1881 until 1941).



Mohamed Khouna Ould Haidalla

Ret. Col. Mohamed Khouna Ould Haidallah ( "Muḥammad Khouna Wald Haidallah") (born 1940) was the head of state of Mauritania (Chairman of the Military Committee for National Salvation, CMSN) from 4 January 1980 to 12 December 1984.

List of prime ministers of Mauritania

This is a list of prime ministers of Mauritania since the formation of the post of Prime Minister of Mauritania in 1960 to the present day.


Moktar Ould Daddah

Moktar Ould Daddah ( "Mukhtār Wald Dāddāh"; December 25, 1924 – October 14, 2003) was the President of Mauritania from 1960, when his country gained its independence from France, to 1978, when he was removed in a military coup d'etat.

He died in Paris after a long-illness on October 14, 2003 at the age of 78.


Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya

Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya (, "", also transliterated as "Mu'awiya walad Sayyidi Ahmad Taya") (born November 28, 1943) is a Mauritanian military officer and a politician. He was the President of Mauritania from 1984 to 2005. He was also the 5th Prime Minister of Mauritania. 

Mohamed Ould Bilal

Mohamed Ould Bilal (; born in 1963), is a Mauritanian politician. He is the 16th and current Prime Minister of Mauritania since 6 August 2020.

Mohamed Ould Ghazouani

Mohamed Ould Cheikh Mohamed Ahmed Ould Ghazouani (; born 4 December 1956), also known as Ghazouani and Ould Ghazouani, is a Mauritanian politician and retired Mauritanian Army general. He is the President of Mauritania, since 1 August 2019.

Mustafa Ould Salek

Col. Mustafa Ould Salek (; ‎ 1936 – 18 December 2012) was the President of Mauritania from 1978 through 1979.

Ba Mamadou Mbaré

Ba Mamadou dit Mbaré (1946 – 10 January 2013) was a Mauritanian politician. He was President of the Senate of Mauritania from 2006 until his death. In 2009, he was acting President of Mauritania. 

Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi

Sidi Mohamed Ould Cheikh Abdallahi (; 1938 – 22 November 2020) was a Mauritanian politician. He was President of Mauritania from 2007 to 2008. He was removed from office in a military "coup d'état" on August 6, 2008.

Anwar Aziz Chaudhry

Anwar Aziz Chaudhry (1931 – 22 November 2020) was a Pakistani politician and swimmer. He competed in three events at the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was the Interior Minister of Punjab. From 1988 to 1990, he was a member of the National Assembly.

Chaudhry died on 22 November 2020, at the age of 89.

Doris de Agostini

Doris de Agostini-Rossetti (28 April 1958 – 22 November 2020) was a Swiss alpine skier. She was a bronze-medalist in the Alpine World Ski Championships 1978 and winner of the 1982/1983 Downhill World Cup. 

She also competed at the 1976 Winter Olympics and the 1980 Winter Olympics.

José Vicente Gimeno Sendra

Jose Vicente Gimeno Sendra (3 July 1949 – 22 November 2020) was a Spanish politician and lawyer. He was born in Gandia, Spain. He was a Judge on the Constitutional Court of Spain from 1989 to 1998.

Gimeno Sendra died on 22 November 2020 at the age of 71.

Constitutional Court of Spain

The Constitutional Court () is the supreme interpreter of the Spanish Constitution. 8/1984, 4/1985, 6/1988, 7/1999 and 1/2000. The court is the "supreme interpreter" of the Constitution, but since the court is not a part of the Spanish Judiciary, the Supreme Court is the highest court for all judicial matters.

Supreme Court of Spain

The Supreme Court (Tribunal Supremo, TS) is the highest court in the Kingdom of Spain. It has original jurisdiction over cases against high-ranking officials of the Kingdom and over cases about illegalization of political parties. 

The Court has the power of judicial review, except for the judicial revision on constitutional matters, reserved to the Constitutional Court.

Elena Hrenova

Elena Hrenova (14 January 1950 – 22 November 2020) was a Moldovan politician. From 2014 to 2019 she was a Member of the Moldovan Parliament, representing the Party of Socialists of the Republic of Moldova (PSRM). 

On 22 November 2020, Hrenova died of COVID-19 at the age of 70.

Lupo (dog)

Lupo (December 2011November 2020) was an English Cocker Spaniel owned by Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge. He appeared in photographs alongside his owners' son, Prince George of Cambridge. 

Lupo was bred from Ella, a dog owned by Michael and Carole Middleton, the parents of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge.

There was an increase of 50% in the searches on its "Find A Puppy" website in the months following the Royal couple's announcement of their ownership of Lupo. This increased interest has also had the effect of an increase in thefts of English Cocker Spaniels.

Lupo died in November 2020, of unknown causes aged 8 years 11 months.

St Mary's Hospital, London

St Mary's Hospital is an NHS hospital in Paddington, in the City of Westminster, London, founded in 1845. 

Since the UK's first academic health science centre was created in 2008, it has been operated by Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust, which also operates Charing Cross Hospital, Hammersmith Hospital, Queen Charlotte's and Chelsea Hospital and the Western Eye Hospital.

Members of the British royal family were born here such as Prince William, Prince Harry, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis.

Hamish MacInnes

Hamish MacInnes (7 July 1930 – 22 November 2020) was a Scottish mountaineer, explorer, mountain search and rescuer, author and mountain safety advisor. He was called "the father of modern mountain rescue in Scotland". He made an attempt to climb Mount Everest in 1953. He helped invent the first all-metal ice-axe and a lightweight stretcher.

MacInnes was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for services to mountaineering and mountain rescue in Scotland in the 1979 New Year Honours.

He died, aged 90, on 22 November 2020, at his home in Glen Coe, Scotland.

Glen Coe

Glen Coe (, ) is a glen of volcanic origins, in the Highlands of Scotland. 

Mustafa Nadarević

Mustafa Nadarević (2 May 1943 – 22 November 2020) was a Bosnian-Croatian actor. He starred in over 70 movies.

Some of his best known works were in "The Smell of Quinces" (1982), "When Father Was Away on Business" (1985), "Reflections" (1987), "The Glembays" (1988), "Kuduz" (1989), "Silent Gunpowder" (1990), "The Perfect Circle" (1997), "Days and Hours" (2004), "Mirage" (2004), and "Halima's Path" (2012).

Nadarević revealed that he was diagnosed with lung cancer in January 2020. He died on 22 November 2020 in his home in Zagreb from the disease, aged 77.

Kevin Schon

Kevin Dodd Schon (born February 7, 1958) is an American actor, voice actor, producer, and energy entrepreneur, known for his voice-over work in movies, television series, and video games. He is best known as a voice double for Nathan Lane for animated media, most notably as Timon in the "Timon & Pumbaa" TV series and in various other Disney related projects.

M&amp;M's World

M&M's World is a store that sells M&M's candy and other things. The first M&M's World store was on the Las Vegas Strip in 1997. There are now other stores in Orlando, Florida, New York City, Henderson, Nevada, London and Shanghai.

There are three floors of candy in many colors. There are other things inspired by M&Ms inspired items like aprons, oven mitts and T-shirts. The cost of buying M&M's at these stores is over US$12 per pound.

Ray Prosser

Thomas Raymond Prosser (2 March 1927 – 22 November 2020) was a Welsh international rugby union prop. He played club rugby for Pontypool and was capped 22 times for Wales. 

Prosser also represented the British Lions in their 1959 tour of Australia and New Zealand. He also played invitational rugby for the Barbarians. He was born in Pontypool, Wales.

Karl Dall

Karl Bernhard Dall (, 1 February 1941 – 23 November 2020) was a German comedian, singer, and television presenter. He was born in Emden, Lower Saxony. He was known for his roles in "Freddy in the Wild West", "Hotel Clausewitz" and "Student of the Bedroom".

He was known for having a 'hanging' eye was caused by a congenital ptosis.

On 11 November 2020, Dall was hospitalized after having a stroke while on set for "Rote Rosen" in Munich. He died twelve days later on 23 November at the age of 79.


Ptosis (eyelid)

Ptosis, also known as blepharoptosis, is a drooping or falling of the upper eyelid. 

The drooping may be worse after being awake longer when the individual's muscles are tired. 

This condition is sometimes called "lazy eye", but that term normally refers to the condition amblyopia.

Anele Ngcongca

Calvin Anele Ngcongca (21 October 1987 – 23 November 2020) was a South African professional footballer. He played for AmaZulu before his death.

He made 53 appearances for the national team between 2009 to 2016.

On 23 November 2020, Ngcongca died in a car accident on the N2 highway in KwaZulu-Natal at the age of 33.

Józef Rysula

Józef Rysula (13 March 1939 – 23 November 2020) was a Polish cross-country skier. He competed at the 1960 Winter Olympics, the 1964 Winter Olympics and the 1968 Winter Olympics. He was born in Kościelisko, Poland.

Rysula died on 23 November 2020 at the age of 81.

Roselle, New Jersey

Roselle (, ) is a borough located in Union County in the state of New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 22,695.

Nikola Spasov

Nikola Spasov (; 15 December 1958 – 23 November 2020) was a Bulgarian professional footballer and coach.

Spasov played for PFC Lokomotiv Sofia, FC Dunav Ruse, PFC Cherno More Varna and PFC Spartak Varna in his country. 

Spasov moved to Portugal in December 1986, and remained in the nation for the following seven years, representing five teams. In the 1989–90 campaign he scored a career-best 34 goals for F.C. Paços de Ferreira.

In June 1994, after one season in his homeland with former team Cherno More, Spasov retired from football at nearly 36 years of age.

Spasov died on 23 November 2020 in Montana, Bulgaria from COVID-19 at the age of 61.

Montana, Bulgaria

Montana () is a town in Northwestern Bulgaria, located south of the Danube river, northwest of Vratsa and east of the Serbian border.


Social Democratic Union of Macedonia

The Social Democratic Union of Macedonia (, "Socijaldemokratski sojuz na Makedonija", SDSM) is a political party in North Macedonia. Its politics are centre-left.

It was founded in 1990 and was the first political party in Macedonia. Its President was Slavko Milosavlevski. It ran in the 1990 Macedonian parliamentary election when Macedonia was still a part of Yugoslavia. It did not win a seat in the 1990 election, scoring 1.6 percent of the vote.

It also took part in elections in 1994, 2002, 2006, 2008, 2011, and 2014, but did not win a seat.

Viktor Zimin (politician)

Viktor Mikhaylovich Zimin (: August 23, 1962 – November 23, 2020) was a Russian politician. He was Chairman of the Government of the Republic of Khakassia from 2009 until 2018. 

In 2018, he lost his bid for re-election to a third term in the first round of voting.

Zimin died in Moscow on November 23, 2020 from COVID-19 at the age of 58.


Jean Morzadec

Jean Morzadec (25 February 1953 – 13 November 2020) was a French singer-songwriter, writer, and journalist. 

In 2005, he began running the website "Le Choix de Librairies" in partnership with "20 minutes", France Info, France Culture, "Lire", FIP, and France 5.

Abu Hena

Abu Hena ( – 14 November 2020) was a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician. From 1996 to 2006, he was a member of the Jatiya Sangsad.

Hena died on 14 November 2020 in Dhaka of COVID-19.

Antonis Georgiadis

Antonis Georgiadis (, 25 January 1933 – 16 November 2020) was a Greek football player and manager. He was born in Drama, Greece. From 1950 to 1960, he played for Doxa Drama. From 1989 to 1992, he managed the national team.

Georgiadis died in Drama on 16 November 2020 at the age of 87.

Billy Evans (basketball, born 1932)

William Best Evans (September 13, 1932 – November 22, 2020) was an American basketball player. He competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born in Berea, Kentucky. Evans played collegiately at the University of Kentucky. He was part of the United States basketball team which won the gold medal in 1956.

Evans died on November 22, 2020 at the age of 88.

Gonzalo Galván Castillo

Gonzalo Galván Castillo (10 January 1951 – 23 November 2020) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate. He was the Bishop of Autlán between 2004 to 2015. He was born in León, Guanajuato.

Galván Castillo died on 23 November 2020 at the age of 69.

Marco Ferrari

Marco Virgilio Ferrari (27 November 1932 – 23 November 2020) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate. He was the Auxiliary Bishop of Milan from 1987 to 2009. Ferrari was born in Bergamo, Italy.

Ferrari died in Cassano Magnago, Italy on 23 November 2020, just four days before his 88th birthday.

Cassano Magnago

Cassano Magnago is a town and "comune" in the province of Varese, Lombardy, Italy.

Pokémon trainer

Pokémon trainers are an idea in the universe of Pokémon. Trainers catch Pokémon and teach them to fight. Many of the characters in the Pokémon anime series are Pokémon trainers. Players of Pokémon games are also called trainer.

John Oldham

John Oldham (June 22, 1923 – November 23, 2020) was an American college and professional basketball player, college basketball coach and athletic director. He was born in Beaver Dam, Kentucky. From 1949 to 1951, he played for the Fort Wayne Pistons. From 1955 to 1964, he coached the Tennessee Golden Eagles and from 1964 to 1971, he coached the Western Kentucky Hilltoppers.

Oldham died on November 23, 2020 in Bowling Green, Kentucky at the age of 97.

Geoffrey Horne

Geoffrey Horne (born August 22, 1933) is an American actor, director, and acting coach. He worked at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute. 

Horne is known for his roles in "The Bridge on the River Kwai", "Bonjour Tristesse", "The Strange One", "Two People", "The Twilight Zone" episode "The Gift" in 1962, and as Wade Norton in "The Guests" episode of "The Outer Limits".

Big Daddy (1999 movie)

Big Daddy is a 1999 American comedy movie directed by Dennis Dugan and written by Steve Franks, Tim Herlihy and Adam Sandler. It stars Adam Sandler, Joey Lauren Adams, Jon Stewart, Rob Schneider, Miley Cyrus and Leslie Mann. 

It was released on June 25, 1999. The movie was Sandler's highest-grosser domestically until "Hotel Transylvania 2" (2015).

Jonathan Lipnicki

Jonathan William Lipnicki (born October 22, 1990) is an American actor and producer. He has appeared in movies such as "Jerry Maguire" (1996), "Stuart Little" (1999) and its 2002 sequel "Stuart Little 2", "The Little Vampire" (2000), and "Like Mike" (2002).

David Alan Grier

David Alan Grier (born June 30, 1956) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for his work on the sketch comedy television show "In Living Color", as David Bellows on "Life with Bonnie" (2002-2004), as Joe Carmichael on "The Carmichael Show" (2015-2017), as Hal on "A Series of Unfortunate Events" (2018). In 2021, he won a Tony Award.

Chazz Palminteri

Calogero Lorenzo "Chazz" Palminteri (born May 15, 1952) is an American actor, screenwriter, producer and playwright. He is best known for his Academy Award-nominated role for Best Supporting Actor in "Bullets over Broadway". He also played Shorty in "Modern Family".


Josh Mostel

Joshua Mostel (born December 21, 1946) is an American actor. He was born in New York City. He is the son of Zero Mostel.

Mostel is best known for his supporting roles in movies such as "Jesus Christ Superstar" (1973), "Harry and Tonto" (1974), "Sophie's Choice" (1982), "City Slickers" (1991), "Billy Madison" (1995), and "Big Daddy" (1999).

Zero Mostel

Samuel Joel "Zero" Mostel (February 28, 1915 – September 8, 1977) was an American actor, singer and comedian. He was best known for his roles as Tevye on stage in "Fiddler on the Roof", Pseudolus on stage and on screen in "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum", and Max Bialystock in the original movie version of Mel Brooks' "The Producers" (1967). 

Mostel later starred in the Hollywood Blacklist drama movie "The Front" (1976) alongside Woody Allen, for which Mostel was nominated for the British Academy Film Award for Best Supporting Actor. 

Mostel was an Obie Award and three-time Tony Award winner.

Fasih Bokhari

Admiral Fasih Bokhari (Urdu:فصیح بخارى; 8 March 1942 – 24 November 2020) ), was a Pakistani four-star rank admiral in the Pakistan Navy. He was a pacifist, and politician. He was the Chief of Naval Staff from 1997 to 1999. He also was the Chairman of the National Accountability Bureau from 2011 to 2013. 

Bokhari died on 24 November 2020 at the age of 78.

Kambuzia Partovi

Kambuzia Partovi (also spelt Kambozia Partovi, ; 11 November 1955 – 24 November 2020) was an Iranian movie director and scriptwriter. He was born in Rasht, Iran. His 2007 movie "Café Transit," was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.

He wrote the screenplays for other directors such as "The Circle". In 2013 he acted in and co-directed "Closed Curtain".

Partovi died on 24 November 2020 from COVID-19 in Tehran at the age of 65.

Pepper Potts

Pepper Potts is a Marvel Comics character. She's Tony Stark's assistant and later girlfriend. She was created by Stan Lee, Jack Kirby and Larry Lieber and appears in the "Iron Man" comics as the deuteragonist. She's also an important character of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. She's played by Gwyneth Paltrow in the movies "Iron Man", "Iron Man 2", "The Avengers", "Iron Man 3", "", "" and "" and she will reprise her role in the upcoming Disney+ series Iron Heart.

Nasha Niva

Nasha Niva (, it means "Our field") was a newspaper in Belarus. It was made in 1906. It was made again in 1991.

The website of "Nasha Niva" (nn.by) was made in 1997. This site can't be opened in Belarus. It has been writing about the 2020 Belarusian protests and 2020 Belarusian presidential election. It uses the Belarusian language.

"Nasha Niva" is free of state propaganda. It is against Alexander Lukashenko. The government tried to close the newspaper many times. The newspaper got big fines and was left from state circulation. The editors and journalists have been arrested.

As of 2020, the editor-in-chief is Yahor Martsinovich, he came after Andrej Dyńko.

On July 8, 2021, the office and the houses of its main people were looked for. Main journalists Yahor Martsinovich, Andrej Dyńko, Andrej Skurko, accountant Volha Rakovich were arrested. "Nasha Niva" said that editor Jahor Marcinovič went through a physical attack. They were called responsible for the 2020 Belarusian protests. Several other "Nasha Niva" journalist were detained. Since that day, the domain name was stopped working, the website of "Nasha Niva" can't be opened. The Ministry of Information of Belarus made such punishment for "prohibited information" that the website has been having over it.

On July 12, 2021, ten organizations (the Viasna Human Rights Centre, the Belarusian Association of Journalists, the Belarusian Helsinki Committee and others) made a joint statement. It said that Yahor Martsinovich, Andrej Dyńko, Andrej Skurko, and Volha Rakovich are political prisoners.

In November 2021, Nasha Niva's Telegram channel and its social networks were declared extremist materials. In January 2022, the KGB declared Nasha Niva an extremist group. Creation of an extremist group or participation in it is a criminal offence in Belarus.

On March 15, 2022, Martsinovich and Skurko were sentenced to 2.5 years in prison for estimated material damage of 10,000 Belarusian rubles ($3000). According to the investigators, in May 2017 they opened offices in Skurko's apartment but kept paying for electricity as individuals, while Belarusian law obliges legal persons to pay increased rates.




The Lights of New York

The Lights of New York is a 1922 American drama movie directed by Charles Brabin and starring Clarence Nordstrom, Margaret Seddon, Frank Currier, Florence Short, Estelle Taylor. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Big Sleep (1978 movie)

The Big Sleep is a 1978 British American crime mystery movie directed by Michael Winner and is the second version of the 1939 novel of the same name by Raymond Chandler. It stars Robert Mitchum, James Stewart, Oliver Reed, Sarah Miles, Richard Boone, Candy Clark, Edward Fox, John Mills, Harry Andrews, Richard Todd, Diana Quick and was distributed by United Artists.

Mitchum had also played Philip Marlowe three years earlier in the movie "Farewell, My Lovely (1975 movie)". Mitchum is the only actor to play the character in more than one feature film.


Lord Randolph Churchill

Lord Randolph Henry Spencer-Churchill (13 February 1849 – 24 January 1895) was Winston Churchill's father. He was a son of the 7th Duke of Marlborough. 

He was a leading British Tory politician. Churchill was a Tory radical who coined the term "One-nation conservatism". 

He inspired a generation of party managers and created the National Union of the Conservative Party. He broke new ground in modern budgetary presentations. He got admiration and criticism from across the political spectrum. His disloyalty to Lord Salisbury was the beginning of the end of what might have been a glittering career. His elder son, Winston, wrote a biography of him in 1906.

Churchill died early, suffering from a disease. That disease was either syphilis or a brain tumour or even multiple sclerosis. 

It is definitely the case that he was treated for syphilis, and it has been suggested that he was suffering from symptoms of the mercury-based medication. The Churchills' family doctor in the 1880s had written about syphilis. He referred Randolph to the specialist Thomas Buzzard, and continued to prescribe potassium iodide and mercury.


RRR (movie)

RRR (which stands for Rise, Roar, Revolt) is a 2022 Indian Telugu-language period action drama movie. It is written and directed by S. S. Rajamouli. The film is a fictional story about two Indian revolutionaries, Alluri Sitarama Raju (Charan) and Komaram Bheem (Rama Rao), who fought against the British Raj and Nizam of Hyderabad respectively. It stars N. T. Rama Rao Jr., Ram Charan, Alia Bhatt, Olivia Morris, and Ajay Devgn. It was going to release on January 7, 2022, but was postponed indefinitely. Made on a budget of ₹400 crore (US$53 million), RRR was initially scheduled for theatrical release on 30 July 2020, which has been deferred multiple times due to production delays and followed by the COVID-19 pandemic. Finally, the film was theatrically released on March 25, 2022.

In 1920, British General Scott and his wife visit Adilabad district, and forcefully take away Malli, a Gond tribal girl to serve as their maidservant in Delhi. To rescue the girl, Komaram Bheem arrives in Delhi with his men. They capture a wild tiger in the forests to aid their mission. Nizam of Hyderabad warns Scott's office about the same.

Alluri Sita Rama Raju is a police officer who proves his ability to serve the Empire. When Lady Buxton offers a promotion to the officer who catches the leader of the Gond tribe alive, Ram comes forward. He attends a meeting of the independent activists and proposes to assassinate Scott. As their goals seem to align, Bheem's aid Lachhu asks Ram to meet Bheem. However, Lachhu flees when he senses that Ram is a police. Lachhu tells Bheem about this who asks him to hide.

Ram and Bheem accidentally meet and team up to save a boy. Bheem introduces himself as a Muslim named Akhtar while Ram hides his identity of an officer. They become best friends. Bheem comes across Scott's niece Jennifer when they are trying to sneak into the palace. Ram helps Bheem to get close to her. Jennifer invites Bheem to a party which the duo attend. Impressed by his dance, Jennifer invites Bheem to the palace. Bheem silently meets Malli, assuring her rescue. Ram captures Lachhu to ask whereabouts about their leader but in vain. Lachhu gets hold of a common krait and throws it onto Ram which bites him. Lacchu warns Ram that it can kill him within an hour without anti-venom, known only to Gond people. Ram finds his way to Bheem who saves him. Bheem confesses to Ram by telling him about their mission.

Bheem and his men barge into the palace with a truck full of wild animals. Bheem unleashes them onto the British soldiers. However, Ram obstructs him as a police officer. Bheem pleads not to arrest him but Ram does not budge. Furious, Bheem fights off Ram, and goes on to climb the palace walls. Ram stops him while General Scott holds Malli at point blank. Bheem surrenders with no option left.

Bheem is sentenced to death via a public execution. Scott offers mercy if he kneels but Bheem refuses despite heaving lashing by Ram. He sings a song which motivates the public to rebel. Bheem is taken away by the officers. Ram recalls that his father Venkat Ramaraju had rebelled and sacrificed his life against the British. Venkat takes a promise from Ram that he'd a deliver a weapon to every person who takes part in the rebellion.

Venkat's friend Venkateswarulu informs Ram that his promise is going to be fulfilled since he is appointed as in charge of a shipment of arms. Ram, however, puts saving Bheem and the girl as his priority. He requests Scott to execute Bheem in the outskirts as a part of his plan. However, Scott recognizes the ploy, and injures him. Bheem frees himself and fights the guards off. Ram shoots a Britisher over Malli's head to save her. Misunderstanding this as an attack, Bheem beats up Ram and escapes with Malli. Bheem and his men hide in Hathras but the British officers arrive there. Sita recognizes that they are in danger and drives away the officers by lying that the place is infected with small pox. Sita reveals that she is Ram's cousin and love interest. She adds that Ram is sentenced to death as he went against the British to save his best friend. Bheem regrets his actions and promises Sita to rescue Ram.

Bheem sneaks into the Barracks with the help of blue print given by Jennifer. He frees Ram from the prison, taking him on his shoulder as the latter is unable to walk. Together, they fight the guards and escape. Bheem treats Ram, however, the soldiers attack them in the woods. Ram takes bow and arrows from a shrine of Lord Rama and retaliates. Bheem joins him with a javelin. They fight off the soldiers and head towards the palace. They blast a motorcycle into a room full of TNT, and explode the building. Bheem retrieves guns and ammunition and delivers it to Ram. Lady Scott is killed in the chaos while Scott is killed by Ram and Bheem.

They reunite with Sita, Jennifer and others. Upon Ram's insistence, Bheem requests to return the favour by educating him. Ram returns to his village and delivers the weapons as promised while Bheem returns to his hamlet, reuniting Malli with her mother.


















Jan van Toorn

Jan van Toorn (9 May 1932 – 13 November 2020) was a Dutch graphic designer.

Van Toorn began working in a printing house in Amsterdam. He made calendars for Mart.Spruijt in Amsterdam and posters and catalogs for the Van Abbemuseum in Eindhoven.

In the 1980s, van Toorn became an art educator. He taught at the Gerrit Rietveld Academie and the Jan Van Eyck Academie in Maastricht.

In February 2008, he sent his collective works to the archives at the University of Amsterdam.

Van Toorn died in Amsterdam on 13 November 2020 at the age of 88.

Robert Hammerstiel

Robert Hammerstiel (18 February 1933 – 23 November 2020) was an Austrian painter and engraver. He was also an honorary member of the Vojvodinian Academy of Sciences and Art. He wrote many books about wood carvings. He was born in Vršac, Kingdom of Yugoslavia. Many of his works were seen in New York City, Vienna, Cairo and Brussels.

In 1998, he was honored with the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art.

Hammerstiel died on 23 November 2020 at the age of 87.


Erik M. Galimov

Erik Mikhaylovich Galimov (; 29 July 1936 – 24 November 2020) was a Russian geochemist and Doctor of Sciences. He was born in Vladivostok, Soviet Union.

He was Editor-in-Chief of the Russian journal "Geochemistry" from 2005 until his death. He was also academician of the Russian Academy of Sciences from 1994 until his death. He was a Distinguished Professor at the Lomonosov Moscow State University. 

Galimov died on 24 November 2020, aged 84.

Mohammad Khadem

Mohamed Khadem Khorasani Azghadi (, 7 September 1935 – 24 November 2020) was an Iranian featherweight freestyle wrestler. He won a silver medal at the 1962 World Championships. He placed eighth at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Mashhad, Iran.

Khadem died on 24 November 2020 in Tehran, aged 85.

Rob Delaney

Rob Delaney (born January 19, 1977) is an American comedian, actor, writer, and activist. He was the co-star and co-writer of the TV show "Catastrophe". He has appeared in minor roles in blockbuster movies like "Deadpool 2" (2018) and the "Fast & Furious" spin-off "Hobbs & Shaw" (2019).

Delaney was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He studied at New York University. His career began in 2003.

Dan Bongino

Daniel John Bongino (born December 4, 1974) is an American conservative political commentator, radio show host, author and politician. He was a New York City Police Department (NYPD) officer and Secret Service agent before entering politics. 

He ran unsuccessfully for Congress as a Republican in 2012, 2014, and 2016.

In September 2020, a tumor was found in his neck. The following month, the tumor was removed and he was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma.

Tim Story

Timothy Kevin Story (born March 13, 1970) is an American director, producer and writer. He is known for directing comedy movies such as "Ride Along", "Barbershop", "Think Like a Man" and he also directed the comic book movie "Fantastic Four".

Tituss Burgess

Tituss Burgess (born February 21, 1979) is an American actor and singer. He is best known for starring as Titus Andromedon on the Netflix comedy series "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" from 2015 to 2020. Before, he starred in many Broadway plays.

Burgess was born in Athens, Georgia. He is openly gay.

Montserrat Carulla

Montserrat Carulla i Ventura (September 19, 1930 – November 24, 2020) was a Spanish actress. She was born in Barcelona. Her career began in the 1940s through stage productions. Her best known movie roles were in "Furrows" (1951), "Companys, procés a Catalunya" (1979) and in "The Orphanage" (2007).

Carulla died in Barcelona on November 24, 2020 at the age of 90.

Willy Kuijpers

Willy Kuijpers (1 January 1937 – 17 November 2020) was a Belgian politician. He was born in Leuven, Belgium. He was a member of the People's Union Party and the New Flemish Alliance.

Kuijpers was a member of the Chamber of Representatives from 1971 to 1984. He also was a MEP from 1984 to 1989. He was a Senator from 1989 to 1995. From 1995 to 2012, he was Mayor of Herent.

Kuijpers died on 17 November 2020 at a hospital in Leuven from COVID-19 at the age of 83.

Dukla Prague

Dukla Prague () was a Czech football club that was based in Prague, Czechoslovakia (Now Czech Republic). It was created in 1948 as ATK Praha. The club sent seven players to the Czechoslovakia national team that ended as runners-up at the 1962 World Cup.

The following individuals managed Dukla Prague.


Czechoslovak First League

Czechoslovak Cup

International Soccer League


Canadian Americans

Canadian Americans is a term that can be applied to American citizens whose ancestry is wholly or partly Canadian, or citizens of either country that hold dual citizenship.

Singer 2017

"Singer" 2017 is the first season of Chinese television series of the rebranded version of "I Am a Singer season 5". Due to the banning of Korean-related brands and artists in China, the series went with a rebranding under a simplified title of "Singer", but otherwise retained similar competition format from the past four seasons of "I Am a Singer". It is aired on Hunan Television and produced by , and its music director is Hong Kong senior musician Kubert Leung. It will be recorded in the Hunan Broadcasting System Radio and Television Center, Changsha, Hunan on January 10, 2017 and aired from January 21 to April 22, 2017 on Hunan Television.

"Singer 2017" includes Greater China and other areas famous singers. First-round competitors have and from Mainland China, Hong Kong Canadian singers Sandy Lam and , from Hong Kong, Taiwanese band , Malaysian singer and from Kazakhstan. Returning singers have from "I Am a Singer Season 2", and from "I Am a Singer Season 1" and from "I Am a Singer Season 3". Challengers have , , from Mainland China and Hong Kong Americans singer .

The order of performance for this episode was determined through audience voting for their anticipated songs; singers may discuss their re-arrangement of performance order, which was reflected in the table. As there were eight first-round singers, the first round featured elimination for the singer who receive the fewest votes.

Tia Ray would have been eliminated for finishing last; however, Ray was later declared safe following Hins Cheung's sudden withdrawal; Cheung was later revealed to have participated in the political Umbrella Movement in Hong Kong after the episode was taped. Cheung's appearance (with the exclusion of a shot with him and Teresa Carpio) and performance were unaired and edited out of broadcast.


 was eliminated in the 1st round.

 as the first returning singer from "I Am a Singer Season 2" and as the first challenger joined the competition. Finally, Zhao Lei got No.2 challenge success and is eliminated.
 was eliminated in the 2nd round.

 as the third returning singer from "I Am a Singer Season 3" and as the third challenger joined the competition. Finally, Diamond Zhang got No.8 challenge failure. Due to withdrew from the competition, Diamond Zhang is deemed as a substitute singer to join 4th round of competition and there is no challenge in this round.
 was eliminated in the 4th round.


Iranian Americans

Iranian Americans or Persian Americans are U.S. citizens who are of Iranian ancestry or who hold Iranian citizenship. Most Iranian Americans live in California.

Singer 2019

"Singer" 2019 is the third season of Chinese television series "Singer", a rebranded version of "I Am a Singer" that will air on Hunan Television. It is produced by , and its music director is Hong Kong senior musician Kubert Leung. It will be recorded in the Hunan Broadcasting System Radio and Television Center, Changsha, Hunan on January 4, 2019 and aired from January 11 to April 12, 2019 on Hunan Television.

 was eliminated in the 1st round.

Østerbro

Østerbro () is one of the 10 official districts of Copenhagen, Denmark. It is located just north of the city centre, outside the old city gate Østerport which, after it was moved around 1700, used to be located close to present-day Østerport Station. From the beginning, Østerbro has been a wealthy district, and it is still one of the richest areas in Copenhagen.

The area of Østerbro is 11.84 km². In 2009, 68,769 people lived there. Its neighbors are Nørrebro to the west, Hellerup to the north and Øresund to the east.


HJK Helsinki

Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi (translation: "The Football Club of Helsinki"), commonly known as HJK Helsinki, or simply as HJK, is a professional football club based in Helsinki, Finland. The club competes in the Finnish Veikkausliiga. The club's home stadium is the Bolt Arena, with a capacity of 10,770.

"As of 6 August 2019."

This is the current UEFA Club Ranking.

"Last update: 8 July 2019"

 

 



Asian Hispanic and Latino Americans

Asian Hispanic and Latino Americans are Americans of Asian ancestry that speak the Spanish language natively and are/or from Latin America, respectively.

Curzon family

House of Curzon, which dates back to the 1200s, is one of the most acknowledged English aristocratic families. Its family members have held almost 14 hereditary titles, including Earl Howe, Marquess Curzon of Kedleston, Earl Curzon of Kedleston, Viscount Scarsdale, Viscount Curzon, Viscounts Howe, Baron Scarsdale, Curzon of Kedleston, Baron Ravensdale, Baron Howe, Manor of Curzon, Baron Curzon, Baronet Kedleston Hall and Baronet Mosley. 

In the year 1759, when Nathaniel Curzon did the house's commissioning and then by Robert Adam's designation. The first son of the 4th Baron Scarsdale, known as George Nathaniel Curzon, was also the first Marquess Curzon of Kedleston. Kedleston was the second Baroness Ravensdale from 1896-1966, while Sir Nicholas Mosley was the 3rd Baron Ravensdale his mother was Cynthia Blanche Mosley (1898-1933), a daughter of George Curzon. The first Earl Howe was known as Curzon-Howe Richard William (1796–1870), the second was Curzon-Howe George Frederick (1821–76), and the third was Earl Howe as Curzon-Howe Richard William (1822–1900). Curzon Richard George (1861–1929), Curzon Francis Penn (1884–1964), Curzon Richard Assheton (1908–84), and Curzon Frederick Richard (b. 1951) were the fourth to seventh, respectively.

The Kedleston Hall is one of the estates owned by the Curzon family, and it's located in the northwest of Derby, more precisely Derbyshire's Kedleston, which is six kilometers away. Its main function is to cat as the Curzon’s family seat. Even after Richard Curzon met his death, the Kedleston Hall maintained its expensive status hence compelling Francis Curzon, his cousin, to settle death dues by submitting the estate to the state.

Several facilities have been named after the Curzon family, such as Curzon Street, of which most residents believe that it was named after Mr. George Howe, who was the 3rd Viscount Howe. However, the street was transferred to another member of the Curzon family, who had maintained the surname "Curzon". Another street in North West expanse London is named Curzon Avenue, and it's located in the Northwich, Weaver Vale constituency. A soccer club called Curzon Ashton F.C. is located in the Ashton-under-Lyne, whose history can be traced back to the Curzon's family since several family members participated in the club's activities. Three other parks bear the Curzon family's name, namely; Curzon Park (in Chester), Curzon Park Abbey (a monastery of nuns) and Roker Curzon Park (Sunderland).

In honor of his cousin John Barnewall Curzon, Henry Francis Roper, who originated from the House of Roper, decided to join houses in the year 1788. To date, some of his descendants still use the name Roper-Curzon, and some of the famous members of the Curzon’s family include Harry Roper-Curzon, John Roper-Curzon, and David Roper-Curzon.

Their family motto states, "Let Curzon hold what Curzon held," and it acted as the coat of arms' alternative.

Black Hispanic and Latino Americans

In the United States, Black Hispanics or Afro-Hispanics, as officially classified by the United States Census Bureau, Office of Management and Budget and U.S. government agencies, are people who are racially black and are from Latin America and/or speak Spanish as their first language. There are Black Hispanics especially from the Cuban American and Puerto Rican American communities.


White Hispanic and Latino Americans

In the United States, a white Hispanic is an individual who self-identifies as white and of Hispanic descent and/or speaks the Spanish language natively. White Latino Americans are a broader category, including people of Brazilian descent, who mostly speak Portuguese, as well as Spanish-speaking populations.

European tree frog

The European tree frog, green tree frog, European green tree frog or common tree frog ("Hyla arborea") is a tree frog from Europe Scientists have seen it in Crete and Greece and in Europe west of the middles of Poland and Romania.

The pupils of this frog's eyes go side to side and open up and down. It has discs on the toes of all four feet for climbing. This frog can be green or gray or brown or even near black depending on where it lives. Its belly is white or yellow. There is a dark stripe down each side of its body with white on the edges of the stripe. Adult male frogs have a dark-colored vocal sac on their throats and females do not.

This frog lives in river valleys with many trees, but it also lives in gardens, parks, and places where humans grow fruit trees. It hides in the plants during the day and looks for food at night and in the evening. Because this frog can jump a long way, flying insects are a great part of its food.

Politically Incorrect

Politically Incorrect is an American late-night, half-hour political talk show hosted by Bill Maher that aired from 1993 to 2002. It premiered on Comedy Central in 1993, before moving to ABC in January 1997. On September 17, 2001, Bill Maher criticized United States foreign policy on the show and argued that the perpetrators of the September 11 terrorist attacks were not cowards. The comments were widely condemned, and while Maher later apologized, major advertisers stopped advertising with the show. The show was canceled in 2002.

The show first originated from New York City, but soon moved to Los Angeles. The New York episodes were shot at the CBS Broadcast Center and the Los Angeles episodes at CBS Television City, where it remained even after its move to ABC.

The first episode featured comedian Jerry Seinfeld, Howard Stern co-host Robin Quivers, Republican Party strategist Ed Rollins, and comedian Larry Miller. Frequent guests included Dave Matthews, Arianna Huffington, Michael McKean, Ann Coulter, Carrot Top, and Christine O'Donnell.


Sanjana Sanghi

Sanjana Sanghi (born 2 September 1996) is an Indian actress and model. She works in Hindi-language movies.


Maharana Pratap

Pratap Singh was a Hindu Rajput king of Mewar, Rajasthan. He had 11 wives and 17 children in total. His capital was at Udaipur.

Maharana Pratap was born in the Kumbhalgarh of Mewar on 9 May 1540. Akbar who was expanding the imperial Mughal Empire decided to conquer Rajputana. He set off with the imperial Mughal army from Delhi and marched towards Mewar intent on conquering it and especially capturing Pratap's capital of Udaipur. He met with Pratap's army at the Battle of Haldighati and the battle ensued. The battle resulted in a shattering defeat for Pratap and most of his army was massacred however Pratap himself managed to flee into the jungles. The Mughals then marched into and captured Udaipur and subsequently most of Mewar.After more military operations of Mughal governors, the Mughals finally managed to achieve their goal and bring all of Mewar under their direct control. Mewar was annexed into the Mughal Empire and Mughal Emperor Akbar retired to Agra and then to the capital Delhi. During this time, Maharana Pratap was still hiding in the jungles and occasionally from time to time attacking Mughal outposts and caravans passing by. He started looting caravans however he lost all hope when all the military outposts in Mewar were captured by the Mughals. He died in Chavand on 19 January 1597 at the age of 56, when he tripped down a steep hill while hunting a lion.

Armaan Malik

Armaan Malik (born 22 July 1995) is an Indian singer, songwriter, record producer, voice-over, performer and actor. He has sung in many languages which includes Hindi, Kannada, Telugu, Tamil, Bengali, Marathi, Gujarati, Malayalam, Assamese, Punjabi, English and Urdu.


Podcast News

"Podcast News" is the 6th episode of the 32nd season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on television on November 15, 2020. In the episode, Grampa Simpson is accused of doing a murder. Kent Brockman makes a podcast about the murder.

Marge and Lisa get an addiction for listening to podcasts about crime. Homer and Bart visit Grampa at a retirement home. Grampa shows them his new girlfriend, Vivienne St. Charmaine. On the next day, the Simpson family watch news on television and learn that Vivienne is dead. Grampa is a prime suspect, but he says he does not remember what happened. Kent Brockman makes a podcast about the murder called "Guilty Grampa". The podcast makes everyone in Springfield think that Grampa killed Vivienne. Grampa thinks that he did do the murder and confesses. He is taken to jail. While the last episode of "Guilty Grampa" is being recorded, Dr. Hibbert says that Vivienne did not die. She went to a resort in Mexico so that Grampa could give her money for insurance.

This is the first episode that David X. Cohen wrote since 1998. Morgan Fairchild voices Vivienne St. Charmaine in the episode. Christine Nangle voices Tabitha Shingle. Stellan Skarsgård is in the episode as himself. Yeardley Smith (voice actor for Lisa Simpson) is shown in the episode as herself.

3.50 million people watched the episode when it was first shown on television. Tony Sokol of "Den of Geek" said that the episode has "a sense of tension throughout" and thought the end of the episode was satisfying and "morally ambiguous" (saying that more than one lesson is shown in the episode).

The Way of the Dog

"The Way of the Dog" is the 22nd episode of the 31st season of "The Simpsons". It is the last episode of the 31st season. It was first shown on television on May 17, 2020. In the episode, Santa's Little Helper bites Marge. The Simpson family look back to the dog's history before the family got him. They take Santa's Little Helper back to his mother so that he does not have to be euthanized.

The Casagrandes

The Casagrandes (Los Casagrandes) is an American animated television series. It was developed by Michael Rubiner. The series is a spin-off of "The Loud House". It first aired on October 14, 2019, the same day "The Loud House" episode "Kings of the Con" premiered. The series aired for three seasons. 

On February 17, 2022, "Axios" reported that Nickelodeon had cancelled the series. The final episode of the series aired on September 30, 2022.


The show is set in Great Lakes City.

The Casagrandes first appeared on The Loud House which premiered on May 2, 2016. Bobby Santiago was introduced on the series premiere episode of The Loud House Get The Message, which aired on May 2, 2016, Ronnie Anne Santiago was introduced in The Loud House episode Heavy Meddle, which aired on May 3, Bobby and Ronnie Anne Santiago was physically introduced in The Loud House episode Save The Date, which aired on August 4, 2016, Maria Casagrande Santiago (mom of Bobby and Ronnie Anne) was introduced in The Loud House episode Shell Shock which aired on April 13, 2017, the full Casagrande family was introduced in The Loud House episode The Loudest Mission: Relative Chaos which aired on May 29, 2017. On March 6, 2018, it was announced that Nickelodeon was developing a spinoff of The Loud House title The Casagrandes formerly title Los Casagrandes. On July 2, 2018, it was announced that Nickelodeon officially green-lit the animated series with a 20-episode order. On February 14, 2019, it was announced that The Casagrandes, would premiere in October 2019. The show premiered in October 14, 2019


Namibia, Land of the Brave

"Namibia, Land of the Brave" is the national song of Namibia.

Ron Kirk

Ronald Kirk (born June 27, 1954) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party who served as the United States Trade Representative from 2009 to 2013 and the 57th Mayor of Dallas from 1995 to 2002.

Michael Froman

Michael Braverman Goodman Froman (born August 20, 1962) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the U.S. Trade Representative from 2013 to 2017. 

He was Assistant to the President of the United States and Deputy National Security Advisor for International Economic Affairs, a position held jointly at the National Security Council and the National Economic Council. 

On May 2, 2013 President Barack Obama nominated him to succeed Ambassador Ron Kirk as the U.S. Trade Representative. He was confirmed on June 19, 2013.

Lisa P. Jackson

Lisa Perez Jackson (born February 8, 1962) is an American chemical engineer. She was the Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from 2009 to 2013. She is the first African-American to have held that position.

Gina McCarthy

Regina McCarthy (born May 3, 1954) is an American environmental health and air quality expert. She was the 13th Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) from 2013 to 2017.

On December 17, 2020, Joe Biden announced that he would be nominating McCarthy as the first National Climate Advisor.

In September 2022, McCarthy announced her resignation as Climate Change advisor.

Peter R. Orszag

Peter Richard Orszag (born December 16, 1968) is an American banker and former government official. He is the CEO of Financial Advisory at Lazard.

He was the 37th Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under President Barack Obama and had also was the Director of the Congressional Budget Office (CBO).

Loulan Kingdom

Loulan, also called Krorän or Kroraina, was an ancient kingdom. It was based on an important oasis city on the Silk Road. It was known in the 2nd century BC on the northeastern edge of the Lop Desert. Loulan is now in Xinjiang, China.

The oasis has now dried up.

Christina Romer

Christina Duckworth Romer (née Duckworth; born December 25, 1958) is an American politician and economist. She was the Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers in the Obama administration. She resigned from her role on the Council of Economic Advisers on September 3, 2010.

East of Sudan

East of Sudan is a 1964 British adventure movie directed by Nathan Juran and starring Anthony Quayle, Sylvia Syms, Derek Fowlds, Johnny Sekka, Jenny Agutter, Derek Blomfield.


Yolanda and the Thief

Yolanda and the Thief is a 1945 American musical comedy movie directed by Vincente Minnelli and starring Fred Astaire, Lucille Bremer, Frank Morgan, Mildred Natwick, Mary Nash, Leon Ames. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Austan Goolsbee

Austan Dean Goolsbee (born August 18, 1969) is an American economist. Goolsbee was the Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers. He was a member of the cabinet of President Barack Obama and an acting fill-in anchor for WGN-TV in Chicago.

Jason Furman

Jason Furman (born August 18, 1970) is an American economist. He is a professor at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government and a Senior Fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. 

On June 10, 2013, Furman was named by President Barack Obama as chair of the Council of Economic Advisers (CEA). 

Karen Mills

Karen Gordon Mills (born September 14, 1953) is an American politician and businesswoman. She was the 23rd Administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA). She was sworn in on April 6, 2009.

On February 11, 2013, she announced her resignation as Administrator and left the post on September 1, 2013.

Small Business Administration

The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) is a United States government agency that gives support to entrepreneurs and small businesses.

The Small Business Administration wants "to maintain and strengthen the nation's economy by enabling the establishment and viability of small businesses and by assisting in the economic recovery of communities after disasters".

The Small Business Administration (SBA) Economic Injury Disaster Loan (EIDL) maximum amounts have changed numerous times since the inception of the popular COVID loan program in March 2020. From the original $2 million, it was quickly reduced to $150,000 when millions of business owners were applying in droves. In 2020 it was raised to $500,000 and in September 2021, it was restored back to the original $2 million maximum for those small businesses that qualify for this size EIDL loan.

Maria Contreras-Sweet

Maria Contreras-Sweet (born 1955) is a Mexican-American businesswoman and politician. She was the 24th Administrator of the Small Business Administration from 2014 to 2017.

On January 15, 2014, she was nominated by President Barack Obama to join his Cabinet as head of the Small Business Administration. She was confirmed as the Administrator of the Small Business Administration by voice vote on March 27, 2014.

Jason Marsden

Jason Christopher Marsden (born January 3, 1975) is an American actor, director and producer. He is known for being the voice of Max Goof since 1995. He replaced Dana Hill after her death in 1996.


James Wasserman

James Wasserman (23 June 1948 – 18 November 2020) was an American author and occultist. He was a member of Ordo Templi Orientis from 1976 until his death. He was a book designer by trade. Many of his books were spiritual and about political liberty. Wasserman was born in New Jersey.


Malcolm Marmorstein

Malcolm Marmorstein (August 9, 1928 – November 21, 2020) was an American screenwriter and director. He was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. He wrote the television screenplay for "Dark Shadows" and the screenplay for "Pete's Dragon". He directed the comedies "Dead Men Don't Die" and "Love Bites".

Marmorstein died on November 21, 2020 at his home in Los Angeles from cancer, aged 92.

Dark Shadows

Dark Shadows is an American gothic soap opera that originally aired weekdays on the ABC television network, from June 27, 1966, to April 2, 1971.

In 2004 and 2007, it was ranked #19 and #23 on "TV Guide"s Top Cult Shows Ever.

Christophe Dominici

Christophe Dominici (20 May 1972 – 24 November 2020) was a French rugby union footballer of Italian origin. He played wing for Stade Français and France. He was born in Toulon, France.

On 24 November 2020, Dominici was seen climbing the roof of an abandoned building at Saint-Cloud Park, near Paris. He was found dead shortly afterwards, aged 48.

Vatican leaks scandal

The Vatican leaks scandal, also known as Vati-Leaks, is a scandal involving leaked Vatican documents, which showed corruption and also found the blackmailing of homosexual clergy by individuals outside the Church. 

Over following months, the more documents were leaked showing power struggles inside the Vatican. In early 2012, an anonymous letter made the headlines for its warning of a death threat against Pope Benedict XVI. 

The scandal escalated in May 2012 when Nuzzi published a book entitled "" made of confidential letters and memos between Pope Benedict and his personal secretary. 

Kalbe Sadiq

Kalbe Sadiq (22 June 1939 – 24 November 2020) was an Islamic scholar, reformer, educator, philanthropist and preacher. He was born in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh. He gave lectures mostly in the Islamic month of Muharram. He founded the Tauheedul Muslimeen Trust on 18 April 1984 that provided educational aid to poor students. 

Sadiq died on 24 November 2020 at a hospital in Lucknow from pneumonia caused by colorectal cancer, aged 81.

Amateur wrestling

Amateur wrestling is the most widespread form of sport wrestling.[citation needed] There are two international wrestling styles performed in the Olympic Games under the supervision of FILA (Fédération Internationale des Luttes Associées or International Federation of Associated Wrestling Styles): Greco-Roman and freestyle. Freestyle is possibly derived from the English Lancashire style. A similar style, commonly called collegiate (also known as scholastic or folkstyle), is practiced in colleges and universities, secondary schools, middle schools, and among younger age groups in the United States. Where the style is not specified, this article refers to the international styles played on a mat.

TeamViewer

TeamViewer is a computer program for remote control, desktop sharing, online meetings, web conferencing and file transfer between computers.

Fred Sasakamoose

Frederick Sasakamoose, (December 25, 1933 — November 24, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He was one of the first Canadian indigenous players in the National Hockey League. He played 11 games with the Chicago Black Hawks from 1953 to 1960. He was born in Debden, Saskatchewan.

Sasakamoose died on November 24, 2020 in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan from COVID-19 at the age of 86.

Mamadou Tandja

Lieutenant Colonel (ret.) Mamadou Tandja (1938 – 24 November 2020) was a Nigerien politician. He was President of Niger from 1999 to 2010. He was removed from office by the military in a coup d'état in February 2010.

Tandja died of a long-illness on 24 November 2020 at a hospital in Niamey, Niger at the age of 82.

Brigi Rafini

Brigi Rafini (born 7 April 1953) is a Nigerien politician. He was the Prime Minister of Niger from 2011 to 2021.

List of heads of government of Niger

This is a list of prime ministers of Niger since the formation of the post of Prime Minister of Niger in 1983 to the present day.

The current Prime Minister of Niger is Ali Lamine Zeine, since 8 August 2023.


Vasil Yakusha

Vasil Fyodaravich Yakusha (, 30 June 1958 – 24 November 2020) was a Belarusian rower. He competed for the Soviet Union where he won a silver medal in the 1980 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal in the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born in Kiev, Ukraine. 

Yakusha died on 24 November 2020 at the age of 62.

Ahmad Mukhtar

Chaudhry Ahmad Mukhtar () (22 June 1946 – 25 November 2020) was a Pakistani politician and businessman. He was a member of the Pakistan Peoples Party. He was born in Lahore. From 2008 to 2012, he was the Minister of Defence. From 2012 to 2013, he was the Minister for Water and Power.

Mukhtar died on 25 November 2020 in Lahore, aged 74.

Ahmed Patel

Ahmedbhai Mohammedbhai Patel, better known as Ahmed Patel (21 August 194925 November 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a Member of Parliament for the Indian National Congress from 1977 to 1989 and from 1993 until his death. He was the political secretary to Congress President Sonia Gandhi.

Patel was born in Bharuch, present-day Gujarat. He studied at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University. Patel died at a hospital in Gurugram, Haryana from multiple organ failure caused by COVID-19 on 25 November 2020, aged 71.

Mike Carter (politician)

Owen Michael Carter (October 16, 1953 – May 16, 2021), commonly known as Mike Carter, was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives from January 8, 2013 until his death. Before that, he was Judge of the General Sessions Court of Hamilton County, Tennessee.

In November 2020, Carter was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer while being treated for COVID-19. He died from the disease on May 16, 2021 in Chattanooga, Tennessee at the age of 67.

Ooltewah, Tennessee

Ooltewah is a census-designated place (CDP) in Hamilton County, Tennessee, United States. It is a suburb of Chattanooga. The population was 684 at the 2020 census.

Collegedale, Tennessee

Collegedale is a city in Hamilton County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 11,109 at the 2020 census.

Emma Willis

Emma Louise Willis (née Griffiths; born 18 March 1976) is an English television presenter, radio personality, and former model. She was born in Birmingham, England. She is known for her television and radio work with Channel 5, BBC, ITV, and Heart FM. 

Willis has presented "Big Brother" and "Celebrity Big Brother" (2013–2018), as well as the spin-off series "Big Brother's Bit on the Side" (2011–2015). She also presented "The Voice UK" and "The Voice Kids". In 2019, Willis presented the second series of "The Circle".

In 2012, she married Matt Willis. They have three children.

Matt Willis

Mathew James Willis (born 8 May 1983), also previously known as Mattie Jay, is an English singer-songwriter, television presenter and actor. He is best known as the bassist and the Co-Vocalists of the pop punk band, Busted. 

Willis released his debut solo album "Don't Let It Go to Waste" on 20 November 2006.

In 2012, he married BBC television personality Emma Griffiths. They have three children.

Admir Džubur

Admir Džubur (13 June 1964 – 23 November 2020) was a Bosnian businessman and football administrator. He was the president of Bosnian Premier League club Željezničar from 29 June 2019 until his death. He was born in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Džubur was a Muslim.

He was also the director of KJKP "Toplane - Sarajevo".

Džubur died on 23 November 2020 from COVID-19, during its pandemic in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina at the age of 56.

Otto Duintjer

Otto Dirk Duintjer (30 April 1932 – 23 November 2020) was a Dutch philosopher. He was born in Amsterdam, Netherlands. 

He was an assistant professor at Leiden University from 1960 to 1970.

From 1970 to 1987, he was full professor of epistemology and metaphysics at the University of Amsterdam. From 1987 to his retirement in 1997, he held the chair of "Philosophy and Spirituality" at the same university.

Duintjer died on 23 November 2020 in Heemstede, Netherlands at the age of 88.

$pringfield (Or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Legalized Gambling)

"$pringfield (Or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Legalized Gambling)" is the 10th episode of the 5th season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on television on December 16, 1993. In the episode, gambling becomes legal in Springfield. Mr. Burns starts a casino and gets Homer Simpson a job as a blackjack dealer. Marge gets a gambling addiction and Bart starts another casino in a treehouse. The episode was written by Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein. Wes Archer is the director of the episode.


Shirley Setia

Shirley Setia is a singer and actress from Auckland.

Glasgow smile

A Glasgow smile (also known as a Glasgow grin, Anna grin Cheshire grin or Chelsea smile) is a nickname for the result of cutting a victim's face from the edges of the mouth to the ears. The cut – and the scars it leaves – form an extension of what resembles a smile. Sometimes further to hurt or even kill the victim, he or she would then be stabbed or kicked, most notably in the stomach (or in case of kicking, the groin), so that the face would be ripped apart when the victim screamed. Mutilation of this kind is commonly inflicted with a utility knife.

Edward Lazear

Edward Paul Lazear (, ) (August 17, 1948 – November 23, 2020) was an American economist. He was a member of the Republican Party. From 2006 to 2009, he was Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers during the George W. Bush presidency.

He was the Morris Arnold and Nona Jean Cox Senior Fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University and the Davies Family Professor of Economics at Stanford Graduate School of Business.

Lazear was born in New York City. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles and at Harvard University. Lazear died of pancreatic cancer on November 23, 2020 in Stanford, California at the age of 72.

Michael Boskin

Michael Jay Boskin (born September 23, 1945) is an American economist, businessman and politician. He is the T. M. Friedman Professor of Economics and senior Fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution.

He also is Chief Executive Officer and President of Boskin & Co., an economic consulting company.

During the presidency of George H. W. Bush, he was the Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers between 1989 to 1993.

Assam tree frog

The Assam tree frog, Indian hylid frog, Indian leaf frog, West China tree toad, Gongshan tree toad, Jingdong tree toad, Chuanxi tree toad, Wuling tree toad, Tengchong tree toad, green leave frog, southwestern China tree frog, Jerdon's tree frog, green tree frog, European green tree frog or common tree frog ("Hyla annectans") is a tree frog from southern Asia. People have seen it in India, Myanmar, Vietnam, China and Thailand.

Spanish football rivalries

There are several notable football rivalries in Spain. The most popular rivalry is El Clásico.

"See this for more info"
The rivalry between FC Barcelona and Atletico Madrid (commonly known as El Otro Clásico) was first played back in 1921.


The rivalry between Spain and Portugal is one of the oldest national football rivalries. Their first game was played in 1921 (Spain 3-1 Portugal, Friendly). They have played 37 games against each other. The most recent game was a 0-0 draw on October 7, 2020. The top scorer in the rivalry is Isidro Lángara with 9 goals, including 5 goals in Spain's 9-0 win during 1934 FIFA World Cup qualification.

The rivalry between Spain and Italy has been ongoing since their first meeting in 1920 (Spain 2-0 Italy, 1920 Olympics). They have played each other 38 times in total, with the latest match being a 2-1 win for Spain during the 2021 UEFA Nations League Finals

List of The Casagrandes episodes

The Casagrandes is an American animated series. It is a spin-off of "The Loud House".


Ziegfeld Follies (movie)

Ziegfeld Follies is a 1946 American musical comedy movie directed by Vincente Minnelli, Lemuel Ayers, Roy Del Ruth, Robert Lewis, Merrill Pye, George Sidney, Charles Walters. It stars Fred Astaire, Lucille Ball, Judy Garland, Esther Williams, Victor Moore, Red Skelton, William Powell, Gene Kelly and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Dashavatar

The Dashavatara refers to the ten main incarnations of Lord Vishnu, the god of preservation. Vishnu is said to descend in the form of an avatar to restore balance in the world.

The list of included avatars varies across sects and regions. All avatars have appeared except Kalki, who will appear at the end of the Kali Yuga.

The order of the ancient concept of Dashavataras has been interpreted to be reflective of modern Darwinian evolution- it is the theory of evolution told as a story, written between 12.000-14,000 years ago. It describes the cycle of human evolution beginning in water as Matsya the fish, on to the amphibious phase (half land and water) as Koorma, the tortoise, on to begin firmly established on land as the wild boar Varaha, then Narsimha- half man- half animal, followed by Vamana, the Dwarf man, on to Parashurama, the emotionally volatile man, on to Rama, the peaceful man, Balram , then Krishna, a loving man , who is said to be succeeded by the final incarnation of Vishnu, or the last stage of evolution as Kalki, the mystical man. This is thus also a description of the evolution of consciousness.

The Word Dashavatar means Ten Incarnations or Ten Avatars



The word “Avatar”, a Sanskrit word means “descent”. In Sanatana Dharma it means the Descent/Incarnation/Manifest/Appearance of Lord/Supreme Being/Deity in an earthly embodiment.

There is no reference of Avatar exists in Vedas. The Bhagavad Gita discusses the subject matter associated with Avatar in textual format in Chapter 4 Slokas 5~9, where Lord Shri Krishna Himself declared the role of taking Avatar.

Whenever and wherever there is a decline in religious practice, O descendant of Bharata, and a predominant rise of irreligion — at that time I descend Myself. To deliver the pious and to annihilate the miscreants, as well as to reestablish the principles of religion, I Myself appear, millennium after millennium. (Bhagavad Gita Chapter 4 Verses 7~8)

Various versions of the list of Vishnu's avatars exist, varying per region and tradition. Some lists mention Krishna as the eighth avatar and the Buddha as the ninth avatar, while others – such as the "Yatindramatadipika", a 17th-century summary of Srivaisnava doctrine – give Balarama as the eighth avatar and Krishna as the ninth. The latter version is followed by some Vaishnavas who don't accept the Buddha as an incarnation of Vishnu. Though no list can be uncontroversially presented as standard, the "most accepted list found in Puranas and other texts is [...] Krishna, Buddha."

The following table summarises the position of avatars within the Dashavatara 

The Agni Purana, Padma Purana, Garuda Purana, Linga Purana, Narada Purana, Skanda Purana and Varaha Purana mention the common (Krishna, Buddha) Dashavatara list.The Garuda Purana has two lists, one longer list with Krishna and Buddha, and a list with Balarama and Buddha, which substitutes Vamana for Rama. The Shiva Purana has Balarama and Krishna. 

The list with Krishna and Buddha is also found in the Garuda Purana "Saroddhara", a commentary or ‘extracted essence’ of the Garuda Purana (i.e. not the Purana itself, with which it seems to be confused):The Fish, the Tortoise, the Boar, the Man-Lion, the Dwarf, Parasurama, Rama, Krisna, Buddha, and also Kalki: These ten names should always be meditated upon by the wise. Those who recite them near the diseased are called relatives.

---Garuda Purana Saroddhara by Navanidhirama (translated by E. Wood and S.V. Subrahmanyam), Chapter VIII, Verses 10-11


Charles Boycott

Charles Boycott (12 March 1832 – 19 June 1897) was the man on which the modern word of refusing trade or any commercial or social relation with a person or organisation “boycott” invented.

“Boycott” us not the origin English word but it was named for the name of Charles Boycott.

Strangely he was the person who was first victim of being “boycott”. Farmers of Mayo County of Ireland had started the movement of refusing any trade, commercial or social relationships with Charles Boycott

Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo

Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo is a 1944 American World War II drama movie directed by Mervyn LeRoy and was based on the 1943 novel of the same name by Ted W. Lawson. It stars Spencer Tracy, Van Johnson, Robert Mitchum, Stephen McNally, Phyllis Thaxter, Robert Walker, Leon Amos, Benson Fong and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 2 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1945.


Action (movie)

Action is a 1921 American western movie directed by John Ford and was based on the 1913 novel "The Three Godfathers" by Peter B. Kyne. It stars Hoot Gibson, Francis Ford, Buck Connors, J. Farrell MacDonald, William Robert Daly, Jim Corey and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It is a lost movie.


Bolero

Bolero refers to two distinct genres of slow-tempo Hispanic music and their dances. The oldest type of bolero came from Spain during the late 18th century.

The second type of bolero was also a slow musical form, from late 19th century Cuba. It was sung by itinerant trovadors (travelling singers) whose main accompaniment was the guitar.

The bolero survives today as a slow music and dance form.


President of the World Bank Group

The president of the World Bank Group is the head of World Bank Group.


Jim Yong Kim

Jim Yong Kim (; born December 8, 1959), also known as Kim Yong (/金墉), is a Korean-American physician and anthropologist. He was born in Seoul. He was the 12th President of the World Bank from 2012 to 2019.

On January 7, 2019, he announced that he would be stepping down and left office a month later on February 1.

Robert Zoellick

Robert Bruce Zoellick (; ; born July 25, 1953) is an American lawyer and public official . He was the eleventh president of the World Bank from July 1, 2007 to June 30, 2012. He was a managing director of Goldman Sachs, United States Deputy Secretary of State and U.S. Trade Representative, from February 7, 2001 until February 22, 2005.

Zoellick has been a senior fellow at Harvard's Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs since ending his term with the World Bank. He is currently a Senior Counselor at Brunswick Group.

David Malpass

David Robert Malpass (born March 8, 1956) is an American economic analyst and former government official. He was the President of the World Bank Group from 2019 to 2023. Malpass was Under Secretary of the Treasury for International Affairs under Donald Trump, Deputy Assistant Treasury Secretary under Ronald Reagan, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State under George H. W. Bush.

Flor Silvestre

Guillermina Jiménez Chabolla (16 August 1930 – 25 November 2020), known professionally as Flor Silvestre, was a Mexican singer, actress, and equestrienne. She was born in Salamanca, Guanajuato. 

Her best known songs were "Cielo rojo", "Mi destino fue quererte" and "Gaviota traidora". Her best known movie roles were in "Primero soy mexicano", "El bolero de Raquel", "The Soldiers of Pancho Villa" and "Ánimas Trujano".

Silvestre was married to actor Antonio Aguilar between 1959 until his death in 2007. They had two children; including singer Pepe.

Silvestre died on 25 November 2020 at her home in Villanueva, Zacatecas at the age of 90.

Salamanca, Guanajuato

Salamanca (Otomi: "Xidoo" "Place of Tepetate") is a city in the Mexican state of Guanajuato.


Villanueva, Zacatecas

Villanueva is a city in the state of Zacatecas, Mexico. It is the administrative seat of the municipality of Villanueva.

Pepe Aguilar

José Antonio Aguilar Jiménez (born August 7, 1968), better known by stage name as Pepe Aguilar, is a Mexican-American singer-songwriter and actor.

Aguilar is the son of Mexican singer-actors Antonio Aguilar and Flor Silvestre.

Aguilar has sold over 12 million albums worldwide. His work has won him four Grammy Awards, five Latin Grammy Awards, nineteen Lo Nuestro Awards, and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Antonio Aguilar

Antonio Aguilar Barraza (born José Pascual Antonio Aguilar Márquez Barraza; 17 May 191919 June 2007) was a Mexican singer-songwriter, actor, equestrian, movie producer, and screenwriter. 

He recorded over 150 albums, which sold 25 million copies. He acted in more than 120 movies.

His son, Pepe Aguilar, is a popular Mexican-American singer.

Aguilar died of pneumonia on 19 June 2007 at a hospital in Mexico City, aged 88.

João Cunha

João Orlando Duarte da Cunha (30 August 1939 – 14 November 2020) was a Brazilian politician. He was born in Ribeirão Preto, São Paulo. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement. Cunha was known for being a political ally of President-elect Tancredo Neves. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1975 to 1991.

Cunha died on 14 November 2020 in Ribeirão Preto at the age of 81.

Vittorio Catani

Vittorio Catani (17 July 1940 – 23 November 2020) was an Italian science fiction writer. He was born in Lecce and worked in Bari, Italy. He started publishing essays and fiction in 1962. His first novel, "Gli universi di Moras", won the "Urania" in 1990. Some of his works were published for "La Gazzetta del Mezzogiorno".

His second science fiction novel, "Il Quinto Principio", was published in December 2009 by "Urania".

Catani died in Bari on 23 November 2020, at the age of 80.

Woman of the Year

Woman of the Year is a 1942 American romantic comedy movie directed by George Stevens and starring Spencer Tracy, Katherine Hepburn, Fay Bainter, Reginald Owen, William Bendix, Gladys Blake, Roscoe Karns. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 2 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1943.


Peter Lichtner-Hoyer

Peter Lichtner-Hoyer (28 December 1925 – 23 November 2020) was an Austrian sportsman and colonel. He was born in Graz, Austria. He competed during the 1956 Summer Olympics in show jumping and 1960 Summer Olympics in pentathlon.

Lichtner-Hoyer was born in Graz and died on 23 November 2020 in Vienna at the age of 94.

Juan de Dios Castro Lozano

Juan de Dios Castro Lozano (25 March 1942 – 24 November 2020) was a Mexican lawyer and politician. He was a member of the National Action Party. He was a member of the Congress of the Union between 1979 to 1985, 1991 to 2000 and 2003 to 2006. Castro Lozano was born in Torreón, Coahuila.

He also was President of the Chamber of Deputies from 2003 to 2004.

Castro Lozano died on 24 November 2020 from COVID-19 in Mexico City, aged 78.

José de Bastos

José Manuel de Bastos (17 October 1929 – 23 November 2020) was a Portuguese footballer. He played as goalkeeper. 

Bastos played for Benfica. Bastos played in their 1950 Latin Cup victory over Bordeaux and became the last surviving player from that game. He remained at Benfica until 1961. From 1978 to 1980 he was manager of G.D. Estoril Praia.

After Benfica, Bastos played for Beira-Mar and Atlético.

Bastos died in Cascais, Portugal on 23 November 2020, aged 91.

Jim Hanifan

James Martin Michael Hanifan (September 21, 1933 – November 24, 2020) was an American football coach. He was the head coach for the St. Louis Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL) from 1980 to 1985. In 1955, he played for the Toronto Argonauts. Hanifan was born in Compton, California.

Hanifan died on November 24, 2020 in St. Louis, Missouri at the age of 87.

José Manuel Mireles Valverde

José Manuel Mireles Valverde (24 October 1958 – 25 November 2020) was a Mexican medical doctor and activist. He founded the paramilitary self-defense groups that fought against the Knights Templar Cartel. He would support people shooting at cartel members out of self-defense. He was arrested for having illegal firearms and explosives in 2014.

On 25 November 2020, Mireles Valverde died from COVID-19 at the age of 62.

Marc-André Bédard (politician)

Marc-André Bédard (15 August 1935 – 25 November 2020) was a Canadian attorney and politician. He was born in Lac-à-la-Croix, Quebec. Bédard was a member of the National Assembly of Quebec from 1973 to 1985. He was Minister of Justice and Deputy Premier. 

During the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada, he died from the infection on 25 November 2020 in at a hospital in Saguenay, Quebec at the age of 85.

Saïd Bouhadja

Saïd Bouhadja (22 April 1938 – 25 November 2020) was an Algerian politician. He was a member of the National Liberation Front. He was born in Skikda, Algeria. From 2017 until his death, he was a member of the People's National Assembly from 2017 until his death. He was the president of the assembly from 2017 until 2018.

He unsuccessfully ran for President of Algeria in 2019.

Bouhadja died on 25 November 2020 in Algiers, aged 82.

Skikda

Skikda ⵙⴽⵉⴽⴷⴰ (), formerly Philippeville, is a city in northeastern Algeria and a port on the Mediterranean. It is the capital of Skikda Province and Skikda District.


Markus Paul

Markus Paul (April 1, 1966November 25, 2020) was an American football coach and player. He coached for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League from 2018 until 2020. He was also an assistant coach for the New York Giants from 2007 until 2018. Paul also played for the Chicago Bears from 1989 to 1993 and for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 1993. 

Paul was born in Orlando, Florida. He studied at Syracuse University. Paul died on November 25, 2020 at a hospital in Plano, Texas at the age of 54.

Zenon Plech

Zenon Plech (1 January 1953 – 25 November 2020) was a Polish international motorcycle speedway rider. He finished third in the Speedway World Championship in 1973 and as the runner-up in 1979. Plech was born in Zwierzyn, Poland.

Plech died on 25 November 2020 in Gdansk, Poland at the age of 67.

Jacques Secrétin

Jacques Secrétin (18 March 1949 – 25 November 2020) was a French international table tennis player. He was selected for the French national team at the age of 13. He was born in Carvin, France.

In a 26-year career, Secrétin was singles champion of France seventeen times and European single champion in 1976. He won the gold medal in mixed doubles at the 1977 World Table Tennis Championships in Birmingham, England. 

Secrétin died on 25 November 2020 at the age of 71.

Tancredo Neves

Tancredo de Almeida Neves () (March 4, 1910 – April 21, 1985) was a Brazilian politician, lawyer, and businessman who was the President-elect of Brazil in 1985, but died before taking office.

Tancredo Neves was born in São João del-Rei, Minas Gerais. He was of Austrian descent. 

Neves studied at Colégio Santo Antônio, a Franciscan school. In 1928 he began studies at the Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais where he earned a bachelor's degree in Law, in 1932 and was a public prosecutor in 1933.

He was Minister of Justice and Interior Affairs from 1953 to 1954, Prime Minister from 1961 to 1962, Minister of Finance in 1962, and as Governor of Minas Gerais from 1983 to 1984. 

During his time as a deputy, Neves was a critic of the military regimes of Humberto de Alencar Castelo Branco, Artur da Costa e Silva, Emílio Garrastazu Médici, Ernesto Geisel and João Figueiredo.

He was elected President of Brazil in 1985, but died before he took office.

Neves was supposed to be inaugurated as the Brazilian president on 15 March 1985, however the day before his vice president Jose Sarney became acting president after being sworn-in while Neves recovered from surgery. He died of diverticulitis at a São Paulo hospital on 21 April 1985, aged 75. It was also reported Neves had stomach cancer, but his diagnosis was kept secret.

João Figueiredo

João Baptista de Oliveira Figueiredo (; January 15, 1918 – December 24, 1999) was a Brazilian military leader and politician. He was the 30th President of Brazil from 1979 to 1985. 

He was the last of the military regime that ruled the country following the 1964 coup d'état.

Ernesto Geisel

Ernesto Beckmann Geisel (, ; August 3, 1907 – September 12, 1996) was a Brazilian Army officer and politician. He was President of Brazil from 1974 to 1979, during the Brazilian military government.

Ingrida Šimonytė

Ingrida Šimonytė (born 15 November 1974) is a Lithuanian politician and economist. She has been the Prime Minister of Lithuania since 25 November 2020. She is the second woman to hold the office. She has been a member of the Seimas for the Antakalnis constituency since 2016.

She was minister of finance in the second Kubilius cabinet from 2009 until 2012. She was a candidate in the 2019 presidential election.

Prime Minister of Lithuania

The prime minister of Lithuania (, literally translated as Minister-Chairman) is the head of the Government of Lithuania. The prime minister is Lithuania's head of government and is appointed by the President.


Rolandas Paksas

Rolandas Paksas (born 10 June 1956) is a Lithuanian politician who was President of Lithuania from 2003 until his impeachment and removal from office in 2004. He was Prime Minister of Lithuania in 1999 and again from 2000 to 2001, and he was Mayor of Vilnius from 1997 to 1999 and again from 2000 to 2001.

He is thought to be worst President of Lithuania in modern history.

Artūras Paulauskas

Artūras Paulauskas (born 23 August 1953) is a Lithuanian politician. He was the Speaker of Seimas, the parliament of Lithuania, from 2000 to 2006, and he was Acting President of Lithuania from 6 April 2004 to 12 July 2004.

Seimas

The Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania (), or simply the Seimas, is the unicameral parliament of Lithuania.

The Seimas either approves or rejects the candidate for the Prime Minister nominated by the President.

Its 141 members are elected for a four-year term.

Viktorija Čmilytė-Nielsen

Viktorija Čmilytė-Nielsen (née Čmilytė; born 6 August 1983) is a Lithuanian politician and chess player. She is the current Speaker of the Seimas since 13 November 2020. She is the third woman to hold this position.

She was awarded the title Grandmaster by FIDE in 2010. She was European women's champion in 2011, and is a two-time Lithuanian champion. 

Čmilytė-Nielsen began her career in politics in 2015, when she was selected to replace Remigijus Šimašius in the Seimas for the Liberal Movement. She became Seimas opposition leader in 2019.

List of speakers of the Seimas

The Speaker of the Seimas (, literally translated as Chairman of the Seimas) is the presiding officer of the Seimas, the parliament of Lithuania.


Česlovas Juršėnas

Česlovas Juršėnas (born 18 May 1938) is a Lithuanian politician. He was Speaker of the Seimas in from 1993 to 1996 and in 2008.

Irena Degutienė

Irena Degutienė (born 1 June 1949) is a Lithuanian politician. She is member of the conservative Homeland Union.

She was twice the acting Prime Minister of Lithuania, first from 4 May 1999 to 18 May 1999 and then from 27 October 1999 to 3 November 1999. 

She has also been the Minister for Social Security and Labour from 1996 to 2000. In 1996, she was elected to Seimas and re-elected in 2000.

On 15 September 2009, Degutienė became Speaker of the Seimas, a position she held until 14 September 2012. She is the first woman to hold such position in Lithuania's history.

F. C. Kohli

Faqir Chand Kohli (19 March 1924 – 26 November 2020), popularly known as F. C. Kohli, was an Indian engineer and software businessman. He was known as the "Father of the Indian Software Industry".

He was the founder and first CEO of Tata Consultancy Services, India's largest software company. He was the deputy general manager of the Tata Power Company. He was Chairman of the Board of Governors of College of Engineering, Pune.

Kohli died of a heart attack on 26 November 2020 at the age of 96.

Dadang Wigiarto

Dadang Wigiarto (20 December 1966 – 26 November 2020) was an Indonesian politician. He was a member of the National Awakening Party. Wigiarto was born in Pasuruan, Indonesia. From 2010 until his death, he was Regent of the Situbondo Regency.

Wigiarto died of COVID-19 on 26 November 2020 in the Situbondo Regency at the age of 53.

Julio César Gandarilla Bermejo

Julio César Gandarilla Bermejo (1943 – 24 November 2020) was a Cuban military official and politician. He was born in Matanzas, Cuba. He was a rear admiral for the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces. From 2017 until his death, he was the Minister of the Interior.

Gandarilla Bermejo died of a long-illness in Havana on 24 November 2020 at the age of 77.

Matanzas

Matanzas (Cuban ) is the capital of the Cuban province of Matanzas. It is located on the northern shore of the island of Cuba, on the Bay of Matanzas (Spanish "Bahia de Matanzas"). It is east of the capital Havana and west of the resort town of Varadero.

Matanzas is called the "City of Bridges", for the seventeen bridges that cross the three rivers.

Jamir Garcia

Vladimir S. "Jamir" Garcia (5 September 1978 – 26 November 2020) was a Filipino alternative metal singer-songwriter. He was the main vocalist of the metal band Slapshock. Garcia was born in Pampanga, Philippines. His career began in 1997. 

On 26 November 2020, Garcia was found dead at his home in Quezon City at the age of 42. The cause of death is believed to be suicide by hanging.


Carthaginian tree frog

The Carthaginian tree frog ("Hyla carthaginiensis") is a tree frog from Algeria and Tunisia. It lives in the northern parts of both countries, in places where there is plenty of water in the air.

Scientists say this frog is related to "Hyla meridionalis".

Carlo Ausino

Carlo Ausino (20 July 1938 – 22 November 2020) was an Italian movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Messina, Kingdom of Italy. His career began in the 1960s. His best known works were "Double Game" (1977) and "" (1980).

Ausino died in Turin, Italy on 22 November 2020 at the age of 82.

Errol Morris

Errol Mark Morris (born February 5, 1948) is an American movie director. He is known for documentaries. His 1988 documentary "The Thin Blue Line" is said to be the best and most documentaries ever made. 

In 2003, his documentary movie "The Fog of War: Eleven Lessons from the Life of Robert S. McNamara" won the Oscar for Best Documentary Feature.

Morris is partially blind on one eye due to strabismus.

Morris has published articles on "The New York Times" website. The book "Believing is Seeing: Observations on the Mysteries of Photography," was published by Penguin Press in 2011. The book is a collection of essays.

Hewlett, New York

Hewlett is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Nassau County, New York on the South Shore of Long Island. As of the United States 2020 Census, the CDP population was 7,262.

Strabismus

Strabismus is a condition in which the eyes do not line up with each other when looking at an object.

John Connolly (FBI)

John Joseph Connolly Jr. (born August 1, 1940) is an American former Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) agent. 

He was convicted of racketeering, obstruction of justice, and murder charges caused from his relationship with James "Whitey" Bulger, Steve Flemmi, and the Winter Hill Gang.

Stephen Flemmi

Stephen Joseph Flemmi (born June 9, 1934) is an Italian-American gangster. He was part of the Winter Hill Gang and worked with mob boss Whitey Bulger. 

Beginning in 1975, Flemmi was a top informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).

Rory Cochrane

Rory Cochrane (born February 28, 1972) is an American actor. He was born in Syracuse, New York. He is known for playing Ron Slater in "Dazed and Confused", Lucas in "Empire Records", Lee Schatz in "Argo", Freck in "A Scanner Darkly" and Tim Speedle in "".

Scotch-Irish Americans

Scotch-Irish (or Scots-Irish) Americans are American descendants of Ulster Protestants who immigrated from northern Ireland to America during the 18th and 19th centuries, whose ancestors had originally migrated mainly from the Scottish Lowlands and northern England (and sometimes from the Anglo-Scottish border).

Cornish Americans

Cornish Americans (Cornish: "Kernowyon yn Amerika") are Americans who describe themselves as having Cornish ancestry, an ethnic group of Brittonic Celts native to Cornwall and the Scilly Isles in the United Kingdom. 

Romanian Americans

Romanian Americans are Americans who have Romanian ancestry. According to the 2017 American Community Survey, 478,278 Americans indicated Romanian as their first or second ancestry.

French-Canadian Americans

French-Canadian Americans (also referred to as Franco-Canadian Americans or Canadien Americans) are Americans of French-Canadian descent. About 2.1 million U.S. residents cited this ancestry in the 2010 U.S. Census; most of them speak French at home. 
Americans of French-Canadian descent are mostly found in New England and the Midwest. Their ancestors mostly arrived in the United States from Quebec between 1840 and 1930, though some families became established as early as the 17th and 18th centuries.

Chipset

A chipset is an arrangement of several integrated circuits which fulfill a given task. When talking about computers, chipset is the name for an arrangement of circuits on a motherboard that supports a microprocessor.

Pericarditis

Pericarditis (pronunciation: peri·​car·​di·​tis) is a heart condition. It is the swelling and irritation of the pericardium.

Pericarditis can be acute pericarditis or chronic pericarditis. A typical symptom of acute pericarditis is a sharp, pricking chest pain taking place rapidly. It is felt in the midst or left side of chest. There may be pain in one or both shoulders.

Walther PP

The Walther PP is a pistol, which was originally developed for police officers. The PP stands for "Polizeipistole", "Police pistol". It was developed in 1929, and produced until 1996. The pistol is a blowback semi-automatic. The weapons manufacturer Carl Walther GmbH built it.

Dante's Inferno (1935 movie)

Dante's Inferno is a 1935 American drama movie directed by Harry Lachman and was based on the 14th century poem "Divine Comedy" by Dante Alighieri. It stars Spencer Tracy, Claire Trevor, Henry B. Walthall, Alan Dinehart, Rita Hayworth, Don Ameche, Willard Robertson, Scotty Beckett and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Yellow Mask

The Yellow Mask is a 1930 British musical movie directed by Harry Lachman and was based on the 1927 novel "The Traitor's Gate" by Edgar Wallace and adapted into a play of the same name in 1928. It stars Lupino Lane, Dorothy Seacombe, Warwick Ward, Haddon Mason, Frank Cochrane, Wallace Lupino and was distributed by Wardour Pictures.

Hanna Jaff

Hanna, Marchioness of Guadiaro; (born Hanna Jazmin Jaff Bosdet; November 4, 1986) is a television personality, politician, philanthropist, speaker, author, executive producer and activist. She is recognized for being the first Mexican to join British aristocracy. She is married to Lord Francisco de Borja Queipo, and eldest son of the .

Hanna is from Tijuana, but was born in San Diego. She is a member of the tribe, and is a paternal descendant of Mohamed Pasha Jaff and a maternal descendant of . Her mother was born in Mexico.

After graduating high school in San Diego, Jaff completed a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology and Minors in Criminal Justice and Political Science from the . She later completed a Master's degree in International Relations at in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Additionally, she intermittently attended La Sorbonne in Paris, King's College in London, and Columbia University in New York for extended programs both during and after completing her degrees.
Jaff has been a speaker for three TEDx Talks, United Nations, as well as in over 80 Universities about human rights, peace, and education.

In 2013, she founded a nonprofit organization, Jaff Foundation for Education, to teach English to immigrants and refugees. The organization works to host charity events. It has launched non-discrimination campaigns to support immigrants and refugees. As of 2016, it has locations in all major states in Mexico and it has over 7,000 active volunteers that works for them, benefiting more than 120,000 people. Jaff has published four self-taught English books for Spanish, Kurdish, Purepecha, and Dari speakers. 

In 2013, she organized the first ever Kurdish festival in Mexico which was the largest festival held outside of Kurdistan.

In 2017, Jaff launched a clothing line under the brand name, We Are One Campaign to support the victims of war in the Middle East.

In 2021, Jaff was named Kindness Ambassador for global campaign.

In 2022, she was an executive producer of animated movie: “Águila y Jaguar: Los Guerreros Legendarios”.

Jaff has held a number of political roles, below are some of her roles from 2013-2018: 

Jaff has received awards including "Honorary Representative of the Garmiyan Kurdistan for Latin America". Other awards include:


In August 2018, Netflix announced that Jaff would be one of the cast members of the television show "Made in Mexico", which began airing on September 28, 2018.

Jaff has been proposed to six times, engaged thrice, married twice, and divorce once.

In 2019, Jaff started dating Harry Roper-Curzon, heir to the title Baron Teynham in the U.K. and married him in February 2020. The divorce resulted in a public scandal with viral videos showing him being abusive and racist to Jaff, including recordings of threats to defame and extort her. They divorced in February 2022. 

In September 2022, she married Spanish aristocrat The Most Excellent Lord Francisco de Borja Queipo de Llano, Grandee of Spain, Marquess of Guadiaro, Knight of the Royal Maestranza of Cavalry of Granada, and heir to the Count of Toreno and other minor titles. 

Limba noastră

"Limba noastră" (, meaning "Our Language") is the national anthem of Moldova. Before it became the country's national anthem in 1995, another national anthem – the same one used by neighbouring Romania – was used. The lyrics of "Limba noastră" were written by Alexei Mateevici a month before his death in 1917, and the tune for his lyrics was composed a while later by Alexandru Cristea in 1942.

Only the first, second, fifth, ninth, and twelfth stanzas (each highlighted in bold) are officially part of the Moldovan national anthem.

Romanian alphabet

The Romanian alphabet is a variant of the Latin alphabet used by the Romanian language. It is a modification of the classical Latin alphabet and consists of 31 letters. Five of the letters (Ă, Â, Î, Ș, and Ț) have been changed from their Latin originals for the phonetic requirements of the language:

The letters Q ("chiu"), W ("dublu v"), and Y ("igrec" or "i grec") were formally introduced in the Romanian alphabet in 1982, although they had been used earlier. They occur only in foreign words and their Romanian derivatives, such as "quasar", "watt", and "yacht". The letter "K", although relatively older, is also rarely used and appears only in proper names and international neologisms such as "kilogram", "broker", "karate". These four letters are still perceived as foreign, which explains their usage for stylistic purposes in words such as "nomenklatură" (normally "nomenclatură", meaning "nomenclature", but sometimes spelled with "k" instead of "c" if referring to members of the Communist leadership in the Soviet Union and the Eastern Bloc countries, as "Nomenklatura" is used in English).

In cases where the word is a direct borrowing having diacritical marks not present in the above alphabet, official spelling tends to favor their use ("München", "Angoulême" etc., as opposed to the use of "Istanbul" over "İstanbul").

S-comma

S-comma (majuscule: Ș, minuscule: ș) is a letter which is part of the Romanian alphabet, used to represent the sound , the voiceless postalveolar fricative (like "sh" in "shoe").

The letter was proposed in the "Buda Lexicon", a book published in 1825, which included two texts by Petru Maior, "Orthographia romana sive latino-valachica una cum clavi" and "Dialogu pentru inceputul linbei române", introducing ș for and ț for .

S-comma was not initially supported in early Unicode versions, nor in the predecessors like ISO/IEC 8859-2 and Windows-1250. Instead, Ş (S-cedilla), a character available since Unicode 1.1.0 (1993), was used for digital texts written in Romanian. In some contexts, like with low-resolution screens and printouts, the visual distinction between "ș" and "ş" is minimal. In 1999, at the request of the , S-comma was introduced in Unicode 3.0. Nevertheless, encoding for the S-comma was not supported in retail versions of Microsoft Windows XP, but a later European Union Expansion Font Update provided the feature. While digital accessibility to S-comma has since improved, both characters continue to be used interchangeably in various contexts like publishing.

The letter is part of Unicode's Latin Extended-B range, under "Additions for Romanian", titled as "Latin capital letter S with comma below" (U+0218) and "Latin small letter s with comma below" (U+0219). In HTML, these can be encoded by codice_1 and codice_2, respectively.


The Face in the Sky

The Face in the Sky is a 1933 American romantic comedy movie directed by Harry Lachman and starring Spencer Tracy, Marian Nixon, Stuart Erwin, Sam Hardy, Sarah Padden, Guy Usher. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The film is about two sign painters (Spencer Tracy and Stuart Erwin) who find themselves blackmailed by a beautiful woman (Marian Nixon) determined to force Tracy's character into marriage. The film was directed by Harry Lachman and released by Fox Film.

Russian Empire national football team

The Russian Empire national football team was the national football team representing the Russian Empire. It existed from 1910 to 1914.




Jang Song-thaek

Jang Song-thaek was a North Korean politician and general. Jang was the uncle of the Supreme Leader of North Korea Kim Jong-un through his marriage to Kim Jong-il's sister.

During the final years of Supreme Leader Kim Jong-il's life, Jang Song-thaek was believed to be the "de facto" ruler of North Korea until Kim-Jong un became Supreme Leader in 2011.

Jong and his wife had a daughter who was born in 1977. She went to study in Paris but refused to return to North Korea and killed herself in 2006.

In December 2013, the North Korean government accused Jang Song-thaek of not being loyal to the Supreme Leader, Kim Jong-un (Jong Sang-Thaek's nephew). Jong Sang-thaek was then executed by shooting on the orders of Kim Jong-un.

The Power and the Glory (movie)

The Power and the Glory is a 1933 American drama movie directed by William K. Howard and starring Spencer Tracy, Colleen Moore, Ralph Morgan, Helen Vinson, Phillip Trent, J. Farrell MacDonald. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Man's Castle

Man's Castle is a 1933 American romantic drama movie directed by Frank Borzage and was based on the play of the same name by Lawrence Hazard. It stars Spencer Tracy, Loretta Young, Marjorie Rambeau, Glenda Farrell, Walter Connolly and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


CIS national football team

The CIS national football team was a transitional national team. It was created by the Football Federation of the Soviet Union in 1992. It would represent the Commonwealth of Independent States. 

1. Kazakhstan was an AFC member from 1994 until 2002, when they joined UEFA.


Squid Noir

"Squid Noir" is the first part of the 9th episode of the 11th season of "SpongeBob SquarePants". It was first shown on television on November 10, 2017. The episode is about Squidward's clarinet going missing before playing at an open mic. The episode is shown in black and white. Before the episode was shown on television, fans were able to color the end of the episode. The first time the episode was on television, pictures that fans colored were shown at the end of the episode.

Squidward tries to play his clarinet at the Krusty Krab to prepare for playing at an open mic. The customers do not like the music and get him kicked out. Squidward tries to play in many other places, but no one wants to hear him play. He tries to play in his house, but his neighbor Patrick does not want to hear him play. 

Before the night of the open mic, Squidward takes a nap. When he wakes up, he can not find his clarinet and thinks it was stolen. He goes to SpongeBob thinking that he took it. SpongeBob shows that he was at his grandmother's house when it happened. Squidward and SpongeBob go to the Krusty Krab and do a search on Mr. Krabs. Krabs says that he was counting his money when it happened and could not have taken the clarinet. Squidward and SpongeBob go to a comic book store to search Bubble Bass. SpongeBob and Bubble Bass fight using action figures. Bubble Bass's action figure breaks at the end of the fight. 

Squidward goes back to his house. Patrick finds jelly on where the clarinet last was. Squidward, SpongeBob, and Patrick go to a field and find a jellyfish with Squidward's clarinet. Squidward gets the clarinet back and plays on the open mic that night.

The episode was watched by 1.855 million people when it was first shown on television. John Schwartz of Bubble Blabber liked the black and white look but thought that the episode was "too cliched" (not original). Blake Harper of Fatherly said that the episode is "a hilarious tribute" to the noir genre.


Post office box

A post office box or PO box is a rentable, lockable box that is located at a post office, registered under a unique address that is used to receive mail.

Only post office workers and the person or organization renting the box from the post office can get into the PO box.

Shanghai Madness

Shanghai Madness is a 1933 American adventure drama movie directed by John G. Blystone and starring Spencer Tracy, Fay Wray, Ralph Morgan, Eugene Pallette, Arthur Hoyt, Albert Conti. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Mad Game

The Mad Game is a 1933 American crime drama movie directed by Irving Cummings and starring Spencer Tracy, Claire Trevor, Ralph Morgan, J. Carrol Naish, Matt McHugh, Kathleen Burke, Willard Robertson. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Laws of thermodynamics

There are four laws of thermodynamics. They talk about temperature, heat, work, and entropy. They are used in thermodynamics and other sciences, for example chemistry.

Thermodynamics has three main laws: the first law, the second law, and the third law. Then there was another law, called the "zeroth law." The law of conservation of mass is also an important idea in thermodynamics, but it is not called law.

Laws of Thermodynamics is an integral part of Chemistry, which not only explain the surrounding but also the infinite Universe which governs by the laws of chemistry and others.

The "zeroth law of thermodynamics" says temperature is an empirical parameter in thermodynamic systems. It states the transitive relationship between the temperatures of multiple bodies in thermal equilibrium. The law says: If two systems are both in thermal equilibrium with a third system, then they are in thermal equilibrium with each other.

The "first law of thermodynamics" is a version of the law of conservation of energy, adapted for thermodynamic systems. The law of conservation of energy states that the total energy of an isolated system is constant; energy can be transformed from one form to another, but can be neither created nor destroyed. It can also be stated in the following form:The energy gained (or lost) by a system is equal to the energy lost (or gained) by its surroundings.

The "second law of thermodynamics" says that some things can't be undone after they are done. This indicates that entropy is real. It states that, in an isolated system, entropy can increase but cannot decrease. It can be stated as follows:Natural processes tend to go only one way, toward less usable energy and more disorder. 

The third law of thermodynamics "can be stated as:"A system's entropy approaches a constant value as its temperature approaches absolute zero.

Wake Up and Dream

Wake Up and Dream is a 1946 American fantasy drama movie directed by Lloyd Bacon and was based on the novel "The Enchanted Voyage" by Robert Nathan. It stars John Payne, June Haver, Charlotte Greenwood, John Ireland, Clem Bevans, Lee Patrick, Irving Bacon and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Wake Island (1942 movie)

Wake Island is a 1942 American World War II action drama movie directed by John Farrow and starring Brian Donlevy, Macdonald Carey, Robert Preston, William Bendix, Albert Dekker, Walter Abel, Frank Albertson and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1943.


Love Me or Leave Me

Love Me or Leave Me is a 1955 American biographical musical drama movie directed by Charles Vidor and starring Doris Day, James Cagney, Cameron Mitchell, Robert Keith, Tom Tully, Harry Bellaver, Richard Gaines. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 6 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1956.


The Arizonian

The Arizonian is a 1935 American western movie directed by Charles Vidor and starring Richard Dix, Margot Grahame, Preston Foster, Francis Ford, Louis Calhern, Hattie McDaniels. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Modular exponentiation

Modular exponentiation is about finding the value of the equation c = b mod m. This is the remainder when dividing b by m. It is the inverse function of the discrete logarithm. Because modular exponentiation is easy and fast, and finding the discrete logarithm is difficult, both are used in fields such as public-key cryptography.

When dealing with very large whole numbers, directly finding the result can be very resource intensive. We can make some optimisations to save computation power with principles like exponention by squaring.

Let's solve c = b mod m:


Young Tom Edison

Young Tom Edison is a 1940 American biographical drama movie directed by Norman Taurog and starring Mickey Rooney, Fay Bainter, George Bancroft, Virginia Weidler, Eugene Pallette, Victor Kilian, Bobby Jordan, Spencer Tracy. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was followed up by 1940 "Edison, the Man".


Northwest Passage (1940 movie)

Northwest Passage is a 1940 American western adventure movie directed by King Vidor and was based on the 1937 novel of the same name by Kenneth Roberts. It stars Spencer Tracy, Robert Young, Walter Brennan, Ruth Hussey, Nat Pendleton, Louis Hector, Isabel Jewell, Addison Richards and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1941.


Pierre Mercier (politician)

Pierre Mercier (2 March 1937 – 13 November 2020) was a Canadian politician. He was a member of the Quebec Liberal Party. Mercier was born in Montmagny, Quebec. He was a member of the National Assembly of Quebec for Bellechasse from 1973 to 1976.

Mercier died on 13 November 2020 in Quebec City at the age of 83.

Eitaro Okano

Okano died in Tokyo on 17 November 2020 from problems caused by a subarachnoid hemorrhage at the age of 90.

Fujio Akatsuka

In April 2002 he was hospitalized for a subdural hematoma and was in a coma from 2004 until his death. On August 2, 2008, he died of pneumonia at a hospital in Bunkyō, Tokyo.

Yoshimitsu Banno

He was an executive producer on the Legendary Pictures's American "Godzilla" movies, "Godzilla" (2014) and "" (2019). He was born in Imabari, Japan.

Banno died of problems caused by a subarachnoid hemorrhage in Kawasaki, Japan on May 7, 2017 at the age of 86.

Uriah Adolphus Ashley Maclean

Uriah Adolphus Ashley Maclean (1 February 1944 – 25 November 2020) was a Panamanian Roman Catholic bishop. Ashley Maclean was born in Panama City. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1979. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Penonomé, Panama, from 1993 to 2015. He then was titular bishop of "Agbia" and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Panama, Panama, from 2015 to 2019.

Ashley Maclean died in Panama City on 25 November 2020 at the age of 76. 

Dimitar Largov

Dimitar Simeonov Largov (; 10 September 1936 – 26 November 2020) was a Bulgarian football midfielder. He played for Bulgaria in the 1966 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Septemvri Sofia and Slavia Sofia. 

He also competed in the men's tournament at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Largov died on 26 November 2020 at the age of 84.

Austrian Parliament

The Austrian Parliament () is the bicameral federal legislature of the Austrian Republic. It is made up of two chambers: the National Council and the Federal Council. 

In specific cases, both houses meet as the Federal Assembly. The legislature meets in the Austrian Parliament Building in Vienna.


Federal Assembly (Austria)

The Federal Assembly () is the name given to a formal joint session of the two houses of the bicameral Austrian Parliament, the National Council and the Federal Council. It is chaired by the presidents of the two parliamentary chambers.

Since 1945, the assembly has only met to swear the elected President of Austria into office. 


National Council (Austria)

The National Council () is one of the two houses of the Austrian Parliament. It is known as the lower house. The constitution gives the National Council with more power than the Federal Council. The 183 members of the National Council are elected by nationwide popular vote for a term of five years.

Federal Council (Austria)

The Federal Council (, ) is the upper house of the Austrian Parliament, representing the nine States of Austria on federal level. 

It is part of a bicameral legislature alongside of the National Council. It can be compared with an upper house or a senate. It is less powerful than the National Council.

The "Bundesrat" has its seat at the Austrian Parliament Building in Vienna. The Parliament Building is where the Federal Council meets in the Hofburg.

The BFG (1989 movie)

The BFG is a 1989 British animated movie produced by Cosgrove Hall Films. Based on the 1982 book of the same name by Roald Dahl. It was directed by Brian Cosgrove and written by John Hambley. The movie was first shown on 25 December 1989 on ITV in the UK.

The movie was dedicated to animator George Jackson, who had worked on numerous Cosgrove Hall productions prior to his death in 1986. This movie is also the last and posthumous role of Ballard Berkeley (voice of the Head of the Army), who died in 1988.

Daria Nicolodi

Daria Nicolodi (19 June 1950 – 26 November 2020) was an Italian actress, producer and screenwriter. She was born in Florence, Italy. Her career began in 1970. 

Her best known roles were in "Deep Red" (1975), "Inferno" (1980), "Tenebrae" (1982), "Phenomena" (1985), and "Opera" (1987).

From 1974 until 1985, she was in a relationship with Dario Argento. They had two children; including actress Asia Argento.

Nicolodi died on 26 November 2020 in Rome at the age of 70.

Teresita Sy-Coson

Teresita Tan Sy-Coson (born October 1950) is a Filipina businesswoman. She is the vice chairman of SM Investments Corporation (SMIC). The company is one of the Philippines' largest public holding companies. The company was started by her late father Henry Sy. Coson is also the chairman of BDO Unibank. She was recognized as "Fortune's" 50 Power Business Women.

Hafez Abu Seada

Hafez Abu Seada (; 1965 – 26 November 2020) was an Egyptian politician and human rights activist. He was Chairman of the Egyptian Organization for Human rights. He was known for his campaigns against torture and police brutality in Egypt. Abu Seada was also member of the National Council for Human Rights. He was born in Cairo, Egypt.

Abu Seada died in Cairo on November 26, 2020 from COVID-19 at the age of 55.

Parviz Poorhosseini

Parviz Poorhosseini (Persian: پرویز پورحسینی, September 11, 1941 – November 27, 2020) was an Iranian actor. He was best known for his roles in "Bashu, the Little Stranger" (1989), "The Fifth Season" (1997) and "Saint Mary" (1997). Poorhosseini had appeared in more than 35 movies, over 70 TV shows and 60 theater performances. 

Poorhosseini died in Tehran on November 27, 2020 from COVID-19 at the age of 79.

Aly Zaker

Aly Zaker (6 November 1944 – 27 November 2020) was a Bangladeshi actor, businessman, director and writer. He was the owner of Asiatic Marketing Communications Limited. He was born in Chittagong Division, Bengal Presidency, British India.

Zaker was a freedom fighter during the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War.

He was known for starring in the movies "Agami" (1984) and "Nodir Naam Modhumoti" (1996). He also starred in the television series "Bohubrihi" and "Aaj Robibar".

Zaker died at a Dhaka hospital on 27 November 2020 from COVID-19, three weeks after his 76th birthday.

Noëlla Rouget

Noëlla Rouget (25 December 1919 – 22 November 2020) was a French resistant and teacher. She spoke of her experiences in the 1980s in Switzerland, Haute-Savoie, and Ain. She was born in Saumur, France.

Rouget died in Geneva on 22 November 2020 at the age of 100.


Arthur Hervet

Arthur Hervet (11 November 1938 – 23 November 2020) was a French Roman Catholic priest. He was a member of the Assumptionists. He was known for his fight for Romani people. He was born in Bannalec, France.

In the mid-1980s, Hervet became chaplain of a Church boat in Conflans-Sainte-Honorine called the "Je Sers". He founded the association La Pierre Blanche which helped the homeless and former prisoners.

Hervet died in Lille on 23 November 2020 at the age of 82.

Kamen Tchanev

Kamen Tchanev () (27 August 1964 – 26 November 2020) was a Bulgarian operatic tenor. He was born in Sliven, Bulgaria. He won the Jussi Björling International Competition for Tenors in 1994. 

Tchanev made recordings for the Bulgarian National Radio, RAI-2, Italy and in 1999 he recorded with Plovdiv Philharmonic Orchestra, Nayden Todorov conducting a CD production for the American label MMO. His career began in 1993.

Tchanev died on 26 November 2020 in Stara Zagora, Bulgaria from COVID-19, aged 56.

Celestino Vercelli

Celestino Vercelli (10 August 1946 – 26 November 2020) was an Italian professional racing cyclist. He rode in the 1971 and 1976 Tour de France.

Vercelli died on 26 November 2020 at the age of 74.

Cheng Pei-pei

Cheng Pei-pei (born 6 January 1946) is a Chinese actress. She was born in Shanghai, China. Cheng is best known for her role in the 1966 King Hu "wuxia" movie "Come Drink with Me". She is more known for her role as Jade Fox in the award-winning 2000 "wuxia" movie "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon".

Tzi Ma

Tzi Ma (; born June 10, 1962) is a Hong Kong-American actor.

He is well known for his roles in television shows, such as "The Man in the High Castle" and "24".

He also starred in the movies "Dante's Peak", "Rush Hour", "Rush Hour 3", "Arrival", "The Farewell", and "Tigertail".

His family moved to New York City in 1967 due to political problems in Hong Kong.

Common Chinese tree frog

The common Chinese tree frog or Chinese tree toad ("Hyla chinensis") is a tree frog from China. People have seen it in the middle of China and in parts of Taiwan and Vietnam. It lives between 200 and 1000 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is 25 to 33 cm long from nose to rear end. The female frogs are larger than the male frogs. This frog has a wide head. This frog is dark green on the back with a yellow belly and a brown mouth. It has a black stripe near each eye and black spots on its sides. Adult frogs sit in trees, smaller plants, and rice fields, sometimes in groups.

Scientists say this frog is related to "Hyla arborea".

Order of Nine Angles

The Order of Nine Angles (also called ONA or O9A) is a Satanic group based in the United Kingdom. The group say that the organization was created in the 1960s. The organisation became popular in the 1980s, because of its Neo-Nazi beliefs.

The ONA believe that human history can be broken up into nine aeons - groups of time each representing a human civilization. They want to create a government based on Satanism, Fascism and Social Darwinism, which is the idea that both people and countries succeed because they are naturally better than other people or countries. (Social Darwinism has been proven to be wrong.) Some parts of the ONA say people should rape women and children. According to the BBC, pedophiles have joined the ONA.

The government of the United Kingdom says one part of the ONA, the Sonnenkrieg Division, is a terrorist organization. The Sonnenkrieg Division is now illegal in the United Kingdom.

Heart Evangelista

Love Marie Payawal Ongpauco-Escudero (born February 14, 1985) known as Heart Evangelista is a Filipina actress and TV host. She is married to Chiz Escudero and also referred to as the first lady of Sorsogon.

Dutch Americans

Dutch Americans (Dutch: "Nederlandse Amerikanen"), not to be confused with the Pennsylvania Dutch, are Americans of Dutch descent whose ancestors came from the Netherlands. Dutch settlement in the Americas started in 1613 with New Amsterdam, which was exchanged with the English for Suriname at the Treaty of Breda (1667) and renamed to New York City. The English split the Dutch colony of New Netherland into two pieces, and named them New York and New Jersey. More immigration occurred in the 19th and 20th centuries.

Australian Shepherd

The Australian Shepherd, sometimes referred to as the Aussie Shepherd, is a medium-sized breed of dog developed in the United States, despite its name.

It is very similar in its appearance to the English Shepherd and Border Collie, and indeed, studies have shown they are very similar in relation. Like many herding dogs, they show considerable drive and energy, being best at jobs such as search and rescue dogs, disaster dogs, therapy dogs, guide dogs, etc. For these reasons, they have become the 17th most popular dog breed in the United States.

The Australian Shepherd is usually a medium-sized breed. They can weigh from and stand from in height. The Australian Shepherd Club of America (ASCA) standard says the Australian shepherd must stand between at the shoulders, females being and males measuring ; however, quality is not to be sacrificed in favor of size.

The known Aussie colors are solid black, solid red (liver), blue merle, and red/liver merle; and these colors may also have copper (tan) points or white markings in various combinations on the face, chest, and legs. A black or red dog with copper and white trim is called 'tricolor' or 'tri', while a black or red dog with white trim but no copper is called 'bicolor' or 'bi'. White, rather than skin color, on or around the ears is an indicator of increased risk for deafness. Too much white on the face and ears can place an individual dog at greater risk for sunburn and subsequent skin cancer.

The wide variety of colors comes from the color allele, which is either black (B) dominant or red (b), and the dominant merle allele (M). Together, these provide four coat-color aspects that can appear in any combination:

The merle allele, which produces a mingled or patchwork combination of dark and light areas, is the coat pattern most commonly associated with the breed. This merle (M) is dominant, so heterozygous dogs (Mm) show the pigmentation pattern; however, when two merles are bred, the statistical risk is that 25% of the offspring will end up with the two copies of the merle gene (homozygous). These dogs usually have a mostly white coat and blue irises and are often deaf, blind, or both. In this case, deafness and blindness are linked to having two copies of the Merle gene, which disrupts pigmentation and produces these health defects. The tri-colored (red, black, and white) Merles will have a 1/4 chance of being blind because of the genes when breeding two Merle colored dogs for the recessive fur color.

All black and blue merle dogs have black noses, eye rims, and lips. All red and red merle dogs have liver or brown noses, eye rims, and lips.

Also, variety is seen in the Aussie's eye color, and they are often heterochromatic. An early nickname for the breed was "ghost-eye dog". Aussie eyes may be any shade of brown or blue; they may have two different colored eyes, or even have bicolored or "split eyes" (for example, a half-brown, half-blue eye), which appear to be similar to the merle coloration. Merled eyes exist where one color is mixed in and swirled with another. Any combination of eye colors is fine in the breed standard, so long as the eyes are healthy. In general, however, black Aussies (self, bi-color, or tri-color) tend to have brown eyes. In contrast, red (self, bi-color, or tri-color) Aussies usually have amber eyes, though these Aussies may also carry the blue-eyed gene.

The merle type in Australian Shepherds is similar to Mitf mouse mutants' coat color.

Although some Aussies are born with naturally bobbed or partially bobbed (stubby) tails, the majority are born with full, long tails. Breeders have historically docked the tails when the puppies are born. In the United States and Canada, the standard calls for a natural bob or docked tail not to exceed four inches as a defining characteristic. Any natural tail length is permitted when showing in Europe, where cutting off a part of their tail has been banned in most countries, including the United Kingdom.

 Australian Shepherd (Aussie): Dog Breed Characteristics & Care

English Shepherd

The English shepherd or farm collie, is a breed of dog from the United States. Even though it is called English, it is not from England. British settlers brought its ancestors to the New World when the British colonized North America.

The UKC Breed Standard for this dog breed, requires:

• The head is to be of medium length, and slightly rounded between the ears. The head and neck are carried slightly raised. 

• The skull is wide and flat above the eyes, broad between the ears.

• Teeth are "strong and regular".

• Ears to be wide at the base.

• Eyes are dark or medium brown, slightly round. Expresses character "strong and intelligently".

• Neck to be well-muscled, and arched.

• Shoulders well laid back, shoulder blade and upper arm of equal length.

• Legs are straight and muscular, not too short.

• Body length is about the same as the height of the withers, (ridge of shoulder blades). Chest is deep, extending down to the elbows. Topline level, ribs well sprung.

• Wide and muscular hindquarters, very compact.

• Feet are compact and round, arched toes.

• Tail moderately long, with the tip reaching to the hock joint. Slight curve, but when dog is at rest should not be held straight up.

• Coat glossy, thick and soft. It may be straight, wavy or curly, except for the face and skull. Fully covers body, good furnishing on hind legs. Tail rather plum, undercoat soft and fine.

Wang Jianlin

Wang Jianlin (Chinese: 王健林; born 24 October 1954) is a Chinese billionaire businessman, investor, and philanthropist. He is the founder of Dalian Wanda Group. It is China's largest real estate development company.

Roshni Nadar

Roshni Nadar Malhotra (born 1980/1981) is an India businesswoman. She is wealthiest woman in India and the chairperson of HCL Technologies. She is the first woman to a publicly-listed IT company in India. In 2019, Nadar ranked 54th on the Forbes World's 100 Most Powerful Women list.


Norwegian Americans

Norwegian Americans (Bokmål: Norskamerikanere, Nynorsk: Norskamerikanarar) are Americans with ancestral roots in Norway. Norwegian immigrants went to the United States mostly in the latter half of the 19th century and the first few decades of the 20th century.

Léon, Landes

Léon is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France. 


Hatzegopteryx

Hatzegopteryx ("Hațeg basin wing") is a genus of azhdarchid pterosaur. It was found in Transylvania, Romania. It is known only from the type species, Hatzegopteryx thambema, named in 2002 based on parts of the skull and humerus. Additional fossils, including a neck vertebra, were included later. The largest of these remains shows that the Hatzegopteryx was one of the biggest pterosaurs, with an estimated wingspan of .

It is unusual because it had a very wide skull with large muscular attachments. The bones had a soft internal texture instead of being hollow. it had a short, robust, and heavily muscled neck long. This short neck was about half the length of other azhdarchids. The neck could withstand strong bending forces. "Hatzegopteryx" lived on Hațeg Island, an island in the Cretaceous subtropics within the prehistoric Tethys Sea. It was probably the apex predator of Hațeg Island, tackling larger prey (including dwarf titanosaurs and iguanodontians) than other azhdarchids.

French Football Federation

The French Football Federation (FFF) () is the governing body of football in France. It also is the governing body of football in Monaco. It was formed in 1919. It is based in Paris, which is the capital of France. The FFF was a founding member of FIFA.


Day With(out) Art

Day Without Art also written as Day With(out) Art (short: DWA) is an annual event where art museums and other organizations organize programs related to AIDS, people who have died, and to inspire positive action.

Day Without Art began started in 1989. It was response to the AIDS crisis as many artists also died of AIDS. The day coincides with World AIDS Day, which began the year before.

800 U.S. art and AIDS groups participated in the first Day Without Art. Museums were sending staff to volunteer at AIDS services, or sponsoring special exhibitions of work about AIDS. Day With(out) Art grew in collaborations to estimated 8,000 national and international museums, galleries, art centers, AIDS service organizations, libraries, high schools and colleges take part.

New York group called "Visual AIDS" (now NGO), initiated public actions and programs, published an annual poster and copyright-free broadsides, and acted as press coordinator and clearing house for projects for Day Without Art/World AIDS Day. Day With(out) Art highlights art projects by artists living with HIV/AIDS, and art about AIDS, that were taking place around the world.

In 2014, the Los Angeles art collective, My Barbarian, staged a video performance in remembrance of Pedro Zamora, inspired by the queer theorist, José Esteban Muñoz's theory of counterpublicity.

In 2020, due to pandemic VisualAIDS organized online programming featuring commissioned diverse video works from different parts of the world and talks to authors. Programing was done in multiple languages and done both in in NYC and around the world at different times in different timezones with different partner organizations.


Zaza people

The Zazas (also known as Zazaki or Dimili) are an Iranian people in eastern Turkey who traditionally speak the Zaza language, a western Iranian language written in the Latin script. Their homeland is made of Tunceli and Bingöl provinces and parts of Elazığ, Erzincan and Diyarbakır provinces. Zazas might say that they are Kurds. They are often named Zaza Kurds by scholars.

The reason Zazas are comsidered Kurdish is speculated to be "control". In an area hard to control, Zazas were grouped with Kurdish people to assimilate and break them from their roots. 
In an effort to preserve their culture and declare they are a seperate nationality, Zazas founded ZAZA-DER. In the page about their sociological and historical roots, it is extensively explained with sources that Zazas are a seperate nationality with different language, culture and etimology. 

Predominantly Zazas adhere to Sunni Islam. According to a 2015 study that examined the voting-age adults of the Eastern and Southern Anatolia 75.4% of the people who stated that they were ethnically Zazas belonged to the Shafiʽi school of Islam, similar to Kurdish groups, but in contrast to local Turkish and Arab people who were majority Hanafi. Shafi‘i followers among the Zaza people are mostly Naqshbandi.

Alevism is the second largest Islamic sect among Zazas with 14.8% adhering to it. Zazas had the highest Alevi percentage among any group by far, being followed by Turks (5.4%) and Kurds (3.1%). It was also reported that around 70% of the Alevis spoke Zazaki as their mother language. Zaza Alevis mainly live around Tunceli Province. Hanafism, which is the biggest Islamic school in both Turkey and among the Turkish and Arabic people in the region, is followed by 9.8% of Zazas.

Historically, a small Shia Zaza population existed in Gerger.



Two Years Before the Mast

Two Years Before the Mast is a 1946 American adventure movie directed by John Farrow and was based on the 1840 memoir of the same name by Richard Henry Dana Jr.. It stars Alan Ladd, Brian Donlevy, William Bendix, Barry Fitzgerald, Albert Dekker, Howard Da Silva, Darryl Hickman, Roman Bohnen and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Sheila Nelson

Sheila Mary Nelson (5 March 1936 – 16 November 2020) was an English musician, music educator, writer and composer. She had played with the English Chamber Orchestra, the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and the Menuhin Festival Orchestra.

She was best known as a violin and viola teacher. 

Nelson was co-author of the "Essential String Method" series and author/composer of many other music instruction books, published by Boosey & Hawkes. 

She was an Honorary Member of the Royal Academy of Music (Hon RAM).

Nelson died on 16 November 2020 from Alzheimer's disease.

Claire Boudreau

Claire Boudreau, (1965 – 18 November 2020) was a Canadian historian, genealogist, and officer of arms. She was a herald in the Canadian Heraldic Authority from 17 March 1997 until 20 May 2020.

On May 20, 2020, Boudreau was appointed Margaree-Chéticamp herald emeritus and succeeded as Chief Herald of Canada by Samy Khalid.

On 18 November 2020, she died from cancer at the age of 55.

Rose Marie Battaglia

Rose Marie Battaglia (1929 – 24 November 2020) was an American basketball coach. She coached at both high school and college levels, before retiring in 1989. She was added into the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame in 2018. 

Battaglia began her coaching career at Paramus Catholic High School in New Jersey. She also coached at Bergen Community College and at Iona College. She also coached at St Michael's in Union City and Benedictine Academy in Elizabeth.

Battaglia died on 24 November 2020 in Bergen County, New Jersey from lung cancer at the age of 91.

Camilla Wicks

Camilla Dolores Wicks (August 9, 1928 – November 25, 2020) was an American violinist. She was one of the first female violinists to create a major international career. Her performing career included solo appearances with leading European and American symphony orchestras including the New York Philharmonic, Philadelphia Orchestra and Chicago Symphony Orchestra.

Wicks died on November 25, 2020 at the age of 92.

George H. Carley

George Holmes Carley (September 24, 1938 – November 26, 2020) was an American lawyer and judge. He was born in Jackson, Mississippi. Carley was on the Supreme Court of Georgia from March 1993 until July 2012. He also was acting as Chief Justice for the last two months of his term.

On November 26, 2020, Carley died of COVID-19 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 82.

Alfonso Milián Sorribas

Alfonso Milián Sorribas (15 January 1939 – 26 November 2020) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in La Cuba, Spain. He became a priest in 1962.

He was titular bishop of "Diana" and as Auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Zaragoza, Spain, from 2000 to 2004 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Barbastro-Monzón, Spain, from 2004 to 2014.

Milián Sorribas died on 26 November 2020 in Zaragoza, Spain at the age of 81.

Kevin Burnham

Kevin Lobdell Burnham (December 21, 1956 – November 27, 2020) was an American two-time Olympic medalist and was a sailor. He won the silver medal at the 1992. He won a gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics. Burnham was born in New York City.

Burnham died on November 27, 2020 from problems caused by lung disease, aged 63.

Špiro Guberina

Špiro Guberina (1 March 1933 – 27 November 2020) was a Croatian actor. He was born in Šibenik, Kingdom of Yugoslavia. His career began in 1957. He was known for his roles as Marko in "The Secret of an Old Attic" (1984), Stari in "Agonija" (1998) and as the Priest in "The Last Will" (2001).

Guberina died on 27 November 2020 in Zagreb, aged 87.

Tony Hsieh

Tony Hsieh ( ; ; December 12, 1973 – November 27, 2020) was an American businessman and venture capitalist. He retired as the CEO of the online shoe and clothing company Zappos in August 2020. He became CEO in 1999. 

Hsieh co-founded the Internet advertising network LinkExchange, which he sold to Microsoft in 1998 for $265 million. He was born in Illinois, but raised in San Francisco, California and Las Vegas, Nevada.

On November 18, 2020, Hsieh was injured in a house fire in New London, Connecticut while visiting family for Thanksgiving. He was trapped in the basement during the fire. He died a week later on November 27 at a Bridgeport hospital from his injuries, aged 46.

Mohsen Fakhrizadeh

Mohsen Fakhrizadeh Mahabadi (; 195827 November 2020) was an Iranian nuclear physicist. He was a professor of physics at Imam Hussein University in Tehran.

He also was a brigadier general in the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, senior scientist in the Ministry of Defence and Armed Forces Logistics and the former head of the Physics Research Center (PHRC) at Lavizan-Shian.

Fakhrizadeh was believed by many countries as being in charge of Iran's nuclear programme, Project 111, which tried to help the country create a nuclear bomb.

On 27 November 2020, Fakhrizadeh was assassinated while traveling in a car near Tehran. The attack began when a truck carrying explosives hidden under a load of wood exploded near Fakhrizadeh's car. A second car was destroyed with a bomb.


Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps

The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) ( or Sepâh for short) is a military branch of the Iranian government Armed Forces. It was founded after the Iranian Revolution on 22 April 1979 by order of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini.

Whistleblower

A whistleblower (also written as whistle-blower or whistle blower) is a person, usually an employee, who gives information about a private, public, or government organization, that is seen as illegal, unsafe, or a waste, fraud, or abuse of taxpayer funds. 

Over 83% of whistleblowers report to a supervisor, human resources, or a neutral third party within the company. A whistleblower can also contact someone outside of the organization, like the media, government, or police.

Navy Petty-Officers School

The Higher School of Mechanics of the Navy (in Spanish, Escuela Superior de Mecánica de la Armada, commonly known by its acronym ESMA), was originally an educational facility of the Argentine Navy. It was used as an illegal, secret detention center during the Dirty War of military dictatorship.

Australian Cattle Dog

The Australian Cattle Dog, or simply referred to as Cattle Dog, is a herding dog, and, as the name suggests, originates from Australia.

The Australian Cattle Dog is an extremely intelligent, active and sturdy dog breed. Developed by Australian settlers for handling herds of cattle, (also suggested by the name), they are still used today as a herding dog. They thrive on having a job to do, and being part of family activities.

Clive Griffiths (politician)

Clive Edward Griffiths (20 November 1928 – 8 November 2020) was an Australian politician. He was born in South Perth, Western Australia. He was a member of the Liberal Party.

He was a member of the South Perth City Council from 1962 to 1966, and in 1965 was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council representing South-East Metropolitan Province. 

He was elected President of the Council in 1977. He retired in 1997. He was given the AO. Griffiths was also awarded the Centenary Medal in 2003.

Griffiths died on 8 November 2020, just less than two weeks before his 92nd birthday.

National Library of Poland

The National Library (Polish: "Biblioteka Narodowa") is the central Polish library. It is managed by the Ministry of Culture and National Heritage of the Republic of Poland. 

The library collects books, journals, electronic and audiovisual publications published in the territory of Poland. It also collects materials related with polish culture published abroad. It is the most important humanities research library. It is also the main archive of Polish writing and the state centre of bibliographic information about books. The role of gathered collections is great in case of any scientific activity. It is an important methodological center for other Polish libraries. A Copy of every book published in Poland is placed in this library.

There are three general sections:


The national library of Poland was created in 18th century. Initially, it was called the Załuski Library. First resources of library were the collections of John III Sobieski. Later, this collection was confiscated by Russian troops and placed in Imperial Public Library. 

When Poland regained her independence in 1918, there was no central institution to serve in the capacity of a national library. Recreation of National Library of Poland was made on 24 February 1928, by the decree of president Ignacy Mościcki. It was opened in 1930 and initially had 200 thousand volumes. Its first Director General was Stefan Demby. In 1934, the Director has been changed. Stefan Vrtel-Wierczyński became the new Director.

Today the collections of the National Library are one of the largest in the country. There are 7,900,000 volumes (2004) held in the library in total. Among them, there are 160,000 objects printed before 1801, over 26,000 manuscripts (including 6,887 music manuscripts), over 114,000 music prints and 400,000 drawings. The library collections also include photographs and other iconographic documents, more than 101,000 atlases and maps, over 2,000,000 ephemera, as well as over 2,000,000 books and about 800,000 copies of journals from the 19th to 21st centuries. Notable items in the collection include 151 leaves of the "Codex Suprasliensis", which was included in UNESCO's Memory of the World Programme Register in 2007 because of its popularity, meaning and prestige in Poland and other countries.

In 2012 the library signed an agreement to add 1.3 million Polish library records to WorldCat.

El Trece

Channel 13 (known by its current brand name El Trece, stylized as eltrece) is an Argentine free-to-air television network. It is also the main station of the network of the same name. It is located in the capital of Argentina, Buenos Aires. It is owned by Grupo Clarín.

Since 1994, the chain has carried out, together with UNICEF, the program un sol para los chicos (A sun for chidrens), dedicated exclusively to the donation of money for this institution, by companies and viewers. The latter are encouraged through telephone games with famous people and raffles. The program has several hosts throughout the transmission and most of the network's figures also participate; it is issued every year, on Children's Day, generally lasting 9 hours. During the program, concerts are held for the same purpose of raising funds.

The canal has its major studios and central control in the Constitución neighborhood, in front of the interchange junction of Autopista 25 de Mayo and Avenida 9 de Julio, in the City of Buenos Aires. They are accessed through Calle Lima 1261 and Calle Cochabamba 1153. Not all programs are carried out in these facilities, since some - mainly fictions - are carried out in the studios of the associated production companies.

Tevita Momoedonu

Ratu Tevita Momoedonu (January 13, 1946 – November 26, 2020) is a Fijian politician. He was the fifth Prime Minister of Fiji twice. His first term of office lasted only on 27 May 2000 for only a few minutes. His second term lasted for two days from 14 to 16 March 2001. He was born in Lautoka, Fiji. He was a member of the Labour Party.

Momoedonu died in Lautoka on November 26, 2020 at the age of 74.

Cecilia Fusco

Cecilia Fusco (10 June 1933 – 26 November 2020) was an Italian operatic soprano and voice teacher. She appeared many times at La Scala in Milan. She was born in Rome. 

In a career to the end of the 1970s, she appeared at many Italian and foreign opera houses, including La Fenice in Venice, the Teatro Comunale di Bologna, the Teatro Lirico Giuseppe Verdi, the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples, the Teatro Massimo Vittorio Emanuele of Palermo, the Teatro Massimo Bellini of Catania, the Teatro Regio di Parma, the Teatro della Pergola of Florence, the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma, the Teatro Petruzzelli in Bari.

Fusco died on 26 November 2020 in Rome from COVID-19, aged 87.

Robert Lopez

Robert Lopez (born February 23, 1975), also known as Bobby Lopez, is an American songwriter. He is best known for co-creating "The Book of Mormon" and "Avenue Q".

He also co-wrote the songs heard in the Disney computer-animated movies "Frozen", its sequel, "Frozen II", and "Coco", with his wife Kristen Anderson-Lopez. 

He is one of the few people who have won an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar and a Tony Award and is the only person to win each award twice.

List of EGOT winners

EGOT, an acronym for the Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony Awards, is the honor given to people who have won all four awards. These awards honor good performances in television, recording, movie, and theatre.

EGOT is seen as one of the highest achievements any person in the Hollywood industry can get. 

, eighteen people are EGOTS.

Notes:
The artist also subsequently won one or more additional competitive awards.
The artist also received one or more honorary or non-competitive awards.
The artist also earned the Triple Crown of Acting, with singular (non-group/ensemble/company) acting wins in the Emmy, Oscar and Tony awards.
The artist has won a Daytime Emmy Award, not a Primetime Emmy Award.
The artist was awarded posthumously.
The artist has subsequently achieved multiple EGOTs.
Legend, Lloyd Webber, and Rice achieved their EGOTs simultaneously with their shared Emmy Award for producing "Jesus Christ Superstar Live in Concert"

A PEGOT winner is someone who has won all four EGOT awards as well as a Peabody Award or Pulitzer Prize.

EGOT winners who have also won a Peabody Award:

EGOT winners who have also won a Pulitzer Prize:

Note: 


Jonathan Tunick

Jonathan Tunick (born April 19, 1938) is an American orchestrator, musical director, and composer. He is one of sixteen people to have won all four major American show business awards: the Tony Awards, Academy Awards, Emmy Awards and Grammy Awards.

He is best known for his work with Stephen Sondheim, starting in 1970 with "Company". He was born in New York City.

Scott Rudin

Scott Rudin (born July 14, 1958) is an American movie, television and theater producer. 

His movies produced include the Academy Award-winning Best Picture "No Country for Old Men," as well as "Lady Bird, Fences, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The Social Network, School of Rock, Zoolander, The Truman Show, The First Wives Club, Clueless, The Addams Family," and eight Wes Anderson movies"." 

On Broadway, he has won seventeen Tony Awards for shows such as "The Book of Mormon, Hello, Dolly!", "The Humans, A View from the Bridge, Fences," and "Passion". 

In 2012, Rudin became one of the few people who have won an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony Award, and the first producer to do so.

Piriyadha Varam Vendum (TV series)

Piriyadha Varam Vendum () ( Want a boon to not separated) is a 2019-2020 Indian Tamil-language supernatural drama which aired on Zee Tamil. It starring Vimal Venkatesan in the lead with Madhumitha H and Priyanka Shivanna are the female leads. While Mamilla Shailaja Priya in a pivotal role.

This series started from 17 June 2019 and ended on 1 August 2020. The story is about A king is torn apart from his lover when his mother murders her to get him married to her niece. However, they are all reborn, which gives the king and his lady-love a second chance to unite.

A queen named Chitra is seen killing Amaravati, a peasant girl, so that her son, who was in love with her, cannot marry her. The queen did not approve the relationship, as the girl was poor and not of the same caste as the boy. The queen wants to get her son married to her niece Mithrasena. The niece helps the queen in eliminating Amaravati. So they killed Amaravati and the King. 

Now after a millon of years, they all are reborn, which they get a second chance to get unite. Will the king and Amaravati will get unite or not forms rest of the story.


This series was setup with 17,500 sq.feet of palace with 2 crore of budget.

The series was released on 17 June 2019 on Zee Tamil. The show was also broadcast internationally on the network's international channels.


Kristen Anderson-Lopez

Kristen Anderson-Lopez (born March 21, 1972) is an American songwriter and lyricist. She is known for co-writing the songs for the 2013 animated movie "Frozen" with her husband Robert Lopez. 

Anderson-Lopez won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "Let It Go" from "Frozen" and "Remember Me" from "Coco" (2017). She also won two Grammy Awards.

Irene Bedard

Irene Bedard (born July 22, 1967) is an American actress. She is perhaps best known for the role of Suzy Song in the 1998 movie "Smoke Signals" and for the voice of the main character in the 1995 animated Disney movie "Pocahontas".

She was chosen in 1995 as one of "People" magazine's '50 Most Beautiful People'.

Maria Piechotka

Maria Piechotka (12 July 1920 – 28 November 2020) was a Polish politician and architect. She was a member of the Sejm from 1961 to 1965, representing the Warsaw district of Wola. She was a liaison officer during the Warsaw Uprising. Piechotka was born in Kraków, Poland. 

Piechotka died on 28 November 2020 in Warsaw at the age of 100. 

Belarusian Association of Journalists

The Belarusian Association of Journalists (BAJ) ( Biełaruskaja Asacyjacyja Žurnalistaǔ) is a non-governmental organisation of journalists in Belarus. To have freedom of speech and rights of receiving and distributing information are its desire. It was made in 1995. BAJ is a friend of the International Federation of Journalists, the European Federation of Journalists, and Reporters Without Borders. It got the European Parliament's Sakharov Prize in 2004. It got in 2021.

On August 27, 2021, the Association was formally closed by the Supreme Court of Belarus. However, it continued to function outside Belarus.

On February 28, 2023, the KGB has designated the Association as an 'extremist formation'; as a result, participation in it can be punished with a prison sentence.


History of the Jews in Canada

The history of the Jews in Canada is the history of Canadian citizens who follow Judaism as their religion and/or are ethnically Jewish. Jewish Canadians are a part of the greater Jewish diaspora and form the fourth largest Jewish community in the world, exceeded only by those in Israel, the United States, and France. As of 2011, Statistics Canada listed 329,500 followers of the Jewish religion in Canada and 309,650 who claimed Jewish as an ethnicity. One does not necessarily include the other and studies which have attempted to combine the two numbers have arrived at figures above 375,000 Jews in Canada. This total would be approximately 1.1% of the Canadian population.

The Jewish community in Canada is composed mainly of Ashkenazi Jews and their descendants. Several other major Jewish ethnic divisions are also represented. These include Sephardi Jews, Mizrahi Jews, and Bene Israel from India, besides converts to Judaism. The Canadian community has all four of the main modern denominations of Judaism. Many religious and cultural customs are observed.

Though they are a small minority of the total Canadian population, Jews have been present in the country since the first Jewish immigrants arrived with Governor Edward Cornwallis to establish Halifax, Nova Scotia (1749).

Elu (Portuguese pronoun)

The "elu" system () is based on a set of linguistic proposals created with the purpose of preparing the Portuguese language with a neuter grammatical gender. The most prominent proposal is the personal neopronouns "elu", "delu", "nelu", and "daquelu", intended to be a proposal for how to refer to non-binary people (whose gender identity is not male or female) or whose gender is unknown, or irrelevant, as well as groups with different genders, without resorting to the "generic masculine". These proposals can be used by and for anyone, regardless of gender.

The pronoun "elu" tries to present the least number of problems in its use when trying to function smoothly in oral speech, listening, writing and visual identification, creating similarity between "ela" ("she"), "ele" ("he"), and "elu" (functionally similar to singular they).

Nouns in Portuguese all have grammatical gender, and this gender impacts some grammatical inflections. Grammatical gender is different from personal gender identity―rather, words referring to a generic individual with unknown gender identity still carries grammatical gender. For example, the word "pessoa" ("person") is grammatically feminine, but indicates no specific gender of the person referred to. The gender inflection appears explicitly when in the context of an inflectied adjective. With the feminine nouns such as "cidade" ("city"; plural "cidades"), the adjective meaning "beautiful" (currently written generically as "belo" in dictionaries) would become "cidade bela", "cidades belas" ("beautiful city/cities"). Likewise, this works with a masculine noun such as "carro" ("car"; plural "carros"): "carro belo", "carros belos" ("beautiful car/cars").

The Portuguese language as a rule determines that the plural of nouns, when covering individuals of the feminine and masculine gender, is made based on the generic masculine: a collective of "vinte alunas" ("twenty female students") and "dez alunos" ("ten male students"), is said as "trinta alunos" ("thirty students"). This form of plural formation is considered sexist by certain groups and individuals, resulting in proposals for a neutral gender to be adopted, such as "thirty children" ("trinta menines").

A similar known neopronoun in Portuguese is "ile", also called "sistema ile" ("ile system"), was popularized in 2020. The systems happen to be same when applying neolanguage beyond pronouns, they use ⟨-e⟩ suffixes.


You Know My Name (Look Up the Number)

You Know My Name is a comedy song originally performed by The Beatles, and eventually released as the B-Side of Let it Be.

Even Worse

Even Worse is the Fifth album by Weird Al, released in 1988, which helped to revitalize his career after the failure of "Polka Party".
The album was a success.

The artwork for "Even Worse" parodies the famous cover of Michael Jackson's album "Bad", which depicts Michael Jackson wearing the same outfit which would be in his music video for "Bad", while for "Even Worse", Weird Al is wearing a similar styled leather outfit to Michael's outfit. Weird Al would then wear that outfit again for the music video for "Fat".

The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild

The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is an adventure game created by Nintendo EPD and Monolith Soft. It was published by Nintendo for Nintendo Switch and Wii U. It was released on March 3, 2017. On April 25, 2019, Nintendo added a new feature that makes the game playable in virtual reality, using Nintendo Labo. 

According to legend, when Ganon returns, the chosen hero, Link, and the royal princess, Zelda, are destined to defeat him. Ten thousand years ago, a group of people called the Sheikah created technologies for defeating Ganon, called Guardians and Divine Beasts. Once Ganon had been destroyed, the king prohibited this technology, because he thought that Sheikah technology could be used in the future to attack the kingdom. Because of this, the Sheikah split into the Yiga, murderers who followed Ganon and the Sheikah who were still loyal, who went into hiding. 

About a hundred years from the present, Ganon returns. The new king tried to use the Sheikah technology again to defeat Ganon. However, Ganon already controlled Sheikah technology and he used this to attack the kingdom. As a consequence, Link and princess Zelda were defeated by Sheikah technology. Link had to recover for a hundred years and when he woke up in the Shrine of Resurrection, and the game starts. He now has to return in search of Zelda to help her destroy Ganon with the help of clues Zelda left along the way. 

Development began in 2013. It took a long time because of all the details they added to it. They used new ideas from developers which made it more original and refreshing. It was a pioneering game and it broke the conventions of the saga, you can walk anywhere in the world even climb mountains, sail rafts, swim, run, walk, explore, fight, or even teleport later on in the game.

An interesting feature of the game is that it is interactive and the characters can respond to you differently depending on what you are wearing. For example, if you are wearing something metallic, like a metal sword, metal shield or metal bow, in a storm, lightning can strike you and kill you, so make sure to unequip your weapons or use wood weapons instead.

It has been extremely successful around the world since it was first published. It has sold around 20 million copies worldwide.

Hydrogel

Hydrogels are three-dimensional polymeric networks filled with water. The water content can reach as high as 90-99% depending on the polymer concentration. It contains polymers that are attracted to water, they swell and hold large amounts of water while maintaining their structure due to chemical or physical cross-linking of individual polymer chains. The physical cross-linked hydrogels are easily pulled and relaxed, like a rubber band. The chemically cross-linked hydrogels avoid deformation. The behaviour of hydrogels is typically viscoelastic which is associated with the water and the movement of polymer networks in fluids. Similar to other polymers, there are natural and man-made hydrogels. The man-made hydrogels are also known as synthetic, this allows the hydrogels to have a longer service life, hold more water, and have greater strength. 

There are many types of hydrogels. The most common ones are pH-sensitive hydrogels, which respond to pH changes in the environment. Temperature-sensitive hydrogels, which are affected by how hot or cold the environment is. Electro-sensitive hydrogels, which either shrink or expand when an electric field is applied. Lastly, the light-responsive hydrogels respond to light. 

In many ways hydrogels are similar to our bodies because the human body is made out of mainly water and matrix materials that are surrounded by cells. This is why hydrogels can be used in tissue engineering. Hydrogels are filled with water so they mimic tissue environments, this means they are optimal to deliver cells and repair damaged tissue.

Italian tree frog

The Italian tree frog ("Hyla intermedia") is a frog from Italy.

This frog is green in color with stripes down its sides.

Electrowinning

Electrowinning is a manufacturing process for making metals from a solution containing dissolved metal. The process involves passing an electrical current from an inert electrode through the solution containing the metal, to plate the metal to another electrode. Also called electroplating, it is a common process for producing metals like copper, cobalt, nickel, zinc, aluminum, and gold among others. Electrowinning is one of the last processes in metal production. It commonly follows leaching which is a process that dissolves minerals into a solution. 

The electrical current is passed from the inert electrode, called the anode, and passes through the metal containing solution, called the electrolyte, and the metal is plated on another electrode, called the cathode. The ability to plate a metal depends on the reduction potential. The reduction potential depends on the many factors such as the metal in question, the solution temperature, the pH of the solution and other factors. The rate at which the metal can be produced depends on the amount of current being passed through the solution.

Industrially the process is made up of a square cathode with equal sized anodes on each side so that the metal can be plated evenly on both sides of the cathode. A cell consists of alternating anodes and cathodes, starting and ending with anodes. A production plant consists of many cells allowing for production of lots of metal.

Asia Pacific Democrat Union

The Asia Pacific Democrat Union (APDU), is in international political centre-right, right group of political parties in the Asia Pacific Region. This union is tied and related to the International Democrat Union that is based in Munich ,Germany, the (APDU) Is labelled as a regional union on the International Democrat Union (IDU) Website.

The Asia Pacific Democrat Union aims to provide a place in which political parties that have similar beliefs can exchange there views on matters of policy and interest so that ideas can be shared between party's so that centre-right ideals can be spread and be encouraged all over the world.

This Union currently has 15 members, ranging from Bangladesh to El Salvador, the current chairperson is Ranil Wickramasinghe the former Sri Lankan Prime Minister Serving in this position since 2016. Tenzin Dargyalb Khangsar (Canada) From Tibet serves as vice chairman of the union making him the first person of Tibetan ancestry to represent the organisation. This lead to Controversy with China disagreeing with this Choice due to Tenzin Dargyalb Khangsar (Canada) previously denouncing China's claims on Tibet. BNP secretary general Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir (India) has also been chosen as vice chairman and Hassan Latheef (Maldives).

The Asia Pacific Democrat Union (APDU), does not have a separate website but you can email, and there party address currently is Sirikotha 400 Kotte Road, Pita Kotte Sri Jayawardenepura, Sri Lanka witch is also the headquarters of the United National Party (UNP).

Current party members and affiliates include a range of party in government and opposition including the Liberal party of Australia, The Republican Party of the United States and even the Kuomintang in Republic of China (Taiwan). A full list of party members can be found Bellow.

Emperor Kōtoku

Emperor Kôtoku was the 36th emperor of Japan according to the traditional counting. He was also called "Taika," for "Great Change." He ruled from 645 AD - 654 AD. He made the Taika Reforms, which changed parts of Tang dynasty ways of thinking about politics, running the government, and doing rituals for the Japanese court.

Before he was the Emperor, he was called Prince Karu. He became emperor in 645 AD after his sister, Empress Kôgyoku, abdicated in his favor. That means she quit being Empress and gave Karu the throne. Some historians say that Empress Kôgyoku's son, Prince Naka no Oe, asked her to abdicate. Prince Naka no Oe who would later become Emperor Tenji.

With the Taika Reforms, Kôtoku changed the way court officers wore clothes in 647. People of different rank (level of importance) wore different clothes. Kôtoku also said that the government had a monopoly on mined iron ore, meaning that no one else was allowed to mine iron ore. Before that, the Wakebe clan had mined iron ore.

After Kôtoku died in 654, Kôgyoku became the Empress again, but this time she was called Empress Saimei.

Eleanor Hodgman Porter

Eleanor Emily Hodgman Porter (December 19, 1868 – May 21, 1920) was an American novelist, most known for "Pollyanna" (1913) and "Just David" (1916).

West Bloomfield Township, Michigan

West Bloomfield Township, officially the Charter Township of West Bloomfield, is a charter township in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan, within the Detroit metropolitan area. It is one of the most expensive places to live in Oakland County. As of the 2020 census, the township had a population of 65,888.

The Actress

The Actress is a 1953 American comedy-drama movie directed by George Cukor and was based on the play "Years Ago" by Ruth Gordon. It stars Spencer Tracy, Jean Simmons, Teresa Wright, Anthony Perkins. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1954.


Wishmaster

Wishmaster is the third album by the Finnish symphonic metal group Nightwish.



Over the Hills and Far Away

Over the Hills and Far Away is the first EP by the Finnish symphonic metal group Nightwish.



Century Child

Century Child is the fourth album by the Finnish symphonic metal group Nightwish.



Vinicio Bernardini

Vinicio Bernardini (16 July 1926 – 23 November 2020) was an Italian politician and businessman. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies. Bernardini was a member of Italian Communist Party from 1976 until 1983. He was also Mayor of Pisa in 1971 and again from 1983 to 1985. Bernardini was born in Pisa.

Bernardini died on 23 November 2020 from COVID-19 in Pisa at the age of 94.

Once

Once is the fifth album by the Finnish symphonic metal group Nightwish.



Dark Passion Play

Dark Passion Play is the sixth album by the Finnish symphonic metal group Nightwish.



Endless Forms Most Beautiful

Endless Forms Most Beautiful is the eighth album by the Finnish symphonic metal group Nightwish.



Günter Rittner

Günter Rittner (11 March 192723 November 2020) was a German painter and illustrator. He was one of the best known German portrayers. He was known for his official portrait of German Chancellors Ludwig Erhard, Kurt Georg Kiesinger and Helmut Schmidt. Many of his works are found at the Bundeskanzleramt in Berlin.

Rittner was born in Breslau, Germany. He lived in Gran Canaria in the Canary Islands. Rittner died at his home in Munich on 23 November 2020 at the age of 93.

Human. :II: Nature.

Human. :II: Nature. is the ninth album by the Finnish symphonic metal group Nightwish.




Paul Nyman

Paul Nyman (3 March 1929 – 25 November 2020) was a Russian-born Finnish cyclist. He won the Finnish national road race title in 1955, 1956 and 1958. He also competed at the 1952, 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics.

He started in Peace Race four times: 1954 -did not finish, 1955 - 12., 1956 - 4. (this was the best result of a Finnish rider in this race), 1957 - 22. He was born in Vyborg, Russia.

Nyman died on 25 November 2020 in Helsinki, Finland at the age of 91.

Vladimir Ivanov (athlete)

Vladimir Vasilev Ivanov (, 23 April 1955 – 26 November 2020) was a Bulgarian sprinter. He was born in Sofia. He competed in 400 metres at the 1980 European Indoor Championships. At the 1980 Olympics he finished sixth.

Ivanov died from COVID-19-related problems in Sofia, Bulgaria on 26 November 2020, aged 65. 

Gene Fraise

Eugene S. "Gene" Fraise (May 7, 1932 – November 27, 2020) was an American politician. He was a member of the Iowa Senate from the 46th district from 1986 until 2013. He was born in West Point, Iowa. Fraise was a member of the Democratic Party.

Fraise died of COVID-19 on November 27, 2020, in West Burlington, Iowa at age 88.

Madieng Khary Dieng

Madieng Khary Dieng (21 November 1932 – 27 November 2020) was a Senegalese politician. He was a member of the Socialist Party. He was a government minister several times during Abdou Diouf's presidency. Dieng was Minister of the Interior from 1991 to 1993. He also was an Ambassador to The Gambia from 1996 to 1998

Dieng was born in Coki, Senegal. He died on 27 November 2020 in Rabat, Morocco at the age of 88.

Hakam Balawi

Hakam Umar As‘ad Balawi (Arabic: حكم بلعاوي; 1938 – November 2020) was a Palestinian politician and writer. He was an Ambassador to Libya and Tunisia from 1973 to 1975 and from 1983 to 1984. He also was the Interior Minister from 2003 to 2005 during the Yasser Arafat cabinet.

Balawi was born in Bal'a, British Mandate of Palestine. He died on 28 November 2020 at the age of 82.

Jan Kilian (politician)

Jan Kilian (27 December 1953 – 28 November 2020) was a Polish politician and businessman. He was a member of the Law and Justice Party. Kilian was born in Starogard Gdański, Poland. He was a member of the Sejm from 2015 until 2019.

Kilian died on 28 November 2020 at the age of 66.

Starogard Gdański

Starogard Gdański (; until 1950 Starogard, meaning "the old stronghold"; Pomeranian/; ) is a town in Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland with 48,328 people living here in 2004.

John Kilian

John Kilian also , (March 22, 1811 – September 12, 1884), sometimes known as Jan Kilian, was a German-American Lutheran pastor. He was the leader of the colony known as the Wends of Texas.

Serbin, Texas

Serbin is an unincorporated community in southwestern Lee County, Texas, United States. It is located about east of Austin.


Vítor Oliveira

Vítor Manuel Oliveira (17 November 195328 November 2020) was a Portuguese football midfielder and manager. His manager career lasted from 1979 until his death. He won 11 promotions to the Primeira Liga, six as champion. He was born in Matosinhos, Portugal. As a player, he made the most appearances for Leixões from 1972 to 1975 and for Portimonense from 1983 to 1985.

Oliveira died on 28 November 2020 in Matosinhos from a heart attack at the age of 67.

Matosinhos

Matosinhos () is a city and a municipality in the northern Porto district of Portugal. It bordered in the south by the city of Porto (8 km from the city centre). The population in 2011 was 175,478.

Leixões S.C.

Leixões Sport Club, commonly known as Leixões (), is a Portuguese sports club from Matosinhos. It is organised into many parts for sports, such as football, boxing, karate, volleyball, swimming and billiards.

Portimonense S.C.

Portimonense Sporting Clube is a Portuguese sports club based in Portimão. It was founded on 14 August 1914. They are known for its professional football team, which currently plays in the Primeira Liga.


F.C. Paços de Ferreira

Futebol Clube Paços de Ferreira () is a Portuguese football club based in Paços de Ferreira, Porto district. It was founded in 1950. They currently play in the Primeira Liga.

Jean-Louis Servan-Schreiber

Jean-Louis Servan-Schreiber (31 October 1937 – 28 November 2020) was a French journalist and human rights activist. He was the co-founder of "L'Expansion" and the founder of "Psychologies" and Radio Classique. He was the author of several books. He was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, France. He was a member of the Human Rights Watch from 2007 until his death.

Servan-Schreiber died on 28 November 2020 in Paris of COVID-19, aged 83.

Sahibzada Farooq Ali

Sahibzada Farooq Ali (5 September 1931 – 29 November 2020) was a Pakistani politician. He was the ninth Speaker of National Assembly of Pakistan from 9 August 1973 to 27 March 1977. He was born in Ghakhar Mandi, British Raj. Ali was a member of the Pakistan Peoples Party. He was a member of the assembly from 1972 to 1977.

Ali died on 29 November 2020 in Multan, Pakistan at the age of 89.

Asad Qaiser

Asad Qaiser (; born 15 November 1969) is a Pakistani politician. He was the Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan, in office from August 2018 to April 2022. He has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, since August 2018. 

In April 2020, Qaiser tested positive for COVID-19 during the coronavirus pandemic in Pakistan.

Ayaz Sadiq

Sardar Ayaz Sadiq (; born 17 October 1954) is a Pakistani politician. He has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018. He was a member of the National Assembly from 2002 to May 2018. He was the 19th Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan from June 2013 to August 2015 and again from November 2015 to August 2018.

Chaudhry Amir Hussain

Chaudhry Amir Hussain (born 22 June 1942) is a Pakistani politician. He was the 17th Speaker of National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2008.

Hussain lost his re-election to the parliament in the February 2008 election.

Gohar Ayub Khan

Gohar Ayub Khan (; 8 January 1937 – 17 November 2023) was a Pakistani politician, businessman and retired army officer. He was a member of the Pakistan Muslim League. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs during the administration of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif from 1997 to 1998.

Ayub Khan was also the 14th Speaker of the National Assembly from 1990 to 1993.

Ayub Khan died on 17 November 2023 at a hospital in Islamabad, Pakistan from a short-illness at the age of 86.


Muhammad Mian Soomro

Muhammad Mian Soomro Sindhi: محمد میاں سومرو; born 19 August 1950) is a Pakistanii politician and a banker. He was the Chairman of the Senate from 2003 to 2009. He also was the caretaker Prime Minister of Pakistan from 2007 to 2008 and the acting President of Pakistan from 18 August 2008 to 9 September 2008.

Raza Rabbani

Mian Raza Rabbani (Urdu:; born 23 July 1953) is a Pakistani politician who served as the 7th Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan from March 2015 to March 2018.

Sadiq Sanjrani

Muhammad Sadiq Sanjrani (; born 14 April 1978) is a Pakistani politician. He is the 8th and current Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan. He took his oath of office as Member and Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan on 12 March 2018.

Gulzar Ahmed

Gulzar Ahmed (; born 2 February 1957) is a Pakistani jurist. He is the 27th and current Chief Justice of Pakistan. He was nominated by President Arif Alvi. On 21 December 2019, Ahmed took office.

Nazim Hussain Siddiqui

Nazim Hussain Siddiqui (Urdu: ; 30 June 1940 – 15 January 2022) was a Pakistani jurist. He was Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan, from 31 December 2003 to 29 June 2005.

He retired from service on 29 June 2005.

Siddiqui died on 15 January 2022 in Karachi, Pakistan at the age of 81.

Sheikh Riaz Ahmad

Sheikh Riaz Ahmad (Urdu : ; born 9 March 1938) is a Pakistani judge. He was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan from February 1, 2002 to December 31, 2003.

Bashir Jehangiri

Justice Muhammad Bashir Jehangiri (Urdu : , born 1 February 1937) is a Pakistani politician and lawyer. He was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan from 7 January 2002 to 31 January 2002.

Irshad Hasan Khan

Justice Irshad Hasan Khan (Urdu : ) (born 7 January 1937) is a Pakistani politician and lawyer. He was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan from 26 January 2000 to 6 January 2002.

Vladimir Fortov

Vladimir Yevgenyevich Fortov (; 23 January 1946 – 29 November 2020) was a Russian physicist. He was director of the Joint Institute for High Temperatures from 1992 to 2013. He was president of the Russian Academy of Sciences from 2013 to 2017. In 1991, he became a member of the academy. 

He was known for his research in thermal physics, shock waves and plasma physics.

Fortov died on 29 November 2020 in Moscow from COVID-19 at the age of 74.

Ioannis Tassias

Ioannis Tassias (1 October 1958 – 15 November 2020) was a Greek Orthodox bishop. He was the Metropolitan of Langadas as Ioannis of Langada from 2010 until his death in 2020. He was born in Thessaloniki, Greece.

On 13 November 2020, Tassias was hospitalized with COVID-19 in Thessaloniki. He died two days later from problems caused by the infection at the age of 62. He became the first Metropolitan of the Church of Greece to die from the pandemic.


Dimitris Kremastinos

Dimitris Kremastinos (; 1 May 1942 – 8 May 2020) was a Greek politician and physician. He was a member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts. 

Kremastinos was the Minister of Health, Welfare and Social Insurance from 1993 to 1996. He also was a member of the Hellenic Parliament from 2000 to 2004 and again from 2009 to 2019. From 2015 to 2019, he was the Vice-President of the parliament.

On 26 March 2020, Kremastinos was hospitalized in Athens with COVID-19. He died two weeks later on 8 May from the infection, aged 78.

Édouard Marquis

Édouard Marquis (17 August 1969 – 23 November 2020) was a French radio and television host, journalist, and producer. He was born in Paris. Marquis produced reports for France 2, Télé emploi, France 5, and MCM.

Marquis died on 23 November 2020 in Montluçon, France from a long-illness at the age of 51.

Giorgio Morales

Giorgio Morales (26 March 1932 – 29 November 2020) was an Italian politician and activist. He was Mayor of Florence from 2 October 1989 to 24 April 1995. He was a member of both Socialist and Forza Italia. Morales was born in La Spezia, Italy.

Morales died on 29 November 2020 from pneumonia-related problems in Florence, aged 88.

La Spezia

La Spezia (, , ; in the local Spezzino dialect) is the capital city of the province of La Spezia.

Mohammad Afzal Cheema

Mohammad Afzal Cheema (; 1913 – 4 August 2008) was a Pakistani politician and judge. Cheema was the only Pakistani to reach the top positions in all branches of state. He was the acting President of Pakistan from 1962 to 1963.

Sheikh Anwarul Haq

Chief Justice Sheikh Anwarul Haq (‎ ; 11 May 1917 – 3 March 1995), was a Pakistani jurist and an academic. He was the 9th Chief Justice of Pakistan from 23 September 1977 until resigning on 25 March 1981. Between 1973 to 1978, he was the Acting (and is sometime referred to as the 20th) President of Pakistan.

Fazlul Qadir Chaudhry

Fazlul Quader Chaudhury (26 March 1919–17 July 1973) was a Bengali politician. He was the 5th speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan from East Pakistan. He was also the Acting President of Pakistan from 1963 to 1965.

Juan de Dios Román

Juan de Dios Roman Seco (17 December 1942 – 28 November 2020) was a Spanish handball coach and executive. He was born in Merida, Spain. 

His coaching career lasted between 1964 to 2000. He coached the Atlético Madrid BM, BM Ciudad Real and the national team. He lead the national team into the 2000 Summer Olympics, winning the bronze medal.

Between 2008 to 2013, he was President of the Royal Spanish Handball Federation.

Román died of a stroke on 28 November 2020 in Madrid at the age of 77.

Merida

Mérida or Merida may refer to:




Philippe Clair

Philippe Clair (14 September 1930 – 28 November 2020) was a Moroccan-born French actor, director, producer, screenwriter, and comedian. He was born in Ahfir, Morocco. His career lasted from 1950 to 2013. He was known for starring in the 1962 comedy "Girl on the Road". He also directed, produced and wrote the comedies "Déclic et des claques" (1965) and "Par où t'es rentré ? On t'a pas vu sortir" (1984).

Clair died on 28 November 2020 at the age of 90.

Koshebe massacre

The Koshebe massacre took place on 28 November 2020 in the village of Koshebe, Borno State, northeastern Nigeria. About 110 civilians, mostly farmers from Sokoto State, were killed; six others were wounded. The attack occurred as they worked in rice fields 31 kilometers (19 miles) to the northeast of the city of Maiduguri. Crops worth millions of Naira were also destroyed in an attack thought to be carried out by

Undercover Burns

"Undercover Burns" is the first episode of the thirty-second season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on the Fox network in the United States on September 27, 2020. 

Albert B. Fall

Albert Bacon Fall (November 26, 1861November 30, 1944) was an American politician. He was the United States Senator from New Mexico between 1912 and 1921. He was the Secretary of the Interior under President Warren G. Harding.

He was known for being involved in the Teapot Dome scandal. He was found guilty of conspiracy and bribery and was jailed for one year as a result. He became the first former cabinet officer sentenced to prison as a result of misconduct in office.

April 25 SC

April 25 Sports Club (, "Sa i o ch'eyuktan"), or 4.25 SC is a multi-sports club based in Pyongyang, North Korea. They are commonly known as a football team. They also have a basketball team, an ice hockey team, and a volleyball team. 









Alice Adams

Alice Adams is a 1935 American romantic drama movie directed by George Stevens and is the second adaption of the 1921 novel of the same name by Booth Tarkington. It stars Katharine Hepburn, Fred MacMurray, Fred Stone, Frank Albertson, Hedda Hopper, Hattie McDaniel, Jonathan Hale, Evelyn Venable and RKO Radio Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1936.


Finch Avenue

Finch Avenue is a road in Toronto, Canada. It is named after John Finch.

Captain Blood (movie)

Captain Blood is a 1935 American romantic adventure movie directed by Michael Curtiz and was based on the 1922 novel of the same name by Rafael Sabatini. It stars Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, Basil Rathbone, Ross Alexander, Hobart Cavanaugh and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards in 1936.


Anthony Adverse

Anthony Adverse is a 1936 American romantic adventure drama movie directed by Mervyn LeRoy and was based on the 1933 novel of the same name by Hervey Allen. It stars Fredric March, Olivia de Havilland, Claude Rains, Rollo Lloyd, Edmund Gwenn, Anita Louise, Donald Woods and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 7 Oscars and won 4 Academy Awards in 1937.


Dodsworth

Dodsworth is a 1936 American drama movie directed by William Wyler and was based on the 1929 novel by Sinclair Lewis and 1934 play of the same name by Sidney Howard. It stars Walter Huston, Ruth Chatterton, Paul Lukas, Mary Astor, David Niven, Gregory Gaye and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 7 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1937.


Freddie Prinze

Freddie James Prinze (born Frederick Karl Pruetzel; June 22-1954 - January 29, 1977) was an American stand-up comedian and actor.

Prinze was born in New York City to Edward Karl Pruetzel and Aurea Elana Ruiz. His father was German and his mother was Puerto Rican.

Prinze married Kathy Barber and had a son, Freddie Prinze, Jr., in 1976.

Croatian Americans

Croatian Americans (Croatian: Američki Hrvati) are Americans that have partial or full ancestral origin from Croatia. In 2012, there were at least 414,714 American citizens who have Croatian descent. 

Croatian Americans are closely related to other European Americans, and are closest to other Slavic Americans. Most Croatian Americans are of the Roman Catholic faith, but other Christian faiths are commonly followed. The places with the most Croatian Americans are Chicago, Cleveland, New York City, Southern California, and Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh is the home of the Croatian Fraternal Union, which was made to help Croatian Americans in the area. Croatia's "State Office for the Croats Abroad" estimated that there are up to 1.2 million Croats and their descendants living in the United States.

As of 2012, there are 414,714 Croat Americans. It is estimated that there are over 1.2 million. 

In the 2006-2010 American Community Survery, the states with the most Croatian Americans were:


Ethnic groups in Europe

The native peoples of Europe are seperated by common genetics, common language, or both. It is estimated there are 87 distinct native peoples in Europe, 33 of which form the ethnic majority in their country. The other 54 are minorities in their countries. The Russians are the largest group, with over 134 million. 

Baltic languages: Includes Latgalian, Latvian, Lithuanian, and Samogitian. 

Celtic languages: Includes Breton, Cornish, Irish, Manx, Scottish Gaelic, and Welsh. 

Germanic languages: Includes Danish, Dutch, English, Faroese, Flemish, Frisian, German, Icelandic, Limburgish, Low Saxon, Luxembourgish, Norwegian, Scots, Swedish, and Yiddish. Afrikaans, a daughter language of Dutch, is spoken mostly by South Africans and Namibians.

Indo-Aryan languages: Romani

Iranic Languages: Ossetian in the Caucasus, and Kurdish in Turkey. 

Romance languages: Includes Aromanian, Arpitan, Catalan, Corsican, French, Friulian, Galician, Istro-Romanian, Italian, Ladino, Megleno-Romanian, Occitan, Portuguese, Romanian, Romansh, Sardinian, and Spanish.

Slavic languages: Includes Belarusian, Bosnian, Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, Kashubian, Macedonian, Montenegrin, Polish, Russian, Rusyn, Serbian, Slovak, Slovene, Sorbian, and Ukrainian

Semitic languages: Maltese

Language isolates: Greek, Albanian, and Armenian. 

Finnic: Estonian, Finnish, Livonian

Permic: Komi, Udmurt

Ugric (Disputed branch): Hungarian

Disputed: Mari, Mordvinic, Sámi

No branch: Samoyedic

Mr. Deeds Goes to Town

Mr. Deeds Goes to Town is a 1936 American romantic comedy drama movie directed by Frank Capra and was based on the 1935 short story "Opera Hat" by Clarence Budington Kelland. It stars Gary Cooper, Jean Arthur, George Bancroft, Lionel Stander, Douglass Dumbrille, John Wray, Ruth Donnelly and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 5 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1937 and was spun off into a TV series in 1969 and remade in 2002.


Czech Americans

Czech Americans (), known in the 19th and early 20th century as Bohemian Americans, are citizens of the United States who are of Czech descent.

The top 50 U.S. communities with the highest percentage of people claiming Czech ancestry are:

The top U.S. communities with the most residents born in the Czech Republic (former Czechoslovakia) are:

The states with the largest Czech American populations are:

However, these figures are grossly understated when second and third generation descendants are included.

The states with the top percentages of Czech Americans are:

Annam tree frog

The Annam tree frog, South China tree toad or Hainan tree toad ("Hyla simplex") is a frog from China, Vietnam and Laos. Scientists saw it between 50 and 1500 meters above sea level.

Scientists say this frog is related to the common tree frog.

Slovak Americans

Slovak Americans are Americans of Slovak descent. In the 1990 Census, Slovak Americans made up the third-largest portion of Slavic ethnic groups. There are currently about 790,000 people of Slovak descent living in the United States.

The Great Ziegfeld

The Great Ziegfeld is a 1936 American musical drama movie directed by Robert Z. Leonard and starring William Powell, Myrna Loy, Luise Rainer, Frank Morgan, Fanny Brice, Virginia Bruce, Reginald Owen, Ray Bolger, Harriet Hoctor. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 7 Oscars and won 3 Academy Awards in 1937. It was followed up by "Ziegfeld Girl" in 1941 and "Ziegfeld Follies" in 1946.


Ziegfeld Girl (movie)

Ziegfeld Girl is a 1941 American musical movie directed by Robert Z. Leonard and Busby Berkley. It stars James Stewart, Judy Garland, Hedy Lamarr, Lana Turner, Tony Martin, Jackie Cooper, Eve Arden and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.



A Tale of Two Cities (1935 movie)

A Tale of Two Cities is a 1935 American romance drama movie directed by Jack Conway and Robert Z. Leonard. It was based on the 1859 novel of the same name by Charles Dickens and starring Ronald Coleman, Elizabeth Allan, Edna May Oliver, Reginald Owen, Basil Rathbone, Donald Woods, Blanche Yurka, Mitchell Lewis. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1937.


Three Smart Girls

Three Smart Girls is a 1936 American romantic musical comedy movie directed by Henry Koster and starring Binnie Barnes, Charles Winninger, Alice Brady, Ray Milland, Mischa Auer, Ernest Cossart, Lucile Watson. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1937. It was followed up by two sequels "Three Smart Girls Grow Up" in 1939 and "Hers to Hold" in 1943.


Yara Bou Monsef

Yara Abou Monsef (; born 31 May 1996) is a Lebanese model, actress, and social media personality. She is known as a content creator and women empowerment influencer. She started actively posting content on the social video sharing app, TikTok, in early 2019, where she quickly amassed a large following, Her TikTok account as of August 2020 has half million followers and counting ,

Yara was born and raised in Ain Zebde.

She speaks three languages fluently: English, French, and Arabic.

She was elected as the second runner-up in Miss Lebanon 2018 as her quick wit and educated answers earned her the respect of the Lebanese as a woman of intellect.

Yara is a World Vision Organization volunteer, youth leader, and tourist guide in Ain Zebde with the Nature Conservation Center-American University of Beirut.

She is an excellent orator and she shares a passion for acting and singing. She started actively posting content on the social video sharing app, TikTok, in early 2020.

She has completed a bachelor’s degree in biology and a Master’s degree in animal biology at the Lebanese University (2014-2018) and has graduated as a double diplomate in Bio-Health engineering and Molecular diagnostics at the Grenoble Alpes University and the Lebanese University (2018-2019).

Yara was born in Lebanon to a Lebanese father, Ahmad Abou Monsef, and a Lebanese mother, Micheline Kiwan. She has three siblings, two sisters and one brother. She moved to Beirut when she was 18 years old. Most of her family members are living abroad, She likes old music, the Rahbani brothers and fairouz mainly.

Reading- horseback riding-singing- Playing Guitar

Echo, a sister company of Watary Digital.


Transparent wood

Transparent wood is a new composite wood material. It is 90% transparent and stronger than wood itself. It was made for the first time in 1992.

The material is biodegradeable. Transparent wood it is also shatterproof. On the other hand, we do not know how long-lasting it is.

As soon as the news was released at the end of 2015, see-through wood had a big press reaction.

Tokyo Woman's Christian University

, often called as TWCU or , is a well-known private university in Tokyo, Japan.
TWCU has one faculty divided into twelve departments. In 2018, the departments of the university have been restructured. Graduate programs are offered in their Graduate school.






Robert J. Brown

Robert J. Brown (June 15, 1935 – November 14, 2020) was an American educator and politician. Brown was born in Stillwater, Minnesota. He was a member of the Minnesota Senate from 1967 to 1976. He was a Republican. 

Brown died at his home in Roseville, Minnesota on November 14, 2020 at the age of 85.

Roseville, Minnesota

Roseville is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota.

François d'Harcourt

François d'Harcourt (10 December 1928 – 5 November 2020) was a French politician. He was born in Paris. d'Harcourt was a member of the Union for French Democracy. He was a member of the National Assembly from 1973 to 1997.

d'Harcourt died on 5 November 2020 in Annecy, France at the age of 91.

Hasbullah Osman

Hasbullah bin Osman (17 February 1957 – 16 November 2020) was a Malaysian politician. He was Chairman of the Syarikat Perumahan Negara Berhad (SPNB) from May 2020 until his death. He was a member of the Parliament of Malaysia between 2013 until his death. He also was a Member of the Perak State Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Temenggor from March 2004 to May 2013.

Osman was born in Gerik, British Malaysia. He died at a hospital in Pahang, Malaysia on 16 November 2020 from a heart attack caused by heart disease, aged 63.

Camille Bonnet

Camille Bonnet (31 August 1918 – 17 November 2020) was a French rugby union player. He won the 1944–45 French Rugby Union Championship. He was born in Nogaro, France. His career lasted from 1936 until 1948. 

Bonnet died of COVID-19 on 17 November 2020 at the age of 102.

Anneliese Schuh-Proxauf

Anneliese Schuh-Proxauf (10 March 1922 – 17 November 2020) was an Austrian alpine skier and tennis player. She competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.

Schuh-Proxauf was born and died in Innsbruck at the age of 98.

Jean Darnel

Jean Darnel (1923 – 20 November 2020) was a French actor and director. He was born in Bayonne, France. He acted and directed many French productions of classical plays such as "Romeo and Juliet", "Hamlet" and "Cyrano de Bergerac".
Darnel died in Paris on 20 November 2020.

Cyrano de Bergerac (play)

Cyrano de Bergerac is a play written in 1897 by Edmond Rostand. It is slightly based on the real Cyrano de Bergerac, and the play is a fictional story about his life.

The play has been translated and performed many times, and it is responsible for introducing the word "panache" into the English language.

Cyrano de Bergerac

Savinien de Cyrano de Bergerac ( , ; 6 March 1619 – 28 July 1655) was a French novelist, playwright, epistolarian and duelist. He is best known as the inspiration for Edmond Rostand's most well known drama "Cyrano de Bergerac" (1897).

Edmond Rostand

Edmond Eugène Alexis Rostand (, , ; 1 April 1868 – 2 December 1918) was a French poet and dramatist. He is known for his works which are known as neo-romanticism. His best known play was the 1897 play "Cyrano de Bergerac".

Corrie van Gorp

Corrie van Gorp (30 June 1942 – 22 November 2020) was a Dutch actress and singer. She was born in Rotterdam, Netherlands. She starred in the Dutch television series "De Wereld Draait Door". 

Van Gorp died on 22 November 2020 in Rotterdam at the age of 78.

Benjamín Jiménez Hernández

Benjamin Jiménez Hernández (31 March 1938 – 26 November 2020) was a Mexican Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1963. He was the titular bishop of "Sellectum" and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Culiacán, Mexico from 1989 to 1993 and then as bishop of the diocese from 1993 to 2011.

Jiménez Hernández died on 26 November 2020 at the age of 82.

Louis Nzala Kianza

Louis Nzala Kianza (6 February 1946 – 26 November 2020) was a Democratic Republic of the Congo Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1927. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Popokabaka from 1996 until his retirement in 2020. He also was the apostolic administrator of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Idiofa from 2006 to 2009.

Kianza died on 26 November 2020 at the age of 74.

Roger Fite

Roger Fite (13 October 1938 – 28 November 2020) was a French rugby union player. He was born in Cabrerolles, France. Fite made his first international appearance with France on 23 March 1963. After his playing career, Fite became President of the Comité du Limousin. He also sat on the steering committee of the French Rugby Federation.

Fite died on 28 November 2020 at the age of 82.

Papa Bouba Diop

Papa Bouba Diop (28 January 1978 – 29 November 2020) was a Senegalese professional footballer. He played defensive midfield but he could also play as a centre back. He played at Lens. He played for the national team from 2001 to 2008.

Diop died in Paris on 29 November 2020 from Charcot–Marie–Tooth disease and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis at the age of 42.

Remo Sernagiotto

Remo Sernagiotto (1 September 1955 – 29 November 2020) was an Italian politician. He was born in Montebelluna, Italy. He was a member of the Christian Democrat. He was first elected to the Regional Council of Veneto in 2000 for Forza Italia (FI). 

He was re-elected to the Regional Council of Veneto in 2005.

In the 2014 European Parliament election Sernagiotto was elected member of the European Parliament (MEP) and left office in 2019.

Sernagiotto died on 29 November 2020 from a heart attack at the age of 65.

Montebelluna

Montebelluna is a city and "comune" in Veneto, Italy, about northwest of Venice. It has a population of 32,000. 

Viorel Turcu

Viorel Turcu (9 August 1960 – 29 November 2020) was a Romanian footballer. He played as a midfielder. He was born in Popești, Romania. Turcu made seven appearances for the national team in 1982.

Turcu died on 29 November 2020 in Piatra Neamț, Romania at the age of 60.

Piatra Neamț

Piatra Neamț (, , ) is the capital city of Neamț County, in the historical region of Western Moldavia, in northeastern Romania.

Betty Bobbitt

Betty Ann Bobbitt (February 7, 1939 – November 30, 2020) was an American-born Australian actress, director, singer, and playwright. She was born in New York City. Bobbitt's career began in 1957. She was known for her cameos in the "Crocodile Dundee" movie series playing American tourists. She also played Judy Bryant in the 1980s comedy "Prisoner".

Bobbitt died on November 30, 2020 in Melbourne from a stroke at the age of 81.

Kiran Maheshwari

Kiran Maheshwari (29 October 1961 – 30 November 2020) was an Indian politician. She was born in Udaipur, Rajasthan. Maheshwari was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. She was a member of the Lok Sabha from 2004 to 2009. 

Maheshwari died of COVID-19 on 30 November 2020 at a hospital in Gurgaon, Haryana at the age of 59.

Mildred Harris

Mildred Harris ( – July 20, 1944) was an American actress. She was also the first wife of Charlie Chaplin.

She appeared in Frank Capra's 1928 silent drama "The Power of the Press" with Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. and Jobyna Ralston and the same year, starred in Universal Pictures first sound movie "Melody of Love" opposite Walter Pidgeon.

Amazon river dolphin

The Amazon river dolphin, boto, bufeo or pink dolphin ("Inia geoffrensis") is one of five species of river dolphin. The Amazon river dolphin lives in the Amazon River and Orinoco River. It is greyish pink in color. It is endangered because of dams and water pollution, especially mercury pollution.

Lita Grey

Lita Grey (born Lillita Louise MacMurray, April 15, 1908 – December 29, 1995), who was known for most of her life as Lita Grey Chaplin, was an American actress. She was the second wife of Charlie Chaplin.

Paulette Goddard

Paulette Goddard (born Marion Levy; June 3, 1910 – April 23, 1990) was an American actress and model. She was known as one of the Ziegfeld Girl.

She became a major star of Paramount Pictures in the 1940s. Her most known movies were her first major role, as Charlie Chaplin's leading lady in "Modern Times", and Chaplin's movie "The Great Dictator". 

She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in "So Proudly We Hail!" (1943).

Modern Times (movie)

Modern Times is a 1936 American silent comedy movie written and directed by Charlie Chaplin. It is known for being the last time that Chaplin played the Tramp character and for being the first time Chaplin's voice is heard on movie.

In 1989, "Modern Times" was one of the first 25 movies selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the United States National Film Registry for being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

The Kid (1921 movie)

The Kid is a 1921 American silent comedy-drama movie written, produced, directed and starring Charlie Chaplin and Jackie Coogan. 

In 2011, "The Kid" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant." 

The Tramp

The Tramp ("Charlot" in several languages), also known as The Little Tramp, was British actor Charlie Chaplin's most well-known character on-screen. The Tramp has become an icon in world cinema. The character was popular during the era of silent movies. 

The character is known to be humorous, often acting drunk, and clumsy. 

Kid Auto Races at Venice

Kid Auto Races at Venice (also known as The Pest) is a 1914 American movie starring Charlie Chaplin. The movie is known for being the first appearance of Chaplin's well known Little Tramp" character.

Tom Casperson

Tom Casperson (July 20, 1959 – November 29, 2020) was an American politician. He was born in Escanaba, Michigan. He was a Republican member of the Michigan State Senate from 2011 to 2018. He was a member of the Michigan State House of Representatives from 2003 to 2008.

Caperson died on November 29, 2020 from lung cancer in Escanaba at the age of 61.

Michael J. Budds

Michael Joseph Budds (June 11, 1947 – November 19, 2020) was an American musicologist. He was a professor at the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri. Many of his works focused on American popular music. He was born in Pana, Illinois.

Budds died on November 19, 2020 in Columbia at the age of 73.

Agnieszka Chylińska

Agnieszka Barbara Chylińska (born May 23, 1976, in Gdańsk) is a Polish singer-songwriter, actress, dancer, author and television personality.

From 1994 to 2003, she was the vocalist for the Polish rock band O.N.A.. Since 2003 she has performed as Chylińska and in 2004 she released an album titled "Winna". Since 2008 she has been a judge on the Polish version of the "Got Talent" franchise called "Mam talent!". In 2009, she released a studio album "Modern Rocking", then "Forever Child" (2016) and "Pink Punk" (2018)

João Alves Filho

João Alves Filho (3 July 1941 – 24 November 2020) was a Brazilian politician and civil engineer. He was governor of the state of Sergipe from 1983 to 1987, from 1991 to 1995, and from 2003 to 2007. From 1987 to 1990 he was Brazilian Minister of the Interior. From 1975 to 1979 and again from 2013 to 2017, he was mayor of Aracju. 

He died on 24 November 2020, aged 79, in Brasília from COVID-19.

Mack Sennett

Mack Sennett (born Michael Sinnott; January 17, 1880 – November 5, 1960) was a Canadian-American actor, director, and comedian. He was known as the "King of Comedy". He helped create the first slapstick silent comedy movies.

Sennett died on November 5, 1960, in Woodland Hills, California, aged 80.

According to IMDB he acted in 360 films.

Michael Sinnott was born in Richmond, Quebec in the Irish Catholi family. When he was 17 years old he moved to Connecticut.

Jen Psaki

Jennifer Rene Psaki (; born December 1, 1978) is an American political advisor. She was the 34th White House Press Secretary from January 20, 2021 until May 13, 2022.

She was White House Communications Director from 2015 to 2017 during the Barack Obama presidency. She has also been a CNN contributor.

In November 2020, Joe Biden announced Psaki his pick for White House Press Secretary. She told Biden that she would be press secretary until 2022, only a year into her term. On April 1, 2022, "Axios" reported that Psaki would likely leave the White House "around May" for a job with MSNBC. 

On May 5, 2022, the White House announced she would be leaving the role on May 13, 2022 and named her principal deputy, Karine Jean-Pierre, as her replacement.

Neera Tanden

Neera Tanden (born September 10, 1970) is an American political consultant and lawyer. She was president of the Center for American Progress from 2003 to 2021. During the Barack Obama presidency, Tanden helped create the Affordable Care Act. In May 2021, she became a Senior Advisor to President Joe Biden.

On November 29, 2020, then President-elect Joe Biden announced that he would nominate Tanden as the next director of the Office of Management and Budget. However, after Democrats and Republicans criticized her nomination, she withdrew her nomination as OMB director on March 3, 2021. Two months later, she became senior advisor to Biden. 

She was named White House staff secretary in October 2021.

It was announced on May 5, 2023, that Tanden would replace outgoing Susan Rice as Director of the United States Domestic Policy Council.

Cecilia Rouse

Cecilia Elena Rouse (born December 18, 1963) is an American economist. She was the 30th Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers from 2021 to 2023 under the Joe Biden administration. In 2012, she became dean of the Princeton School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University.

She was a member of President Barack Obama's Council of Economic Advisers from 2009 to 2011.

In November 2020, President-elect Joe Biden announced his plans to nominate Rouse as the Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers. The Senate confirmed her nomination by a vote of 95–4 on March 2.

In November 2022, it was announced that Rouse would be leaving her position as Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers following the 2022 midterms. In February 2023, Jared Bernstein was nominated as her successor by President Biden.

Kate Bedingfield

Katherine Joan Bedingfield (born October 29, 1981) is an American communications director and political campaign manager. She was the White House Communications Director for the Biden administration from 2021 to 2023.

She was deputy campaign manager for the Joe Biden 2020 presidential campaign and former communications director for Biden when he was vice president.

In early July 2022, Chief of Staff Ron Klain said that Bedingfield would leave her role as White House Communications Director "in the coming weeks." However a few weeks later, Bedingfield changed her decision and decided to stay in the role.

In February 2023, Bedingfield announced that she would leave the administration at the end of the month.

White House Communications Director

The White House communications director or White House director of communications, also known officially as Assistant to the President for Communications, is part of the senior staff of the President of the United States. 

The communications director is responsible for creating and promoting the agenda of the president and leading its media campaign. 

Gerald Rafshoon

Gerald Monroe Rafshoon (born January 11, 1934) is an American television producer and political operative. He is one of the four founding members of Unity08, and was the White House Communications Director under the presidency of Jimmy Carter from 1978 to 1979.

David Gergen

David Richmond Gergen (born May 9, 1942) is an American political commentator. He was a presidential adviser during the administrations of Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, Ronald Reagan, and Bill Clinton. He is a senior political analyst for CNN. Gergen is a professor of public service and he was the first director of the Center for Public Leadership at the Harvard Kennedy School.

Ann Lewis

Ann C. Frank Lewis (born December 19, 1937) is an American Democratic Party strategist and communicator. Lewis was the White House Communications Director in the Clinton administration from 1997 to 1999.

Lewis was co-chair for Jewish Women for the Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign.

Bill Shine

William Shine (born July 4, 1963) is an American television executive and politician. He was White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Communications in the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump. He spent most of his career as a producer and executive at Fox News.

He was co-president of Fox News, a position he held for 9 months before he was forced out on May 1, 2017.

On March 8, 2019, the White House announced that Shine was resigning to advise President Trump's 2020 presidential campaign.

Farmingville, New York

Farmingville is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 14,983 at the 2020 census.

East Farmingdale, New York

East Farmingdale is a hamlet and a census-designated place (CDP) in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population of the CDP was 6,617 at the 2020 census.

Elissa Slotkin

Elissa Blair Slotkin (born July 10, 1976) is an American politician. She is the U.S. Representative since 2019. Slotkin is a member of the Democratic Party.

She was a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) analyst during the Barack Obama presidency.

In February 2023, Slotkin announced her decision to run for the U.S. Senate in 2024.

Emily W. Murphy

Emily Webster Murphy (born 1973) is an American attorney and government official. She was the administrator of the General Services Administration (GSA) from 2017 to 2021.

She was appointed as administrator in 2017 by President Donald Trump. She was criticized for her actions after the 2020 presidential election in delaying the start of the transition to a Joe Biden administration after Biden won the election on November 7.

Murphy at first did not want to sign a letter allowing Biden's transition team to access federal agencies and transition funds. She signed the letter on November 23, allowing the presidential transition process to begin.

Pearson correlation coefficient

Pearson's correlation is a mathematical formula used to calculate correlation coefficients between two datasets. Most computer programs have a command to calculate this such as CORREL(dataset x: dataset y). You can calculate this by...

Developed by Karl Pearson in the 1880's,

Purna Swaraj

Purna Swaraj, or "total independence," was a document written by the Indian National Congress session at Lahore ,Punjab The Former Capital of the Undivided Punjab in December 19, 1929. It said that India should be separate from the British Empire. Purna Swaraj was announced on January 26, 1930. This is one reason why January 26 is India's Republic Day.

The Purna Swaraj was 750 words long. Scholars such as Mithi Mukherjee say it was an important part of Indian independence because it said becoming independent was about justice.


Michael Dubke

Michael D. Dubke (born April 18, 1970) is an American entrepreneur and political aide. He was the White House Communications Director for U.S. President Donald Trump until his resignation on June 2, 2017.

Hamburg (village), New York

Hamburg is a village in Erie County, New York, United States. The population was 9,696 at the 2020 census.


Hamburg, New York

Hamburg is a town in Erie County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 60,085.

Gerald P. Carmen

Gerald P. Carmen (born July 8, 1930) is an American businessman and politician. He was born in Quincy, Massachusetts. He was a member of the Republican Party. From 1981 to 1984, he was the Administrator of the General Services Administration during the Ronald Reagan presidency.

General Services Administration

The General Services Administration (GSA) is an independent agency of the United States government. It was created in 1949 to help manage and support the basic functioning of federal agencies. 

GSA gives products and communications for U.S. government offices, provides transportation and office space to federal employees, and develops government-wide cost-minimizing policies and other management tasks.

Whitewater controversy

The Whitewater controversy, Whitewater scandal, or simply Whitewater, was an American political controversy during the 1990s. It began with an investigation into the real estate investments of Bill and Hillary Clinton in the Whitewater Development Corporation. Neither Bill Clinton nor Hillary Clinton were ever prosecuted, after three separate inquiries found lack of evidence linking them with the criminal conduct. 

A March 1992 "New York Times" article published during the 1992 U.S. presidential campaign reported that the Clintons, then governor and first lady of Arkansas, had invested and lost money in the Whitewater Development Corporation.

Lewis looked for connections between the savings and loan company and the Clintons, and on September 2, 1992, she submitted a criminal referral to the FBI naming Bill and Hillary Clinton as witnesses in the Madison Guaranty case. 

David Hale, the source of criminal allegations against the Clintons, claimed in November 1993 that Bill Clinton had pressured him into providing an illegal $300,000 loan to Susan McDougal, the Clintons' partner in the Whitewater land deal. 

Jim Guy Tucker, Bill Clinton's replacement as governor, was convicted of fraud and sentenced to four years of probation for his role in the controversy. 

Guyanese Americans

Guyanese Americans are an ethnic group of Americans who can trace their ancestry back to Guyana. As of 2011, there are 208,899 Guyanese Americans currently living in the United States. The majority of Guyanese live in New York City – some 140,000 – making them the fifth-largest foreign-born population in the city.

Jamaican Americans

Jamaican American or Jamerican are an ethnic group of Caribbean Americans who have full or partial Jamaican ancestry.

West Indian Americans

West Indian Americans or Caribbean Americans are Americans who can trace their ancestry to the Caribbean, unless they are of native descent. As of 2016, about 13 million — about 4% of the total U.S. population — have Caribbean ancestry.

Hypogamy

Hypogamy is marrying someone considered to be of lower economic or social class or caste. Hypogamy has been found to be practiced more by men than by women. For men power and control is the one of the strongest attainments and what often leads them to pursue a hypogamous relationship. The idea of power and control is made possible by the gender roles and expectations that society has instilled in both men and women. Societal institutions have created deeply rooted systematic differences between men and women and an idea of how far women can go socially, professionally, and economically. Immigration and citizenship have influenced the goal of marriage, consequentially creating hypogamy on the personal level. 

Moldovan Americans

Moldovan Americans are Americans who are from Moldova or are descended from Moldovans. According to the U.S. 2000 census, there were 7,859 Moldovan Americans in the United States. However, the American Community Survey indicated that the number of Moldovan immigrants greatly increased over the years, and in 2014 exceeded 40,000 people in the United States. Most Moldovan Americans are Eastern Orthodox. 

Mediterranean tree frog

The Mediterranean tree frog or stripeless tree frog ("Hyla meridionalis") is a frog from Africa and Europe. It lives in parts of Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Portugal, Spain, France and Italy where there is plenty of water in the air.

The adult male frog is 55 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 65 mm long. It has disks on its toes for climbing. Its belly is white or almost white. Its back is green, yellow or green-yellow. It can change color. It has two dark stripes, one on each side of its head. The stripe starts at the nose and goes over the eye and ear to the shoulder.

The beginning and the duration of the reproductive period are very different. In southern France it extends from April to June, in Portugal from December to January (and later), in North Africa from March to April, in Tenerife from December to May. Sometimes she experiences an interruption due to bad weather. This is not uncommon for the Mediterranean tree frogs of the Camargue, France, when the mistral brings cold air from the Massif Central to the coast and causes a sudden fall in the weather there. Female frogs lay eggs on groups of plants near the edge of a body of water. The tadpoles hatch after eight to ten days. The very largest tadpoles grow to 5.5 cm long. They become frogs after three or four months. The frogs eat insects and insect-like animals, for example spiders.

Azerbaijani Americans

Azerbaijani Americans () or Azeri Americans () are Americans of the Azerbaijani ancestry from Azerbaijan and Iranian Azerbaijan region or people possessing Azerbaijani, Iranian, and/or American citizenship. Most Azerbaijani Americans have immigrated to the United States from Azerbaijan, Iran, Germany, Georgia, Russia, Turkey and Ukraine.

Lebanese Americans

Lebanese Americans () are Americans of Lebanese descent. This includes both those who are native to the United States as well as Lebanese immigrants to America.

Argentine Americans

Argentine Americans are people in or from the United States who have at least one ancestor from Argentina.

Types of crushing machines

Crushers are machines used to reduce the size of rocks, stones and ore. They are often utilized in aggregates production, construction material recycling and in mining operations. 

There are four traditional types of crushers in materials engineering. They are known as jaw crushers, gyratory crushers, cone crushers and roll crushers. The first two crushers mentioned are the most common when it comes to mineral processing. Roll crushers are a relatively new type of crusher and they are just starting to become more and more popular in mineral processing. 

The main idea behind how jaw crushers work is that there is a hinge plate that moves back and forth with a fixed plate is held up against the prior hinge plate. The beginning of the process has the jaws of the crusher open to receive a rock. The hinge plate, like a big jaw-bone, bites down on the rock and crushes it.

Gyratory crushers have a conical outer wall and a large spindle suspended from a bearing. There is a circular propeller at the bottom of the crusher that oscillates, spins around, really fast and compresses the rocks that enter.

For roll crushers, there are two side by side rolls, one fixed and the other can move a little bit from side to side. The gap between the rollers is what determines the output size of the rocks. Forcing rocks through these gaps produces a large amount of shear stress on them and causes them to break apart.

Cone Crushers are compression-type crushers that are typically found in secondary crushing stages but can be used as the primary crusher in certain applications. They handle medium hard to very hard, abrasive materials that can be dry or wet but not sticky. Cone Crushers are typically found in quarried materials and sand and gravel applications.

Bisection method

The bisection method is a way to estimate solutions for single equations. When we solve one equation, this method can help us to get a number that is very close to the real solution. 

Think about a continuous function F(x). If the curve of F(x) passes through the x-axis, it means that there must be one specific x number which makes F(x) = 0, in other words, a solution. But how to judge whether the curve passes the x-axis or not? We pick one section with lower boundary a1 and upper boundary b1. Then we calculate F(a) and F(b). If F(b) has different signal with F(a) (or F(a)*F(b) < 0), the F(x) curve will pass through the x-axis in this section, which means F(x) must have a solution in this section. In this way, we can estimate a range of the solution. 

To make our estimation more precise, we need to shorten the range which contains the solution. We divide this section into two equal parts: ( a , a/2+b/2) and (a/2+b/2, b). Then we apply the same method to judge whether there is a solution in each section. If there is no solutions in one section( F(a)*F(a/2+b/2) > 0 or F(a/2+b/2)*F(b)> 0), we ignore this section. If there is a solution in one section (F(a)*F(a/2+b/2) < 0 or F(a/2+b/2)*F(b) < 0), we continue to shorten the range until the range is smaller than the error of estimation we expected. Finally, we take the middle point of the final range as a solution of F(x).

Deaths in 2021

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in 2021. For deaths in each month, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.




Deaths in January 2021

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in January 2021. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Deaths in February 2021

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in February 2021. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.
































Deaths in March 2021

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in March 2021. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Deaths in April 2021

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in April 2021. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.


































Deaths in May 2021

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in May 2021. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Deaths in June 2021

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in June 2021. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.


































Deaths in July 2021

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in July 2021. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Deaths in August 2021

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in August 2021. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Deaths in September 2021

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in September 2021. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.


































Deaths in October 2021

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in October 2021. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Deaths in November 2021

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in November 2021. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of death, must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.


































Deaths in December 2021

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in December 2021. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of death, must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Valorant

Valorant (stylized as VALORANT) is a free-to-play multiplayer tactical first-person shooter developed and published by Riot Games, for Microsoft Windows. First talked about under the codename "Project A" in October 2019, the game began a closed beta period with limited access on April 7, 2020, followed by official release on June 2, 2020.

Nernst equation

Nernst Equation is a scientific equation used to find the reduction potential or voltage of an electrochemical cell. It is widely used in cell physiology and neurobiology. It is named after . He was a German chemist who created this equation. 

This equation can be used to check which combination of chemicals will be suitable to construct a powerful electric cell.

Nernst Equation:

formula_1

where 

E = Reduction potential or voltage of the electrochemical cell. In SI units, the voltage counts the one kilogram blocks you have to push one meter for each 6.2x10 electrons you move across the cell. In a perfect world, every time a 9 volt battery moves 6.2x10 electrons, we could harness the slow-moving electrons to move 9 blocks one meter.

E = Standard potential of the cell. It is the reduction potential of the cell or voltage under standard conditions (Temperature = 298 Kelvin, Pressure = 1 bar).

R = Gas constant. It is an important constant used in thermodynamics. Its value is 8.314 J.K.mol.

T = Temperature of the electrochemical cell in Kelvin.

z = Number of moles of electrons that got transferred when reduction took place.

F  = Faraday constant. It is equal to the charge carried by 1 mole of electrons. Faraday constant = 96,485.3329 s Ampere/mole.

Q = Reaction quotient of the chemical reaction that is driving the cell.

When the reduction potential of a cell = 0 V, it is in equilibrium. At equilibrium, the reaction quotient Q = K (equilibrium constant).

Thermodynamics in nutrition

The law of conservation of energy states that energy cannot be created or destroyed. It can only be transformed from one form to another. This law also applies to nutrition. 

Many experts disagree with the belief of counting calories as a method to lose bodyfat. 1 pound of bodyfat roughly equals 3500 calories. Therefore, eating 500 calories less everyday for 7 days straight would result in exactly 1 pound of loss in bodyfat. Several studies have proven this to be false solidifying the belief that counting calories does not work. This disparity can be explained.

1. Thermic effect of food: 1 calorie of protein is not the same as 1 calorie of carbohydrates or fats. The body requires energy to digest food. Fats require only 0-3% of the total energy from food to get digested. Carbohydrates require 5-10% of energy while proteins require 20-30% of energy. Therefore, the macronutrient profile (protein, carbohydrates and fats ratio) play an important role in weight loss.

2. NEAT: Non exercise activity thermogenesis or NEAT is the amount of energy a person uses during daily activities. Examples of NEAT include jittering, walking, brushing teeth and even writing. People generally feel weaker when they consume less calories so they tend to move less reducing NEAT.

3. Miscounting calories: Studies have shown that over 90% of the population underestimate their daily caloric consumption. 

Ultimately, calories consumed versus calories spent will always hold true. In order to lose weight, one must consume less calories and move more.

Angle grinder

An angle grinder is a handheld power tool. It is also known as a disc grinder or side grinder. They are commonly used in machine shops and metal workshops. Most angle grinders today are powered by electricity. They can be corded or battery-powered. Angle grinders can be used for cutting, grinding, and polishing objects.

There are different kinds of discs that are used for various materials and tasks. Angle grinders can use grinding stones, sanding discs, wire brush wheels, cut-off discs, abrasive grinding discs, and polishing pads. Angle grinders come in different disc sizes and motor specifications. Other differences include a power source, rpm, and arbor size. Generally disc size and power increase together. Disc size is measured in imperial or metric units. Pneumatic grinders are generally used for lighter duty jobs where more precision is required. Electric grinders are more commonly used for larger, heavy-duty jobs.

Angle grinders generate sparks when cutting ferrous metals. The blades on the angle grinder may also break during operation. Proper personal protective equipment must always be worn when using an angle grinder. Angle grinders should never be used without their guard or handle attached. Inspect the discs for cracks, defects, and wear before using an angle grinder.

Demis Hassabis

Demosthenes "Demis" Hassabis (born 27 July 1976) is a significant figure in artificial intelligence. He is a British researcher, neuroscientist, video game designer, entrepreneur, and five times winner of the Pentamind board games championship. 

Hassabis is the CEO and co-founder of DeepMind, a machine learning AI startup, founded in London in 2010 with Shane Legg and Mustafa Suleyman. Hassabis met Legg when both were postdocs at University College London's Gatsby Computational Neuroscience Unit, and he and Suleyman had been friends through family. Hassabis also recruited his university friend and Elixir partner David Silver.
DeepMind's mission is to "solve intelligence" and then use intelligence "to solve everything else". More concretely, DeepMind aims to use powerful general-purpose learning algorithms to build an artificial general intelligence (AGI).

The company was bought by Google for £400 million. 

They created AlphaGo, a program which defeated world champion Lee Sedol at the complex game of Go. Go had been considered a holy grail of AI, for its high number of possible board positions and resistance to existing programming techniques. However, AlphaGo beat European champion Fan Hui 5-0 in October 2015 before winning 4-1 against former world champion Lee Sedol in March 2016. 

More recently, DeepMind turned its artificial intelligence to protein-folding, one of the toughest problems in science. In December 2018, DeepMind's tool AlphaFold won the 13th Critical Assessment of Techniques for Protein Structure Prediction (CASP) by successfully predicting the most accurate structure for 25 out of 43 proteins.

Although Hassabis is expert at many games, he does not program specific rules into Deep Mind. For Go and chess, the machine played many games with itself, learning from its results. In other words it taught itself how to play, given the basic rules of the game. 


George Carter (basketball)

George Carter (January 10, 1944 – November 18, 2020) was an American professional basketball player. He was a 6'4" swingman. He was born in Buffalo, New York. His career lasted from 1967 to 1977. He played for the Detroit Pistons and for the New York Nets.

Carter died on November 18, 2020 in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 76.

Eduardo Lourenço

Eduardo Lourenço , (23 May 1923 – 1 December 2020) was a Portuguese essayist, professor, critic, philosopher, and writer. He was a professor at the University of Coimbra. He won the Camões Prize in 1996. Lourenço was born in Almeida, Portugal.

Lourenço died on 1 December 2020 in Lisbon at the age of 97.

November 2020 lunar eclipse

A penumbral lunar eclipse took place on 30 November 2020. It was visible mainly in North America with visibility reaching to some other places such as parts of South America and Asia.

DeepMind

DeepMind Technologies is a UK based artificial intelligence company and research laboratory founded in September 2010. It was bought by Google in 2014. The company merged with Google AI's Google Brain division to become Google DeepMind in April 2023. 

The company is based in London, with research centres in Canada, France, and the United States. 


Miguel Algarín

Miguel Algarín Jr. (11 September 1941 – 1 December 2020) was a Puerto Rican poet, historian and writer. He was known as the co-founder of the Nuyorican Poets Café. He was a Rutgers University professor of English. Algarín was born in Santurce, Puerto Rico. He lived most of his life in New York City. He was a Nuyorican poet.

Algarín's books include "Mongo Affair", "On Call" (1980), "Body Bee Calling from the 21st Century" (1982), "Time's Now/Ya es tiempo" (1985), "Love Is Hard Work: Memorias de Loisaida/Poems" (1997, Lower East Side Memories/Poems).

Algarín died on 1 December 2020 in New York City of sepsis, aged 79.




Jim McFarland

James Darrell McFarland (October 4, 1947 – November 27, 2020) was an American football player. He played tight end for six seasons in the National Football League (NFL) with the Buffalo Bills, St. Louis Cardinals, and Miami Dolphins. He was born in North Platte, Nebraska.

After leaving football, he became a member of the Nebraska Legislature between 1986 to 1991 as a Democrat. He unsuccessfully ran for Governor of Nebraska in 1998.

McFarland died of pancreatic cancer on November 27, 2020, in Omaha, Nebraska at age 73.

Dieter Popp

Dieter Popp (24 November 1938 – 27 November 2020) was a West German insurance agent. He worked as a spy between 1969 and 1990. He was born in Bonn. He was a spy for the of the East German National People's Army.

Popp died on 27 November 2020, three days after his 82nd birthday.

Clifton Bertrand

Clifton Bertrand (2 March 1936 – 28 November 2020) was a Trinidadian sprinter. He was born in Arima, Trinidad and Tobago. He won three bronze medals at the Pan American Games in 1959 and 1963. Bertrand also competed during the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics.

Bertrand died on 28 November 2020 in New York City at the age of 84.

Shams Badran

Shams Al Din Badran (; 19 April 1929 – 28 November 2020) was an Egyptian politician. He was Minister of Defence of Egypt during Gamal Abdel Nasser's era from 1966 to 1967. He also was Commander of the Egyptian Armed Forces at the same time. He was removed from the ministry during the Six-Day War and later imprisoned. 

Badran died at a Plymouth, Devon hospital on 28 November 2020 while living in exile since his prison release in 1974, aged 91.

KaTeX

KaTeX is a JavaScript library that shows mathematical notation on any web browser. It aims to be fast and easy to use.

It was initially developed by Khan Academy. This is why it starts from K. KaTeX is known to be one of the top five popular projects on GitHub in September 2014.

KaTeX claims to be:



Miša Aleksić

Miroslav "Miša" Aleksić (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирослав-Миша Алексић, 16 August 1953 — 29 November 2020) was a Serbian musician. He was best known as the bass guitarist for the Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba.

On 29 November 2020, Aleksić died from problems caused by COVID-19 in Belgrade at the age of 67.

José Rafael Barquero Arce

José Rafael Barquero Arce (27 October 1931 – 29 November 2020) was a Costa Rican Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1956. He was titular bishop of 'Arindela' and was auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Alajuela, Costa Rica, from 1979 to 1980. He then was bishop of the diocese from 1980 until 2007.

Barquero Arce died on 29 November 2020 at the age of 89.

Marco Dino Brogi

Marco Dino Brogi, O.F.M. (12 March 1932 – 29 November 2020) was an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church

Brogi was born in Cairo, Egypt. He was became a priest on 5 May 1963. Pope John Paul II made Brogi titular archbishop of Città Ducale, Apostolic Nuncio to Sudan, and Apostolic Delegate to Somalia on 13 December 1997. Pope John Paul named him Apostolic Nuncio to Egypt and Apostolic Delegate to the Arab League on 5 February 2002.

Brogi ended his service as Nuncio on 27 January 2006. Benedict named him a Consultor to the Congregation for the Oriental Churches on 15 September 2007.

Brogi died on 29 November 2020 in Rome at the age of 88.

Delian League

The Delian League was founded in 478 BC. It was an association of Greek city-states under the leadership of Athens. The League had a many cities: at various times between 150 and 330. 

The League was led by Athens to continue fighting the Persian Empire. The Greeks had won the Battle of Plataea at the end of the Second Persian invasion of Greece. 

The League's modern name comes from its official meeting place, the island of Delos, where congresses were held in the temple. The treasury stood there, until Pericles moved it to Athens in 454 BC.

Soon after the League was set up, Athens began to use the League's funds for its own purposes. This led to conflict between Athens and the less powerful members of the League. By 431 BC, the League presented a threat to Sparta. This, and Athens's heavy-handed control of the League, started the Peloponnesian War. The League was dissolved after the war's end in 404 BC by the order of Lysander, the Spartan commander.

Irina Antonova

Irina Aleksandrovna Antonova () (20 March 1922 – 30 November 2020) was a Russian art historian. He was a Director of the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts in Moscow for 52 years, from 1961 to 2013. She was the oldest and the longest serving director of a major art museum in the world. 

Antonova was honored with the State Prize of the Russian Federation and the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. She was the President of the Pushkin Museum.

Antonova died of COVID-19 at a Moscow hospital on 30 November 2020 at the age of 98.

Dee Benson

Dee Vance Benson (August 25, 1948 – November 30, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was born in Sandy, Utah. He was nominated to the United States District Court for the District of Utah in 1991 by President George H. W. Bush. From 1999 to 2006, he was chief justice of the court. 

Benson died of brain cancer on November 30, 2020 at his home in Salt Lake City, Utah at the age of 72.


Sandy, Utah

Sandy is a city in the Salt Lake City metropolitan area, located in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. The population of Sandy was 96,904 at the 2020 census. 

Tan Eng Bock

Tan Eng Bock (29 April 1936 – 30 November 2020) was a Singaporean water polo player He competed in the men's tournament at the 1956 Summer Olympics.

Tan died in Singapore on 30 November 2020 at the age of 84.

Ben Bova

Benjamin William Bova (November 8, 1932November 29, 2020) was an American writer. He was the author of more than 120 works of science fiction. He was a six-time winner of the Hugo Award. 

He was an editor of "Analog Magazine", an editorial director of "Omni"; he was also president of both the National Space Society and the Science Fiction Writers of America. He was known for his "Grand Tour" novel series.

Bova died on November 29, 2020 at a hospital in Naples, Florida from pneumonia and a stroke caused by COVID-19, aged 88.

Abhay Bharadwaj

Abhay Ganpathrai Bharadwaj (2 April 1954 – 1 December 2020) was a Ugandan-born Indian politician, activist and lawyer. He was born in Kampala, Uganda.

Bharadwaj was a member of the Rajya Sabha from 22 July 2020 until his death. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He also was a member of the national Law Commission from 2016 to 2018.

Bharadwaj died of COVID-19 on 1 December 2020 at a hospital in Chennai, India at the age of 66.

Tableau vivant

A tableau vivant is when people pose and make the scene look like the one in a picture. People in a tableau vivant don't move or speak. The name comes from French, and translates as "living picture". The plural is tableaux vivants. 

In Europe, tableaux vivants became popular towards the end of the 19th century. Sometimes, there was even music. Jean Sibelius composed his work "Finlandia" (1900) for a sequence of tableaux vivants.

At the beginning of the 20th century, they became notorious, because usually naked women would present them in revue theatres. The dancer Olga Desmond became well-known because of her posing naked in revues at the beginning of the 20th century.

Gillette Stadium

The Gillette Stadium is a stadium in Foxborough, Massachusetts. It is the home stadium of NFL team New England Patriots and MLS team New England Revolution.


SpongeBob SquarePants: Battle for Bikini Bottom

SpongeBob SquarePants: Battle for Bikini Bottom is a 2003 platformer video game based on the acclaimed animated TV show "SpongeBob SquarePants".

The game lets you play as either SpongeBob, Patrick or Sandy. SpongeBob can switch places with either Patrick or Sandy in the levels. They have to collect Patrick's socks, shiny objects and Golden Spatulas to progress through the game.

Plankton has made a robot army.

The game had mixed to positive reviews but became a cult classic among speedrunners.

Legacy of Kain: Defiance

Legacy of Kain: Defiance is a 2003 platform/action game released for various platforms. It is the fifth entry of the "Legacy of Kain" franchise.

The player can switch between the material and soul realms as Razel and attack enemies as Kain.

Kain has reunited with Raziel and knows that the Elder God is evil.

The game was made after the success after Soul Reaver 2 and Blood Omen 2.

The game had great reviews but didn't sell well.

Thomas and the Magic Railroad

Thomas and the Magic Railroad is a 2000 British-American live-action/animated fantasy adventure movie based on "Thomas the Tank Engine" and "Shining Time Station". The Fat Controller is on holiday while Thomas the Tank Engine and his friends were working hard . 


By 2020, a workprint of the movie has been released including narration done by Mara Wilson instead of Alec Baldwin.

The movie got mixed to negative reviews, including from British reviewers.


Turtles Forever

Turtles Forever is a 2009 television movie based on the "TMNT" franchise. It is a crossover between the 1984 comics, 1987 cartoon and 2003 cartoon.

The 4Kids crew weren't able to get the voice cast of the 1987 show involved due to that the show was recorded in Los Angeles instead of New York.


Scary Movie 2

Scary Movie 2 is an American comedy movie. It is a parody of horror movies. It is directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans. It stars Anna Faris Regina Hall, Marlon Wayans and Shawn Wayans. It was released to mixed reviews on July 7, 2001.

Marlon Brando was going to have a role but he wouldn't make it due to his declining health.

Marcus Terentius Varro

Marcus Terentius Varro Reatinus (116 – 27 BC) was a Roman writer. He wrote many books, but only one work survives completely - "Three books on Agriculture". In this work, he describes farming in Roman times. 

Scholars say this book has a little microbiology and epidemiology. Varro warned his contemporaries to stay away from swamps and marshes: 

...there are bred certain minute creatures which cannot be seen by the eyes, but which float in the air and enter the body through the mouth and nose and cause serious diseases.

Cassie Cage

Cassie Cage is a fictional character in the "Mortal Kombat" games for video game consoles. She is the daughter of Johnny Cage and Sonya Blade.

She was portrayed in games by Ashley Burch and Erica Lindbeck.

Cassie has been well-liked for her appealing personality and gameplay.

Vipassana

Vipassanā (Pāli) or vipaśyanā (Sanskrit) is a Buddhist word that is usually translated as "insight". It is a form of meditation which aims to have "insight into the true nature of reality."

Ananke (mythology)

Ananke means personification of fate in Greek mythology. 

1992 United Kingdom general election

A general election was held on 9 April 1992 to elect all 651 members to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The Conservative Party won the election, winning 336 seats, and John Major stayed as Prime Minister. Many people thought that the Labour Party would win the election because opinion polls had shown them to be ahead.

1987 United Kingdom general election

A general election was held on 11 June 1987 to elect all 650 members to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The Conservative Party won the election, winning 376 seats, and Margaret Thatcher stayed as Prime Minister for the third election in a row. The Labour Party won 20 more seats than the last election, mostly from the Conservatives.


1983 United Kingdom general election

A general election was held on 9 June 1983 to elect all 650 members to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The Conservative Party won by the largest majority since Labour in the 1945 general election. It meant that Margaret Thatcher stayed as Prime Minister.

1400

Year 1400 (MCD) was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Julian calendar. The year 1400 wasn't a leap year in the Proleptic Gregorian calendar.




Richard II of England

Geoffrey Chaucer


Omnisexuality

Omnisexuality is a sexual orientation. A person who is omnisexual can be attracted to all genders. Gender will usually play a role in the person's attraction. It can be seen as a form of multisexuality, or non-monosexuality.

Omnisexuality can be described as being under the umbrella of bisexuality. It is similar to, but distinctly different from pansexuality. Omnisexuality is the attraction to all genders, but gender will play a role in that attraction.

Moller's tree frog

The Iberian tree frog or Moller's tree frog ("Hyla molleri") is a frog from Europe. Scientists saw it in Spain, Portugal and France.

My Grandfather's Clock

"My Grandfather's Clock" is a song written by Henry Clay Work in 1876. He also wrote "Marching Through Georgia". British brass bands and colliery bands play "My Grandfather's Clock". Bluegrass musicians also play it.

The "Oxford English Dictionary" says the name "grandfather clock" comes from this song. Before that, grandfather clocks were called "longcase clocks". In 1905, Harry Macdonough and the Haydn Quartet (known then as the "Edison Quartet") made the first recording of this song that people know about.

Henry Clay Work saw a clock in a Piercebridge hotel and thought of the song.

The song is told from a grandchild's point of view. The song is about their grandfather's clock.

The clock is purchased on the morning of the grandfather's birth and works perfectly for 90 years, requiring only that it be wound at the end of each week.

The clock seems to know good and bad things that happen in the grandfather's life: It rings 24 chimes when the grandfather brings his new wife into his house. Near the grandfather's death, it rings an alarm, so the family gathers by his bed. After the grandfather dies, the clock stops and it never works again.

Work wrote a sequel to the song two years later. The grandchild is the narrator again. The grandson says he is sad that the clock no longer works. The clock is sold to a junk dealer, who sells its parts and sells its case for people to burn. In the grandfather's house, the clock is replaced by a wall clock. The grandchild does not like the wall clock and calls it "that vain, stuck-up thing on the wall". The sequel was never as popular as the original.

The song was performed and translated many times. In the Czech version, sung by the country band Taxmeni, the song continues with an additional, joyful part, narrating further events in the grandson's life: the birth of his son and the purchase of a new clock on the same day, to maintain the family tradition.

"My Grandfather's Clock" was often played in Britain on "Children's Favourites". It was recorded by the Radio Revellers. In the United States, a version, without the last stanza of lyrics was recorded on an extended-play 45 rpm vinyl record on the Peter Pan label. (The other song on that side was "The Syncopated Clock", and the other side had "The Arkansas Traveler" and "Red River Valley".) Johnny Cash covered the song on his 1959 album "Songs of Our Soil". Evelyn Knight recorded the song for Decca Records. In 1959, it was included on the Four Lads' album, "Swing Along". Other versions became popular in other countries, for example, in Japan, singer Ken Hirai performed a cover, which became massively popular in 2002.

In March 1961, on his album "Swing Low", Sam Cooke sang the song.

Bing Crosby sang the song in a medley on his album "101 Gang Songs" (1961).

The song was the inspiration for the 1963 "Twilight Zone" episode "Ninety Years Without Slumbering".

The Big 3 recorded the song in their album "Live at the Recording Studio" in 1964

A popular clock toy, marketed by Fisher-Price from 1962 to 1968, had a dial on it that, when turned, caused the music box mechanism in the toy to play the song along with clock-like ticking and moving hands on the face of the clock. A new version of the toy (which is completely made of plastic and has other activities like a clicking plastic mouse on the side) has been manufactured by Fisher-Price since 1994. Other companies have also made imitations of the toy worldwide.

Jon Pertwee recorded a version in 1966 for the children's album "Children's Favourites", on the Music for Pleasure record label.

John Fahey recorded a solo guitar version on his 1967 album "Days Have Gone By".

Joan Morris recorded it in 1975, on "Who Shall Rule This American Nation (Nonesuch)", an album of songs by Work.

In 1983, Fred Penner, a Canadian children's entertainer, covered "My Grandfather's Clock" on the LP album "Special Delivery", which was later rereleased as "Ebenezer Sneezer" on CD in 1994.

Red Grammer recorded the song on his 1994 family music recording, "Down The Do Re Mi".

The Kenneth Williams character Rambling Syd Rumpo wrote a joke version of this song, "My Grandfather's Grunge", on the BBC radio show "Round the Horne". It was written by Barry Took and Marty Feldman.

Garrison Keillor and the cast of the radio show "A Prairie Home Companion" recorded a parody titled "My Grandmother's Cat", telling the story of an old woman who overfed her cat until it was big enough to knock her down and try to eat her.

"My Grandfather's Clock" is a playable song in the 2008 video game "Wii Music".

This song was also used in the video game, "Five Nights at Freddy's 2", made by Scott Cawthon. It was released on November 10, 2014. The chorus of the song plays whenever a music box is wound up to keep one of the game's animatronic enemies away.

It was also sung by Maple and Cinnamon in the third volume of "Nekopara" visual novel series.

The City Green in Union Park of Middletown, Connecticut includes this bust of the author near his birthplace.

My grandfather's clock was too large for the shelf,

So it stood ninety years on the floor;

It was taller by half than the old man himself,

Though it weighed not a pennyweight more.

It was bought on the morn of the day that he was born,

And was always his treasure and pride;

But it stopp'd short — never to go again —

When the old man died.

In watching its pendulum swing to and fro,

Many hours had he spent while a boy.

And in childhood and manhood the clock seemed to know

And to share both his grief and his joy.

For it struck twenty-four when he entered at the door,

With a blooming and beautiful bride;

But it stopped short — never to go again —

When the old man died.

My grandfather said that of those he could hire,

Not a servant so faithful he found;

For it wasted no time, and had but one desire —

At the close of each week to be wound.

And it kept in its place — not a frown upon its face,

And its hands never hung by its side.

But it stopped short — never to go again —

When the old man died.

It rang an alarm in the dead of the night —

An alarm that for years had been dumb;

And we knew that his spirit was pluming for flight —

That his hour of departure had come.

Still the clock kept the time, with a soft and muffled chime,

As we silently stood by his side;

But it stopped short — never to go again —

When the old man died.



Maltese Americans

Maltese Americans are Americans of Maltese descent.

Lithuanian Americans

Lithuanian Americans refers to American citizens and residents who are Lithuanian and were born in Lithuania, or are of Lithuanian descent. New Philadelphia, Pennsylvania has the largest percentage of Lithuanian Americans (20.8%) in the United States. Lithuanian Americans form by far the largest group within the Lithuanian diaspora.

Antica Dolceria Bonajuto

Antica Dolceria Bonajuto is a chocolate factory founded in Modica in 1880, known as the oldest in Sicily and one of the oldest in Italy.
Francesco Bonajuto founded the current place in 1880 but with the name of Caffè Roma, a socialist inspired meeting place, which became Antica Dolceria Bonajuto in 1992.

Over the years many illustrious people of the chocolate shop have been, among them: writer, journalist and art critic Leonardo Sciascia, his friend and colleague Gesualdo Bufalino, or American Journalists Raymond Walter Apple Jr. of the New York Times and Frederika Randall of the Wall Street Journal.

In 1911 Francesco Bonajuto's chocolates won the gold medal at the Turin Universal Exposition (1911) which was organized in conjunction with other national exhibitions such as those in Rome (where Bonajuto was awarded) and Florence.




Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show controversy

The 38th Super Bowl was shown on television as it was happening on February 1, 2004 on CBS. The halftime show of the Super Bowl got controversy when Janet Jackson's breast was revealed by Justin Timberlake to everyone watching the show. This caused a big debate on broadcasting things that people might see as offensive.

MTV was the producer of the halftime show. 143.6 million people watched the halftime show when it first happened. The incident with Jackson and Timberlake made CBS and MTV remove Jackson's songs from its radio and television channels. The Federal Communications Commission gave CBS a fine of US$27,500 for the incident. The fine was made bigger for US$325,000 and then even bigger, for US$550,000. The Third Circuit Court of Appeals removed the fine in 2011. The FCC tried to put another fine on CBS in 2012, but it was rejected.

The incident made Janet Jackson the most searched words ever on the Internet. It also became the most watched event on TiVo and made 35,000 people become new subscribers to TiVo. The term "wardrobe malfunction" (meaning an error related to clothing) was made because of the incident. It was later added to "Webster's Dictionary".

Abdur Rahman Khan

Abdur Rahman Khan was Emir of Afghanistan from 1880 to 1901. He is known for uniting the country after years of internal fighting and negotiation of the Durand Line Agreement with British India. Abdur Rahman Khan was the first child and only son of Mohammad Afzal Khan, and grandson of Dost Mohammad Khan.

Blue Whale Challenge

The Blue Whale Challenge, also called Blue Whale game, or simply Blue whale is an internet phenomenon that started in 2016, in Russia. Over a period of 50 days, participants are assigned tasks. Each participant gets one task a day. At first, the tasks are harmless (such as: get up at 4.30am, and watch a horror movie). Later, the tasks require the participants to hurt themselves. The final task requires the player to commit suicide.

When people want to quit, they are threatened. Sometimes, this includes threats to the family of the participant.

The first to report on this was the Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta, in 2016. It linked many suicides of children. All these children had been members of the group "F57", in the Russian social network called VK. The article claimed there were 130 suicides because of the challenge. The article was later criticized, because it made connections where none existed. None of the suicides were found to be related to the activities of the group. There were several suicides which have been linked to the challenge. So far, no link has been proven.

Two girls in Irkutslk, aged 14 and 15 years committed suicide together, after solving 50 tasks. They jumped off a building. Another 14 year old threw herself in front of a train.

The Way It Is (Keyshia Cole album)

The Way It Is is the debut studio album by American R&B singer Keyshia Cole; it was released on June 21, 2005, by A&M Records. The album debuted at number 6 on the US "Billboard" 200 and it was supported by five singles, including "Never", "I Changed My Mind", "(I Just Want It) To Be Over", "I Should Have Cheated" and "Love". The album sold 89,000 units in its first week.

The album was certified gold within 17 weeks, and then platinum, only eight weeks later. The album stayed on the charts for over a year, eventually selling over 1.6 million copies and it is Cole's second highest-selling album to date.

Upon its release, "The Way It is" garnered generally favorable reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a rated mean out of 100 from mainstream critics, the album received a score of 77. Andy Kellman of Allmusic rated the album four out of five stars. He felt that "from the opener, the album seems to be set up like a linear narrative about a crumbling relationship, but it doesn't quite play out that way, with the scenes shuffled out of order. None of it's all that profound, but Cole sells it all extremely well. [Her] voice is sweet and ringing, like a wiser version of Lil' Mo who has had to weather a tremendous amount of drama. She could be around for a while." Janet Tzou, writing for "Entertainment Weekly" found that "Cole certainly nails all the basics on "The Way It Is": big-name guest talent and husky ballads lamenting those tricky matters of the heart. But Cole's native Oakland, California upbringing gives her vocals depth and her songs a genuine, lived-in feel."






Arecibo Telescope

The Arecibo Telescope is now destroyed by a collapse.

The radio telescope was a spherical reflector dish built into a natural sinkhole at the Arecibo Observatory which was completed in November 1963. 

For more than 50 years, the Arecibo Telescope was the world's largest single-aperture telescope. In July 2016 the Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Telescope (FAST) in China was put into service.

On 19 November 2020, the National Science Foundation announced that they would close and dismantle the telescope. On 1 December 2020, the telescope collapsed.

Pfizer–BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine

Pfizer–BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine is a COVID-19 vaccine, developed by BioNTech, Pfizer and Fosun Pharmaceutical.

The vaccine is given by injection. It is an RNA vaccine made of nucleoside-modified mRNA which is meant to create spike protein of SARS-CoV-2. 

Mony Elkaïm

Mony Elkaïm (7 November 1941 – 20 November 2020) was a Moroccan-Belgian psychiatrist and psychotherapist. He was a part of the anti-psychiatry movement in the 1970s. He was born in Marrakesh, French Morocco.

Elkaïm died on 20 November 2020 in Brussels at the age of 79.

Bonifácio Piccinini

Bonifácio Piccinini (13 May 1929 – 28 November 2020) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic archbishop. He became a priest in 1960. He was titular archbishop of Turres in Byzacena and as coadjutor archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cuiabá Brazil, from 1975 to 1981 and as archbishop of the archdiocese from 1981 to 2004.

Piccinini died on 28 November 2020 at the age of 91.

Peg Murray

Margaret L. "Peg" Murray (February 14, 1924 – November 29, 2020) was an American actress. She was born in Denver, Colorado. She won a Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Musical for her performance as the villain "Fräulein Kost" in the original Broadway production of "Cabaret" (1966). 

Murray died on November 29, 2020 in Southold, New York at the age of 96.

Southold, New York

The Town of Southold is one of ten towns in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 23,732 at the 2020 census.

Southold (CDP), New York

Southold is a census-designated place (CDP) that is in the Town of Southold in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The CDP population was 6,040 at the 2020 census.

Ali-Asghar Shahbazi

Ali-Asghar Shahbazi (; November 1922 – 29 November 2020) was an Iranian actor. He was born in Tehran. He was known for his role as Nader's father in the 2011 drama "A Separation".

Shahbazi died on 29 November 2020 in Tehran from cardiopulmonary arrest at the age of 98.

Liliane Juchli

Liliane Juchli (19 October 1933 – 30 November 2020) was a Swiss nurse and writer. She was a member of the Merciful Sisters of the Holy Cross. She was the main author of an important German-language nursing textbook which was called "the Juchli". She was born in Obersiggenthal, Switzerland.

Juchli died in Bern, Switzerland from COVID-19 on 30 November 2020 at the age of 87.

Roger Chappot

Roger Chappot (17 October 1940 – 7 April 2020) was a Swiss professional ice hockey player. He played for HC Villars and Genève-Servette HC in the National League A. He also represented the Swiss national team at the 1964 Winter Olympics.

Chappot died from COVID-19 during the pandemic on 8 April 2020 at the age of 79.

Aleksandr Shatskikh

Aleksandr Shatskikh (21 January 1974 – 30 November 2020) was a Kazakh footballer. He played as a striker. He was born in Taldıqorğan, Kazakhstan. His career lasted from 1990 to 2009.

Shatskikh played club football for Zhetysu / Taldykorgan, Qaynar, Chkalovets, Astana Aqmola / Zhenis Astana, Irtysh Pavlodar, CSKA-Qayrat Almaty, Esil Bogatyr, Megasport and Lokomotiv Astana.

He appeared once for the Kazakhstan national team in 2003.

Shatskikh died on 30 November 2020, aged 46.

Anne Sylvestre

Anne Sylvestre (, born Anne-Marie Beugras 20 June 1934 – 30 November 2020) was a French singer-songwriter and guitarist. She was born in Lyon, France. She was known for her children's songs such as "Fabulettes" (1962). She also appeared many times as a musical guest on the television program "Discorama".

Sylvestre died in Paris on 30 November 2020 from problems caused by a stroke, aged 86.

Dennis W. Sciama

Dennis William Siahou Sciama, (; 18 November 1926 – 18/19 December 1999) was a British physicist. He was an important scientist for the development of British physics after the Second World War. 

He was the PhD supervisor to many famous cosmologists, including Stephen Hawking, Martin Rees and David Deutsch. He is seen as one of the fathers of modern cosmology.

Jane Hawking

Jane Beryl Wilde Hawking Jones (born 29 March 1944) is an English author and teacher. She was married for 30 years to Stephen Hawking. She was born in St Albans, Hertfordshire, England. In 1999 she wrote an autobiography about her first marriage, "Music to Move the Stars: A Life with Stephen".

Hawking was played by Felicity Jones in the 2014 movie "The Theory of Everything".


Isaak Markovich Khalatnikov

Isaak Markovich Khalatnikov (; ; 17 October 1919 – 9 January 2021) was a Soviet-born physicist. He was known for his role in developing the BKL conjecture in general relativity. Khalatnikov was born in Dnipro, Ukraine.

Khalatnikov directed the Landau Institute for Theoretical Physics in Moscow from 1965 to 1992. He was elected to the Soviet Academy of Sciences in 1984. In 1994, he became a fellow at the Royal Society.

Khalatnikov died in Chernogolovka, Russia on 9 January 2021, aged 101.

Supreme Court of the United Kingdom

The Supreme Court (initialism: UKSC or the acronym: SCOTUK) is the final court of appeal in the United Kingdom for civil cases, and for criminal cases from England, Wales and Northern Ireland. 

It hears cases of the greatest public or constitutional importance.

Luciano Guerzoni (born 1938)

Luciano Guerzoni (1 April 1938 – 1 December 2020) was an Italian Communist politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies three times representing Parma for his first two terms from 1983 to 1992, and Mirandola in his final term from 1994 to 1996. Guerzoni was born in Naples, Italy.

Guerzoni died on 1 December 2020 in Modena, Italy at the age of 82.

Brian Kerr, Baron Kerr of Tonaghmore

Brian Francis Kerr, Baron Kerr of Tonaghmore, (; 22 February 1948 – 1 December 2020) was a British politician and lawyer. 

He was Lord Chief Justice of Northern Ireland and then as a Justice of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom from 2009 until his retirement in 2020. Until his retirement, Kerr was the longest serving Supreme Court Justice, and the last original member of the Court.

Kerr died on 1 December 2020 at the age of 72.

Mohammad Maleki

Mohammad Maleki (; 11 July 1933 – 1 December 2020) was an Iranian academic and pro-democracy nationalist-religious activist. He was president of the University of Tehran for a short time in 1979.

Maleki died of cancer and diabetes in Tehran on 1 December 2020 at the age of 87.

Erlend Rian

Erlend Rian (15 June 1941 – 1 December 2020) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Conservative Party. He was editor-in-chief of the newspaper "Tromsø" from 1974 to 1979. He was mayor of Tromsø City from 1980 to 1995.

Rian died on 1 December 2020 in Tromsø at the age of 79.

Henri Teissier

Henri Antoine Marie Teissier (21 July 1929 – 1 December 2020) was a French-Algerian Catholic prelate. He was the Bishop of Algiers and Archbishop Emeritus of Algiers from 1998 to 2008. He was born in Lyon, France.

Teissier died on 1 December 2020 at a hospital in Lyon from problems caused by multiple strokes at the age of 91.

Moreirense F.C.

Moreirense Futebol Clube is a Portuguese professional football club based in Moreira de Cónegos, Guimarães Municipality, in Minho. It was founded on 1 November 1938 and it plays in the Primeira Liga.


Mohamed Abarhoun

Mohamed Abarhoun (3 May 1989 2 December 2020) was a Moroccan professional footballer. He played as a defender.

Abarhoun joined Portguese Primeira Liga club Moreirense in 2017. After two seasons he joined Turkish club Çaykur Rizespor.

Abarhoun played nine games for the Morocco U20 team and eight for the Morocco U23 team, including three at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He made his senior international debut in 2013, earning 7 international caps.

In February 2020, Abarhoun was diagnosed with stomach cancer. He died from the disease on 2 December 2020 in Istanbul, aged 31.

Hasna Begum

Hasna Begum (February 24, 1935 – December 1, 2020) was a Bangladeshi philosopher and feminist. She was a professor of philosophy at the University of Dhaka until her retirement in December 2000. Begum was born in Dhaka, Bangladesh.

Begum was chair of the Department of Philosophy at the University of Dhaka from 1991 to 1994 and was appointed to the University Grants Commission (UGC) of Bangladesh's Rokeya Chair in 2010. 

She was a board member of the International Association of Bioethics (IAB) from 1997 to 2005. She was a member of the editorial board of "Bioethics".

Begum died at a Dhaka hospital on December 1, 2020 from COVID-19 at the age of 85. 

Boris Plotnikov

Boris Grigoryevich Plotnikov (; 2 April 1949 – 2 December 2020) was a Soviet and Russian actor. His career began in 1970 and he retired in 2019. Plotnikov appeared in more than seventy movies and television series. He was born in Nevyansk, Soviet Union.

His best known roles were as Sotnikov in the 1977 drama movie "The Ascent", as Nikolai in the 1988 crime movie "The Cold Summer of 1953" and as Ivan in the 1988 science fiction television movie "Heart of a Dog".

Plotnikov died on 2 December 2020 in Moscow from COVID-19 at the age of 71.

Defection

Defection is when a person leaves their home country in a way the home country claims to be illegal. To the first country, they can be seen as traitors.
It is a political label used by authoritarian countries.

More broadly, it involves abandoning a person, cause, or doctrine to which one is bound by some tie. The tie may be one of allegiance or of duty.

An example of this today are North Koreans who escape the country to live in a new country, such as South Korea or the United States. The North Korean government makes leaving the country without permission illegal, and punishments for this are extremely harsh. Escapees who are caught usually get sent to a prison camp or are publicly put to death. There have been around 33,000 defectors from North Korea since the North Korean famine.

Dolichostyrax longipes

Dolichostyrax longipes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1913 and is known from Borneo.

Bullseye (mascot)

Bullseye is the mascot of Target Corporation. It is a Bull Terrier that is used for Target's advertising and marketing starting in 1999. The dog has the Target logo on its left eye. The makeup used for the logo is natural and non-toxic. 

There have been many Bull Terriers that have had the role of Bullseye. Only one dog works as Bullseye at a time until another one can get the role. Bullseye lives on a ranch next to Los Angeles. Its owner is dog trainer David McMillan. In 2004, Target asked the artist Amy Brazil to make a painting of Bullseye. Brazil made an 8 ft by 8 ft portrait of Bullseye. The portrait is now in Target's headquarters in Minnesota.

Spark plug

A spark plug also known as a "sparking plug", is a device used in delivering the electric current to the air-fuel mixture in the combustion chamber in an internal combustion engine. It’s connected to the ignition coil and as the electricity flows through the coil, a voltage difference develops between the electrodes on the spark plug. This causes electricity to jump the gap, making a spark which ignites fuel.

Sabrina Ferilli

Sabrina Ferilli (born 28 June 1964) is an Italian actress. She played Ramona in the 2013 movie "The Great Beauty".

Hyla orientalis

Hyla orientalis (also known as the oriental tree frog, eastern tree frog, Caucasian tree frog or Shelkovnikov's tree frog) is a frog from both Europe and Asia. Scientists saw it in Turkey, Romania, Poland, Ukraine, Georgia, Russia, Iran, Azerbaijan and Armenia. It may also live in Greece.

Scientists used to think this frog was part of "Hyla arborea" but they do not think so now.

Dewberry

A dewberry ("Rubus caesius") is a type of berry. It is similar to a blackberry. Dewberries are very dark blue.

Flash (camera)

A camera flash, sometimes called a strobe or just a flash, is a device used in photography to allow pictures to be taken of dark areas by producing a flash of very bright light.
Flashes are often built into cameras, but external flashes are available and are mostly used by professional photographers, they can be mounted directly to the camera, or used 'off-camera' on a special stand or tripod.

Flashes were first used in the late 1800's in the form of a stick with magnesium on the top that when burned would produce very bright light (the stick was held in the air, and the camera shutter released at the same time), later camera flashes used a special type of light bulb known as a flashbulb, and modern flashes use LED's or a special type of tube which emits a flash of mostly blue light when electricity is applied to it from the flash capacitor (known as a xenon flashtube).
The use of a flash to take photographs is mostly known as 'flash photography' 

The use of flashes is not allowed in some places where it may be annoying to other people or where the bright light could damage rare or very old objects (like paintings) such as in a museum.

Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut

Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut is a 2006 director's cut of "Superman II".


Many people considered it better than the 1980 theatrical release.

Scrat: Spaced Out

Scrat: Spaced Out is a 2019 American computer animated comedy slapstick short film directed by Mike Thurmeier and Galen T. Chu. The short is a spin-off of the Ice Age franchise and focuses on Scrat. This is the third Scrat short film and it's set right after the events of Collision Course. 
Right after the events of Collision Course, Scrat is ready to come back to Earth but he's kidnapped by alien female anthropomorphic sabertooth squirrels named Scratazons. 

The Scratazons tries to kill him but they ultimately fails, however they steals his acorn but luckily Scrat gets it back with the attraction ray. 

There's a battle between Scrat and the Scratazons leader with the attraction rays which ends with the explosion of the Scratazons ship and causes a black hole which swallows all of them except Scrat and the Scratazons leader.

Scrat initially loses the run against Scratazon for the acorn but he successfully uses the toilet to arrive to the acorn and he knock Scratazon away causing her to be swallowed by the black hole as well.

Scrat and his acorn are then swallowed as well but they are spitten out. Scrat is happy that he finally has his acorn but the black hole reopens and swallows the acorn, much to Scrat's horror and dismay. 

Scrat then screams in frustration while he floats in the space.


It's currently unknown if there will be another Scrat short but since the character is very popular it's most likely there will be at least another one. If there will be a new short film it will probably not be a direct continuation of this short as the shorts follows the "no-continuity" rule of the Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner episodes.

Spider-Man: Friend or Foe

Spider-Man: Friend or Foe is a 2007 action-adventure beat 'em up video game based on the Marvel Comics superhero Spider-Man. The game borrows characters and designs from Sam Raimi's "Spider-Man" trilogy, with a plot that is non-canon to the films. The game was released for Microsoft Windows, Nintendo DS, PlayStation 2, Wii, Xbox 360, and PlayStation Portable in October 2007. The game was also going to be released on the PlayStation 3, but was canceled.

Players team up with famous heroes from the Marvel Universe to combat villains in epic boss battles, whom they then convert into sidekick allies to aid them for the rest of their journey.

Spider-Man: Web of Shadows

Spider-Man: Web of Shadows is a 2008 action-adventure video game based on the fictional superhero Spider-Man. The game was released in October 2008 across multiple platforms, and encompasses three drastically different versions: one released for the Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360, which features an open world and non-linear gameplay; one for the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable (called Spider-Man: Web of Shadows - Amazing Allies Edition), which is a 2.5D side-scrolling beat 'em up; and one for the Nintendo DS, which is also a linear beat 'em up, but features a different storyline and aspects of the Metroidvania genre.

Venom has launched a full-scale symbiote invasion of Manhattan, forcing Spider-Man to join forces with a number of unlikely allies in order to stop him, while being faced with difficult choices that could change his life forever.

Ambiamory

Ambiamory is the capability of experiencing and enjoying monogamous and polyamorous relationships.

Romance (1930 movie)

Romance is a 1930 American drama movie directed by Clarence Brown and is the second version of the 1913 play of the same name by Edward Sheldon. It stars Greta Garbo, Lewis Stone, Gavin Gordon, Elliott Nugent, Florence Lake, Clara Blandick and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1930.


The Divorcee

The Divorcee is a 1930 American drama movie directed by Robert Z. Leonard and was based on the 1929 novel "Ex-Wife" by Ursula Parrott. It stars Norma Shearer, Chester Morris, Conrad Nagel, Robert Montgomery, Florence Eldridge, Helene Millard, Mary Doran and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 4 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1930.


Disraeli (movie)

Disraeli is a 1929 American historical drama movie directed by Alfred E. Green and is the third version of the 1911 play of the same name by Louis N. Parker. It stars George Arliss, Doris Lloyd, Joan Bennett, Florence Arliss, Anthony Bushell and was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was nominated 3 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1930.


Malaya (movie)

Malaya is a 1949 American World War II adventure movie directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Spencer Tracy, James Stewart, Sydney Greenstreet, Lionel Barrymore, DeForest Kelley, Roland Winters, Richard Loo. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

George Ross Anderson Jr.

George Ross Anderson Jr. (January 29, 1929 – December 1, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a Judge of the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina from 1980 until his retirement in 2016. He was nominated by President Jimmy Carter to the court. He also was a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1955 to 1956. 

Anderson was born in Anderson, South Carolina. He was a Democrat. Anderson died on December 1, 2020 at a South Carolina nursing home at the age of 91.

United States District Court for the District of South Carolina

The United States District Court for the District of South Carolina (in case citations, D.S.C.) is the federal district court. They cover the state of South Carolina. 

Court is held in the cities of Aiken, Anderson, Beaufort, Charleston, Columbia, Florence, Greenville, and Spartanburg.


The Utah Kid

The Utah Kid is a 1930 American western movie directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Rex Lease, Boris Karloff, Dorothy Sebastian, Mary Carr, Lafe McKee, Walter Miller. It was distributed by Tiffany Pictures.


Hugh Keays-Byrne

Hugh Keays-Byrne (18 May 1947 – 2 December 2020) was an English-Australian actor and movie director. He moved to Australia in 1973. He was known for his roles as Toad in the 1974 movie "Stone", Toecutter in the 1979 movie "Mad Max", and Immortan Joe in the 2015 movie "". He was born in Srinagar, then-British India.

Keays-Byrne died on 2 December 2020 at a hospital in Gosford, New South Wales at the age of 73.


Arnie Robinson

Arnie Paul Robinson Jr. (April 7, 1948 – December 1, 2020) was an American athlete. He won a bronze medal in the long jump at the 1972 Olympics and a gold medal in 1976. Robinson was born in San Diego, California.

Robinson died on December 1, 2020 at the age of 72.

Walter E. Williams

Walter Edward Williams (March 31, 1936 – December 1, 2020) was an American economist, commentator, and academic. He was the John M. Olin Distinguished Professor of Economics at George Mason University. He was known for his classical liberal and libertarian views. His writings frequently appeared on Townhall.com, "WND", and "Jewish World Review". He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Williams died on December 1, 2020, in Devon, Pennsylvania at the age of 84.

Devon, Pennsylvania

Devon is a census-designated place (CDP) in Easttown Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,580 at the 2020 census.

Chamalières

Chamalières (Auvergnat: "Chamalèira") is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.

Chamalières is the third-largest town in the department and lies about from Lyon.

MDH (spice company)

Mahashian Di Hatti Private Limited, doing business as MDH, is an Indian spice producer and seller based in New Delhi, India. 

It is the second largest leader in the Indian market with 12% market share, following S Narendrakumar's Everest Spices.

Dead End

Dead End is a 1937 American crime drama movie directed by William Wyler and was based on the 1935 play of the same name by Sidney Kingsley. It stars Sylvia Sidney, Humphrey Bogart, Joel McCrea, Wendy Barrie, Claire Trevor, Allen Jenkins, Ward Bond, Esther Dale, Charles Halton and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1938.


Ankylosing spondylitis

Ankylosing spondylitis (AS) is a type of arthritis. There is a long-term inflammation of the joints of the spine. 

Usually the joints where the spine joins the pelvis are also affected. Eye and bowel problems may also occur. Pain in the back is a typical symptom of AS, and it often comes and goes. Stiffness of the affected joints usually gets worse over time.

Ankylosing spondylitis (AS) inflames the sacroiliac joints located between the base of the spine and pelvis from there the disease starts and gradually captures the entire spinal cord and there is complete tilt in the body. Some of the bones in the spine fuse, this fusing makes the spine less flexible. If ribs are affected, it can be difficult to breathe deeply.


If the pain in the back bone is more than 3 months and the stiffness is more on getting up in the morning, then we should see the rheumatologist as soon as possible. 

In this disease, the bones of the spine are completely fused, ie, the bones joining in this disease become one bone in 8-10 years, due to which the patient can get up, sit, walk, bend, twist of the neck. shuts down and all day-to-day activities are affected.

See Also 

What are ankylosing spondylitis causes?

Koba Davitashvili

Koba Davitashvili (; July 31, 1971 – December 2, 2020) was a Georgian politician. He was a leader of the Georgian People's Party and co-founder of the United National Movement. He was a member of the Georgian Parliament between 1999 to 2006.

Davitashvili died on December 2, 2020 in Tbilisi from ankylosing spondylitis, aged 49.

Franco Giraldi

Franco Giraldi (11 July 1931 – 2 December 2020) was an Italian director and screenwriter. He was born in Comeno, Kingdom of Italy. He directed "Seven Guns for the MacGregors" (1966), "Sugar Colt" (1966) and "Up the MacGregors!" (1967).

Giraldi died on 2 December 2020 in Trieste, Italy from problems caused by COVID-19 at the age of 89.

The First Degree

The First Degree is a 1923 American drama movie directed by Edward Sedgwick and was based on the 1914 short story "The Summons" by George Pattullo. It stars Frank Mayo, Sylvia Breamer, Philo McCullough and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Maker of Men

Maker of Men is a 1931 American drama movie directed by Edward Sedgwick and starring Jack Holt, Richard Cromwell, Joan Marsh, John Wayne, Natalie Moorhead. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Warren Berlinger

Warren Berlinger (August 31, 1937 – December 2, 2020) was an American actor. He was born in New York City. His career lasted from 1946 to 2016. He was best known for his roles in "The Joey Bishop Show", "The Cannonball Run" and in "The World According to Garp".

Berlinger died on December 2, 2020 at a hospital in Santa Clarita, California at the age of 83.

Brighton Rock (1947 movie)

Brighton Rock is a 1947 British crime thriller movie directed by John Boulting and was based on the 1938 novel of the same name by Graham Greene. It stars Richard Attenborough, Hermione Baddeley, Carol Marsh, William Hartnell, Wylie Watson, George Carney, Alan Wheatley. It was remade in 2010.


River of No Return

River of No Return is a 1954 American western movie directed by Otto Preminger and Jean Negulesco. It stars Robert Mitchum, Marilyn Monroe, Tommy Rettig, Rory Calhoun and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Aldo Moser

Aldo Moser (7 February 1934 – 2 December 2020) was an Italian cyclist. Moser rode in 16 editions of the Giro d'Italia and 4 of the Vuelta a España, totaling in 20 Grand Tours. He was the older brother of Francesco Moser, Enzo Moser and Diego Moser. He was born in Giovo, Italy.

Moser died on 2 December 2020 in Trento, Italy from COVID-19 at the age of 86.

Giovo

Giovo () is a "comune" (municipality) in Trentino, located about northeast of Trento in northern Italy.

Rafer Johnson

Rafer Lewis Johnson (August 18, 1934 – December 2, 2020) was an American decathlete and actor. He was born in Hillsboro, Texas. Johnson was a silver medalist at the 1956 Summer Olympics and a gold medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He also played Mullens the DEA agent in the 1989 James Bond movie "Licence to Kill".

In 1968, Johnson, football player Rosey Grier, and journalist George Plimpton tackled Sirhan Sirhan moments after he had fatally shot Robert F. Kennedy.

Johnson died on December 2, 2020 at a Sherman Oaks, California hospital from a stroke, aged 86.

George Plimpton

George Ames Plimpton (March 18, 1927 – September 25, 2003) was an American journalist, writer and editor. He was widely known for his sports writing and for helping to found "The Paris Review". He was born in New York City.

Plimpton, along with former decathlete Rafer Johnson and American football star Rosey Grier, helped wrestle Sirhan Sirhan to the floor when Robert F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1968.

Plimpton died on September 25, 2003 at his New York City apartment from a heart attack caused by supraventricular tachycardia, aged 76.

Supraventricular tachycardia

Supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) is an abnormally fast heart rhythm caused from improper electrical activity in the upper part of the heart. 

There are four main types: atrial fibrillation, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT), atrial flutter, and Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome.

Symptoms may include palpitations, feeling faint, sweating, shortness of breath, or chest pain.

Yuvensius Alfonsius Biakai

Yuvensius Alfonsius Biakai (9 November 1956 – 5 November 2020) was an Indonesian politician. He was the Regent of Asmat from October 2005 to October 2015 . He was the first regent of Asmat. 

Biakai died in Timika, Indonesia on 5 November 2020 from COVID-19 at the age of 63.

Frank Kramer (Dutch footballer)

Franciscus Johannes "Frank" Erik Kramer (27 November 1947 – 30 November 2020) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a striker, television presenter and football commentator. Kramer was born in Amsterdam. His career lasted from 1970 to 1984. 

Kramer played for Amsterdam, MVV Maastricht, Telstar, Volendam and Haarlem. He also made appearances on television sports networks as a commentator for AVRO and Eurosport.

Kramer suffered from a stroke on his 73rd birthday and fell in a coma. He died three days later in Amsterdam on 30 November 2020.

Spider-Man: Shattered Dimensions

Spider-Man: Shattered Dimensions is a 2010 action-adventure video game based on the fictional superhero Spider-Man released for the Nintendo DS, PlayStation 3, Wii, Xbox 360, and Microsoft Windows. It was followed by a sequel, "" in October 2011.

The game revolves around an artifact known as the Tablet of Order and Chaos. When it is shattered into pieces during a fight between Spider-Man and Mysterio, it causes problems with multiple realities across the Marvel Universe. Madame Web calls on four versions of Spider-Man from four realities to assist in bringing the realities back into balance: the Amazing Spider-Man, Spider-Man Noir, Spider-Man 2099, and Ultimate Spider-Man. The player controls each of the four Spider-Men as they attempt to retrieve the tablet fragments from villains within their respective dimensions, who now possess new abilities granted by the tablet.

Spider-Man: Edge of Time

Spider-Man: Edge of Time is an action-adventure video game based on the fictional superhero Spider-Man released in October 2011 for the Nintendo DS, Nintendo 3DS, PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360. It is a sequel to 2010's "".

Spider-Man and Spider-Man 2099 combat a new threat across space and time and attempt to save both of their realities.

Tommy Sandt

Thomas James Sandt (December 22, 1950 – December 1, 2020) was an American Major League Baseball player and coach. Sandt played for the Oakland Athletics in 1975 and 1976. He also coached the Florida Marlins during their 1997 World Series win. He was born in New York City.

Sandt died on December 1, 2020 at his home in Lake Oswego, Oregon at the age of 69.

Giant planet

A giant planet is any planet much larger than Earth. They are usually mostly composed of low-boiling-point materials (gases or ices), rather than rock or other solid matter. Massive solid planets also exist. There are four giant planets in the Solar System: Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune. Many extrasolar giant planets have been identified orbiting other stars.

Giant planets are also sometimes called jovian planets, the adjective for the name Jupiter. They are sometimes known as gas giants. Many astronomers use the latter term only for Jupiter and Saturn. They classify Uranus and Neptune, which have different compositions, as ice giants. Both names are potentially misleading: all of the giant planets consist primarily of fluids above their critical points, where distinct gas and liquid phases do not exist. The principal components are hydrogen and helium in the case of Jupiter and Saturn, and water, ammonia and methane in the case of Uranus and Neptune.

The defining differences between a very low-mass brown dwarf and a gas giant are not clear. One school of thought is based on formation; the other, on the physics of the interior. Part of the debate is whether "brown dwarfs" must, by definition, have had nuclear fusion at some point in their history.

The term "gas giant" was coined in 1952 by the science fiction writer James Blish. It was originally used to refer to all giant planets. Arguably it is something of a misnomer, because for most of thire volume the pressure is so high that matter is not in gaseous form. Other than the upper layers of the atmosphere, all matter is likely beyond the critical point, where there is no distinction between liquids and gases. "Fluid planet" would be a more accurate term. Jupiter also has metallic hydrogen near its center, but much of its volume is hydrogen, helium, and traces of other gases above their critical points. The observable atmospheres of all these planets (at less than unit optical depth) are quite thin compared to their radii, only extending perhaps one percent of the way to the center. Thus the observable portions are gaseous (in contrast to Mars and Earth, which have gaseous atmospheres through which the crust can be seen).

The rather misleading term has caught on because planetary scientists typically use "rock", "gas", and "ice" as shorthands for classes of elements and compounds found on planets, whatever the actual phase of matter. In the outer Solar System, hydrogen and helium are referred to as "gases"; water, methane, and ammonia as "ices"; and silicates and metals as "rock". When deep planetary interiors are considered, it may not be far off to say that, by "ice" astronomers mean oxygen and carbon, by "rock" they mean silicon, and by "gas" they mean hydrogen and helium. The many ways in which Uranus and Neptune differ from Jupiter and Saturn have led some to use the term only for the planets similar to the latter two. With this terminology in mind, some astronomers have started referring to Uranus and Neptune as ice giants to indicate the predominance of the "ices" (in fluid form) in their interior composition.

The alternative term "jovian planet" refers to the Roman god Jupiter, and meant all these planets were similar to Jupiter.

Objects large enough to start deuterium fusion (above 13 Jupiter masses for solar composition) are called brown dwarfs, and these occupy the mass range between that of large giant planets and the lowest-mass stars. The 13-Jupiter-mass cutoff is a rule of thumb, not something of precise physical significance. Larger objects will burn most of their deuterium and smaller ones will burn only a little, and the Jupiter mass value is somewhere in between. The amount of deuterium burnt depends not only on the mass but also on the composition of the planet, especially on the amount of helium and deuterium present. The Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia includes objects up to 60 Jupiter masses, and the Exoplanet Data Explorer up to 24 Jupiter masses.

A giant planet is a massive planet and has a thick atmosphere of hydrogen and helium. They may have a dense molten core of rocky elements, or the core may have completely dissolved and dispersed throughout the planet if the planet is hot enough. In "traditional" giant planets such as Jupiter and Saturn (the gas giants) hydrogen and helium constitute most of the mass of the planet, whereas they only make up an outer envelope on Uranus and Neptune, which are instead mostly composed of water, ammonia, and methane and therefore increasingly referred to as "ice giants".

Extrasolar giant planets that orbit very close to their stars are the exoplanets that are easiest to detect. These are called hot Jupiters and hot Neptunes because they have very high surface temperatures. Hot Jupiters were, until the advent of space-borne telescopes, the most common form of exoplanet known, due to the relative ease of detecting them with ground-based instruments.

Giant planets are commonly said to lack solid surfaces, but it is more accurate to say that they lack surfaces altogether since the gases that constitute them simply become thinner and thinner with increasing distance from the planets' centers, eventually becoming indistinguishable from the interplanetary medium. Therefore, landing on a giant planet may or may not be possible, depending on the size and composition of its core.

Gas giants consist mostly of hydrogen and helium. The Solar System's gas giants, Jupiter and Saturn, have heavier elements making up between 3 and 13 percent of their mass. Gas giants are thought to consist of an outer layer of molecular hydrogen, surrounding a layer of liquid metallic hydrogen, with a probable molten core with a rocky composition.

Jupiter and Saturn's outermost portion of the hydrogen atmosphere has many layers of visible clouds that are mostly composed of water and ammonia. The layer of metallic hydrogen makes up the bulk of each planet, and is referred to as "metallic" because the very high pressure turns hydrogen into an electrical conductor. The core is thought to consist of heavier elements at such high temperatures (20,000 K) and pressures that their properties are poorly understood.

Ice giants have distinctly different interior compositions from gas giants. The Solar System's ice giants, Uranus and Neptune, have a hydrogen-rich atmosphere that extends from the cloud tops down to about 80% (Uranus) or 85% (Neptune) of their radius. Below this, they are predominantly "icy", i.e. consist mostly of water, methane, and ammonia. There is also some rock and gas, but various proportions of ice–rock–gas could mimic pure ice, so that the exact proportions are unknown.

Uranus and Neptune have very hazy atmospheric layers with small amounts of methane, giving them aquamarine colors; light blue and ultramarine respectively. Both have magnetic fields that are sharply inclined to their axes of rotation.

Unlike the other giant planets, Uranus has an extreme tilt that causes its seasons to be severely pronounced. The two planets also have other subtle but important differences. Uranus has more hydrogen and helium than Neptune despite being less massive overall. Neptune is therefore denser and has much more internal heat and a more active atmosphere. The Nice model, in fact, suggests that Neptune formed closer to the Sun than Uranus did, and should therefore have more heavy elements.

Massive solid planets can also exist. 

Solid planets up to thousands of Earth masses may be able to form around massive stars (B-type and O-type stars; 5–120 solar masses), where the protoplanetary disk would contain enough heavy elements. Also, these stars have high UV radiation and winds that could photoevaporate the gas in the disk, leaving just the heavy elements.<ref name="mass/radius sold"></ref>
For comparison, Neptune's mass equals 17 Earth masses, Jupiter has 318 Earth masses, and the 13 Jupiter-mass limit used in the IAU's working definition of an exoplanet equals approximately 4000 Earth masses.

A super-puff is a type of exoplanet with a mass only a few times larger than
Earth’s but a radius larger than Neptune, giving it a very low mean density. They are cooler and less massive than the inflated low-density hot-Jupiters.

The most extreme examples known are the three planets around Kepler-51 which are all Jupiter-sized but with densities below 0.1 g/cm.

Because of the limited techniques available to detect exoplanets, many of those found to date have been of a size associated, in the Solar System, with giant planets. Because these large planets are inferred to share more in common with Jupiter than with the other giant planets, some have claimed that "jovian planet" is a more accurate term for them. Many of the exoplanets are much closer to their parent stars and hence much hotter than the giant planets in the Solar System, making it possible that some of those planets are a type not observed in the Solar System. Considering the relative abundances of the elements in the universe (about 98% hydrogen and helium) it would be surprising to find a predominantly rocky planet more massive than Jupiter. On the other hand, models of planetary-system formation have suggested that giant planets would be inhibited from forming as close to their stars as many of the extrasolar giant planets have been observed to orbit.

The bands seen in the atmosphere of Jupiter are due to counter-circulating streams of material called zones and belts, encircling the planet parallel to its equator. The zones are the lighter bands, and are at higher altitudes in the atmosphere. They have an internal updraft and are high-pressure regions. The belts are the darker bands, are lower in the atmosphere, and have an internal downdraft. They are low-pressure regions. These structures are somewhat analogous to the high and low-pressure cells in Earth's atmosphere, but they have a very different structure—latitudinal bands that circle the entire planet, as opposed to small confined cells of pressure. This appears to be a result of the rapid rotation and underlying symmetry of the planet. There are no oceans or landmasses to cause local heating and the rotation speed is much higher than that of Earth.

There are smaller structures as well: spots of different sizes and colors. On Jupiter, the most noticeable of these features is the Great Red Spot, which has been present for at least 300 years. These structures are huge storms. Some such spots are thunderheads as well.




June Rose Bellamy

June Rose Bellamy, also Yadana Nat-Mei (; lit. Goddess of the Nine Jewels, 1 June 1932 – 1 December 2020) was the First Lady of Myanmar and fourth wife of the 4th President of Burma Ne Win. 

She was a Burmese royal princess of Australian descent and the great-granddaughter of Prince Kanaung.

Bronisław Dankowski

Bronisław Dankowski (22 August 1944 – 2 December 2020) was a Polish politician. He was a member of the Sejm from 1997 to 2005. He was a member of the Democratic Left Alliance.

Dankowski died on 2 December 2020 at the age of 76.

Maria Fyfe

Maria Fyfe ("née" O'Neill; 25 November 1938 – 3 December 2020) was a Scottish Labour politician. She was a Member of Parliament for Glasgow Maryhill from 1987 to 2001. Fyfe was born in Glasgow. 

Fyfe died on 3 December 2020 in Glasgow, aged 82.

QAnon

QAnon () is a disproven far-right conspiracy theory believing that a cabal of Satan-worshipping pedophiles is running a global child sex-trafficking ring and are planning against former US president Donald Trump, who is fighting the cabal. 
QAnon also believes that Trump is planning a day known as the "Storm", when thousands of members of the cabal will be arrested. No part of the conspiracy claim is based in fact. 

QAnon's supporters have accused many liberal Hollywood actors, Democratic politicians, and high-ranking government officials of being members of the cabal.

Former followers of the group have criticized it for vandalism of stores and general antisocial behavior.

Members of the movement actively took part in the 2020 U.S. presidential election, during which they supported Donald Trump's campaign. After Joe Biden won, they were involved in efforts to overturn the results of the election. Many of the QAnon followers attacked the U.S. Capitol on January 6, 2021, which caused many media websites to track down and block QAnon information and members from spreading.

Pizzagate conspiracy theory

"Pizzagate" is a debunked conspiracy theory that went viral during the 2016 United States presidential election cycle mainly supported by far-right politicians and activists.

In March 2016, the personal email account of John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign manager, was hacked in a spear-phishing attack. Supporters of the Pizzagate conspiracy theory falsely claimed the emails had coded messages that connected several high-ranking Democratic Party officials and U.S. restaurants with an alleged human trafficking and child sex ring.

Murder of Seth Rich

The murder of Seth Rich happened on Sunday, July 10, 2016, at 4:20 a.m. in Washington, D.C. Rich died about an hour and a half after receiving two gunshot wounds to the back. He was murdered by unknown people for unknown reasons, but police suspected he had been the victim of an attempted robbery.

The 27-year-old Rich worked for the Democratic National Committee (DNC), and his murder caused many right-wing conspiracy theories, including the false claim that Rich had been involved with the leaked DNC emails in 2016. 

"The New York Times", "Los Angeles Times", and "The Washington Post" wrote that the promotion of these conspiracy theories was an example of fake news.

Hot Jupiter

Hot Jupiters are a class of gas giant exoplanets that are physically similar to Jupiter but have very short orbital periods (). They are close to their stars, with high surface-atmosphere temperatures. Hot Jupiters are usually tidally locked.

Hot Jupiters are the easiest extrasolar planets to detect by the radial-velocity method. The oscillations of their parent stars' motion are large and rapid compared to those of other types of planets. These oscillations are caused by the planet orbiting its star in the line of sight of the Earth.

Since it seems that they are common, that raises the question of why the Solar System has its largest planet so far from its star. This led astronomers to think the Earth's Jupiter was first much closer to the Sun, and moved out later to its present orbit.
One of the best-known hot Jupiters is . Discovered in 1995, it was the first extrasolar planet found orbiting a Sun-like star. has an orbital period of about 4 days.

2016 Democratic National Committee email leak

The 2016 Democratic National Committee email leak is a collection of Democratic National Committee (DNC) emails stolen by one or more hackers working under the pseudonym "Guccifer 2.0" who are said to be Russian intelligence agency hackers, according to indictments carried out by the Mueller investigation.

These emails were leaked by DCLeaks in June and July 2016 and by WikiLeaks on July 22, 2016, just before the 2016 Democratic National Convention. 

This collection included 19,252 emails and 8,034 attachments from the DNC. The leak includes emails from seven key DNC staff members, and date from January 2015 to May 2016. 

The leaks also showed the DNC trying to sabotage and spread fake information to hurt then-2016 presidential candidate Bernie Sanders and his presidential campaign.

On November 6, 2016, WikiLeaks released a second batch of DNC emails, adding 8,263 emails to its collection.

Bartolomé Esteban Murillo

Bartolomé Esteban Murillo (Seville, baptized on January 1, 1618– April 3, 1682) was a Spanish Baroque painter. A central personality of the Sevillian school, with many followers who carried his influence well into the 18th century. He was also the best known and most appreciated Spanish painter outside of Spain. Most of his paintings are religious, for Sevillian churches and convents. Unlike other great Spanish masters of his time, he also cultivated genre painting on a continuous and independent basis. throughout much of his career.

Hyla felixarabica

The Arabian tree frog ("Hyla felixarabica") is a frog from the Middle East. Scientists saw it in Israel, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Syria and Lebanon.

Scientists say there are two separate groups of Arabian tree frogs: one in the hills in Yemen and Asir Mountains in Saudia Arabia and another group in Syria, Israel and the hills in Jordan.

Scientists used to think that this was the same frog as the Middle East tree frog, but it is not. Scientists believe that the Arabian tree frog separated from the Middle East tree frog 8.4 million years ago. They believe the two groups of frogs were separated by the Dead Sea Rift and then became different species over time.

Krusty the Clown (The Simpsons episode)

"Krusty the Clown" is the 8th episode of the 30th season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on the Fox network on November 25, 2018.

Separate Vocations

"Separate Vocations" is the 18th episode of the 3th season of The Simpsons. It was first shown on television on February 27, 1992.


Belgian Americans

Belgian Americans are Americans who can trace their ancestry to immigrants from Belgium who emigrated to the United States. While the first natives of the then-Southern Netherlands arrived in America in the 17th century, most of the Belgian immigrants arrived during the 19th and 20th centuries. 

Human Rights Party (United States)

The Human Rights Party was a socialist political party in Michigan. It existed from the year 1970 to the mid-1970s around Ann Arbor.












Unmarried

Unmarried is a 1939 American drama movie directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Helen Twelvetrees, Buck Jones, Donald O'Connor, Virginia Vale, Larry Crabbe, Robert Armstrong. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Three Girls Lost

Three Girls Lost is a 1931 American drama movie directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Loretta Young, Lew Cody, John Wayne, Paul Fix, Ward Bond, Joan Marsh, Joyce Compton, George Beranger. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Half Angel (1936 movie)

Half Angel is a 1936 American comedy movie directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Frances Dee, Brian Donlevy, Charles Butterworth, Helen Westley, Henry Stephenson, Sara Haden, Julius Tannen. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

SpaceX Starship

Starship is a rocket made by the American company SpaceX. The rocket is made out of stainless steel. The rocket is made of two stages: Super Heavy and Starship. Both of these stages can be used again. This is unusual for a rocket. The rocket is expected to lift of people and things to orbit. It is expected to travel to the Moon. It is expected to serve space tourists, and also help humans going to Mars.

In 2023, Starship became the tallest and the most powerful rocket ever flown.

In September 2019, Starship Mk1 (Mark 1) was the first built Starship. The next vehicle, named Mk2, was built in Florida five months later. Mk1 failed [testing at cold temperature, or] the cryogenic proof test. It did not fly.

Mk2 was recycled. It did not fly.

Mk3's name changed to SN1 (serial number 1). On 28 February 2020, SN1 crushed itself during a cryogenic proof test. It is because of a leak in the bottom tank. On 8 March 2020, SN2's tank completed its only cryogenic proof test. On 3 April 2020, during the SN3 cryogenic proof test, a valve leaked liquid nitrogen inside its bottom tank. This causes the vehicle to lose pressure and crush itself. On 29 May 2020, SN4 had its fifth successful static fire test. But, after the test, the connected propellant pipe made SN4 explode.

On 4 August 2020, SN5 completed a flight with one Raptor. The rocket went to before coming down. It is the first Starship spacecraft to complete a flight intact. On 24 August 2020, SN6 repeated SN5's flight and did not explode.

SN8 was the first complete Starship. In October and November 2020, SN8 survived four static fire tests. The first, second, and fourth tests were successful, but the third test failed. In the third test, SN8's Raptors destroyed the mount. The concrete layer melted, splashed, and hit a Raptor.

On 9 December 2020, the FAA (Federal Aviation Administration) warned SN8 could explode if it was flown as planned. SpaceX ignored its warnings. SN8 then flew up, making it the first Starship to fly. It goes as high as , then comes back down. While landing, SN8's methane header tank did not pump enough methane to the Raptors. This causes one engine to burn itself. So, SN8 hit the ground fast and exploded.

On 2 February 2021, SN9 flew high. During the landing, a Raptor does not work. So, SN9 lands at an angle and exploded as well. On 3 March 2021, SN10 repeated SN9's flight. It then landed with all Raptors working. But, because SN10 was damaged, it blew up eight minutes later. On 8 March 2021, the first Super Heavy booster named BN1 (booster number 1) was finished.

On 30 March 2021, SN11 exploded in dense fog. No one knows why it exploded. A possible explanation is that a Raptor burned SN11's computer. This could let too much propellant flow into the engine's turbopump. When the engine is lit, the pressure inside the chamber is too much, making SN11 explode.

SpaceX did not finish SN12, SN13, SN14. Their improvements were added to SN15 instead. On 5 May 2021, SN15 flew the same flight and landed. It did not explode after launch. On 20 July 2021, BN3 static fired for the only time. 

Around July 2021, SpaceX started using the word "Ship" instead of "SN" for Starship spacecrafts. "Booster" instead of "BN" is another name for the Super Heavy boosters.

Super Heavy and Starship must pass many tests before launch. Firstly, they are filled with nitrogen gas to check for leaks. Then, cold liquid nitrogen fills and drains from Starship and Super Heavy to check the tanks' strength. Finally, propellant fills their tanks, and the Raptor engines are fired. 

Since 2005, SpaceX has been working on ideas similar to Starship. The company then checks the design with a series of tests: from flying high in July 2019, to flying high in May 2021.

SpaceX tried to do an Orbital test flight in April 2023.

In April 2023, a booster rocket and a spacecraft launched. 1 minute 25 seconds into the launch, the booster and the spacecraft could not be steered. The flight continued up to altitude of 39 kilometres (24 mi), then began to tumble. The flight did not reach orbit.

"Three of the 33 engines on the" booster rocket "were shut down before the rocket even left the launchpad", according to media's paraphrasing of Elon Musk; Furthermore, “The system didn’t think" that those 3 engines "were healthy enough to bring them to full thrust,” “so they were shut down”, according to Musk.

At about 27 seconds into the flight, SpaceX lost communications with another engine. 

The flight passed max q. 

1 minute 25 seconds into the launch, SpaceX lost thrust vector control and therefore the ability to steer the rocket.

The flight came up to altitude of 39 kilometres (24 mi), then began to tumble.

At 29 kilometres (18 mi), about four minutes after liftoff, the (onboard) Autonomous flight safety system destroyed the booster and the Starship. (One source says that "a self-destruct mechanism" was triggered.) The time from the triggering to disintegration (or destruction), was 40 seconds. That time is supposed to be much shorter.

SpaceX tried to do an Orbital test flight in November 2023; The spaceship and booster separated. The spaceship came to an altitude of 148 km (92 mi). The spaceship was supposed to fly for 90 minutes, but at 8 minutes 4 seconds of flight, the (onboard) Autonomous flight safety system (or "flight termination system") started the process of destroying the spaceship, and shortly after that the spaceship blew up. By that time SpaceX had lost communications with the spacecraft. The flight did not reach orbit.

The flight of the spaceship: At 40 minutes and 46 seconds (into the flight), "Raptor in-space relight demo" was supposed to happen. That relight of Raptor (engine) did not happen because the spaceship [seemed to roll too much, or] "due to vehicle roll rates". 

The spaceship came to an altitude of 145 miles. "SpaceX lost contact with" the spaceship when it was coming from Space, and into the Earth's atmosphere, or during re-entry, according to media.

The landing of the booster stage (or SuperHeavy) was not a success; It reached the surface (of the Gulf of Mexico), at too high speed.

One of the names of the flight, is "integrated flight test 3", or IFT-3. The test flight was on March 14, 2024. (Related page, Low Earth orbit)

Before launch, liquid oxygen and liquid methane fill the tanks of the booster rocket and the spaceship.

Engine chill begins on the booster, at 19 minutes 40 seconds before liftoff (as of 2023's first quarter). This is to protect the engine's turbopumps from thermal shock. 

The thirty-three engines startup-sequence begins, at eight seconds before liftoff. 

33 Raptor engines fire and lift the rocket up. Super Heavy and Starship will then separate. After that, the Starship spacecraft boosts itself into orbit. The booster then descends and lands on the launch tower's arms. When Starship lands, the spacecraft will glide using its flaps. At the last few seconds, the spacecraft flips up and lands.

Starship has two parts: the Super Heavy booster and the Starship spacecraft. Both Super Heavy and Starship should be able to land and launch many times quickly. That is the reason why the Starship rocket is often called a fully-reusable rocket. As of November 2021, no other rockets except Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy's booster can do this. Most of the rocket is made from SAE 304 stainless steel, the most common type. 

A Starship spacecraft lifts off (from Earth) on top of a booster. The spacecraft is supposed to carry of cargo to low Earth orbit. The Space Shuttle could only carry to the International Space Station, however. 

In this example, the International Space Station has an even lower orbit than Starship. The International Space Station orbits high at 51.64° inclination. Starship in this case orbits high at 98.9° inclination.
Below the spacecraft is a tall Super Heavy booster rocket. This booster can hold about of propellant. Super Heavy and Starship's propellants are liquid methane and liquid oxygen. The booster is made from stainless steel rings. These rings are thick, tall, and diameter.
At the bottom of the booster are 33 Raptor rocket engines. They can make of thrust, twice more than the Saturn V. The thrust speeds up the rocket to .

On top of the booster are four boxes containing fins in a grid pattern. These boxes are usually called grid fins, like those of the Falcon 9. Grid fins rotate to control and guide the booster while falling from the sky. When the booster comes back closer to Earth - just a few kilometers or miles above ground - the booster fires its engines and lands on the tower arms, which will 'catch' it.

SpaceX [had or] has two Super Heavy booster rockets, that have not been retired or scrapped (as of 2023's second quarter). They have not gone through the static fire test. However, in November 2023, a Super Heavy booster rocket was destroyed during a test flight.

The number of weeks that it takes to (put together or) assemble a Super Heavy booster: In 2021 it took 6 weeks to put together "Booster 3".

On top of the booster sits a tall Starship spacecraft. The spacecraft can hold about of propellant. Its propellant is the same as Super Heavy's, which are liquid methane and liquid oxygen. The Starship spacecraft is made from stainless steel rings, similar to Super Heavy.

At the bottom of the spacecraft are six rocket engines. Three of them are regular Raptor engines; three others are Raptor Vacuum engines. These regular Raptor engines work inside the air, while Raptor Vacuum engines work inside the vacuum.

There are two kinds of propellant tanks inside Starship: these are main tanks and header tanks. The main tanks store propellant for almost all functions of the spacecraft. However, when Starship lands, it uses its header tanks instead.

There are four flaps that connect to Starship's body. Two large flaps are at the bottom of the spacecraft, and two small flaps are at the top of the spacecraft. They are made from stainless steel sheets and bend to a trapezoid shape. The flaps can control Starship's falling speed and direction.

A black heat shield covers one side of the spacecraft. The heat shield is made from ceramic hexagon tiles and sheets of ceramic wool. They help to protect Starship from hot plasma, made when the spacecraft enters Earth's atmosphere. Starship's heat shield could be durable and used many times.

Starship HLS (Starship Human Landing System) is supposed to land astronauts on the Moon during the Artemis program. It can take propellant from other Starships to have more range. The spacecraft would not have a heat shield or body flaps. However, it will have solar panels and landing engines. Starship HLS can be fueled and connected to the Orion spacecraft.

Both Super Heavy and Starship have SpaceX's Raptor rocket engines at the bottom. Each engine can make about of thrust. It has a full-flow staged combustion cycle design and burns liquid methane with liquid oxygen. 

Also at the bottom of the Starship spacecraft are the Raptor Vacuum engines. They are Raptor engines with larger nozzles. The Raptor Vacuum only works in space and is more efficient than the normal Raptor engine. The Raptor 2 engine is the next generation of the Raptor and Raptor Vacuum engines. They will be used in Super Heavy and Starship sometime in the future. 

This is how a full-flow staged combustion cycle engine works. First, liquid methane and oxygen flow into the engine's turbopumps. The turbopumps increase the liquids' pressure. Then, the methane and oxygen evaporate into hot gases in two preburners. One preburner gets more methane, and another gets more oxygen. The gas then turns the turbines and turbopumps by a shaft. These spinning turbines and turbopumps pump more propellant to the engine. This hot and mixed gas is then burned in a combustion chamber. Finally, the engine nozzle directs the ignited gas to make thrust.

Raptor engines will be made in a new factory at McGregor. Both the Raptor Vacuum and Raptor 2 are going to be made in another factory at Hawthorne.

On 16 April 2021, NASA (a government agency) selected Starship HLS as the Moon lander for the Artemis program. The other options were the Integrated Lander Vehicle by the National Team and Dynetics HLS by the Dynetics company. NASA then awarded SpaceX $2.89 billion to make Starship HLS. NASA wants Starship HLS to do a landing on the Moon without humans first. Then, Starship will send astronauts for the Artemis 3 mission.

The dearMoon project has no date for launch (as of 2022). In 2018, Japanese entrepreneur Yusaku Maezawa announced that private space mission. Its crew are Maezawa himself and eight other people. The plan is to use Starship as the main spacecraft. The spacecraft is supposed to take them toward the Moon, circle around it, and then return back to Earth.

In January 2022, SpaceX got a $102 million five-year contract to develop the Rocket Cargo program for the United States Space Force.

Point-to-point flights (called "Earth to Earth" flights by SpaceX), is the idea of traveling anywhere on Earth in under an hour. John Logsdon, an academic on space policy and history, said point-to-point travel is unrealistic, as [the people on board and] the craft would switch between weightlessness to 5 "g" of acceleration.

SpaceX wants to start Mars colonization and terraforming. It would do so by sending humans to Mars. Musk's life goal is to ensure that humans are still around after a mass extinction on Earth. He also talked about Starships going to Enceladus, Europa, Pluto, and the Oort cloud. The Starship rocket on those missions could launch from Mars.

SpaceX thinks sending humans to Mars needs many steps. First, some Starships might carry many important things to Mars' surface. Inside them are fertilizer factories, propellant factories, and building materials. The propellant factory takes in carbon dioxide from Mars's air and hydrogen from the ice below. Then, the factory uses the Sabatier reaction. Hydrogen reacts with carbon dioxide with hydrogen to create methane and oxygen. Methane and oxygen are Starship's propellants. Filled up with the factory's methane and oxygen, Starship can return from Mars back to Earth. Building materials are used to make domes. They protect farmland from Mars's weather and atmosphere.

Musk has guessed that a city with a million people on Mars is enough to keep itself running. It should be able to create everything that the people need. The city does not need shipments from Earth by then. He guessed that the city needs at least ten thousand Starships full of humans. Each Starship can carry 100 passengers on board. To give the colony enough equipment and food, a hundred thousand Starships carrying cargo might launch to Mars. This guess does not have population growth.

Most Starships would carry satellites, cargo, and humans to Earth orbit. They would have a large door that rotates along a hinge. These Starships could catch space debris as well.

Some Starships would carry propellant instead of cargo. These spacecraft can fuel another spacecraft in orbit. Via fueling, these spacecraft would have more range and can go further.

Starships going to Mars also need fueling as well. That spacecraft might have forty rooms, a storage room, and a shelter. The shelter protects astronauts from the Sun's ionizing radiation.

SpaceX wants Starship to replace the Falcon 9, Falcon Heavy, and Dragon 2. Musk guessed a Starship launch should cost $2 million (United States dollars) and the mission's propellant cost should be about $900,000. Starship could carry 400 Starlink satellites into orbit. A Falcon 9 can carry only 60 Starlink satellites.

In the past, the Starship spacecraft was planned to only bring cargo and astronauts to Mars. However, as of 2021, SpaceX is planning many kinds of Starships that do different tasks. They are different from each other by having parts added, removed, or changed.

The Starship spacecraft is supposed to carry cargo to higher Earth orbits, the Moon, and Mars.

Starbase is being used (as of 2023) for launches of prototypes. Rockets might also launch from boats, or LC-39A. Starbase at Texas is where SpaceX makes and tests most Super Heavy and Starship. The launch boats are named "Phobos" and "Deimos" after the moons of Mars. They were oil platforms owned by Valaris.

All Starship launch and landing places will have a tower. It has a large crane placed on top that can lift Super Heavy and Starship. That tower also has a pair of steel arms that rotate at a hinge similar to claws. The claws can catch Super Heavy as well.

Some people living near Starbase blamed SpaceX for harming wildlife, building and testing things without permission, and making too much noise. However, many people come to visit and stay there. When asked, they said that watching and imagining Starships sending humans to Mars made them love the place.

"Note: The start dates are when rocket stages were first seen, and the end dates are when they are destroyed or not used anymore.
A spaceship and its booster rocket were destroyed in flight, as late as March 2024.

In 2005, Elon Musk talked about a launch vehicle named BFR, later known as the Falcon XX. The Falcon XX was never built. Unlike Starship, it could only fly up once. Falcon XX was going to use Merlin 2 engine, a larger version of the Merlin engine. The engines burns kerosene and liquid oxygen.

In September 2016, at the 67th IAC (International Astronautical Congress), Elon Musk talked about the ITS (Interplanetary Transport System). It was going to be tall and wide. The booster was going to have 42 Raptors, and the spacecraft was going to have 9 Raptors. Both the booster and spacecraft are made from carbon composites, and could launch many times. The ITS can carry humans to Mars and other places inside the Solar System. When the spacecraft enters Mars's atmosphere, it cools by transpiration. Transpiration here means the spacecraft flows propellant to the front side and evaporates the heat.

At the next IAC in September 2017, Musk announced the Big Falcon Rocket. It is sometimes called Big Fucking Rocket. In that IAC, he talked about moving people around Earth quickly with a Big Falcon Rocket. He called it Earth to Earth.

In November 2018, Musk tweeted about a new spacecraft design. It had three bottom flaps and two top flaps. Around that time, the present names of Starship parts were first used:


In January 2019, Musk tweeted that Starship will be made from stainless steel instead of carbon composite. He explained that a stainless steel Starship is stronger than a carbon composite Starship. In March 2019, Musk tweeted again that Starships will have a heat shield made of tiles. The heat shield replaces transpiration cooling.

On 27 August 2019, "Starhopper", the first vehicle to use the Raptor, flew high. In October 2019, Starship's design had three Raptors and three Raptor Vacuum engines. There are only two bottom flaps in the new design. They are close to the heat shield’s edges.

You Only Live Once

You Only Live Once is a 1937 American crime drama movie directed by Fritz Lang and starring Sylvia Sidney, Henry Fonda, Barton MacLane, Jean Dixon, William Gargan, Jerome Cowan, John Wray. It was distributed by United Artists.


The Good Earth (movie)

The Good Earth is a 1937 American romantic drama movie directed by Sidney Franklin, Gustav Machatý and Victor Fleming. It was based on the 1931 novel of the same name by Pearl S. Buck and starring Paul Muni, Luise Rainer, Walter Connolly, Tilly Losch, Charley Grapewin, Jessie Ralph. It was nominated for 5 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1938.


Conquest (1937 movie)

Conquest is 1937 American romantic drama movie directed by Clarence Brown and Gustav Machatý. It was based on the 1933 novel "Pani Walewska" by Wacław Gąsiorowski and starring Greta Garbo, Charles Boyer, Reginald Owen, Henry Stephenson, Alan Marshal, C. Henry Gordon, Leif Erickson. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1938.

Madame X (1937 movie)

Madame X is a 1937 American drama movie directed by Sam Wood and Gustav Machatý. It is the fourth version of the 1908 play of the same name by Alexandre Bisson and starring Gladys George, Warren William, John Beal, Reginald Owen, Lynne Carver, Phillip Reed, Henry Daniell, Ruth Hussey, George Zucco. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Loren Legarda

Lorna Regina "Loren" Bautista Legarda is a Filipino politician and former journalist. She is currently serving as the representative of Antique and as a House Deputy Speaker.


The Black Watch

The Black Watch is a 1929 American adventure movie directed by John Ford and was based on the novel "King of the Khyber Rifles" by Talbot Mundy. It stars Victor McLaglen, Myrna Loy, Francis Ford, Cyril Chadwick, Walter Long, Joyzelle Joyner, Mitchell Lewis, Lumsden Hare, John Wayne and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Nambudiri

The Nambudiri, also transliterated Nambūdiri, Namboodiri, Namboothiri, and Nampūtiri, are a Malayali Brahmin caste, native to what is now the state of Kerala, India.

As the traditional feudal elite, Nambudiris owned a large portion of the land in the region of Malabar until the Kerala Land Reforms starting in 1957. Nambudiris have been noted for their unique practices such as the adherence to srauta ritualism and orthodox tradition. Cyriac Pullapilly mentions that the dominating influence of the Nambudiris was to be found in all matters: religion, politics, society, economics and culture of Kerala.

Nambudri Documentalist Advocate Jayaprakash Mallay. Awestruck by the nature and content of sahyadri khanda version of the skanda purana, I took courage to redefine Nambudri origins from the chaos of history's bizzare chess game with learned history scholars from National conferences like IHC and SIHC during 1999 - 2006 at various academic venues and enclaves. But their deafening silence prompted me to trigger this issue with Nambudri Brahmin scholars from Karikkad whose residence I shared in the early eighties. Emboldened by Nambudiries well versed in the Scriptures who narrated to me with pin point precision and stunning accuracy on an insider's expose about Nambudri Material Culture and Life Cycle Ritual, I came to the conclusion Nambudries have a shared heritage with Nalillacaran fishermen in Kerala. It is fortuitous fate that led me to take up residence at Puthan Mana, Pulikkathodi Illam and Moothedath Palasseri Mana all in the traditional Nambudri Village of Karikkad during 1983 - 1990 phase. As a participant observer I was appointed Registration Officer during Nambudri social gatherings called swajana sangamam consequently from 1997 - 2001 period. It all resulted in the production of my print media book Malayala Brahmin Autochthon Theory in the year 1995. The book was subjected to Tuesday Open Page Book Review in The Hindu.

Nambudiri mythology associates their immigration to Kerala from the banks of Narmada, Krishna, Kaveri rivers with the legendary creation of Kerala by Parasurama, the 6th avatar of Vishnu. According to this legend, the region was created when Parasurama threw his axe into the sea Although it is known that the present-day region of Kerala was once governed by the Chera dynasty, little information exists regarding its early ethnography. 
Brahmin presence in the Tamil country is attested from the Sangam period onward. Based on the fact that Nambudiris are Pūrvaśikhā Brahmins wearing the traditional hair tuft on the front, T.P Mahadevan proposes that they are the descendants of these Sangam age Brahmins who moved west into the region of Malabar during the Kalabhra interregnum. This sets them apart from the later Aparaśikhā Brahmin (wearing their hair tufts on the back) migrants to South India such as the Tamil Iyers. According to T.P Mahadevan, the Nambudiris brought with them a very early recension of the Mahabharata which became the basis of the Malayalam language version of the epic.

Anthropologists Heike Moser and Paul Younger note that the Nambudiri Brahmin presence predates the 9th century, as attested by grants of land given to them by ruling families. According to the historian Romila Thapar, local kings and chiefs encouraged them to move to the area by offering such tax-exempt land grants in return for them officiating in Vedic rites that would legitimise the grantors' status as rulers. They also gained land and improved their influence over the socio-economic life of the region by helping rulers during the wars between the Chola and Chera dynasties when Vedic schools were turned into military academies.

Operating from their "illam" houses, Nambudiris' ownership of agricultural land under the janmi system increased over many centuries and, according to Moser and Younger, they "established landholding temples and taught the people the rules of caste". The Nambudiris have been described to be responsible for the Sanskrit influence on Malayalam, basically a Dravidian language, due to the Nambudiri Brahmin's mixing of Sanskrit and the local Tamil language.

Medieval Kerala has been characterised as an oligarchy which was dominated by the Nambudiris, who owned all the temples and their subsidiary villages. The Nambudiris had influence with the ruling class through the practice of "sambandam", where younger Nambudiris used to have relationships with Kshatriya women or women from the upper sections of the Nair caste. The children of such unions were not considered Nambudiris, but a part of their matrilocal lineages. As a result of such unions, many kings and ruling chiefs in Kerala would be the offspring of Nambudiri fathers. These arrangements allowed the Nambudiris to gain political power in addition to religious and cultural dominance.

The Nambudiri's grip on land was maintained through the practice of strict primogeniture and patrilineal inheritance. Despite their younger members having hypergamous relationships with Nairs, whose caste traditions were matrilineal, Nambudiri families remained aloof from general society. Although the historian E. K. Pillai has claimed that the Nambudiris from the 1100s enforced matrilineal polyandry on the previously patrilineal communities of the area, sociologist Randall Collins thinks it is unlikely that such a change could be imposed and says that "more probably it was the result of a process of marriage politics spread by emulation in the decentralised situation of status competition." Some other scholars believe that the matrilineal customs predate the period entirely and cite the queens of the Pandyan dynasty as evidence for this.

The unwillingness of Nambudiris to adapt to changes in wider society persisted until the early years of the 20th century but Susan Bayly believes that their decline in significance can be traced to the period 1729-1748 when Marthanda Varma established the Kingdom of Travancore and chose to use Deshastha Brahmins from Tamil Nadu in his civil service. She believes that decision undermined the relationship between the Nambudiri Brahmins and royalty in the region, although others have said that Varma's influence was short-lived and that the main cause of change was the arrival of British colonial administrators, such as Colin Macaulay and John Munro, from the early 1800s. After the passing of the Charter Acts of 1833 and 1853 in the British Parliament, the British encouraged the work of Christian missionaries, notably in provision of education, and began the introduction of a judicial system that would have a significant impact on the landholdings, inheritance customs and marriage arrangements of both the Nambudiris and Nairs. The traditional basis of life was challenged by these and other changes, affecting also the other major ethnic groups of the area, such as the Ezhavas and the Syrian Christians.

Operating from their "illam" houses, Nambudiris' ownership of agricultural land under the janmi system increased over many centuries and, according to Moser and Younger, they "established landholding temples and taught the people the rules of caste". The Nambudiris have been described to be responsible for the Sanskrit influence on Malayalam, basically a Dravidian language, due to the Nambudiri Brahmin's mixing of Sanskrit and the local Tamil language.

Medieval Kerala has been characterised as an oligarchy which was dominated by the Nambudiris, who owned all the temples and their subsidiary villages. The Nambudiris had influence with the ruling class through the practice of "sambandam", where younger Nambudiris used to have relationships with Kshatriya women or women from the upper sections of the Nair caste. The children of such unions were not considered Nambudiris, but a part of their matrilocal lineages. As a result of such unions, many kings and ruling chiefs in Kerala would be the offspring of Nambudiri fathers. These arrangements allowed the Nambudiris to gain political power in addition to religious and cultural dominance.

The Nambudiri's grip on land was maintained through the practice of strict primogeniture and patrilineal inheritance. Despite their younger members having hypergamous relationships with Nairs, whose caste traditions were matrilineal, Nambudiri families remained aloof from general society. Although the historian E. K. Pillai has claimed that the Nambudiris from the 1100s enforced matrilineal polyandry on the previously patrilineal communities of the area, sociologist Randall Collins thinks it is unlikely that such a change could be imposed and says that "more probably it was the result of a process of marriage politics spread by emulation in the decentralised situation of status competition." Some other scholars believe that the matrilineal customs predate the period entirely and cite the queens of the Pandyan dynasty as evidence for this.

The unwillingness of Nambudiris to adapt to changes in wider society persisted until the early years of the 20th century but Susan Bayly believes that their decline in significance can be traced to the period 1729-1748 when Marthanda Varma established the Kingdom of Travancore and chose to use Deshastha Brahmins from Tamil Nadu in his civil service. She believes that decision undermined the relationship between the Nambudiri Brahmins and royalty in the region, although others have said that Varma's influence was short-lived and that the main cause of change was the arrival of British colonial administrators, such as Colin Macaulay and John Munro, from the early 1800s. After the passing of the Charter Acts of 1833 and 1853 in the British Parliament, the British encouraged the work of Christian missionaries, notably in provision of education, and began the introduction of a judicial system that would have a significant impact on the landholdings, inheritance customs and marriage arrangements of both the Nambudiris and Nairs. The traditional basis of life was challenged by these and other changes, affecting also the other major ethnic groups of the area, such as the Ezhavas and the Syrian Christians.

The following Vedic recensions are attested among them.


The ancient Vedic ritual of Agnicayana (the altar of fire), which spans a 12-day period and which Frits Staal and Robert Gardner claim to be one of the oldest known rituals, was maintained by Nambudiri Brahmins until at least 1975. Although it may have largely died out elsewhere in India and thus be symptomatic of the community's resistance to change, David Knipe notes that it is still performed regularly in Andhra Pradesh and has been for centuries.

Traditionally, they wore a simple cloth around the waist called a thorthu (or thortumundu), in domestic settings. When they had to travel, they wore two sets of cloth in addition known as a vasthram.

Nambudiris wore their traditional hair tufts ("kuṭumi" or "śikhā") on the front like the Dikshitars of Tamil Nadu.

Nambudiri Brahmin families practised a more strict version of primogeniture than Brahmin communities elsewhere in India. Under this custom, only the eldest son could marry a Nambudiri woman and thus produce an heir to the family property. Younger sons were restricted to sambandam relationships with non-Brahmin women, whom the Nambudiris considered to be concubines and whose offspring could not inherit. This tradition limited the extent of marriage within their own caste and led to the practice of hypergamy with the Nair community. Kathleen Gough notes that:

The disparity in caste ranking in a relationship between a Brahmin man and a Nair woman meant that the woman was unable to live with her husband(s) in the Brahmin family and so remained in her own family. The children resulting from such marriages always became Nairs. K. M. Panikkar argues that it is this type of relationship that resulted in the matrilineal and matrilocal system. It has also been argued that the practice, along with judicious selection of the man who tied the "thali", formed a part of the Nair aspirational culture whereby they would seek to improve their status within the caste. Furthermore, that: 

Although it is certain that in theory hypergamy can cause a shortage of marriageable women in the lowest ranks of a caste and promote upwards social movement from the lower Nair subdivisions, the numbers involved would have been very small. It was not a common practice outside the higher subcaste groups and the Nambudiris had mostly stopped the practice by the 1920s.

The form of Sanskrit theatre known as Koodiyattam, which is native to Kerala, was traditionally patronised by Nambudiris.

Josie Natori

Josie Natori, (born Josefina Almeda Cruz) is a Filipino-American fashion designer and former Wallstreet executive. Natori served as a commissioner on the White House Conference on Small Business. In March 2007, she was awarded the Order of Lakandula, one of the highest civilian awards in the Philippines.

Cat People

Cat People is a 1942 American horror movie directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Simone Simon, Kent Smith, Jack Holt, Tom Conway, Jane Randolph. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and was followed by the 1944 sequel "The Curse of the Cat People" and was remade in 1982.


Polygender

Polygender, plurigender or multigender is a non-binary identity in which the person experiences multiple genders. Pangender, bigender, and trigender are examples of multigender identities, sometimes along with androgyne, associated with demigender.

Saint Thomas Christians

The Saint Thomas Christians are a very old community in Kerala, India. They are also called Syrian Christians of India, Nasrani or Malabar Nasrani or Malankara Nasrani or Nasrani Mappila. They are an ethno-religious community of Indian Christians who follow the East Syriac Rite, West Syriac Rite and the liturgical rites of Syriac Christianity. They trace their origins to the evangelistic or missionariy activity of Thomas the Apostle in the 1st century. Nasrani is an Arabic word for "Christian" that came from the Greek word Nazōraioi, Nazarene in English. The Saint Thomas Christians are now divided into different Churches like Eastern Catholic, Oriental Orthodox, Protestant, and independent bodies, each with their own liturgies and traditions. They are Malayali people and speak the Malayalam language

Saint Thomas Christians are a community with different ethnicities or different origins. Their culture is largely from East Syriac, West Syriac, Hindu, Jewish, and Latin Rite influences, blended with local customs and later elements derived from indigenous Indian and European colonial contacts. Their language is Malayalam, the language of Kerala, and Syriac is used for prayers.

The Saint Thomas Christians have also been nicknamed such due to their reverence for Saint Thomas the Apostle, who is said to have brought Christianity to India. The name dates back to the period of Portuguese colonisation. Nasrani means Christian; it appears to have been derived from the Hebrew word Netzer or the Aramaic Nasraya from Isaiah 11:1. Mappila is an honorific applied to members of non-Indian faiths and descendants of immigrants from the middle east who had intermarried with the local population, including Muslims (Jonaka Mappila) and Jews (Yuda Mappila). Some Syrian Christians of Travancore continue to attach this honorific title to their names. The Government of India designates members of the community as Syrian Christians, a term originating with the Dutch colonial authority that distinguishes the Saint Thomas Christians, who used Syriac (within East Syriac Rite or West Syriac Rite) as their liturgical language, from newly evangelised Christians who followed the Roman Rite.The terms Syrian or Syriac relate not to their ethnicity but to their historical, religious and liturgical connection to the Church of the East, or East Syriac Church.

History

According to tradition, Thomas the Apostle came to Muziris on the Kerala coast in AD 52 and converted many Nambudiri Brahmins to christianity and established the Ezharapallikal. The most prominent families are Pakalomattam, Sankarapuri, Kalli, Kalliyankal, Nedumpally, Kunnappilly, Payyippilly, Vazhappilly, Maliekkal, Panakkamattom and Thayil.

The Cochin Jews are known to have existed in Kerala in the 1st century AD, and it was possible for an Aramaic-speaking Jew, such as St. Thomas from Galilee, to make a trip to Kerala then. The earliest known source connecting the Apostle to India is the Acts of Thomas, likely written in the early 3rd century, perhaps in Edessa. A number of 3rd and 4th century Roman writers also mention Thomas' trip to India, including Ambrose of Milan, Gregory of Nazianzus, Jerome, and Ephrem the Syrian, while Eusebius of Caesarea records that St. Clement of Alexandria's teacher Pantaenus from Alexandria visited a Christian community in India using the Gospel of Matthew in Hebrew language in the 2nd century.￼

The tradition of origin of the Christians in Kerala is found in a version of the Songs of Thomas or Thomma Parvam, written in 1601 and believed to be a summary of a larger and older work. Thomas is described as arriving in or around Maliankara and founding Seven Churches, or Ezharapallikal: Kodungallur, Kollam, Niranam, Nilackal (Chayal), Gokkamangalam, Kottakkavu , Palayoor and Thiruvithamcode Arappally (a "half church"). The Thomma Parvam also talks of the conversion of Jews, natives, and the local King at Kodungallur by St Thomas. The Thomma Parvam tells of St Thomas's mission in the rest of South India and his martyrdom at Mylapore in present-day Chennai, Tamil Nadu.￼

There is evidence that members of the St Thomas Christian community observed Brahmin customs in the Middle Ages, such as the wearing of the sacred thread and having a kudumi. The medieval historian Pius Malekandathil believes these were customs adopted and privileges won during the beginning of the Brahmin dominance of medieval Kerala. He argues that the Syrian Christians in Kerala, integrated with Persian Christian migrant merchants, in the 9th century to become a powerful trading community and were granted the privileges by the local rulers to promote revenue generation and to undermine Buddhist and Jain traders who rivaled the Brahmins for religious and political hegemony in Kerala at the time.

Tamil Brahmins

Tamil Brahmins are Tamil-speaking Brahmins, primarily living in Tamil Nadu, although a few of them have settled in other states like, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Karnataka. They can be broadly divided into three religious groups, Gurukkals who follow Saivism, Iyers who follow the Srauta and Smartha tradition and Iyengars who follow Sri Vaishnavism.
Tulu Nadu

Tulu Nadu, also called as Tulunaad, is a region on the southwestern coast of India. The Tulu people, known as 'Tuluva' (plural 'Tuluver'), speakers of Tulu, a Dravidian language, are the preponderant ethnic group of this region. South Canara, an erstwhile district and a historical area, encompassing the undivided territory of the contemporary Udupi, Dakshina Kannada, and Kasaragod districts, forms the cultural area of the Tuluver.

Historically, Tulu Nadu lay between the Gangavali River (Uttara Kannada district) in the north and the Chandragiri River (Kasaragod taluka) in the south. Currently, Tulu Nadu consists of the Udupi and Dakshina Kannada districts of Karnataka, and the northern parts of the Kasaragod district of Kerala up to the Chandragiri River.

This region is not an official administrative entity. However, the Tulu Nadu state movement has been gaining momentum since the Indian States Reorganisation Act, 1956.

Mangalore, the second largest and a major city of Karnataka, is the chief and largest city of Tulu Nadu. Udupi, Kasaragod and Puttur are the other major cities of this region.
References

List of Family Guy episodes

Family Guy is an American animated sitcom. It was created by Seth MacFarlane to be shown on television by the Fox Broadcasting Company. It is on its 19th season with over 350 episodes. It is behind "The Simpsons" on being the oldest show on Fox. On September 23, 2020, Fox said that the show will have 21 seasons.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Patharghata Upazila

Patharghata () is an Upazila of Barguna District in Bangladesh. It is a part of the Barisal Division. It has a total area of 387.36 km.

Patharghata Upazila is divided into Patharghata Municipality and seven union parishads. The list of union parishads:

The union parishads are subdivided into 42 mauzas and 66 villages. Patharghata Municipality is subdivided into 9 wards and 9 mahallas.

Dolphin shorts

Dolphin shorts or Dolfins are a specific style of unisex shorts for athletics. They are typically very short and were originally made from nylon with contrasting binding, side slits, and rounded corners, with a waistband at the top—a style popular in the 1980s. Richard Simmons is iconic for wearing "dolphin shorts" as his trademark.

Mad Max: Fury Road

Mad Max: Fury Road is a 2015 Australian post-apocalyptic action movie. It was co-written, co-produced, and directed by George Miller. Miller worked on the screenplay with Brendan McCarthy and Nico Lathouris. The movie is the fourth installment and "reboot" of the "Mad Max" films. It was produced by Kennedy Miller Mitchell and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. The movie stars Tom Hardy, Charlize Theron, Nicholas Hoult, Hugh Keays-Byrne, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Riley Keough, Zoë Kravitz, Abbey Lee and Courtney Eaton.


Margaret Cavendish, Duchess of Newcastle-upon-Tyne

Margaret Lucas Cavendish, Duchess of Newcastle-upon-Tyne (born in 1623 and died on 15 December 1673) was an English aristocrat, philosopher, poet, scientist, fiction-writer, and playwright during the 17th century. She wrote on many topics, such as gender, power, manners, scientific method, and philosophy.

Cape Feare

"Cape Feare" is the second episode in the fifth season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on the Fox network on October 7, 1993. The episode has Kelsey Grammer do the voice of Sideshow Bob. In the epidsode, Bob wants to kill Bart Simpson because Bart put him in jail. The episode is a parody of the 1991 movie with a similar name, "Cape Fear".


Knanaya

The Knānāya, (from Syriac: "Knā'nāya" (Canaanite)) also known as the Southists or Tekkumbhagar, are an endogamous ethnic group found among the Saint Thomas Christian community of Kerala, India. They are differentiated from another part of the community, known in this context as the Northists ("Vaddakkumbhagar"). There are about 300,000 Knanaya in India and elsewhere.

The origins of the division of the Saint Thomas Christians into Northist and Southist groups is traced back to the arrival of the Syrian merchant Thomas of Cana (Knāi Thoma) who led a migration of Syriac Christians (Jewish-Christians) from Mesopotamia to India in the 4th or 8th century. The Knanaya claim descent from Thomas of Cana and those who came with him. The communities arrival was recorded on the "Thomas of Cana copper plates " which existed in Kerala until the 17th century after which point they were taken to Portugal by the Franciscan Order. The ethnic division between the Knanaya and other St. Thomas Christians was observed during the Portuguese colonization of India in the 16th century and was noted throughout the European colonial era.

Today, the majority of Knanaya are members of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church (Kottayam Archeparchy) and the Jacobite Syrian Orthodox Church (Knanaya Archdiocese). They became increasingly prominent in Kerala in the late 19th century. Many Knanaya migrated away during the 20th and 21st centuries, largely westward, forming communities in non-Malayalam speaking areas, with a large expatriate community currently living in Houston, Texas and Chicago, Illinois in the United States.

The earliest extensive written evidence for the division of the Christian community of India dates to the 16th century. The St. Thomas Christian tradition defines the division as being both geographical and ethnic, expressing that the Native St. Thomas Christians initially resided on the north side of the Chera Empire's capitol city of Cranganore while the Middle Eastern migrant Knanaya arrived and settled on the south side, which subsequently led to the designations Northist and Southist. Celebrated St. Thomas Christian scholar Dr. Placid J. Podipara wrote the following about the division:

"The Thomas Christians hail the Apostle St. Thomas as the founder of their Church...The first converts of St. Thomas were reinforced by local conversions and by Christian colonizations (migrations) from abroad. Connected with the IV century colonization is the origin of those called the "Southists""

Directional divisions within communities are common in Kerala, including among Hindu groups. A similar north–south division is found among the Nairs, and it historically appears to have been in place in the early Brahmin settlements in the area. The Saint Thomas Christians may have taken this trait from the Brahmins. 

The historical rationale for the division between the majority St. Thomas Christians and minority Knanaya traces the divide to the figure of Thomas of Cana, a Syrian merchant who led a group of 72 Jewish-Christian immigrant families, a bishop named Uraha Mar Yausef, and clergymen from Mesopotamia to settle in Cranganore, India in the 4th century (some sources place these events as late as the 9th century). This may reflect a historical migration of East Syrian Christians to India around this time, which established the region's relationship with the Church of the East.In the commonly accepted accounts of this history, the Knanaya are the descendants of Thomas of Cana and his followers, while the Northists descend from the local Christian body which had been converted by Thomas the Apostle centuries earlier. The "Oxford History of the Christian Church" states the following about the division: 
"In time, Jewish Christians of the most exclusive communities descended from settlers who accompanied Knayil Thomma (Kanayi) became known as ‘Southists’ (Tekkumbha ̄gar)...They distinguished between themselves and ‘Northists’ (Vatakkumbha ̄gar). The ‘Northists’, on the other hand, claimed direct descent from the very oldest Christians of the country, those who had been won to Christ by the Apostle Thomas himself. They had already long inhabited northern parts of Kodungallur. They had been there even before various waves of newcomers had arrived from the Babylonian or Mesopotamian provinces of Sassanian Persia."

Elements of Thomas of Cana's arrival feature in ancient songs as well as the Thomas of Cana copper plates awarded to his followers by a local Hindu ruler. These plates granted Thomas' followers 72 social, economic, and religious rights from Cheraman Perumal, the Chera king. The plates were present in Kerala during the time of the Portuguese colonization in the early 17th century, but were lost during Portuguese rule. Archbishop Francis Ros notes in his 1604 account "M.S. ADD 9853" that the plates were taken to Portugal by the Franciscan Order. The Knanaya invoke the plates as evidence of their descent from Thomas of Cana's mission. 

Translations of the existing Kollam Syrian Plates of the 9th century made by the Syrian Christian priest Ittimani in 1601 as well as the French Indologist Abraham Anquetil Duperron in 1758 both note that the forth plate mentioned a brief of the arrival of Knai Thoma.It is believed that this was a notation of the previous rights bestowed upon the Christians by Cheraman Perumal. The contemporary forth plate however does not mention this paragraph and is believed to be a later copy. Scholar of Early Christian history Istavan Percvel theorizes that at one time the Kollam Syrian plates and the Thomas of Cana plates were kept together.

Knanaya tradition claims that the Syriac Christian migrants who arrived with Thomas of Cana were Jewish-Christians. Community scholars express the historicity of this tradition by noting that Jewish-Christian tribes in Mesopotamia were a major component of the early Church of the East. Additionally, scholars express that both Jewish and Christian merchants of the region took part in the Arabian Sea trade with Kerala.

The community also cites their culture as evidence of their Jewish-Christian heritage, particularly their folk songs first written on palm-leave manuscripts in the 17th century. Many of the historical songs allude to the migrants being of Jewish descent such as the song "Nallor Orosilam" (The Good Jerusalem) which states the migrants prayed at the tomb of the Jewish Prophet Ezra before departing to India. A number of Jewish scholars such as Dr. P.M. Jussay, Dr. Nathan Katz, Dr. Shalva Weil, and Dr. Ophira Gamliel have noted that the Knanaya maintain cultural similarities to the Cochin Jews of India,suggesting historic cultural relations between the two communities. 

In 1939, the Knanaya politician and author Joseph Chazhikaden published a book on the community, "Tekkumbhagasamudayam Charitram", in which he included some aspects of the communities Jewish claim. Chazhikaden built upon the Thomas of Cana tradition but asserted that Thomas' followers originated in Judea. According to Chazhikaden, the group converted to Christianity while maintaining their distinct culture and identity. Eventually, they were forced out of their homeland and moved to Cranganore, where they were welcomed by the ruler Cheraman Perumal and lived near, but maintained their separateness from, the indigenous "Northist" Saint Thomas Christians. Many modern Knanaya accept the account as factual, while others reject it. As with other Knanaya origin traditions, some Northists dispute and condemn it.

In many other variants recorded during the colonial era, Thomas of Cana had two wives or partners, one of them being the ancestor of the endogamous Southists, and the other one being the ancestor of the Northist. A number of traditions and stories have emerged to explain the status of either wife, and both Southists and Northists historically used variants of these traditions to claim superiority for their group.
These variants are considered apocryphal and are not the accepted tradition among contemporary Northist and Southist scholars who generally believe them to be the consequence of rivalry between the St. Thomas Christians and Knanaya. In most of these variants, the Southists' ancestor was Thomas' Syrian wife, while the Northists' was an indigenous St. Thomas Christian or Nair woman who became his second wife or concubine, implying that the Southists are Thomas' true heirs. In other variants, both wives were Kerala natives, while the Southists' forebearer was from a higher caste. 

Some Northist historically maintained versions which countered this assertion, claiming that the Knanaya descend from a "dobi" (washerwoman); in some versions of this story, she became Thoma's concubine, while in others she married a lower-caste Maaran boy. This assertion is based on the 1676 Portuguese document "M.S Sloane 2748-A", a likely forgery attributed to the Carmelite priest Father Mathew.

Historian of medieval India and Northist priest Pius Malekandathil argues that the two-wives legend was simply a creation of rivalry between the Middle Eastern migrant Knanaya and the Native St. Thomas Christians. Malekandathil expresses that the story originated in the medieval era due to the two ethnic groups of Christians asserting socioeconomic dominance over the other. Furthermore, Malekandathil notes that the two-wives legend is not the accepted tradition among the people of Kerala but instead that the indigenous Saint Thomas Christians got the appellation "Northists" because they were initially located on the northern part of the city of Cranganore, while the migrant Knanaya under the leadership of Thomas of Cana were given the southern side of the city which led to the generic title of "Southists".

House of Representatives of Fiji

The House of Representatives was the lower chamber of Fiji's Parliament from 1970 to 2006. It was the more powerful of the two chambers.

The House of Representatives was suspended by the 2006 military coup. The 2013 Constitution abolished it and replaced it with a single chamber Parliament.


Senate of Fiji

The Senate of Fiji was the upper chamber of Parliament. It was abolished by the 2013 Constitution of Fiji, after a series of military coups. 

The Senate had 32 members. They were appointed by the President for five-year terms at the same time as the term of the House of Representatives.


Suhaila Seddiqi

Suhaila Siddiq (March 11, 1949 – December 4, 2020) was an Afghan politician. She was born in Kabul, Afghanistan. Seddiqi was Minister of Public Health from 2001 to 2004 during the Hamid Karzai presidency.

Seddiqi died on December 4, 2020 in Kabul from Alzheimer's disease-related problems at the age of 71.


Anand Singh

Anand Singh Bisht (8 August 19484 December 2020) was a Fijian lawyer and politician. He was born in Bombay, India. 

Singh was a member of the Labour Party. From 1999 to 2000, he was a member of the House of Representatives and Attorney General. From 2001 to 2006, Singh was a member of the Senate.

Singh died on 4 December 2020 in Auckland, New Zealand at the age of 72.

Giuseppe Dalla Torre

Giuseppe Dalla Torre del Tempio di Sanguinetto (27 August 1943 – 3 December 2020) was an Italian lawyer and educator. He was born in Rome. He was a Rector of the Libera Università Maria SS. Assunta between 1991 to 2014. 

Dalla Torre died on 3 December 2020 in Rome from COVID-19 at the age of 77.

National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine

The National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine (NASU; , "Natsional’na akademiya nauk Ukrayiny", abbr: NAN Ukraine) is a self-governing state-funded organization in Ukraine. It focuses on the development of science and technology.

Anatoly Samoilenko

Anatoly Mykhailovych Samoilenko () (January 2, 1938 – December 4, 2020) was a Ukrainian mathematician. He was an Academician of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine from 1995 until his death and he was the Director of the Institute of Mathematics of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine from 1988 until his death. Samoilenko was born in Potiivka, Soviet Union.

Samoilenko died on December 4, 2020 in Kyiv, Ukraine at the age of 82.

André Gagnon

André Gagnon (August 2, 1936 – December 3, 2020) was a Canadian composer, conductor, arranger, and actor. He was known for his works of classical and pop styles. Many of his best known compositions were "Neiges", "Smash", "Chevauchée", "Surprise", "Donna", and "Mouvements" in the disco and pop fields. He was born in Quebec. Gagnon was appointed an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1978 and an Officer of the National Order of Quebec in 2018.

Gagnon died on December 3, 2020 in Montreal from problems caused by Lewy body dementia at the age of 84.

Jutta Lampe

Jutta Lampe (13 December 1937 – 3 December 2020) was a German actress. She appeared in more than twenty movies from 1963 until his death. She was born in Flensburg, Germany.

Lampe was known for her roles in "Sisters, or the Balance of Happiness" (1979), "Marianne and Juliane" (1981), "The Distant Land" (1987) and "The Possessed" (1988).

Lampe died on 3 December 2020 in Berlin at the age of 82.

Alison Lurie

Alison Lurie (September 3, 1926December 3, 2020) was an American novelist and academic. She won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction for her 1984 novel "Foreign Affairs". She was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Lurie died on December 3, 2020 in Ithaca, New York at the age of 94.

Albert Salvadó

Albert Salvadó i Miras (1 February 1951 – 3 December 2020) was an Andorran writer and industrial engineer. He wrote in both Catalan and Spanish. Salvadó wrote children's stories, essays and novels, often focusing on historical fiction. He was born in Andorra la Vella.

Salvadó died on 3 December 2020 in Andorra la Vella from leukaemia at the age of 69.


Chris Krebs

Christopher Cox Krebs (born January 30, 1977 in Atlanta, Georgia ) is an American attorney who served as the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency in the United States Department of Homeland Security from November 2018 to November 2020.

In November 2020, President Donald Trump fired Krebs for not agreeing with Trump on the disproven claim of election fraud in the 2020 presidential election.

Monolith

A monolith is a geological feature. It is a massive stone or rock. 

Erosion usually causes the geological formations, which are often made of very hard and solid igneous or metamorphic rock.

In other words, a monolith is what's left after most of an original rock or mountain is worn away.


Brian Deese

Brian Christopher Deese (born February 17, 1978) is an American economic political advisor. He was the Director of the National Economic Council in the Joe Biden administration from January 20, 2021 until February 21, 2023.

Deese was a senior advisor to U.S. President Barack Obama. He was the deputy director of the Office of Management and Budget and was the acting director of the office in the summer of 2014. 

Deese also was deputy director of the National Economic Council. 

In December 2020, Deese was chosen as the director of the National Economic Council by Joe Biden.

In February 2023, it was announced that Deese would be leaving his position. Vice Chair of the Federal Reserve Lael Brainard was selected as his replacement.

Gitanjali Rao (scientist)

Gitanjali Rao (born 19 November 2005) is an American inventor. She won the Discovery Education 3M Young Scientist Challenge in 2017. She was honored as Forbes 30 U 30 for her innovations. She was named TIME Top young innovator in 2020 for her innovations and "innovation workshops" she conducts across the globe. In the December 2020 cover, "Time " named Rao the first "Kid of the Year". Rao was born in Lone Tree, Colorado.

Lone Tree, Colorado

Lone Tree is a home rule municipality in Douglas County, Colorado, United States. The city population was 14,253 at the 2020 United States Census.

White hole

A white hole is a hypothetical region in spacetime. It has "not" been proven to exist.

It is said to be the exact opposite of a black hole. While a black hole sucks in objects to its singularity, the white hole emits matter from its singularity. A white hole may be formed after a black hole can no longer suck things in. Immediately, it turns into a white hole and starts emitting the things that it has previously sucked in before. Nothing can enter a white hole as its emitting force is too great. In this sense, it is the reverse of a black hole, which can be entered only from the outside and from which energy-matter, light and information cannot escape.

Like black holes, white holes have properties like mass, charge, and angular momentum. They attract matter like any other mass, but objects falling towards a white hole would never actually reach the white hole's event horizon.

Sardinian tree frog

The Sardinian tree frog, Sardinia tree frog or Tyrrhenian tree frog ("Hyla sarda") is a frog. It lives on islands: Sardinia in Italy, Corsica in France and other islands nearby.

This frog is 38 to 40 mm long from nose to rear end. It is green or gray with a dark stripe down each side of its body. This frog can change color.

This frog can live near humans. Sometimes it lives in gardens and hides in garden walls.

Phumulani

Phumulani is a nonprofit organization dedicated to preventing domestic violence and sexual abuse in communities of color throughout Minnesota and globally.

Phumulani was founded by Comfort Dondo, a survivor of childhood sexual abuse and domestic violence. Born and raised in Zimbabwe and now residing in Minnesota, Comfort’s struggle with domestic violence was compounded by the inability of women’s shelters in America to provide the language, cultural and societal resources she and her children needed to feel safe and supported. Often, she found herself back in her abuser’s home with no alternative. 

Now free from the dangerous situation, Comfort wants to make sure women and children of African descent have the cultural resources they need to feel comfortable in sharing their stories and recovering from their experiences. She understands firsthand that individuals who have fled African countries to save their lives often have lasting trauma that needs to be acknowledged and treated holistically to ensure long-term progress. 

"Comfort created Phumulani, named for a Zulu word meaning “refuge,” as a way of helping African immigrants and refugees in Minnesota. It is truly a place where survivors of gender-based abuse and violence can find peace and recovery."

To stop violence and abuse of women and children. Phumulani is a non-profit organization dedicated to preventing domestic violence and sexual abuse in communities of color throughout Minnesota and the nation. By providing culturally-specific resources to women and girls of African descent, we hope to change the cycle of gender-based abuse in the vulnerable populations.

(524522) 2002 VE68

(524522) 2002 VE is an asteroid and a temporary quasi-satellite of Venus. It was the first quasi-satellite to be found around a planet in the Solar System. It looks like it travels around Venus during one Venerean year but it actually orbits the Sun, not Venus.

It was discovered on 11 November 2002 at Lowell Observatory. It has a semi-major axis of 0.7237 AU. Its eccentricity is 0.4104. Its orbital inclination is 9.0060°. It is calculated to measure 236 meters in diameters. Its rotational period is 13.5 hours.

2002 VE is in the Minor Planet Center list of Potentially Hazardous Asteroids (PHAs) because it frequently comes as close as 0.05 AU (7,479,894 km) to Earth. It comes as close as 0.04 AU (5,983,915 km) every 8 years.

Ciudad Nezahualcóyotl

Nezahualcóyotl, commonly known as Neza, is a city in Mexico. In 2010, the city had about 1.105 million people living there. 

Quasi-satellite

A quasi-satellite is an astronomical object that crosses a planet's orbit during its own orbit.

A quasi-satellite's orbit around the Sun takes exactly the same time as the planet's orbit. Its eccentricity is different from the eccentricity of the planet. The orbits of quasi-satellites are unstable and over time they will break free from the planet's gravity.

Manoj Sinha

Manoj Sinha (born 1 July 1959) is an Indian politician. On 6 August 2020, he became the 2nd Lieutenant Governor of Jammu and Kashmir. 

He was the Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Communications and Minister of State for Railways in the Government of India. 

Sinha was elected as Member of Parliament in the Lok Sabha, representing Ghazipur for three terms from the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Kirby Star Allies

Kirby Star Allies is a 2018 platformer video game for the Nintendo Switch. It was released worldwide on March 16th, 2018. It was developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo. It is part of the "Kirby" series. 

Kirby Star Allies plays similarly to previous Kirby entries. Kirby can run and jump, and if the jump button is pressed multiple times, he can float. Kirby can inhale enemies to get copy abilities; special power-ups that are of a certain element or other thing (example: Fire). 

Albanian Americans

Albanian Americans () are Americans of full or partial Albanian ancestry and heritage in the United States. They trace their ancestry to the territories with a large Albanian population in the Balkans among others to Albania, Italy, Kosovo, North Macedonia and Montenegro.

Dharampal Gulati

Dharam Pal Gulati (27 March 1923 – 3 December 2020), also known as Mahashay Dharampal Gulati, was an Indian businessman, and founder and CEO of MDH ("Mahashian Di Hatti"; ), an Indian spice company. He was known as the 'spice-king'. He was awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2019. He was known for being the founder and CEO of MDH.

Gulati died on 3 December 2020 at a hospital in Delhi of a cardiac arrest at the age of 97.

Kwansei Gakuin University

, colloquially known as , is a non-denominational Christian private and coeducational university in Japan. 

It offers Bachelor’s, Master’s, and Doctoral degrees to around 25,000 students. The university has a central campus in the city of Nishinomiya, and also has satellite campuses in Nishinomiya, Sanda, Osaka, and Tokyo. 

Kwansei Gakuin University has been selected for part the Japanese government's Top Global University Project as a Type B (Global Traction) university. The university is often known as one of the four leading private universities in the greater Kansai region.

Kwansei Gakuin University is a prestigious institution in Japan, known for its high academic standards and comprehensive educational offerings. It consistently ranks well among Japanese universities and is recognized for its commitment to liberal arts education. The university has reputable achievements for economic , business administration, sociology, as well as global studies, which is contributing to its standing as a respected institution both nationally and internationally.

Ethnic clashes of Târgu Mureș

The ethnic clashes of Târgu Mureș (also called "Black March", ) are about the violent incidents against the Hungarian ethnic group in Târgu Mureș and surrounding settlements in Transylvania, Romania in March 1990. 

The clashes were the bloodiest inter-ethnic incidents of the post-communist era in Transylvania. It has been an important cultural and political center for the Hungarian minority in Transylvania.

Târgu Mureș

Târgu Mureș (; , ) is the seat of Mureș County in the historical region of Transylvania, Romania. It is the 16th largest Romanian city. About 134,290 lived here based of the 2011 census.

Bulgarian Americans

Bulgarian Americans are Americans of Bulgarian descent.

Betsy Wade

Elizabeth Wade Boylan (July 18, 1929 – December 3, 2020), better known by her maiden name Betsy Wade, was an American journalist and newspaper columnist. Wade was born in New York City.

In 1956, Wade became the first woman to edit news copy at "The New York Times". In 1974, she was one of seven people involved in a successful class action lawsuit against the "Times" for gender discrimination. She also became the first woman to be chief editor on the foreign desk in 1972.  Wade continued working for the "Times" until 2001.

Wade was diagnosed with colon cancer in 2017. She died on December 3, 2020, at age 91 at her home in New York City.

Narinder Singh Kapany

Narinder Singh Kapany (; 31 October 1926 – 4 December 2020) was an Indian-born American physicist. He was known for his work in fibre optics. He was named as one of the seven "Unsung Heroes" by "Fortune". He was known as "Father of Fiber Optics".

The term "fibre optics" was created by Singh Kapany in 1956. He was IOFS officer.

Singh Kapany died on 4 December 2020 in California, aged 94.

Victorino Mapa

Victorino Montano Mapa (February 25, 1855 – April 12, 1927) was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. He later became the second Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines under the Insular Government of the Philippine Islands. 

Alejandro Melchor

Alejandro Melchor (1900-1947) was a Filipino civil engineer, mathematician, and member of the Cabinet of the Philippines. He was born in Ibajay, Aklan. Melchor was best known for his work on pontoon bridges during the Second World War. The Melchor Hall in the University of the Philippines - Diliman campus was named after him.

Harold Arboleda

Harold Miguel Davis Arboleda (born September 9, 1990) is a Filipino professional basketball player. He plays for Zamboanga Family's Brand Sardines of the Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League. 

Alexander Nikolayevich Mikhailov

Aleksandr Nikolayevich Mikhailov ( September 15, 1951 – December 4, 2020) was a Russian politician. He was Governor of Kursk Oblast in Russia from 2000 to 2018. He was a member of the State Duma from 1993 to 2000 and of the Federation Council from 2018 until his death. 

Mikhailov died on December 4, 2020 at the age of 69.

Francisco de Zurbarán

 

Francisco of Zurbarán (Source of Singings, Badajoz, 7 November 1598 – Madrid, 27 August 1664) was a painter and artist of the Century of Spanish Gold.

Contemporary and fellow of Velázquez, Zurbarán stood out in the religious painting, in which his painting reveals a big visual hard and a deep mysticism. It was a representative artist of the Contrarreforma. Influenced in his beginnings by italian painterCaravaggio, his style was evolving to approximate to the mastersmanieristas Italians. His representations move away of the realism of Velázquez and his compositions characterise by a modelling claroscuro with tones sourer.

Authon, Loir-et-Cher

Authon is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France, next to Vendôme.

Jon Bellion

Jonathon Akande David Bellion (born December 26, 1990) is an American singer, rapper, songwriter, and record producer. He was born and raised in Lake Grove, New York. He is famous for his single "All Time Low" He has released four mixtapes and two studio albums. His first studio album The Human Condition was released on June 10, 2016 and debuted number 5 on US Billboard 200.

He is currently signed to Visionary Music Group and Capitol Records.

Jon Bellion was born and raised in Lake Grove, New York. He comes from an Italian family who came from Naples. With a chance to play Basketball in college, Jon Bellion chose music over Basketball. After high school, he enrolled in the music program at the private Five Towns College in Dix Hills, New York. At 19 years old, he dropped to drop out of college and start writing professionally. He worked under songwriter and Warner Brothers A&R executive Kara DioGuardi for a year. With Kara, he learned how to write songs for different artists.

Jon Bellion's first mixtape, "Scatter Thoughts Vol. 1" was released in early 2011 through his Facebook page and reached over 11,00 downloads. Bellion writes and produces all of his own music. Jon Bellion then signed with Visionary Music Group in 2012.

In 2012, Jon Bellion wrote the chorus to the song "The Monster" by Eminem featuring Rihanna. This song won a Grammy Award in the 2015 Grammy Awards for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration.

Jon Bellion released his second free project, "Translations Through Speaker" on February 20,2013. Then released his third project, "The Separation" on December 10, 2013 and his fourth free project, "The Definition" on September 23, 2014. He also announced his first national tour in October 2014.

Bellion released several singles in early 2015, including "Woodstock (Psychedelic Fiction)", "All Time Low", and "Woke the F*ck Up" through Capitol Records. On March 31, 2015, Bellion announced his second national tour, The Definition Tour. The tour started on May 26 and ended on July 2.
Bellion confirmed that his debut album The Human Condition and was set to be released on June 10, 2016. He released three promotional singles from the album: "Guillotine", on April 13,2016, "80's Films", on May 27, 2016, and "Maybe IDK" on June 2, 2016. The lead single from the album, "All Time Low" was released on May 13,2016 and became his most successful single to date, reaching number 16 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and was certified Double-platinum in the United States and Australia.

In June 2017, Bellion was picked as Elvis Duran's Artist of the Month and was featured on NBC's Today show hosted by Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb and broadcast nationally where he performed "All Time Low" live. Jon Bellion was the opening act for the rock duo Twenty One Pilots' in 2017

On January 25, Bellion teased a snippet of an upcoming song on an Instagram video. On April 16, Bellion began teasing his next album with 4 captions captioned with "GSP".
On October 9, Bellion posted a photo to his Twitter account from "GSP Staff", stating: "Tomorrow, Headmaster Stormzy requests your presence for an orientation ceremony in the main atrium. Time: 3:00 pm EST." The day after, he announced the studio album "Glory Sound Prep" on his Twitter account, which was set to be released on November 9, 2017. 

Bellion officially started his own record label in July 2019 called Beautiful Mind Records and signed the pop/soul band, Lawrence. Lawrence was the opener for most of his shows on the Glory Sound Prep Tour. He helped write and produce their first three singles "Casualty", "It's Not All About You", and "The Weather."

Main article: Jon Bellion Discography

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

1. https://www.elitedaily.com/entertainment/jon-bellion-interview/1530077 "Elite Daily" June 21, 2016<br>

2. https://www.forbes.com/sites/ogdenpayne/2016/08/15/how-visionary-music-group-became-an-independent-record-label-with-major-appeal/?sh=388184052a2d

3. http://www.mtv.com/news/1716476/eminem-rihanna-jon-bellion-the-monster-writer/
120347 Salacia

120347 Salacia (symbol ) is a trans-Neptunian object in the Kuiper belt. It is approximately 920 kilometers in diameter. As of 2018, it is found about 44.8 astronomical units from the Sun.

Salacia was discovered on 22 September 2004, by American astronomers Henry Roe, Michael Brown and Kristina Barkume at the Palomar Observatory in California, United States. It was named after the Roman goddess Salacia. It has one known moon, Actaea.

It has an average density of 1.51 g/cm. Salacia is estimated to be around 846 km in diameter. Salacia has the lowest albedo of any known large trans-Neptunian object.

Christine Tremarco

Christine Tremarco (born 20 September 1977) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Davina Shackleton in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2007–2009), and Linda Andrews in the BBC medical drama series "Casualty" (2010–2013). 

Tremarco has also had starring roles on British dramas such as "Bordertown" (1995), "Springhill" (1996–1997), "City Central" (1998), "Clocking Off" (2000), "Nice Guy Eddie" (2001–2002), and "The Responder" (2021).

Tremarco made her acting debut as Lily in the 1992 television film "The Leaving of Liverpool", a 1950s-based drama about the forced migration of children to Australia.

In 2017, Tremarco appeared in ITV's four-part drama series "Little Boy Blue" as Marie Thompson, the mother of one of the gang members involved in assisting the cover up of Rhys Jones' murder, in 2007.

In 2019, she played Sinead Kovac in all ten episodes of the 5Star prison drama "Clink". 

Tremarco's other television credits include minor roles in "Heartbeat" (1997), "Coronation Street" (1998), "Liverpool 1" (1999), "Coming Up" (2003), and "Silent Witness" (2011).

Digital distribution

Digital distribution (also named content delivery), is the delivery (through downloading) of any digital content, including audio, e-books, games, PDFs, pictures, software, and video. Digital distribution is handled through a digital distribution platform that's designed to stream the digital content or allow the content to be downloaded in full. 

The primary behavior of online distribution is its direct nature of distribution. 

To make a commercially successful work, artists usually must enter their industry's publishing chain. Publishers help artists advertise, fund and distribute their work to retail outlets. In some industries, particularly video games, artists find themselves bound to publishers, and in many cases unable to make the content they want; the publisher might not think it will profit well. This can quickly lead to the standardization of the content and to the stifling of new, potentially risky ideas.

By opting for online distribution, an artist can get their work into the public sphere of interest easily with potentially minimum business overhead. This often leads to cheaper goods for the consumer, increased profits for the artists, as well as increased artistic freedom. Online distribution platforms typically contain or act as a form of digital rights management.

Online distribution also opens the door to new business models (e.g., the Open Music Model). For instance, an artist could release one track from an album or one chapter from a book at a time instead of waiting for them all to be completed. This either gives them a cash boost to help continue their projects or indicates that their work might not be financially viable. This is hopefully done before they have spent excessive money and time on a project deemed to remain unprofitable. Video games have increased flexibility in this area, demonstrated by micropayment models. A clear result of these new models is their accessibility to smaller artists or artist teams who do not have the time, funds, or expertise to make a new product in one go.

An example of this can be found in the music industry. Indie artists may access the same distribution channels as major record labels, with potentially fewer restrictions and manufacturing costs. There is a growing collection of 'Internet labels' that offer distribution to unsigned or independent artists directly to online music stores, and in some cases marketing and promotion services. Further, many bands are able to bypass this completely, and offer their music for sale via their own independently controlled websites.

An issue is the large number of incompatible formats in which content is delivered, restricting the devices that may be used, or making data conversion necessary.

225088 Gonggong

225088 Gonggong (symbol ) is a dwarf planet of the Solar System. It is a member of the scattered disc. It has a highly eccentric orbit. It is from 34–101 astronomical units (5.1–15.1 billion kilometers; 3.2–9.4 billion miles) from the Sun. It is the sixth-farthest known Solar System object. Gonggong was discovered in July 2007 by American astronomers Megan Schwamb, Michael Brown, and David Rabinowitz at the Palomar Observatory, and the discovery was announced in January 2009.

The surface of Gonggong has an albedo of 0.14. Gonggong is among the reddest trans-Neptunian objects known. Its red color is suprising because it has a lot of water ice on its surface, which are usually neutral in color. Scientists think that there might be methane on its surface which will explain its red color.

Gonggong is estimated to have a diameter of 1,230 km (760 mi). This would make Gonggong the fifth-largest trans-Neptunian object, after Pluto, Eris, Haumea and Makemake. Gonggong is approximately the size of Pluto's moon Charon.

The mass of Gonggong has been calculated to be 1.75×10 kg (3.86×10 lb). It has a density of 1.72±0.16 g/cm.

Gonggong orbits the Sun at an average distance of 67.5 AU (1.010×10 km; 6.27×10 mi). It completes a full orbit in 554 years. It has an orbital inclination 30.7 degrees. Its eccentricity is 0.50.

Gonggong is moving away at a speed of 1.1 kilometers per second (2,500 miles per hour). It is the sixth-farthest known Solar System object from the Sun.

It was calculated by planetary scientist Amanda Zangari that a flyby mission to Gonggong would take a minimum of over 20 years with the rocket we have today. A flyby mission would be launched on 2030 or 2031.

Gonggong is known to have a moon, called Xiangliu. The discovery team thought that the slow rotation of Gonggong was caused by a moon

Sue Devaney

Sue Devaney (born Susan Barber; 2 July 1967) is an English actress, known for portraying the roles of Debbie Webster in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (1984–1985, 2019–present), Rita in the BBC children's kitchen sink realism programme "Jonny Briggs" (1985–1987), Liz Harker in the BBC medical drama series "Casualty" (1994–1997), and Jane in the BBC sitcom "Dinnerladies" (1998–2000).

Rachel Leskovac

Rachel Leskovac (born 5 June 1976) is an English actress and singer. She is best known for portraying the roles of Kelly Yorke in the BBC medical drama series "Holby City" (2003–2004), Natasha Blakeman in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2008–2010, 2020–2021), and Joanne Cardsley in the Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks" (2015–2016). In 2023, Leskovac began appearing as Coral Walker in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road". She has been nominated for a Laurence Olivier Award.

Angela Griffin

Angela Mellissa Griffin (born 19 July 1976) is an English actress and television presenter, who has been active on British television since the early 1990s. She is best known for her roles in "Coronation Street", "Holby City" and "Waterloo Road".

Between 1992 and 1998, she appeared in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" as hairdresser Fiona Middleton. She made a guest appearance in 2019. Subsequently, she joined the original cast of the BBC One medical drama series "Holby City" as staff nurse Jasmine Hopkins, but left at the end of the third series in 2001, as the next series would be longer. Griffin has also appeared in the BBC dramas "Cutting It" and "Down to Earth".

Between 2006 and 2010, she appeared as Art teacher and head of pastoral care Kim Campbell, opposite former "Cutting It" co-star Jason Merrells and former "Coronation Street" co-star Denise Welch in the BBC One school-based drama series "Waterloo Road". She took maternity leave for the third series in late 2007/early 2008, but returned to the role for the fourth series in 2009. However, she left once again at the end of the fifth series to concentrate on her new daytime show on Sky1. In January 2022, it was announced that Griffin would be reprising her role as Kim for the shows eleventh series, which began airing in January 2023. 

Born and raised in Leeds, Griffin was born to an English mother and Caribbean father from Saint Kitts and Nevis.

Jason Done

Jason Done (born 5 April 1973) is an English actor and narrator. He is best known for portraying the role of Tom Clarkson in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2006–2013); making him the second longest-serving cast member in the show's history. He also portrayed Mordred in the 1998 mini-series "Merlin" and Stephen Snow in the ITV drama series "Where the Heart Is" (1999–2001). 

As well as narrating various programmes, he has portrayed minor roles on British dramas such as "Peak Practice", "Coronation Street", "Casualty", "Vera" and "Death in Paradise".

Blockade (1938 movie)

Blockade is a 1938 American war drama movie directed by William Dieterle and starring Henry Fonda, Madeleine Carroll, Leo Carrillo, Vladimir Sokoloff, Reginald Denny. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1939.


Kung Fu Panda 3

Kung Fu Panda 3 is a 2016 computer-animated movie directed by Jennifer Yuh Nelson and Alessandro Carloni. It was written by Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger. The movie stars the voices of Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman, Angelina Jolie, Lucy Liu, Seth Rogen, David Cross, James Hong and Jackie Chan.



Saigon railway station

The Saigon railway station () is the train station for Ho Chi Minh City. It is the southernmost train station of the North-South railway in Vietnam. It is about 1 km away from the city center.

The Saigon railway station of today is not the first train station for the city. The first train station was located across Ben Thanh Market near the city center. Although the city's name was changed from Saigon to Ho Chi Minh City at the end of the Vietnam War in 1975, the name of the train station did not change.

Andrea Torres

Andrea Elizabeth Eugenio Torres (born May 4, 1990) is a Filipina actress, host, and commercial model. She is part of the GMA Network talents.

Her most notable roles include being on the shows Contessa, Victor Magtanggol, and Better Woman. 

Torres was born on May 4, 1990. She graduated from University of Santo Tomas. She was previously in a relationship with her former leading man, Derek Ramsay. Their relationship ended on Nov 19, 2020. She has been linked to Latvian-born investor James Richman. 

North Korean defectors

North Korean defectors are North Korean people who left North Korea to become citizens in a new country. In North Korea, it is against the law to leave North Korea without permission. North Koreans are also not allowed to change their own citizenship, so anyone born a North Korean must also die a North Korean. The punishment for leaving North Korea without permission is extremely harsh. People who are caught are usually sent a prison camp or put to death in public. Like many other crimes in North Korea, illegally leaving the country may not only punish the accused, but also his or her family up to three generations.

Although the punishments for illegally leaving North Korea are extremely harsh, the number who try to leave the country is still somewhat high. This is because North Koreans are so poor and have so little freedom that defectors believe finding a better life in a new country is worth risking their lives for it. Since the North Korean famine in the 1990s, more than 30,000 North Koreans have successfully left and have come to South Korea. Some sources say that somewhere between 100,000 to 300,000 North Koreans escaped into Russia or China since 1953. Of the defectors who came to South Korea, more than 70% are women. 

The goal of most defectors is to get to South Korea because the South Korean constitution allows South Korean citizenship to anyone born in either North or South Korea. However, the way to get to South Korea is so difficult that most defectors never made it there. There are many different ways to get to South Korea, and all are difficult. However, some are more difficult than others.

One possible way is to cross the North-South Korea border through the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). However, most defectors do not take this route because it is extremely deadly. The DMZ has many landmines, tanks, electric wires, machine gun towers, and guards on both sides. In fact, North Korean soldiers have orders to kill any North Korean trying to cross the border. In some cases, South Korean soldiers have actually rescued some North Koreans crossing the border. Only 21 of the 33,000 defectors have crossed the DMZ and lived through it. Almost all of these were North Korean soldiers who had some knowledge of the DMZ.

There were at least two defectors who successfully swam to Japan.

However, most defectors begin their escape through China. This is because the Tumen and Yalu Rivers (the rivers that make up the China-North Korea border) are much easier and safer to cross. However, most defectors do not stay in China because they are still in danger. Most defectors caught by the China government are either sent back to North Korea, where they would most likely be killed, or be sold as a wife or a sex slave in China. This is why most North Korean defectors try to go into second country before finally coming to South Korea. These countries include Mongolia, Russia, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, and Thailand.

There is also a sizeable community of North Korean defectors in the United States (mostly people who who fled to South Korea during the Korean War and later emigrated to the USA). Since the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 which allowed North Korean defectors to be admitted as refugees, about 130 people have settled in the U.S. under such status.

Alexander's Ragtime Band

Alexander's Ragtime Band is a 1938 American musical movie directed by Henry King and was based on the 1911 song of the same name by Irving Berlin. It stars Tyrone Power, Alice Faye, Don Ameche, Ethel Merman, Jack Haley, Helen Westley, John Carradine, Wally Vernon, Ruth Terry, Stanley Andrews and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 6 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1939.


Where No Vultures Fly

Where No Vultures Fly is a 1951 British adventure movie directed by Harry Watt and starring Anthony Steel, Dinah Sheridan, Harold Warrender, William Simons. It was followed up by the 1954 sequel "West of Zanzibar".


They Gave Him a Gun

They Gave Him a Gun is a 1937 American crime drama movie directed by W.S. Van Dyke and was based on the 1936 novel of the same name by William J. Cowen. It stars Spencer Tracy, Gladys George, Franchot Tone, Edgar Dearing, Cliff Edwards and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Pamela Tiffin

Pamela Tiffin Wonso (October 13, 1942 – December 2, 2020) was an American actress and model. She was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Tiffin began acting 1960 until 1989. Tiffin was known for his roles as Scarlet in "One, Two, Three" (1961), Nellie in "Summer and Smoke" (1961) and as Miranda in "Harper" (1966).

Tiffin died on December 2, 2020 in New York City at the age of 78.


Pyramid of Neferirkare

The Pyramid of Neferirkare was built for the Fifth Dynasty pharaoh Neferirkare Kakai in the 25th century BC. 

It was the tallest structure on the highest site at the necropolis of Abusir, between Giza and Saqqara. It still towers over the necropolis. The pyramid is also significant because its evacuation led to the discovery of the Abusir Papyri.

The Fifth Dynasty marked the end of the great pyramid constructions during the Old Kingdom.

Pyramids of the era were smaller and became more standardized. There was still intricate relief decoration. Neferirkare's pyramid deviated from convention as it was originally built as a step pyramid. That design that had gone out of date after the Third Dynasty (26th or 27th century BC). 

The pharaoh's death left the work to be completed by his successors. The remaining works were completed in haste, using cheaper building material. Because of the haste, Neferirkare's monument lacked several basic elements of a pyramid complex: a valley temple, a causeway, and a cult pyramid. 

The monuments to Neferirkare's consort, Khentkaus II; and his sons, Neferefre and Nyuserre Ini, are in the surrounds.

Bill Fitsell

John Walter "Bill" Fitsell (July 25, 1923December 3, 2020) was a Canadian sports journalist and historian. He was a columnist for "The Kingston Whig-Standard" from 1961 to 1993.

Fitsell was the founding president of the Society for International Hockey Research in 1991. He was involved with the International Hockey Hall of Fame from 1969 to 2005.

Fitsell died on December 3, 2020 in Kingston, Ontario at the age of 97.

(307261) 2002 MS4

(307261) 2002 MS is a large classical Kuiper belt object. It is a possible dwarf planet in the Kuiper belt. It was discovered in 2002 by Chad Trujillo and Michael Brown.

The Spitzer Space Telescope estimated it to have a diameter of 726±123 km, while the Herschel Space Telescope estimated it to be 934±47 km.

2002 MS does not have any known moons orbiting it, thus an accurate mass estimate cannot be made. Based on its size, Brown lists it as nearly certain to be a dwarf planet, however, its low albedo may imply the opposite: dark, mid-sized bodies such as this, less than about 1000 km in diameter and with albedos less than about 0.2, have likely never collapsed into solid bodies, much less differentiated or relaxed into hydrostatic equilibrium, and thus are unlikely to be dwarf planets.

As of 2019, the rotation period of 2002 MS is unknown. Observations in 2005 and 2011 showed possible periods of either 7.33 hours or its alias 10.44 hours (single-peaked), or twice those values for the double-peaked solution, with a small light curve amplitude of 0.05±0.01 mag. Light curve observations of 2002 MS are difficult because of the dense field of background stars it is crossing. Observations made in June and July 2011 took advantage of 2002 MS moving in front of a dark nebula.

Larry Dixon (politician)

Larry Dixon (August 31, 1942 – December 4, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Alabama Senate from 1983 to 2011. He was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives from 1978 through 1982. Dixon was born in Nowata, Oklahoma.

Dixon died on December 4, 2020 in Montgomery, Alabama at the age of 78.

Terry Everett

Robert Terry Everett (February 15, 1937 – March 12, 2024) was an American Republican politician, real estate developer and journalist. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Alabama's 2nd congressional district from 1993 to his retirement in 2009.

Everett was born on February 15, 1937, in Dothan, Alabama, the son of Bob and Thelma Everett.

Everett died at home in Rehobeth, Alabama on March 12, 2024, at the age of 87.

Antonín J. Liehm

Antonín Jaroslav Liehm (March 2, 1924 – December 4, 2020) was a Czech-born writer, publisher, translator, and scholar. He was born in Prague. He was known for the founder of the "Lettre International".

Liehm died on December 4, 2020 in Prague at the age of 96.

Ron Mathewson

Ron Mathewson ( 19 February 1944 – 3 December 2020) was a Scottish jazz double bassist and bass guitarist. He was born in Lerwick, Shetland Isles, Scotland. 

Mathewson was best known for his years spent working with Ronnie Scott, but has also done recordings with Stan Getz, Joe Henderson, Joan Armatrading, Ben Webster, Philly Joe Jones, Roy Eldridge, Oscar Peterson and Bill Evans.

Mathewson died on 3 December 2020 from COVID-19 in London at the age of 76.


Noelle (2019 movie)

Noelle is a 2019 American Christmas movie written and directed by Marc Lawrence and produced by Walt Disney Pictures. The movie stars Anna Kendrick as Noelle Kringle, the daughter of Kris Kringle. It also stars Bill Hader, Kingsley Ben-Adir, Billy Eichner, Julie Hagerty, and Shirley MacLaine.

It was released on November 12, 2019 through Disney+. It had mixed reviews from critics.

Jay Brazeau

James "Jay" Brazeau (born December 22, 1953) is an Australian born Canadian actor. He is best known for his role as Sam Fisher in "Cold Squad", as Harlan in "Stargate SG-1" (1997-2007), for voicing Uncle Quigley in "" and as Bobby in "Double Jeopardy" (1999).

In May 2011, Brazeau suffered a minor stroke while changing costumes backstage 30 minutes into a preview performance.

Julie Hagerty

Julie Beth Hagerty (born June 15, 1955) is an American actress and former model. She starred as Elaine in the movies "Airplane!" (1980) and "" (1982). 

Her other movie roles include "A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy" (1982), "Lost in America" (1985), "What About Bob?" (1991), "Freddy Got Fingered" (2001), "A Master Builder" (2014), and "Marriage Story" (2019).

Marriage Story

Marriage Story is a 2019 drama movie written and directed by Noah Baumbach. It stars Scarlett Johansson, Adam Driver, Laura Dern, Alan Alda, Ray Liotta, Julie Hagerty and Merritt Wever.

The movie follows a married couple, an actress and a stage director (Johansson and Driver), going through a coast-to-coast divorce.


Merritt Wever

Merritt Carmen Wever (born August 11, 1980) is an American actress. She is known for starring in "Nurse Jackie" (2009–2015).

Robert Morris University Illinois

Robert Morris University Illinois, formerly Robert Morris College, was a private university with its main campus in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded in 1965. It changed its name to Robert Morris University Illinois in 2009. 

In 2020, it merged into Roosevelt University, which formed under it a new Robert Morris Experimental College as one of several colleges at Roosevelt. 

Amazon Prime

Amazon Prime is a paid subscription program from Amazon that gives users access to more services which are unavailable or available at a premium to regular Amazon customers. 

Services include same, one or two-day delivery and streaming music and video. In January 2020, Amazon reported that Prime had more than 150 million subscribers worldwide.

OnlyFans

OnlyFans is a website for posting videos and pictures online. It is used for making money or for buying those things. The website is British. It is based in London.

People who create videos or other things on the site can earn money from users who subscribe to their content. These people who subscribe and pay money to see what people make are known as the "fans". The company charges a 20% fee for all transactions made on the site. 

It is popular with people who sell sexual videos or images but also has other types of videos and images. For example sports experts, musicians and other people who make things who post regularly online. 

The people who post things can get money directly from their fans every month basis as well as one time payments called "tips" from video views.

Famous people with OnlyFans accounts include Cardi B, Tyga, Blac Chyna, Bella Thorne and more.

OnlyFans has been criticised for hosting hurtful material including sexual videos of children. The National Center on Sexual Exploitation reports fewer numbers of hurtful sexual videos of children than are posted to Facebook, which is a site with more people using it. Facebook having more people on it and more hurtful videos is talked about to show that the problem of hurtful videos is not just on OnlyFans but on many websites online. A campaign to investigate OnlyFans began in the US Congress in August 2021. 

People disagree about how safe it is to be someone who makes things and posts them the OnlyFans site for not getting hurt or stolen from. People who make and post things have been stalked and hurt by fans, sometimes resulting in the leaking of the person's private information.

In July 2020, Sky News in the United Kingdom reported that OnlyFans had not paid a UK tax called the "value-added tax" for three years before the news story, and could face paying the taxes and extra as punishment by the government. from tax authorities.id a UK tax called the "value-added tax" for three years before the news story, and could face paying the taxes and extra as punishment by the UK government.

Eduardo Cesti

Eduardo Cesti Vilchez (8 December 1941 – 4 December 2020) was a Peruvian actor. He was born in Lima, Peru. His career lasted between 1963 to 2011. He was best known for his roles as Rafael in "Fire on the Amazon" (1993) and as Conan in the telenovela "La mujer de Lorenzo".

Cesti died on 4 December 2020 in Lima from diabetes-related problems, just four days before his 79th birthday.

Love Me Deadly

Love Me Deadly is a 1972 American horror movie directed by Jacques Lacerte and starring Mary Charlotte Wilocx, Lyle Waggoner, Christopher Stone. It was distributed by Cinema National.

Sherbaz Khan Mazari

Sherbaz Khan Mazari () (6 October 1930 – 5 December 2020) was a Pakistani politician. Mazari was born in Rojhan, British Raj. He was an Independent and member of the National Awami Party. From 1970 until 1977, he was a member of the National Assembly. From 1975 to 1977, he was the Leader of the Opposition.

Mazari died on 5 December 2020 in Islamabad, Pakistan at the age of 90.

Abusir Papyri

The Abusir Papyri are the largest find of papiri so far. They are from the Old Kingdom in ancient Egypt. 

The first papyri were discovered in 1893 at Abu Gorab near Abusir in northern Egypt. 

They were written about the 24th century BC during the Fifth dynasty of Egypt. They are just fragments, but they are some of the oldest surviving papyri we have. Later on many more fragments were found in the area.

The Abusir papyri tell about the running of a royal mortuary temple. There are duty rosters for priests, lists of temple equipment, lists of daily offerings to the temples at Abu Gorab, north of Abusir. Also, there are letters and permits. 

The fragments bear the remains of two different writings.
The introduction is written in hieroglyphs. It starts with a date referring to the reign of Djedkare Isesi. This dates the manuscripts near the end of the Fifth Dynasty.

The fragmented papyri are written in columns divided into three horizontal registers.


The text on the right summarizes allocations of grain. All writings were done in what is called the hieratic script. That is the original writing done in ink with reed pens on papyrus.

Royal Panteon of San Isidoro

The Royal Panteon of San Isidoro is where the kings and queens of León are buried. It is inside the Basilica of San Isidoro. It is in the Romanesque style of architecture. People were buried there during the Kingdom of León in the Middle Ages.

There are many fresco paintings, carved stone pillars, and other art. The art shows scenes from Roman Catholic religion, for example angels talking to shepherds, the Crucifixion of Jesus, and the Last Supper.

King Ferdinand I and Queen Sancha ordered builders to make the Panteon. There are 11 kings, 12 queens, 10 princes, 9 counts and some other people buried there.

Broadway Melody of 1936

Broadway Melody of 1936 is a 1935 American musical movie directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Jack Benny, Eleanor Powell, Robert Taylor, Una Merkel, Sid Silvers, Buddy Ebsen, June Knight. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 3 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1936.


Birtamod Municipality

Birtamode (Nepali: बिर्तामोड नगरपालिका) is a municipality in Jhapa District of Nepal. It is the commercial, educational and transportation center of Jhapa District. The nearest local towns connected to Birtamod are Sarnamati , Shivasatakshi Bazar, Kamatoli Bazar, Chakchaki Bazar and Surunga Bazar. Birtamod is the largest city of Jhapa.

(55565) 2002 AW197

(55565) 2002 AW is a classical trans-Neptunian object from the Kuiper belt. It has a diameter of at least 700 kilometers ( i. e 430 miles). It is the largest unnamed object in the Solar System and the largest planetoid without a moon. It was discovered at Palomar Observatory in 2002. It has a rotation period of 8.8 hours.

2002 AW was discovered on 10 January 2002, by astronomers at the Palomar Observatory in California. Astronomers involved in the discovery were Michael Brown, Chad Trujillo, Eleanor Helin, Michael Hicks, Kenneth Lawrence and Steven H. Pravdo.

It has a diameter of at least 700 kilometers (430 miles). It is the largest unnamed object in the Solar System and the largest planetoid without a moon.

It orbits the Sun at a distance of 40.9–53.2 AU once every 322.6 years. Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.13. It has an orbital inclination of 24°.

La Galatea

Galatea is a novel of Miguel de Cervantes published in 1585 in Alcalá de Henares with the title of First part of Galatea, divided in six books. Ascanio Colonna Is the dedicatario of "Galatea", the one who in the decade of 1580 found completing his studies in two Spanish colleges: the University of Alcalá and the University of Salamanca.

The novel began probably to draft when Cervantes went back of his captivity in Algiers (December of 1580). Had little success in the bookshops, especially, if it compares with the great of the Target of Montemayor and the grandísimo of the "enamoured Target" of Gil Polo. Cervantes had during all his life a very high concept of his novel and the intention to publish the second part, but died without having it done.

Chelsee Healey

Chelsea "Chelsee" Jade Healey (born 6 August 1988) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Janeece Bryant in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2006–2012, 2023), Honey Wright in the BBC medical drama series "Casualty" (2014–2015), and Goldie McQueen in the Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks" (2016–present).

Healey was born in Salford, Greater Manchester. Her father was mixed-race, and her mother is white British.

Jamie Glover

Jamie Blair Glover (born 10 July 1969) is an English actor. He is best known for portraying the role of Andrew Treneman in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2006–2007, 2009, 2023–present). In 2017, Glover appeared as Harry Potter in the second cast of the West-End production of "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child".

Jill Halfpenny

Jill Halfpenny (born 15 July 1975) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Rebecca Hopkins in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (1999–2000), Kate Mitchell in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" (2002–2005), Izzie Redpath in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2006–2007), and Diane Manning in the BBC drama series "In the Club" (2014–2016). In 2004, she won the second series of the television dance contest "Strictly Come Dancing".

Send in Stewie, Please

"Send in Stewie, Please" is the 12th episode of the 16th season of "Family Guy". It was first shown on the Fox network on March 18, 2018. It did not have as many advertisements when it was shown because it is longer than most episodes of "Family Guy". The episode is about Stewie Griffin going to a psychologist to talk about secrets about himself. Brian shows up in the end of the episode, but none of the other characters in Griffin family are in the episode. The episode got Ian McKellen to be the voice actor for the character Dr. Cecil Pritchfield. 2.24 million people watched the episode when it was first shown on television. Gary Janetti got a nomination for an award at the 71st Writers Guild of America Awards for writing the episode.


Lost Horizon (1937 movie)

Lost Horizon is a 1937 American fantasy adventure drama movie. Frank Capra directed the movie. It follows the story of the 1933 novel Lost Horizon by James Hilton. Ronald Coleman, Jane Wyatt, Edward Everett Horton, Isabel Jewell, John Howard, and Margo acted in the movie. Columbia Pictures. distributed it. It was nominated for 7 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1938 and was remade in 1973.


Casual game

A casual game is a video game targeted at a wide, mass market audience, as opposed to a hardcore game, which is a game targeted at a more niche audience of hobbyist gamers. Casual games may exhibit any type of gameplay and genre. They generally have simpler rules, shorter sessions, and less learned skill than hardcore games.

Countless casual games have been developed and published, alongside hardcore games, across the history of video games. A concerted effort to capitalize on casual games grew in the 1990s and 2000s, as many developers and publishers branded themselves as casual game companies, publishing games especially for personal computers, web browsers, and, after 2007, smartphones.

Video games in India

Video gaming in India is an emerging market. As investments continue to rise, the video game market is expected to grow rapidly in India.

India is one of the top five mobile gaming markets in the world in terms of number of users. In FY 2019, online gaming in India was estimated at ₹6,200 crore (US$870 million) market with an estimated 300 million gamers.

As of 2019, India is one of the top five mobile gaming markets in the world in terms of number of users. In FY 2019, online gaming in India was estimated at ₹6,200 crore market with an estimated 300 million gamers.

"PUBG Mobile" became the most popular online game in India in 2018, as of January 2020, India became "PUBG Mobile"'s largest market in the world with 116 million downloads, which is 21% of 555 million "PUBG Mobile" players worldwide.

Estimates suggest that India's mobile games market will be worth $1.1 billion by 2020, and number of users projected to become 628 million by then.

Video gaming is growing very quickly especially in the mobile space with the advent of cheap and affordable smartphones. A recent survey has found that women mobile gamers are actually more active than men in India.

Group 5 element

Group 5 is a group of elements in the periodic table.

Group 5 has vanadium (V), niobium (Nb), tantalum (Ta) and dubnium (Db).

Group 5 is in the transition metals section.

Game Store

Game store may refer to:


One Hundred Men and a Girl

One Hundred Men and a Girl is a 1937 American musical comedy movie directed by Henry Koster. Deanna Durbin, Adolphe Menjou, Leopold Stokowski, Eugene Pallette, Alice Brady, and Alma Kruger were in it. It was distributed (spread around) by Universal Pictures. The movie was nominated for 5 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1938.


Portuguese alphabet

The Portuguese alphabet is a Latin alphabet with 26 letters. Also, the language uses accent marks to show sound changes and stressed syllables. The accents used in Portuguese are the acute accent (Áá, Éé, Íí, Óó, Úú), the circumflex (Ââ, Êê, Ôô) and the tilde (Ãã, Õõ). Respectively (in order), the accents mark open, closed and nasal vowels. There are rules that tell when to put an accent in a word. Most of the time, accented syllables are the stressed ones, and some words even have more than one accent, like "órgão", meaning "organ".

Lastly, the language has a "ç" character (C with a cedilla, used for historical reasons. It has a /s/ sound like in the word "soap" and it never appears at the very start or at the very end of a word.

Even though the Portuguese alphabet uses all 26 letters of the ISO basic Latin alphabet, the letters “k”, “w”, and “y” were not part of the Portuguese alphabet before 2009. These letters are part of the Portuguese alphabet now, but they do not appear in original Portuguese words.

Stage Door

Stage Door is a 1937 American drama movie directed by Gregory La Cava and was based on the 1936 play of the same name. It stars Katharine Hepburn, Ginger Rogers, Adolphe Menjou, Gail Patrick, Andrea Leeds, Lucille Ball, Eve Arden and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1938.


A Star Is Born (1937 movie)

A Star Is Born is a 1937 American romantic drama movie directed by William A. Wellman and Jack Conway. It stars Janet Gaynor, Fredric March, Adolphe Menjou, May Robson, Andy Devine, Lionel Stander, Owen Moore, Peggy Wood and was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was nominated for 8 Oscars and 2 Academy Awards in 1938 and was remade three times in 1954, 1976 and 2018.


Genie (Disney)

The Genie is a character in Disney's "Aladdin" movies. 

The Genie of the Lamp has been stuck in a magic lamp for 10,000 years. He was freed by Aladdin and he offered Aladdin three wishes. Aladdin asked him what he would wish for. Genie wished for his freedom from the lamp.

Robin Williams voiced the Genie in the 1992 movie and "Aladdin and the King of Thieves". He wasn't able to return for the animated show and "The Return of Jafar" due to disagreements with Disney and with Dan Castellaneta voicing him in the meantime. Williams improvised a lot of dialogue for the Genie, which made the 1992 movie ineligible for Best Adapted Screenplay. Will Smith plays the Genie in the 2019 live-action remake.

Robin Williams has received a lot of acclaim for voicing the Genie. Same goes to Will Smith for the remake, which otherwise had mixed reviews.

Ratchet &amp; Clank Future: Quest for Booty

Ratchet & Clank Future: Quest for Booty is a platform game developed by Insomniac Games. It is the eighth game in the "Ratchet & Clank" series of video games. It was released on 2008 exclusively for the PlayStation 3. The game became a bonus game for 2013's "".

The game plays as just Ratchet and upgrades can be found in the environment.

Ratchet misses seeing his friend Clank and he and Talwyn Apogee set course to Merdegraw, the home of the Space Pirates.

Some people liked the game but felt it was too short.


Ratchet &amp; Clank Future: A Crack in Time

Ratchet & Clank Future: A Crack in Time is a platform game developed by Insomniac Games. It is the ninth game in the "Ratchet & Clank" series of video games. It was released in Fall of 2009, exclusively for the PlayStation 3.

The game plays as Ratchet and Clank. Clank's levels has him solve puzzles and do time recording. Ratchet gets to explore various parts of the Polaris Galaxy. He can find and collect up to 40 Zoni to gain extra health. When he gets all of them, he gets to defeat Lord Vorselon a third and final time.

Ratchet and Qwark are going to a sector of the Polaris Galaxy to follow Dr. Nefarious, who has captured Clank at the Great Clock.

Many say it is one of the better Ratchet & Clank games.


Whipsaw

Whipsaw is a 1935 American romantic crime drama movie directed by Sam Wood and starring Myrna Loy, Spencer Tracy, Harvey Stephens, William Harrigan, Robert Warwick, Clay Clement, Wade Boteler. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Tumen River

The Tumen River one of the two rivers that make up the China-North Korea border. It is also one of the two rivers that comes from Mount Paektu, the mountain on the China-North Korea border, and it empties into the Sea of Japan. The river also makes up the Russia-North Korea border. The name comes from the Mongolian word "tümen," which means "ten thousand".

Since the easiest way to leave North Korea is through the China-North Korea border, many North Korean defectors have crossed this river to escape North Korea. Some have even escaped into Russia. However, it has become more difficult to escape the country since the government has sent more guards, more electric fences, and more traps on its borders.

Gwen Stacy

Gwendolyne Maxine Stacy is a Marvel Comics character created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko. She is Peter Parker's first girlfriend in the comics.

Bryce Dallas Howard played Stacy in "Spider-Man 3", with Emma Stone playing her in both "The Amazing Spider-Man" and "The Amazing Spider-Man 2". Hailee Steinfeld would later voice her in "".

Yalu River

The Yalu River one of the two rivers that make up the China-North Korea border. It is also one of the two rivers that comes from Mount Paektu, the mountain on the China-North Korea border, and it empties into Korea Bay. The origin of the name is unknown. Linguists believe "yalu" either comes from Manchu meaning "between two places" or from Mandarin meaning "duck green".

Since the easiest way to leave North Korea is through the China-North Korea border, many North Korean defectors have crossed this river to escape North Korea. However, it has become more difficult to escape the country since the government has sent more guards, more electric fences, and more traps on its borders.

Korea Bay

Korea Bay is a bay shared by China and North Korea. It is northwest of the Korean Peninusula. The Yalu River empties into this bay.

Air Force (movie)

Air Force is a 1943 American World War II action movie directed by Howard Hawks and starring John Garfield, John Ridgely, Gig Young, Arthur Kennedy, Harry Carey, George Tobias, Ward Wood. It was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures and was nominated for 4 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1944.


Middle East tree frog

The Middle East tree frog ("Hyla savignyi"), also known as the Lemon yellow tree frog, Savigny's tree frog, is a frog from the Middle East. It can be found in Egypt, Israel, Turkey, Syria, Iraq, Iran, Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia.

This frog can live in places that are very hot and dry. Unless it is the breeding season, this frog hides during the day and moves around at night. Adult frogs eat arthropods, for example insects, and tadpoles eat plants and animals. The tadpoles turn into frogs at different times of year depending on how high up a mountain they are.

Second Sea Lord and Deputy Chief of Naval Staff

The Second Sea Lord and Deputy Chief of Naval Staff (formerly Second Sea Lord) is one of the most senior admirals of the Royal Navy. Previously, titled Second Naval Lord in 1830, the post was restyled Second Sea Lord in 1904. Currently, the Second Sea Lord is based at Navy Command. His counterpart is the Fleet Commander.

"As of September 2020:"

Norman Abramson

Norman Manuel Abramson (April 1, 1932 – December 1, 2020) was an American engineer and computer scientist. He was most known for creating the ALOHAnet system for wireless computer communication.


Sol Tolchinsky

Sol Tolchinsky (January 2, 1929 – December 1, 2020) was a Canadian basketball player. He competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. Tolchinsky was part of the Canadian basketball team, which finished ninth in the Olympic tournament. 

Tochinsky died of COVID-19 in Montreal on December 1, 2020 at the age of 91.

T. B. Ekanayake

Thilakarathne Bandara Ekanayake (28 August 1954 – 6 December 2020) was a Sri Lankan politician. He was a member of the Freedom Party. He was a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka from 1994 until his death.

Ekanayake died on 6 December 2020 in Colombo at the age of 66.

David Lander

David Lander (June 22, 1947 – December 4, 2020) was an American actor, comedian, musician and activist. He was known for his role as Squiggy in the sitcom "Laverne & Shirley".

Lander was born in New York City. In 1984, he was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. He died at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles from the disease on December 4, 2020 at the age of 73.


François Leterrier

François Leterrier (26 May 1929 – 4 December 2020) was a French director and actor. He was cast in Robert Bresson's movie "A Man Escaped". He was born in Oise, France. He directed the 1961 movie "Les Mauvais Coups". 

Leterrier died on 4 December 2020 in Paris at the age of 91.

Robert Bresson

Robert Bresson (; 25 September 1901 – 18 December 1999) was a French movie director. 

His works "A Man Escaped" (1956), "Pickpocket" (1959) and "Au hasard Balthazar" (1966) were ranked among the 100 greatest movies ever made.

Bromont-Lamothe

Bromont-Lamothe is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.

Ferenc Tóth (politician)

Ferenc Tóth (30 December 1950 – 4 December 2020) was a Hungarian engineer and Fidesz politician. He was a member of the National Assembly (MP) for Paks (Tolna County Constituency II) between 1998 and 2014.

Tóth died on 4 December 2020 from COVID-19, aged 70.

James Odongo

James Odongo (27 March 1931 – 4 December 2020), was a Ugandan Roman Catholic prelate. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tororo in Uganda, from 5 January 1985, until his retirement on 27 June 2007. Odongo was born in Tororo District, Uganda.

Odongo died on the morning of 4 December 2020 at the age of 89.


Belinda Bozzoli

Belinda Bozzoli (17 December 1945 – 5 December 2020) was a South African author, academic, sociologist, and politician. She was Shadow Minister of Higher Education, Science and Technology from 2019 to 2020. She also was a Member of Parliament (MP) for the Democratic Alliance from 2014 to 2020. 

Bozzoli died from cancer on 5 December 2020.

Robert Castel

Robert Moyal (21 May 1933 – 5 December 2020), better known as Robert Castel, was an Algerian-born French actor and comedian. He was born in Algiers, Algeria. Castel was known for his roles in Georghiu in "The Tall Blond Man with One Black Shoe" (1972), Andre in "Two Men in Town" (1973) and as Trinita in "Je suis timide mais je me soigne" (1978). His career lasted from 1955 until 2016.

Castel died of a long-illness on 5 December 2020 in Paris at the age of 87.

Ron Irwin

Ronald A. Irwin, (October 29, 1936 – December 5, 2020) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He was a member of the Canadian Parliament between 1980 to 1984 and again from 1993 to 1997. 

Irwin died on December 5, 2020 in Sault Ste. Marie at the age of 84.

Henryk Kukier

Henryk Jerzy Kukier (1 January 1930 – 5 December 2020) was a Polish boxer. He was born in Lublin. He won the gold medal in the Flyweight class at the 1953 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Warsaw, and the bronze medal at the 1955 European Amateur Boxing Championships in West Berlin. He competed three times in the Summer Olympics (1952, 1956, 1960).

Kukier died on 5 December 2020, at the age of 90.

Trader Horn

Trader Horn is a 1931 American romantic adventure movie directed by W. S. Van Dyke and was based on the novel of the same name by Alfred Aloysius Horn. It stars Harry Carey, Edwina Booth, Duncan Renaldo, C. Aubrey Smith and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1931 and was remade in 1973.


Ildikó Pécsi

Ildikó Pécsi (21 May 1940 – 5 December 2020) was a Hungarian actress and politician. She appeared in more than one hundred movies from 1961 until 2008. She was a member of the National Assembly between 1994 to 1998. Pécsi was known for her roles in "Tales of a Long Journey", "A Strange Role" and in "Just like Home".

Pécsi died on 5 December 2020 in Budapest at the age of 80.

Viktor Ponedelnik

Viktor Vladimirovich Ponedelnik (, 22 May 1937 in Rostov-on-Don – 5 December 2020) was a Russian footballer and manager. He played for the Soviet Union national team.


Martin Sandoval

Martin A. Sandoval (January 12, 1964 – December 5, 2020) was a Democratic politician. He admitted guilt to corruption charges in 2020. He was a member of the Illinois Senate from 2003 to 2020. Sandoval was born in Chicago.

On December 5, 2020, Sandoval died at a hospital in Chicago of COVID-19 at the age of 56.

Lactic acid bacteria

Lactic acid bacteria are bacteria which make lactic acid. This is an end product of carbohydrate fermentation. The bacteria change carbohydrates to lactic acid and energy. 

The bacteria are the order "Lactobacillales." Most of them are anaerobic: they do not need oxygen. Usually, they can live well in acidic environments. They are either rod-shaped, or spherical. They are found in decomposing plants and milk products. 

Lactic acid bacteria are important, and they are common. There are about 40 genera. Some species occur in the gut of animals, including humans. Several lactic acid bacteria are pathogens: they cause infectious diseases.

Lactic acid fermentation has been used since the Stone Age. It makes food last longer, and be easier to digest. Lactic acid fermentation is used in the production of cheese and yogurt.

Adult humans originally could not digest milk products. Then, all humans were lactose intolerant (as, for example, cats are after weaning). "Lactase persistence" is the phenotype where genes prolonging the activity of lactase beyond infancy. Humans are unusual in having lactase persistence. We know it evolved fairly recently (in the last 10,000 years) among some populations. Still, "most people worldwide are lactase nonpersistent". They cannot digest lactose products after weaning. The evidence is that lactose persistence grew in human groups who herded cattle. To them it was a great advantage: they could digest milk throughout life.

Property Is No Longer a Theft

Property Is No Longer a Theft () is a 1973 Italian French comedy movie directed by Elio Petri and starring Ugo Tognazzi, Flavio Bucci, Daria Nicolodi, Salvo Randone, Mario Scaccia, Julien Guiomar, Jacques Herlin, Gigi Proietti.

Rattan

Rattan (from the Malay "rotan") is the name for about 600 species of old world climbing palms. They belong to the subfamily Calamoideae. 

Rattan is also known as "manila", or "malacca", after the ports of Manila and Malacca City, and as "manau" (from the Malay "rotan manau", the trade name for "Calamus manan" canes in Southeast Asia). 

The climbing habit comes with a flexible woody stem, got from a secondary growth. This makes rattan a liana rather than a normal or true wood. It grows much faster than most tropical wood. Rattan canes are one of the world's most valuable non-timber forest products. 

'Dragon's blood' is a red resin used in dyes, varnishes and incense. It can come from the fruit of a rattan. Furniture is probably the most widespread use. Many types of weapons have been made from rattan.

Stucco

Stucco is a kind of plasterwork used to decorate ceilings and other parts of buildings. It is made of aggregates, binder and water. These days its main constituent is Portland cement, sand, inorganic lime (a hydroxide mineral, not the fruit) and water. It is applied wet and dries hard.

The same substance is often called plaster and sometimes mortar. It has been used for hundreds of years in many cultures round the world.

Group 10 element

Group 10 is a group of elements in the periodic table.

Group 10 has nickel (Ni), palladium (Pd), platinum (Pt) and darmstadtium (Ds).

Group 10 is in the transition metals section. It is worth noting that darmstadtium has unknown chemical properties, but is probably a transition metal.

Group 7 element

Group 7 is a group of elements in the periodic table.

Group 7 has manganese (Mn), technetium (Tc), rhenium (Re) and bohrium (Bh).

Group 7 is in the transition metals section.

Muslihan DS

Muslihan Diding Sutrisno (4 August 1946 – 6 December 2020) was an Indonesian military official and politician. He was born in Bengkulu, Indonesia. He was a member of the People's Conscience Party. DS was Regent of Rejang Lebong from 1994 to 1999 and of North Bengkulu from 2001 to 2006.

DS died on 6 December 2020 in Bengkulu of COVID-19 at the age of 74.

Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series

The Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series is an award which is given every year by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (ATAS). It is given in honor of an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role on a television drama series for the primetime network season.

The award was first given at the 6th Primetime Emmy Awards on February 11, 1954. Zendaya is the current and youngest recipient of the award. She received an award for her work on "Euphoria".

Peter Alliss

Peter Alliss (28 February 1931 – 5 December 2020) was an English former professional golfer, television presenter, commentator, author and golf course designer. He was born in Berlin. In 2012 he was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in the Lifetime Achievement category.

Between 1952 and 1969, Alliss won 20 professional tournaments, including three British PGA Championships, in 1957, 1962 and 1965. He had five top-10 finishes in the Open Championship.

Alliss played on eight Ryder Cup teams between 1953 and 1969 with a record of 10 wins, 15 losses and 5 halved matches. 

Allis died on 5 December 2020 at the age of 89.

List of presidents of France

This is a list of presidents of France.


Political Party:

French Second Republic

The French Second Republic was a short-lived republican government of France under President Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte. It lasted from the 1848 Revolution to the 1851 coup by which the president made himself Emperor Napoleon III and started the Second Empire.

Government of National Defense

The Government of National Defense () was the first government of the Third Republic of France from 4 September 1870 to 13 February 1871 during the Franco-Prussian War. It was formed after the Emperor Napoleon III was captured by the Prussian Army.


French Third Republic

The French Third Republic (, sometimes written as ) was the system of government created in France from 1870, when the Second French Empire collapsed during the Franco-Prussian War, until 10 July 1940 after France's defeat by Nazi Germany in World War II led to the creation of the Vichy government in France.It was formed in 1870 during the Franco-Prussian War from 1870-1871 . After France was defeated Napoleon III was exiled from France . In 1914 France declared war on the German Empire led by Kaiser Wilhelm II until Germany became the Weimar Republic Era in 1918 after World War 1 . In 1940 after Nazi Germany started World War 2 the French surrendered . Southern France became Vichy France and France’s Colonies in North Africa surrendered while the Empire of Japan took French Indochina before Japan Attacked Pearl Harbor in 1941 .

Provisional Government of the French Republic

The Provisional Government of the French Republic (PGFR; ("GPRF") was an interim government of Free France between 1944 and 1946 after the liberation of continental France after Operations "Overlord" and "Dragoon", and lasted until the creation of the French Fourth Republic.

French Fourth Republic

The French Fourth Republic () was the republican government of France between 1946 and 1958, governed by the fourth republican constitution. 

It was in many ways a revival of the Third Republic that was in place from 1870 during the Franco-Prussian War to 1940 during World War II, and suffered many of the same problems.

French Fifth Republic

The Fifth Republic (), France's current republican system of government, was created by Charles de Gaulle under the Constitution of the Fifth Republic on 4 October 1958. 

The Fifth Republic was created after the collapse of the Fourth Republic, replacing the former parliamentary republic with a semi-presidential (or dual-executive) system that split powers between a prime minister as head of government and a president as head of state.

French Directory

The Directory (also called Directorate, ) was a five-member committee in the French First Republic from 2 November 1795 until 9 November 1799, when it was overthrown by Napoleon Bonaparte in the Coup of 18 Brumaire and replaced by the Consulate. 

French Consulate

The Consulate (French: "Le Consulat") was the top-level Government of France from the fall of the Directory in the coup of Brumaire on 10 November 1799 until the start of the Napoleonic Empire on 18 May 1804. 

During this time, Napoleon Bonaparte, as First Consul ("Premier consul"), created himself as the head of a more authoritarian, autocratic, and centralized republican government in France while not declaring himself sole ruler. 

Napoleon brought authoritarian personal rule which has been viewed as military dictatorship.

Jacques-Charles Dupont de l'Eure

Jacques-Charles Dupont de l'Eure (; 27 February 17673 March 1855) was a French lawyer and statesman. He is best known as the first head of state of the Second Republic.

French Executive Commission (1848)

The Executive Commission of 1848 was a short-lived government during the French Second Republic. It was chaired by François Arago. It lasted from 9 May 1848 to 24 June 1848. It replaced the Provisional Government of 1848 and was in turn replaced by the Cabinet of General Cavaignac.

The members of the Commission acted as joint head of state.

Louis-Eugène Cavaignac

Louis-Eugène Cavaignac (; 15 October 1802 in Paris – 28 October 1857) was a French general. He was Chief of the Executive Power between June 1848 to December 1848. He also was Prime Minister of France at the same time.

Louis-Jules Trochu

Louis-Jules Trochu (; 12 March 18157 October 1896) was a French military leader and politician. He served as President of the Government of National Defense—France's "de facto" head of state—from 4 September 1870 until his resignation on 22 January 1871.

Patrice de MacMahon

Patrice de MacMahon, 6th Marquess of MacMahon, 1st Duke of Magenta (; born Marie Edme Patrice Maurice; 13 June 1808 – 17 October 1893), was a French general and politician. He was Chief of State of France from 1873 to 1875 and as President of France, from 1875 to 1879.

Jules Grévy

François Judith Paul Grévy (; 15 August 1807 – 9 September 1891) was President of France from 1879 to 1887, and one of the leaders of the Opportunist Republican faction.

Félix Faure

Félix François Faure (30 January 1841 – 16 February 1899) was President of France from 1895 until his death in 1899.

Émile Loubet

Émile François Loubet (; 30 December 183820 December 1929) was the 45th Prime Minister of France and later President of France. He was involved in the 1899-1901 Boxer Rebellion and was President of France from 1899-1906 .

Armand Fallières

Clément Armand Fallières (; 6 November 1841 – 22 June 1931) was a French statesman who was President of France from 1906 to 1913.

Paul Deschanel

Paul Eugène Louis Deschanel (; 13 February 1855 28 April 1922) was a French statesman. He was President of France from 18 February to 21 September 1920.

Alexandre Millerand

Alexandre Millerand (; – ) was a French politician. He was Prime Minister of France from 20 January to 23 September 1920 and President of France from 23 September 1920 to 11 June 1924.

Gaston Doumergue

Pierre-Paul-Henri-Gaston Doumergue (; 1 August 1863 18 June 1937) was a French politician. He was the President of France from 1924 to 1931.

Paul Doumer

Joseph Athanase Doumer, commonly known as Paul Doumer (; 22 March 18577 May 1932), was the President of France from 13 June 1931 until his assassination on 7 May 1932. At the age of 74, he is the oldest person elected president.

Ruth Williams Khama

Ruth Williams Khama is the first first lady of the Republic of Botswana since it gained its independence in 1966. She was a British citizen. Her love life with the first president of Botswana, Sir Seretse Khama was filled with controversies. They got kicked out of the country because the bangwato tribe believed Khama broke the laws by marrying a white woman. Controversies spiked because the bangwato had grudges over the whites, claiming they were killers and manipulators.

With many negotiations, the Khamas, Ruth and Seretse were able to return and eventually became the first president and first lady of Botswana.

Albert Lebrun

Albert François Lebrun (; 29 August 1871 – 6 March 1950) was a French politician. He was the President of France from 1932 to 1940. He was the last president of the Third Republic.

Félix Gouin

Félix Gouin (; 4 October 1884 – 25 October 1977) was a French Socialist politician who was a member of the French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO).


Georges Bidault

Georges-Augustin Bidault (; 5 October 189927 January 1983) was a French politician. During World War II, he was active in the French Resistance. From 1949 to 1950, he was the Prime Minister of France.

Vincent Auriol

Vincent Jules Auriol (; 27 August 1884 – 1 January 1966) was a French politician. He was President of France from 1947 to 1954.

Léon Blum

André Léon Blum (; 9 April 1872 – 30 March 1950) was a French socialist politician and three-time Prime Minister.

René Coty

Jules Gustave René Coty (; 20 March 188222 November 1962) was President of France from 1954 to 1959. He was the second and last president of the Fourth French Republic.

Pierre Werner

Pierre Werner (29 December 1913 – 24 June 2002) was a Luxembourgian politician in the Christian Social People's Party (CSV) who was the 18th Prime Minister from 1959 to 1974 and from 1979 to 1984.

Viktor Klima

Viktor Klima (born 4 June 1947) is an Austrian Social Democrat politician and businessman. He was chancellor of Austria from 1997 to 2000.

Paavo Lipponen

Paavo Tapio Lipponen () (born 23 April 1941) is a Finnish politician and former reporter. He was Prime Minister of Finland from 1995 to 2003, and Chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Finland from 1993 to 2005.

Mirek Topolánek

Mirek Topolánek (, born 15 May 1956) is a Czech politician and business manager. He was Prime Minister of the Czech Republic from 2006 to 2009 and Leader of the Civic Democratic Party (ODS) from 2002 to 2010.

Prime Minister of the Czech Republic

The Chairman of the Government of the Czech Republic (Czech: "Předseda vlády České republiky", normally referred to in English as the Prime Minister), is the head of the Government of the Czech Republic.

List of prime ministers of the Czech Republic

This is a list of prime ministers of the Czech Republic, a political office that was created in 1993 following the dissolution of Czechoslovakia.


Order of the Elephant

The Order of the Elephant () is a Danish order of chivalry and is Denmark's highest-ranked honour. It has officially existed since 1693. The honor is usually given to presidents and heads of state.

Order of Isabella the Catholic

The Order of Isabella the Catholic () is a Spanish civil order in which membership is given to honor services that benefited the country. 

The Order was created on 14 March 1815 by King Ferdinand VII in honor of Queen Isabella I.

Military Order of Saint James of the Sword

The Military Order of Saint James of the Sword () is a Portuguese order of chivalry.


Raymond Barre

Raymond Octave Joseph Barre (; 12 April 192425 August 2007) was a French centre-right politician and economist. He was a Vice President of the European Commission and Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs. He was Prime Minister under Valéry Giscard d'Estaing from 1976 until 1981.

President of the Regional Council (France)

The following is a list of current presidents of the regional councils of France and the Corsican Assembly.


Ministry of Economics and Finance (France)

The Ministry of the Economy and Finance (, pronounced ), informally referred to as Bercy, is one of the most important ministries in the Government of France. 


Jacques Chaban-Delmas

Jacques Chaban-Delmas (; 7 March 1915 – 10 November 2000) was a French Gaullist politician. He served as Prime Minister under Georges Pompidou from 1969 to 1972.

Pierre Messmer

Pierre Joseph Auguste Messmer (; 20 March 191629 August 2007) was a French Gaullist politician. He was Minister of Armies under Charles de Gaulle from 1960 to 1969 and then as Prime Minister under Georges Pompidou from 1972 to 1974.

Jean-Pierre Fourcade

Jean-Pierre Fourcade (born 18 October 1929) is a French politician. He was a member of the Senate of France. He represented the Hauts-de-Seine and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement Party.

National Centre of Independents and Peasants

The National Centre of Independents and Peasants ("Centre National des Indépendants et Paysans", CNIP or CNI) is a liberal-conservative and conservative-liberal political party in France, founded in 1949.


Independent Republicans

The Independent Republicans (, RI) were a liberal-conservative political group in France founded in 1962. It became a political party in 1966 known as the National Federation of the Independent Republicans ("Fédération nationale des républicains et indépendants", FNRI). Its leader was Valéry Giscard d'Estaing.

In 1977 it became the Republican Party which joined the Union for French Democracy (UDF) the following year.

Republican Party (France)

The Republican Party (, PR) was a conservative-liberal political party in France founded in 1977. It replaced the National Federation of the Independent Republicans that was founded in 1966. It was created by future President of France, Valéry Giscard d'Estaing. It was known to be conservative in domestic, social and economic policies, pro-NATO, and pro-European.

Union for French Democracy

The Union for French Democracy (, UDF) was a centre-right political party in France. It began in 1978 as an alliance to support President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing against Gaullist power over the political right in France. 

This name was chosen due to the title of Giscard d'Estaing's 1976 book, "Démocratie française". The party brought together Christian democrats, liberals and radicals. 

Democratic Convention (France)

Democratic Convention ("Convention démocrate", CD) is a centrist-liberal political party in France led by Hervé de Charette. It is the continuation of the Popular Party for French Democracy, started in 1995.

The Popular Party for French Democracy ("Parti populaire pour la démocratie française", PPDF) began in July 1995. It replaced Perspectives and Realities Clubs and supported the Union for French Democracy (UDF).

Liberal Democracy (France)

Liberal Democracy (, DL) was a conservative-liberal political party in France from 1997 to 2002. 

Croix de Guerre 1939–1945

The Croix de guerre 1939–1945 (War Cross 1939–1945) is a French military decoration, a version of the "Croix de guerre" created on September 26, 1939. It honors people who fought with the Allies against the Axis forces at any time during World War II.

École nationale d'administration

The École nationale d'administration (often called ENA; ; ) is a French "grande école", created in 1945 by French President, Charles de Gaulle.

Henri Giscard d'Estaing

Henri Marie Edmond Valéry Giscard d'Estaing (born 17 October 1956) is a French businessman. He was the son of former French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing. Giscard was born in Paris.

Giscard d’Estaing joined the resort company Club Med in 1997 as chief operating officer in charge of finance, development and international relations. He became chief executive officer in 2001 and chairman in 2002.

Louis Giscard d'Estaing

Louis Joachim Marie François Giscard d'Estaing (born 20 October 1958) is a French politician. He was a member of the National Assembly of France. He is the son of the late President of France Valéry Giscard d'Estaing (1926-2020) and Anne-Aymone Giscard d'Estaing (née Sauvage de Brantes). He is mayor of Chamalières since 2005.

1974 French presidential election

Presidential elections were held in :France in 1974, following the death of President Georges Pompidou. They went to a second round, and were won by Valéry Giscard d'Estaing by a margin of 1.6%. It is to date the closest presidential election in French history.


Trente Glorieuses

Les Trente Glorieuses (, 'The Glorious Thirty') was the thirty years from 1945 to 1975 following the end of the Second World War in France.

The name was first used by the French demographer Jean Fourastié. Fourastié created the term in 1979 with the publication of his book "Les Trente Glorieuses, ou la révolution invisible de 1946 à 1975" ('The Glorious Thirty, or the Invisible Revolution from 1946 to 1975'). 

The term is comes from "Les Trois Glorieuses" ('The Glorious Three'), the three days of revolution on 27–29 July 1830 in France.

Constitutional Council (France)

The Constitutional Council (; ) is the highest constitutional authority in France. It was created by the Constitution of the Fifth Republic on 4 October 1958 to make that constitutional ideas and rules are seen through. It is located in the Palais-Royal, Paris.

Convention on the Future of Europe

The Convention on the Future of the European Union, also known as the European Convention, was a body created by the European Council in December 2001 as a result of the Laeken Declaration. 

It was inspired by the Philadelphia Convention that led to the creation of the United States federal Constitution. The goal was to create a constitution for the European Union for the Council to finalise and adopt. 

The Convention finished its work in July 2003 with their Draft Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe. 

Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe

The Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe (TCE; commonly referred to as the European Constitution or as the Constitutional Treaty) was an unapproved international treaty meant to create a constitution for the European Union (EU). 

It would have replaced the European Union treaties with a single text.

The Treaty was signed on 29 October 2004 by representatives of the then 25 member states of the European Union. It was later ratified by 18 member states.

However French and Dutch voters did not approve the treaty thus not passing it.

1981 French presidential election

The French presidential election of 1981 took place on 10 May 1981, giving the presidency of France to François Mitterrand, the first Socialist president of the Fifth Republic.

Olivier Giscard d'Estaing

Olivier Giscard d'Estaing (30 December 1927 – 13 September 2021) was a French politician. He was chairman of the Committee for a World Parliament. He was the brother of French President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing.

Giscard d'Estaing died in Vierzon, France on 13 September 2021, aged 93.


Alexandre Parodi

Alexandre Parodi (1 June 1901 – 15 March 1979) was a French diplomat. He was the first ambassador of France to the United Nations.

Parodi was a member of the State Council.

From 1944 to 1945, Parodi was the Minister of Work and Social Security. From 1945 to 1960, Parodi worked as a French diplomat.

1st Army (France)

The First Army () was a field army of France that fought during World War I and World War II. It was also active during the Cold War.

Lycée Janson-de-Sailly

Lycée Janson de Sailly is a "lycée" located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, France. The "lycéens" of Janson are called "les jansoniens" and they usually refer to their high school as Janson, or JdS. It is the biggest academic institution in the region: 3,200 boys and girls from 11 to 20 attend classes ranging from junior high school to "Classes Préparatoires".

Lycée Louis-le-Grand

The Lycée Louis-le-Grand () is a secondary school located in Paris. Founded in 1563 by the Jesuits as the "Collège de Clermont", it was renamed in King Louis XIV of France's honor.

Inspection générale des finances (France)

The Inspectorate General of Finances or Inspection générale des finances (IGF) is a supervisory body in France. In the recent years, the IGF has been at the head of the movement of modernization of the state.

It is currently run by Marie-Christine Lepetit. It is placed under the joint responsibility of the Ministry for Economy, Finance, and Industry and the Ministry for Budget, Public Accounts and State Reform.

Edgar Faure

Edgar Faure (; 18 August 1908 – 30 March 1988) was a French politician, essayist, historian, and memoirist. From 1973 to 1978, he was President of the French National Assembly. He was also Prime Minister of France in 1952 and again from 1955 to 1956.

1969 French presidential election

The 1969 French presidential election took place on 1 June and 15 June 1969. It happened after the resignation of President Charles de Gaulle on 28 April 1969. 


1969 French constitutional referendum

A constitutional referendum was held in France on 27 April 1969. The reforms would have led to government changes to the Senate. It was rejected by 52.4% of voters. This led to President Charles de Gaulle's resignation.

Élysée Palace

The Élysée Palace (; ) is the official residence of the President of the French Republic. It was used as the office of the French President for the first time in 1848.


European Monetary System

The European Monetary System (EMS) was a system where most of the nations of the European Economic Community (EEC) would have their currencies merged together. It was created in 1979 under then President of the European Commission Roy Jenkins.

Helsinki Accords

The Helsinki Final Act, also known as Helsinki Accords or Helsinki Declaration was the document signed at the closing meeting of the third part of the Conference on Security and Co-operation in Europe held in Helsinki, Finland, during 30 July – 1 August 1975. 

All then-existing European countries as well as the United States and Canada, altogether 35 participating states, signed the Final Act in an attempt to improve the détente between the Soviet bloc and the West. 

Opération Lamantin

Opération Lamantin (French for manatee) was a December 1977 – July 1978 military operation by France with the help of the Mauritanian government, in its war against Sahrawi guerrilla fighters of the Polisario Front. It supported independence for Western Sahara. 

Airstrikes were launched in the provinces, but the results of the operation were not significant. France used Jaguar combat aircraft from Dakar Airbase. The bombings were targeted in the rail mines in Zouérat to the coast of Nouadhibou, which were blocked by Polisario.

Jean-Bédel Bokassa

Jean-Bédel Bokassa (; 22 February 1921 – 3 November 1996), also known as Bokassa I, was a Central African political and military leader. He was the second president of the Central African Republic and as the emperor of the Central African Empire, from his Saint-Sylvestre coup d'état on 1 January 1966 until overthrown in a coup in 1979.

Operation Caban

Operation Caban was a military operation that happened in September 1979, to put former president, David Dacko back into power, and restore the Central African Empire to the Central African Republic by removing Emperor Bokassa I.

David Dacko

David Dacko (; 24 March 1930 – 20 November 2003) was a Central African politician who served as the 1st President of the Central African Republic from 14 August 1960 to 1 January 1966, and 3rd President from 21 September 1979 to 1 September 1981.

Diamonds Affair

The diamonds affair, known in France as "l'affaire des diamants", was a major political scandal in the 5th French Republic. 

In 1973, the Minister of Finance, future president Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, was offered two diamonds from the Emperor of the Central African Empire Bokassa I. The affair was revealed by satiric newspaper "Le Canard Enchaîné" on October 10, 1979, towards the end of Giscard's presidency.

Many believe this was the reason for Giscard losing his 1981 reelection bid.

Francisco Suárez

Francisco Suárez of Toledo Vázquez of Utiel and González of the Tower, known like Doctor Eximius (Granada, 5 January 1548-Lisbon, 25 September 1617), went a theologian, philosopher and jurist jesuita Spanish. One of the main figures of the movement of the Philosofic School of Salamanca, was considered one of the best scholastic

His work considers a turning point in the history of Segundo escolasticismo, that marks the transition of the Renaissance to the modern philosophy. According to Christopher Shields and Daniel Schwartz, "figures so distinct between yes in the place, the time and the philosophical orientation like Leibniz, Grocio, Pufendorf, Schopenhauer and Heidegger found reasons to quote it like source of inspiration and influence

Hôpital Européen Georges-Pompidou

The Hôpital Européen Georges-Pompidou (HEGP) ("Georges Pompidou European Hospital") is a French hospital located in Paris. It opened in 2001.

In 2013, French Professor Alain Carpentier created the first 100% artificial heart, using biomaterials and electronic sensors. The device was successfully implanted by a team at the hospital on 18 December 2013.

European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party Group

The Group of the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party (, ELDR) was a liberal political group of the European Parliament between 1976 and 2004. 

The group made up of the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party.

Atomium - European Institute for Science, Media and Democracy

Atomium – European Institute for Science, Media and Democracy (EISMD) – formerly known as Atomium Culture AISBL - is an international non-profit organisation based in Brussels. 

The Institute meets at European universities.

Council of European Municipalities and Regions

The Council of European Municipalities and Regions (CEMR) is the largest organisation of local and regional governments in Europe. Its members are 60 national groups of towns, municipalities and regions from 41 countries that are part of the Council of Europe. Together these associations represent about 130,000 local and regional authorities.


AEI World Forum

The AEI World Forum is an annual meeting of business and financial executives, heads of government, government officials, and educators. It happens every spring in Sea Island, Georgia. It is supported by the American Enterprise Institute (AEI) and the Vail Valley Foundation, and it features a number of AEI scholars and fellows.

In 1976, U.S. president Gerald Ford hosted the second G7 summit in San Juan, Puerto Rico. 

During his presidency, Ford became close friends with three of the other heads of government present at the summit: British prime minister James Callaghan, French president Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, and German chancellor Helmut Schmidt. 

Ford and Giscard d'Estaing started the forum.

Trilateral Commission

The Trilateral Commission is a non-governmental, nonpartisan discussion group. David Rockefeller started the commission in July 1973. It was created to improve cooperation between Japan, Western Europe and North America.

1988 French presidential election

Presidential elections happened in France on 24 April and 8 May 1988.

In 1981, the Socialist Party leader, François Mitterrand, was elected President of France and the Left won the legislative election. 

However, in 1986, the right regained a parliamentary majority. 


1995 French presidential election

Presidential elections in France to elect the fifth president of the French Fifth Republic happened on 23 April and 7 May 1995.


SAARC Literary Award

SAARC Literary Award is an annual award conferred by the Foundation of SAARC Writers and Literature (FOSWAL) since 2001 Shamshur Rahman, Mahasweta Devi, Jayanta Mahapatra, Abhi Subedi, Mark Tully, Sitakant Mahapatra, Uday Prakash, Suman Pokhrel and Abhay K are some of the recipients of this award. 
Nepali poet, lyricist and translator Suman Pokhrel is only writer to get this award twice.

The year wise list of the award recipients are as follows:


Gaullism

Gaullism () is a French political term of people who support the ideas and presidency of World War II French Resistance leader General Charles de Gaulle.

Gaullism cannot be seen within a political ideology, meaning it is not left or right. It is more of how the President of France should use their power.

"Neo-Gaullism" has been used to describe a movement after the death of de Gaulle in 1970 from people who are economic liberal than both traditional and social Gaullism.

The following is a list of Gaullist political parties and their successors:

Ordre national du Mérite

The Ordre national du Mérite (; ) is a French order of merit with membership given by the President of the French Republic, founded on 3 December 1963 by President Charles de Gaulle. It is usually only for French citizens. 

Order of the Southern Cross

The National Order of the Southern Cross () is a Brazilian order of chivalry founded by Emperor Pedro I on 1 December 1822. This order was created to honor the independence of Brazil and the coronation of Pedro I. 

Nansen Refugee Award

The UNHCR Nansen Refugee Award is given each year by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) to an individual, group, or organization in honor of great service to refugees. It was created in 1954.

Order of Charles III

The Royal and Distinguished Spanish Order of Charles III, originally Royal and Much Distinguished Order of Charles III (, originally ) was created by the King of Spain Carlos III with the motto "Virtuti et mérito". 

It honors people for their actions benefiting Spain and the Crown. Since its creation, and second to the Order of the Golden Fleece, it has been the most distinguished civil award that can be given in Spain.

Giscard d'Estaing (surname)

Giscard d'Estaing is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:
<onlyinclude>*Anne-Aymone Giscard d'Estaing (born 1933), former First Lady of France

Sofema

Sofema (Société française d’exportation de matériel militaire et aéronautique) is a French company which works in the renovation, marketing and maintenance of first generation land, sea and air equipment for the French Armed Forces. The company is based in Paris.

Technical facilities are in La Teste (Gironde - in the south west of France) and Châteauroux (Indre). 

Bronisław Malinowski

Bronisław Malinowski (April 7, 1884 - May 16, 1942) was a well known British sociocultural anthropologist. He is most famous for his work on the Trobriand Islands, creating a formal ethnographic process, and for coming up with the idea of functionalism. 
Malinowski was born in Kraków, Poland on April 7th, 1884. He was raised in an aristocratic family. His father, Lucjan, was a professor of philosophy at a Polish university and a linguist who worked on Polish folklore. His mother, Jozefa, was also a linguist. Most of Malinowksi’s early education was learned at home. He traveled around the Mediterranean region with his mother when he was a teenager. 

In 1908, Malinowski received his PhD in physics and mathematics from the Jagiellonian University in Kraków, Poland. In 1910, Malinowski moved to England to study anthropology at the London School of Economics (LSE). At LSE, Malinowski was taught by Charles Seligman, a British physician and ethnologist who did fieldwork in New Guinea. He was also taught by Edward Westermarck, a Finnish philosopher and sociologist who studied exogamy and the incest taboo. In 1916, Malinowski received a D.Sc. in anthropology from the University of London. 

Malinowski began his fieldwork in 1914, when he traveled to New Guinea to study the Mailu. His first ethnographic report on this fieldwork, "The Native of the Mailu", was written in 1915. Malinowski had trouble working with the Mailu because he could not speak their language and did not live with them, which limited his understanding of their culture. Because of this, Malinowski started new fieldwork in the Trobriand Islands in 1915. 

From 1915-1916 and 1917-1918, Malinowski did intense fieldwork on the Trobriand Islands, which helped him collect enough information to write multiple ethnographic reports. His most famous work about the Trobriand Islands, written in 1922, was "Argonauts of the Western Pacific". In this book, Malinowksi wrote about the Trobriand Kula Ring, a trade ring that enforced life-long relationships between neighboring groups. 

Malinowksi wrote many works about his fieldwork in the Western Pacific. These works include:


Malinowski retired from fieldwork in 1918. He lectured on ethnology at the London School of Economics (LSE) from 1921-1923 and was offered a full time position at the university in 1923. In 1927, Malinowksi was made the Chair of Social Anthropology. During his time at LSE, Malinowksi taught many students who would later become well-known anthropologists themselves. These students included E.E. Evans-Pritchard, Ashley Montagu, Eslanda Goode Robeson, Godfrey Wilson, and Audrey Richards. Malinowski continued to work at LSE until 1938, when he moved to the United States. While living in the United States, Malinowksi worked as a professor at Yale University until his death in 1942. 

Malinowksi made two major contributions to the field of anthropology. The first was his theory of functionalism. Malinowksi claimed that culture groups needed to meet the individual needs of their people in order to function properly. These individual needs can range anywhere from food and shelter to the need for security and happiness. The Kula Ring is great example of the concept of functionalism. It uses gift-giving as a way to fulfill the need for political organization among the Trobriand people. People who received the best Kula gifts, red-shelled necklaces or white-shelled armbands, were given a higher social rank in Trobriand society.

His second major contribution was creating a formal ethnographic process. Malinowski believed that an anthropologist needed to live with the people that they were studying. He placed a strong emphasis on participant observation because it allowed anthropologists to learn local languages and customs, which would be helpful when writing up ethnographic reports.

Sindhi Cultural Day

Sindhi Cultural Day (, ), also known as 'Aekta jo ddihaarro', is widely celebrated day by Sindhi people in whole world, with enthusiasm to spotlight the centuries-old rich culture of Sindh, its traditions and history. 

The day is celebrated all over Sindh, and amongst the Sindhi diaspora around the world. Cultural day is the celebration, demonstration of culture of Sindh, Sindhis in Sindh and Sindhi diaspora all over the world celebrate this day to demonstrate the peaceful identity of Sindhi culture and to show their culture to world. On this jubilation people gather in all major cities of Sindh at Press Clubs, Schools, College and in universities and other places and arrange various activities of literary (poetic) gatherings, Mach Katchehri (gathering in a place and sitting round in a circle and the fire on sticks in the center), musical concerts, seminars, lecture programs and rallies, everyone wearing Sindhi traditional clothes, the Ajrak, Sindhi topi and Sindhi patko (turban) are very popular among Sindhi men, and for women and girls clothes with Sindhi embroideries, mirrorwork and local made fabrics like Bandhanis, Soossi, Maleers etc. It is also a symbol of the ancient Indus Valley Civilization. 

Tropical Storm Bertha (2020)

Agamy

Agamy is a relational model consisting of the non-pair formation, where there is no partner. It's the status of not engaging in relationships or marriages, sometimes not even in sexual reproduction.

Casus belli

Casus belli is a Latin phrase for an event or a situation that directly provokes a war. Note that the plural of the phrase is also casus belli. If this was an aggression in the sense of international law, the country is allowed to start a war in self-defence. It is common to provoke an aggressor, so as to be able to legally start a war. Examples of this are the Arrow incident that started the Second Opium War, or the Maine incident, which led the United states to annex Cuba and the Philippines from the Spanish Empire. The Iraq War was started by the US and its allies, on the pretext that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. Years after the war, it turned out he didn't have any. Another example: the Assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria was the casus belli for the First World War.


The Champ

The Champ is a 1931 American drama movie directed by King Vidor and starring Wallace Beery, Jackie Cooper, Irene Rich, Roscoe Ates, Edward Brophy. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 4 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1931. It was remade twice in 1953 as "The Clown" and in 1979 as "The Champ".


Flag of South Africa (1928–1994)

The flag of South Africa from 1928 to 1994 was the flag of the Union of South Africa from 1928 to 1961 and the flag of the Republic of South Africa to 1994. It was also the flag of South West Africa (now Namibia) to 1990, when that territory was under South African administration.

The design features three horizontal bands of orange, white and blue with three small flags (the flag of the United Kingdom to the left, the vertical version of the flag of the Orange Free State in the centre and the flag of the South African Republic to the right) centered on the white band. Because of its colours it was known as the Oranje, Blanje, Blou (Afrikaans for Orange, White, Blue) by citizens.

The flag is viewed as a symbol of apartheid and white supremacy, since 2019 it is illegal to display this flag in public in South Africa and is classified as a hate speech. This ruling is seen as a political move on the part of the ANC government, who has been ruling the country since 1994. The banning of the Oranje, Blanje, Blou is challenged by many in the South African Supreme Court of Appeal.

Aromanticity

Aromanticism or aromanticity is a romantic orientation in which a person does not experience romantic attraction, whether entirely, partially or circumstantially. They may not feel romantic love, and may not feel the need to be in romantic relationships. It doesn't mean they are agamous.

They can have any sexual orientation, be asexual, bisexual, heterosexual, homosexual, pansexual, polysexual, omnisexual, pomosexual, or ceterosexual. It's often shortened to aro.

Polysexuality

Polysexuality is a sexual orientation in which the person feels attraction to many, but not necessarily all genders. Polysexuality, not to be confused with pansexuality or omnisexuality, is under what some people would call the bisexual umbrella, sometimes seen as non-monosexual spectrum.

Seventh Heaven (1927 movie)

Seventh Heaven is a 1927 American silent romantic drama movie directed by Frank Borzage and was the first adaption of the 1922 play of the same name by Austin Strong. It stars Janet Gaynor, Charles Farrell, Ben Bard, Albert Gran, David Butler, Gladys Brockwell and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 5 Oscars and won 3 Academy Awards in 1929 and was remade in 1937.


Free European Song Contest

The Free European Song Contest (abbrev. as FreeESC) is a song contest run by the private channel ProSieben that started in 2020. Different singers representing countries in Europe (mainly) compete every year.

Some of the competitors are famous singers include: Nico Santos (famous singer in Germany), Max Mutzke (represented Baden-Württemberg at the Bundesvision Song Contest 2014, Ilse DeLange (represented the Netherlands at the ESC2014 as member of The Common Linnets), Sarah Lombardi (participant in the 8º season of Deutschland sucht den Superstar), Eko Fresh (German rapper of Turkish and Kurdish descent who won 5 awards).

The latest winner of the Free European Song Contest is Rea Garvey of Ireland.

The Free European Song Contest was created by Stefan Raab (with the collaboration of the private channel ProSieben and the production company Brainpool TV) after the cancelation of the Eurovision Song Contest 2020 by the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe. The first contest took place at the ProSieben Studios, Cologne, Germany on 16 May 2020 at 20:15 CEST on the television channel ProSieben and the second contest took place at the Lanxess Arena, Cologne, Germany. 


Undercurrent (1946 movie)

Undercurrent is a 1946 American crime drama movie directed by Vincente Minnelli and was based on the 1944 story "You Were There" by Thelma Strabel. It stars Katharine Hepburn, Robert Taylor, Robert Mitchum, Edmund Gwenn, Marjorie Main, Jayne Meadows, Dan Tobin, Leigh Whipper and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Ole Espersen

Ole Mogens Espersen (20 December 1934 – 4 December 2020) was a Danish politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party. Espersen was Minister of Justice during two cabinets of Anker Jørgensen in the 1980s. He also was a member of the Folketing from 1973 to 1994.

Espersen died on 4 December 2020 at the age of 86.

Kinuko Tanida

Tanida died on 4 December 2020 in Tokyo from a cerebral hemorrhage at the age of 81.

Xu Shousheng

Xu Shousheng (; 23 January 1953 – 5 December 2020) was a Chinese politician. He was the Communist Party Secretary of Hunan from 2013 to 2016. He was the Governor of Hunan and Gansu provinces from 2006 to 2013. Xu was born in Jiangsu, China.

Xu died on 5 December 2020 in Nanjing, China at the age of 67.

Christian Serratos

Christian Marie Serratos (born Bernardi, ; born September 21, 1990) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Rosita Espinosa in AMC's "The Walking Dead" TV series, Suzie Crabgrass in the Nickelodeon series "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide", Angela Weber in "The Twilight Saga" series and as Selena in Netflix's "".

Ricardo Antonio Chavira

Ricardo Antonio Chavira (born September 1, 1971) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Carlos Solis in the television series "Desperate Housewives" (2004–2012). 

He plays Abraham Quintanilla in the television series "" (2020).

Li Guanxing

Li Guanxing (; 14 January 1940 – 1 December 2020) was a Chinese nuclear material engineer. He was president of the CNNC North Nuclear Fuel Element Co., Ltd. between 2001 and 2004. He was chairperson and party chief of China Nuclear Society from 2008 to 2018. He was a delegate to the 16th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In 1999, Li became a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering. He was born in Shanghai. 

Li died of an illness in Beijing, on December 1, 2020, aged 80.

Lidia Menapace

Lidia Menapace (born Brisca, 3 April 1924 – 7 December 2020) was an Italian resistance fighter and politician. She was a member of the Senate from 2006 to 2008. She was a member of the Communist Refoundation Party.

Menapace died on 7 December 2020 in Bolzano, Italy from COVID-19, aged 96.

László Kuncz

László Kuncz (29 July 1957 – 6 December 2020) was a Hungarian water polo player. He competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal.

Kuncz died on 6 December 2020 at the age of 63.

Džej Ramadanovski

Džej Ramadanovski (; 29 April 1964 – 6 December 2020) was a Serbian pop-folk singer. He was known for his ballads. Ramadanovski was born in Belgrade. Džej made cameo appearances in movies "Hajde da se volimo 2" (1989) and "Vikend sa ćaletom" (2020). With songs such as "Nedelja" (1991), "Sunce ljubavi" (1995) and "Upalite za mnom sveće" (1996) he became one of the biggest regional artists in the 1990s.

Ramadanovski died in Belgrade of a heart attack on 6 December 2020 at the age of 56.

Senta Wengraf

Senta Wengraf (10 May 1924 – 6 December 2020) was an Austrian actress. She was born in Vienna. Her career began in 1946. 

Wengraf was appeared in "Two Times Lotte" (1950), "Voices of Spring" (1952), "The Spendthrift" (1953), "Franz Schubert" (1953), "Don Juan" (1955), "Sissi – The Young Empress" (1956), "Kaiserjäger" (1956), "Sissi – Fateful Years of an Empress" (1957), "Scandal in Bad Ischl" (1957) and "When the Bells Sound Clearly" (1959).

Wengraf died in Vienna on 6 December 2020 at the age of 96.

Ali-Asghar Zarei

Ali-Asghar Zarei () (1956 – 6 December 2020) was an Iranian military officer and conservative politician. He was a member of the Islamic Consultative Assembly representing Tehran, Rey, Shemiranat and Eslamshahr from 2008 to 2016.

Zarei died on 6 December 2020 at the age of 64.

Dennis Ralston

Richard Dennis Ralston (July 27, 1942 – December 6, 2020) was an American professional tennis player. He was active during the 1960s and 1970s. Ralston was born in Bakersfield, California. He was coached by tennis pro Pancho Gonzales. He was the highest-ranked American player at the end of three consecutive years in the 1960s.

Ralston, a Davis Cup winner with the US Davis Cup team in 1963, continued to serve in the team as a coach from 1968 to 1971 and as a captain from 1972 to 1975, winning the title in 1972 over Romania.

Ralston was honored into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1987.

Ralston died on December 6, 2020 in Austin, Texas from cancer at the age of 78.

Pancho Gonzales

Ricardo Alonso "Pancho" González (May 9, 1928 – July 3, 1995), known sometimes as Richard Gonzales, was an American tennis player. He won 14 major singles titles (12 Pro Slam events, 2 Grand Slam events).

Gonzales was the world's leading professional player at a time when almost all players were amateur. His peak was from about 1952 to about 1958. He won many professional and open titles. He was always a serve-and-volley player at a time when many amateurs played a baseline game.

When he first turned professional, the reigning top man was Jack Kramer. At first, Kramer crushed him. Gonzales semi-retired in 1950/51. When he came back in late 1951, Gonzales was much improved. He reached the top in 1952, winning the professional hard-court title in Los Angeles.

The Tennis Hall of Fame says Gonzales rose to the rank of number one in 1952.

Juliari Batubara

Juliari Peter Batubara (born 22 July 1972) is an Indonesian politician. He was Minister of Social Affairs from 23 October 2019 until his arrest in December 2020 for alleged corruption. He is a member of the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle (PDI-P).

On 6 December 2020, Juliari was arrested in Jakarta for receiving bribes from suppliers of social assistance during the COVID-19 pandemic. Juliari could face life imprisonment or the death penalty if convicted.

Baculum

The baculum (also penis bone), is a bone found in the penis of many male mammals. It is absent in the human penis, but present in the penises of our close relatives the apes, such as the gorilla and chimpanzee.
The bone is located along the top of the penis and it aids in sex by keeping it stiff for a long time during the sex act. 

A bone in the penis allows a male to mate for a much longer time with a female. This can be an advantage as it prevents a rival male from having sex with the female for some time.

Male animals without a penis bone tend to form close emotional bonds with a female and so ensure they are the father of her offspring.

How do you Sex a fossil? The Guardian Wed 24 Jan 2018

Young Mr. Lincoln

Young Mr. Lincoln is a 1939 American biographical drama movie directed by John Ford and starring Henry Fonda, Alice Brady, Marjorie Weaver, Arleen Whelan, Pauline Moore, Donald Meek. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1940.


United Socialist Party of Venezuela

The United Socialist Party of Venezuela (, PSUV) is a far left socialist political party in Venezuela which came from the fusion of some of the political and social forces that support the Bolivarian Revolution led by President Hugo Chávez. It is the largest political party in Venezuela.

Somali Civil War (2009–present)

This is the newer part of the Somali Civil War which began in 2009. It is mainly between the al-Shabaab jihadist group and the Somali government. It is mainly happening in southern and central Somalia and parts of north eastern Kenya. It began in early February 2009 with the conflict between the forces of the Federal Government of Somalia, supported by African Union peacekeeping troops.

On 16 October 2011, the Kenyan Army crossed the border into Somalia in Operation Linda Nchi against al-Shabaab. They wanted to to capture Kismayo.

In August 2014, the Somali government launched Operation Indian Ocean.

In 2017, the 14 October Mogadishu bombings killed over 500 people and injured over 300 others. In December 2019, a suicide truck bombing in Mogadishu killed at least 85 people. 


Gam-COVID-Vac

Gam-COVID-Vac (, romanized: "Gam-KOVID-Vak"), trade-named Sputnik V, is a COVID-19 vaccine created by the Gamaleya Research Institute of Epidemiology and Microbiology, and registered on 11 August 2020 by the Russian Ministry of Health. 

Gam-COVID-Vac has been approved for distribution in Russia.

Klaus Ofczarek

Klaus Ofczarek (17 March 1939 – 6 December 2020) was an Austrian actor and opera singer. Ofczarek was born in Vienna. He was known for his roles as the old waiter in "Klimt" (2006) and as Redaktionsleiter in "North Face" (2008).

Ofczarek died on 6 December 2020 in Vienna at the age of 81.

Li Ligong

Li Ligong (; February 1925 – 6 December 2020) was a People's Republic of China politician. He was born in Jiaocheng County, Lüliang, Shanxi. 

He was Communist Party of China Committee Secretary of his home province from 1983 to 1991 and political commissar of the People's Liberation Army Shanxi Military District from 1983 to 1985. 

He was a member of the 12th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China from 1982 to 1987 and 13th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China from 1987 to 1992. 

He was a delegate to the 7th National People's Congress from 1988 to 1993 and 8th National People's Congress from 1993 to 1998.

Li died on 6 December 2020 in Beijing at the age of 95.

Huangshi

Huangshi (), alternatively romanized as Hwangshih, is a prefecture-level city in southeastern Hubei province, People's Republic of China. Its population was 2,429,318 people at the 2010 census.

Grant Robertson

Grant Murray Robertson (born 30 October 1971) is a New Zealand politician and member of the Labour Party who was the 20th Minister for the Public Service from January 2023 until November 2023. He was the Deputy Prime Minister of New Zealand from 2020 until 2023. He was the Minister of Finance from 2017 to 2023.

He was Member of Parliament (MP) since 2008. He is the first openly gay deputy prime minister.

John Sarbanes

John Peter Spyros Sarbanes (born May 22, 1962) is an American politician who is the U.S. Representative for since 2007. He is a member of the Democratic Party.


Akito Arima

Arima died on December 7, 2020 in Tokyo at the age of 90.

2022 French presidential election

The 2022 French presidential election was held between 10 and 24 April 2022, the first round was held on 10 April 2022. The second round was held two weeks after the first. Since no candidate wins a majority of the vote in the first round, a runoff was held between the top two candidates two weeks later, which was incumbent president is Emmanuel Macron of La République En Marche! (LREM) against right-wing Deputy Marine Le Pen. Macron became the first French president to be re-elected in twenty years.

On 7 March 2022, the Constitutional Council published the names of the twelve candidates who received 500 valid sponsorships, with the order of the list determined by drawing lots.



! colspan="2" rowspan="2"| Candidate
! rowspan="2" colspan="2"| Party
! colspan="2"| 1st round 10 April 2022
! colspan="2"| 2nd round 24 April 2022
! width="75"|Votes
! width="30"|%
! width="75"|Votes
! width="30"|%
Official results published by the Constitutional Council –1st round result 

Jean Lassalle

Jean Lassalle (; born 3 May 1955) is a French politician serving as an Independent member of the National Assembly since 2002. He was a presidential candidate in the 2017 election and again in the 2022 elections.

Joachim Son-Forget

Joachim Jean-Marie Forget (born 15 April 1983), known as Joachim Son-Forget (pronounced "son-for-zhay"), is a South Korean-born, French politician. From 2017 to 2022, he was a member of the National Assembly.

In February 2020, Son-Forget announced his candidacy for President of France in the 2022 election. However, he later dropped out and supported Éric Zemmour's unsuccessful campaign.

Jacques Cheminade

Jacques Cheminade (; born 20 August 1941) is a French-Argentinian political activist and conspiracy theorist. He is the head of Solidarity and Progress, the French party of the LaRouche movement. He had ran for President of France three times in 1995, 2012 and 2017.

Tropical Storm Cristobal (2020)

Tropical Storm Cristobal was a devastating storm that formed from the remnants of Tropical Storm Amanda. The storm formed over the Bay of Campeche on June 1, and devastated Mexico in the following days. It then made landfall in Louisiana on June 7. The storm weakened into a tropical depression shortly after, and became post-tropical over Wisconsin.

The impact of the storm was worsened by the COVID-19 pandemic, which was rapidly growing at that time. This impacted the ability of medical staff, who were at the time dealing with the pandemic. The storm caused 15 deaths and $665 million.

On May 31, the National Hurricane Center began to watch Tropical Storm Amanda in the Eastern Pacific for possible development in the Atlantic. Tropical Storm Amanda then made landfall in Guatemala, dissipating shortly after. However, some of its remains survived, and on June 1, they moved over the Bay of Campeche, and started to reorganize shortly after. At this time, they were given a 90% chance of formation. Shortly after, it organized into a tropical depression. On July 2, it strengthened into a tropical storm, as the system started to turn toward the south. On June 3, it reached its peak intensity, with winds of 60 mph, as it made landfall in Mexico. It then stalled near Ciudad del Carmen, as it weakened to a tropical depression.

However, as it weakened, it started to speed towards the north, and on June 5, it intensified into a tropical storm again, despite being over the Yutactán Peninsula. It started to reintensify again, reaching its second peak intensity of 50 mph. However, the system did not look like a tropical cyclone, but despite this, it made a second landfall in Louisiana, on June 6, at peak intensity. The storm moved to the east-north-east, weakening, and on June 10, the storm became post-tropical, over Wisconsin.

Zheng Jun

Zheng Jun (born 6 November 1967) is Chinese rock singer-songwriter. He was born in Xi'an. He attended Hangzhou Institute of Electrical Engineering (renamed Hangzhou Dianzi University). His first album, "Naked" (赤裸裸), was released by Red Star Productions in 1994. He then released "Third Eye" three years later, and "Bloom" two years after that.

Ganglioglioma

Gangliogliomas are tumors that start from groups of nerve cells (ganglion and glial cells) and grow in the brain. They are usually small and noncancerous, and they do not spread to other parts of the body.

Gangliogliomas are rare tumors. Most gangliogliomas occur in children and young adults.

Seizures, headache, vomiting,
fatigue and weakness on one side of the body.

Arthur (season 22)

The 22nd season of "Arthur" first started showing on PBS Kids on May 13, 2019 with the episode "Mr. Ratburn and the Special Someone". The season ended on May 16, 2019. Jane Lynch made an appearance as a guest star when the season started.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Jimmy Neutron (character)

James Isaac Neutron is the main character in the Nickelodeon show "." Jimmy Neutron lives in a house with his pet dog Goddard.

Jimmy Neutron first appeared on the 1998 television pilot"."


Camilla Power

Camilla Joy Cynthia Power (born 13 November 1976) is an Irish-born English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Jessica McAllister in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (1993–1995), and Lorna Dickey in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2006–2007).

Power was born in Cork, Ireland, but grew up in Wimbledon and Putney, England.

Raging Abe Simpson and His Grumbling Grandson in &quot;The Curse of the Flying Hellfish&quot;

"Raging Abe Simpson and His Grumbling Grandson in "The Curse of the Flying Hellfish"" is the 22nd episode of "The Simpsons" 7th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on April 28, 1996.


Boundary (cricket)

In cricket, the boundary is the edge of the field. A rope is usually put on the boundary to show where it is. The word "boundary" can also mean the runs scored (either 4 or 6) when the ball touches the boundary or the ground outside the boundary.

In international cricket, the boundaries of the field are about or more from the center of the field.

If the ball is in play and touches the boundary or the ground outside of the field, then it is worth at least four runs, and the ball becomes dead (no longer in play). If the ball was hit by the batter, and didn't touch the ground in the field before or when it became dead, then it is worth six runs. If a fielder throws the ball at the boundary or the ground beyond the boundary, then four runs are scored as "overthrows" in addition to any runs the batters had already scored by running.

If the ball touches a fielder who is touching the boundary or the ground beyond the boundary, then it is treated as if the ball has touched the boundary. The same goes for when the ball touches a fielder who is in the air who touched the boundary or the ground beyond the boundary immediately before going in the air, if the fielder had not legally touched the ball before.

When a boundary is scored, any runs the batters scored by running do not count, unless the batters had scored more runs by running than the number of runs scored by the boundary; when this happens, the runs scored by the boundary do not count.

The Laws of Cricket allow the teams and umpires to agree to change the number of runs scored by the two types of boundaries before the game.

Four runs are scored when the ball touches the ground in the field and then touches the boundary or the ground beyond the boundary.

Six runs are scored when the ball touches the boundary, or the ground beyond the boundary, without having touched the ground in the field.

Juana Inés de la Cruz

 

Juana Inés of Asbaje Ramírez of Santillana (San Miguel Nepantla, New Spain, 12 November 1648-Mexico, New Spain, 17 April 1695), more known like sor Juana Inés de la Cruz, went a religious jerónima and writer novohispana, exponent of the Century of Gold of the literature in Spanish.

Braunsbedra

Braunsbedra is a town in the Saalekreis, Saxony-Anhalt in Germany. It is about 11 km southwest of Merseburg. It became a town in 1945 when Braunsdorf and Bedra were combined.

NORAD Tracks Santa

NORAD Tracks Santa is an annual Christmas-themed program in which NORAD simulates the tracking of Santa Claus, who is said to leave the North Pole to travel around the world on his mission to deliver presents to children every year on Christmas Eve. The program starts on December 1, but the actual Santa-tracking simulation starts on midnight of December 23. It is a community outreach function of the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and has been held annually since 1955.


Leominster, Massachusetts

Leominster is a city in Worcester County, Massachusetts in the United States. It is the second-largest city in Worcester County.

1979 United Kingdom general election

An election was held on 3 May 1979 to elect all 635 seats of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The Conservative Party won the election and Margaret Thatcher became Prime Minister. She was the first female Prime Minister of the UK.

The election happened because of a vote of no confidence in the James Callaghan passing by one vote in the House of Commons on the 28 March. This vote happened because Thatcher had brought it forward. It forced the election to happen.


Walton Goggins

Walton Sanders Goggins Jr. (born November 10, 1971) is an American actor. He is known for roles in movies such as Clay Hawkins in "Lincoln" (2012), Billy Crash in "Django Unchained" (2012), Chris Mannix in "The Hateful Eight" (2015), Lawrence in "" (2018), Mathias Vogel in "Tomb Raider" (2018) and Sonny Burch in "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (2018). His TV roles include Shane Vendrell in "The Shield" (2002–2008), Boyd Crowder in "Justified" (2010–2015), Venus Van Dam in "Sons of Anarchy" (2012–2014) and Lee Russell in "Vice Principals" (2016–2017). He was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for his work in "Justified". 

Goggins also produced and starred in the short movie "The Accountant" (2001). It won an Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film.

Goggins was born in Birmingham, Alabama. He grew up in Lithia Springs, Georgia. He married Canadian businesswoman Leanne Kaun in 2001. They were married until her death by suicide in 2004. He married Nadia Conners in 2011. The couple have a son.

Neutrois

Neutrois is a non-binary gender identity that is usually associated with gender neutrality or the nullification of gender. Neutrois is often translated as indifference towards or lack of gender in the individual, similar to or including those who are agender. The term is often used by those who experience gender dysphoria and/or gender euphoria who may seek medical and/or social gender transitions to have a more neutral or androgynous appearance. Those who are neutrois may have complex gender identities, or be indifferent to their gender. Many people who are neutrois avoid gender expression which is strictly associated with femininity or masculinity.

Neutrois combines ( or neuter), and (), meaning neutral third, as in third gender.

The term neutrois was coined by H. A. Burnham in 1995.

In February 2014, Facebook launched Neutrois as one of the 50 identity preset options available for users to select from.

Zhaoping tree frog

The Zhaoping tree frog or Zhaoping tree toad ("Hyla zhaopingensis") is a frog from China. Scientists have only seen it in eastern Guangxi.

Beyblade: Metal Fusion

Beyblade: Metal Fusion, or also known as Metal Fight Beyblade (メタルファイトベイブレード "Metarufaitobeiburēdo") in Japan and other Asia regions, is the first anime of the "Metal Saga". It was succeeded by "Beyblade: Metal Masters (Metal Fight Beyblade Explosion)".

Beyblade: Metal Fusion is adapted from the first four volumes of the manga, "Metal Fight Beyblade". The manga the anime is based on was a reboot of the Beyblade franchise. As such, both anime and manga have nothing to do with the Bakuten Shoot Beyblade series before it.




Gingka Hagane. A young beyblader who is searching the hidden secrets of his past, with his partner Storm Pegasus. On a training journey, Gingka Hagane stumbles upon Metal Bey City, where he meets a bunch of friends and interesting rivals. What happens when Gingka and his friends set off on the journey of defeating the Dark Nebula organization? How will Gingka Hagane defeat Ryuga and his forbidden bey, Lightning L-Drago.

The series follows the adventures of Gingka Hagane, a beyblader who is searching for his hidden past while trying to defeat the evil Dark Nebula organization and Ryuga, a man with the Forbidden Bey known as Lightning L-Drago.

The plot varies between the manga and anime with several differences. One notable difference is that in the manga, the Beys transform for their upgrades, while in the anime, the characters just switch parts or get an entirely new Bey. Another difference is that, in the manga, the characters started with the Metal System (4-piece top), while in the anime they started with the Hybrid Wheel System (5-piece top).

Partnership (cricket)

In cricket, two batsmen (scoring players) are on the field at a time. They are in a partnership. Each batsman is in one of the two batsmen's grounds during their team's scoring turn. When the two batsmen run between the grounds, they score one run for each time both batsmen swap grounds. When neither batsmen is in one of the grounds, their opponents can hit the wicket in that ground with the ball to temporarily prevent the batsmen from scoring more runs, and run out the batsman nearest that ground. The batsman who is in the ground at the striker's end of the pitch at the start of a delivery is the one who attempts to hit the ball during that delivery, while the other batsman only runs.

Every time one of the two batsmen on the field gets out, another batsman enters the field and has a new partnership with the batsman who did not get out. Each partnership is named by looking at the number of batters who were out before and after the partnership; for example, the partnership between the two batsmen who are on the field when only one batter on the team is out is called the "second-wicket partnership", because it happens after the team has lost 1 wicket (had 1 batter get out), but before the loss of the team's second wicket. Because of this, it rarely happens that a batter retires (leaves the field without being out) and a new batter enters the field without changing the number of the partnership.

Myra, West Virginia

Myra is an unincorporated community in Lincoln County, West Virginia, United States. 

A post office was operated at Myra from September 7, 1883 until it was closed on March 19, 2011. 

The community was founded at the same time the post office was established.

Jacqueline Obradors

Jacqueline Danell Obradors (born October 6, 1966) is an American actress. She has appeared in many movies such as "Six Days, Seven Nights" (1998), "" (1999), "Tortilla Soup" (2001), "A Man Apart" (2003) and "Unstoppable" (2004). 

Claudia Christian

Claudia Christian (born Claudia Ann Coghlan on August 10, 1965) is an American actress, singer, author, musician, and activist. She is known for her role as Commander Susan Ivanova on "Babylon 5", as Captain Maynard on Fox's "9-1-1", and as the voice of Hera on the Netflix series "Blood of Zeus".

Lloyd Austin

Lloyd James Austin III (born August 8, 1953) is an American retired four-star general. He is the 28th and current United States Secretary of Defense since 2021. He was an Army officer and was the 12th commander of United States Central Command (CENTCOM). Austin was the first Black commander of CENTCOM.

On December 7, 2020, Austin was nominated by President-elect Joe Biden to be Secretary of Defense. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on January 22, 2021 which made him the first Black Secretary of Defense in American history.

In early January 2024, Austin was hospitalized in Walter Reed National Military Medical Center after having surgery. The surgery was kept private and was made public a few days later to much controversy. On January 9, 2024, it was revealed that Austin had surgery to treat prostate cancer and had a urinary tract infection.

Alfred Kucharczyk

Alfred Kucharczyk (2 November 1937 – 2 December 2020) was a Polish gymnast. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Radlin, Poland.

Kucharczyk died in Wodzisław Śląski on 2 December 2020 at the age of 83.

Cliff Green

Cliff Green OAM (6 December 1934 – 4 December 2020) was an Australian screenwriter. He was best known for his work in "Picnic at Hanging Rock" (1975). In 2009, he was awarded the Order of Australia Medal. 

He was born in Melbourne. He worked as a school teacher.

His screenplay for the 1990 TV movie, "Boy Soldiers", was the first Australian drama to receive an Emmy nomination.

Green died on 4 December 2020, aged 85.

Dejan Dabović

Dejan Dabović (3 August 1944 – 6 December 2020) was a Yugoslav water polo player. He was known for winning a gold medal in Mexico City in 1968, with the Yugoslavian water polo team. He was born in Herceg Novi.

Dabović died on 6 December 2020 in Belgrade at the age of 76.

Jaromír Kohlíček

Jaromír Kohlíček (February 23, 1953 – December 6, 2020) was a Czech politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament for the Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia from 2004 to 2019. He was born in Teplice. From 1998 to 2004, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic.

Kohlíček died on December 6, 2020 at the age of 67.

Serial (Bad) Weddings

Serial (Bad) Weddings (French: "Qu'est-ce qu'on a fait au Bon Dieu?") is a French movied comedy of 2014, directed by Philippe de Chauveron. 

A happy couple with many children, Claude and Maria Vernay, are raising four beautiful daughters. They are true Catholics who represent an old France. They are respected in society, as they have a good job, four children and a big house. The parents did not expect that their three daughters would find husbands so quickly and get married. The only thing that confuses them is their sons-in-law, who are a little different from them: a Jew, a Chinese and an Arab. For parents, this is a serious problem. Their only hope is for their last daughter. Soon they learn the good news, their fourth daughter marries a true Catholic. But it turns out that the groom is a black West African from the Ivory Coast.

The movie as partly filmed in Chinon and mainly in Paris and in Normandy.

Philippe de Chauveron

Philippe de Chauveron (born 15 November 1965) is a French movie director, and screenwriter. He is a director of 2014 movie "Serial (Bad) Weddings".

Philippe de Chauveron was born on November 15, 1965 in Paris. In 1986 he received a diploma from the Higher School of Cinematographic Research. He began his career in cinema as a screenwriter. He has written 10 screenplays and directed 5 films. In 2014, Philippe staged his most famous film about multicultural marriages, "Serial (Bad) Weddings", which was a great success in France. The movie was watched by more than 12.2 million viewers. Box office in France reached 131 million dollars with a budget of 13 million euros. Box office in all countries was near $ 200 million.

Soedardjat Nataatmadja

Soedardjat Nataatmadja (30 June 19386 December 2020) was an Indonesian politician. He was the Regent of Bogor from 1983 until 1988, the Vice Governor of Irian Jaya from 1989 until 1993, Inspector General of the Ministry of Internal Affairs from 1993 until 1997, and as the member of the People's Representative Council from 1997 until 1999.

Nataatmadja died at a hospital in Jakarta on 6 December 2020 at the age of 82.

Fred Akers

Fred Akers (March 17, 1938 – December 7, 2020) was an American football player and coach. He was head football coach at the University of Wyoming from 1975 to 1976, the University of Texas at Austin from 1977 to 1986 and Purdue University from 1987 to 1990. Akers was born in Blytheville, Arkansas.

Akers died on December 7, 2020 at the age of 82.

Dick Allen

Richard Anthony Allen (March 8, 1942 – December 7, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. During his 15-season Major League Baseball (MLB) career, he appeared as a first baseman, third baseman, and outfielder. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, Los Angeles Dodgers, Oakland Athletics and Chicago White Sox. Allen was born in Wampum, Pennsylvania.

He was going to get into the hall of fame, but he died before he could make it. So sad.

Allen died on December 7, 2020 in Wampum from cancer at the age of 78.

Wampum, Pennsylvania

Wampum is a borough in Lawrence County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 559 at the 2020 census.

Tihomir Arsić

Tihomir Arsić (21 July 1957 – 7 December 2020) was a Serbian actor. He appeared in more than forty movies from 1975 until his death. He was born in Zemun, Serbia. Arsić was known for his roles in "The Promising Boy", "Great Transport", "Battle of Kosovo" and "The Optimists".

Arsić died on 7 December 2020 in Belgrade at the age of 63.

Natalie Desselle-Reid

Natalie Desselle Reid (July 12, 1967 – December 7, 2020) was an American actress. She was known for her roles in "B.A.P.S.", "Def Jam's How to Be a Player", "Set It Off" and "Cinderella".

She also starred in the television series "Built to Last", "For Your Love", and "Eve."

Reid died of colon cancer on December 7, 2020 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 53.

İrfan Gürpınar

İrfan Gürpınar (1943 – 7 December 2020) was a Turkish politician. He was born in Kırklareli, Turkey. He was Minister of Tourism from 1995 to 1996.

Gürpınar died of COVID-19 on 7 December 2020 in Ankara at the age of 77.

Roger Moret

Rogelio "Roger" Moret Torres (September 16, 1949 – December 7, 2020) was a Puerto Rican professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball as a left-handed pitcher from 1970 to 1976 and in 1978 for the Boston Red Sox, Atlanta Braves and the Texas Rangers. He was born in Guayama, Puerto Rico.

Moret died on December 7, 2020 in Guayama from cancer at the age of 71.

Vadim Petrov

Vadim Petrov (24 May 1932 – 7 December 2020) was a Czech composer. He was of Russian-Czech descent. He was born in Prague. Petrov taught music at the Prague Conservatory and at Jaroslav Ježek Conservatory.

Petrov died on 7 December 2020 in Prague at the age of 88.

Janusz Sanocki

Janusz Antoni Sanocki (5 March 1954 – 7 December 2020) was a Polish politician and journalist. He was born in Nysa, Poland. Sanocki was a member of the Liga Nyska party. He was Mayor of Nysa from 1998 to 2001. Sanocki was a member of the Sejm from 2015 to 2019.

Sanocki died on 7 December 2020 in Kędzierzyn-Koźle, Poland from COVID-19 at the age of 66.

Eduardo Galvão

Eduardo Galvão (19 April 1962 – 7 December 2020) was a Brazilian actor. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. His career began in 1989. He was known for his roles as Otacilio in "Porto dos Milagres", Armando in "O Beijo do Vampiro" and as Dr. Roger in "Bom Sucesso".

Galvão died of COVID-19 on 7 December 2020 in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 58.

Aleksandr Gordon

Aleksandr Vitalievich Gordon (26 December 1931 – 7 December 2020) was a Russian actor and movie director. He was born in Moscow. His career began in 1956. His best known role as George in "The Killers" (1956). He directed and wrote the 1957 student movie "There Will Be No Leave Today".

Gordon died on 7 December 2020 in Moscow, just a few weeks before his 89th birthday.

Doug Scott

Douglas Keith Scott (29 May 1941 – 7 December 2020) was an English mountaineer. He was born in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire. He was known for being on the team that made the first ascent of the south-west face of Mount Everest on 24 September 1975.

In early 2020, Scott was diagnosed with brain cancer and lymphoma. He died on 7 December 2020 from the diseases, aged 79.

Klaus Pagh

Klaus Pagh (29 July 1935 – 8 December 2020) was a Danish actor, producer and director. He appeared in 32 movies between 1956 and 2001. Pagh was born in Hørsholm, Denmark. He was known for his roles as Holger in "Soldaterkammerater rykker ud" (1959) and as Rikard in "Me and the Mafia" (1973). He directed the 1973 comedy "Sunstroke at the Beach Resort" (1973).

Pagh died on 8 December 2020 in Copenhagen from Alzheimer's disease-related problems at the age of 85.

Textile industry in India

Indian textile industry, or cloth industry, is one of the largest-growing industries India. In India, fibre crops such as cotton and jute are grown in Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh. Sheep are raised for pashmina, popular in Kashmir.

TV4 (Sweden)

TV4 is a Swedish free-to-air television network owned by TV4 AB. It is owned by the Bonnier Broadcasting Group. 

It started broadcasting by satellite in 1990 and, since 1992, on television. In 1994, TV4 became the largest channel and remained so for a number of years. 

From 2004 to 2019, the TV4 Group was a fully active member of the European Broadcasting Union.

Tasiman

Tasiman (died 7 December 2020) was an Indonesian politician. He was the Regent of the Pati Regency from 2001 to 2011. He was born in Juwana, Pati. Tasiman was chairman of the Regional People's Representative Assembly. Tasiman was a member of the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle.

Tasiman died on 7 December 2020 from COVID-19 at a hospital in Medan, Indonesia.

Sudjati

Sudjati (13 March 1954 – 8 December 2020) was an Indonesian politician. He was born in Semarang, Indonesia. He was Regent of the Bulungan Regency from 2016 until his death. 

Sudjati died on 8 December 2020 in Tanjung Selor, Indonesia from COVID-19 at the age of 66.

Christiane Taubira

Christiane Marie Taubira (; born 2 February 1952) is a French politician.

On 15 May 2012, Taubira was appointed Minister of Justice of France in the Ayrault Government under President François Hollande. She resigned from office on 27 January 2016.

Mare Winningham

Mary Megan "Mare" Winningham (; born May 16, 1959) is an American actress and folk-blues singer-songwriter. She was born in Phoenix, Arizona. Winningham began her acting career in 1976. She won two Emmy Awards during her career. She was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for the 1995 movie "Georgia". 

For a short time in 1981, she was married to actor and singer A Martinez.

Azura

Azura was the third daughter of Adam and Eve in the Abrahamic religions. Azura was also the sister-wife of Seth. The sibcestual relationship between Azura and Seth was the first of Adam and Eve's children which did not involve a twincestual pairing.

She is not mentioned in the writings that are considered the Bible for most Jews and Christians, but she is mentioned in the Book of Jubilees.

Glottal stop

The glottal stop (or glottal plosive) is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is . The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨?⟩. In English, this sound is found in a few accents. One example is the break in "uh-oh".

Features of the glottal stop:


When many languages, such as Arabic, are Romanized (which means they are written with the Latin alphabet instead of their usual writing system), the glottal stop is written with the apostrophe or the symbol ʾ. This is where the IPA letter comes from. In many Polynesian languages that use the Latin alphabet, the glottal stop is written with a rotated apostrophe, . This letter is called "‘okina" in Hawaiian and Samoan. In Malay the glottal stop is written with the letter (at the end of words). In Võro and Maltese, it is written with .

Other writing systems also have letters for the glottal stop. For example, the Hebrew alphabet uses the letter aleph . Cyrillic has the letter palochka . This letter is used in several Caucasian languages. Modern Latin alphabets for some Indigenous Languages of the Caucasus use the letter heng ('Ꜧ ꜧ'). In Tundra Nenets, it is written with the letters apostrophe and double apostrophe . In Japanese, glottal stops occur at the end of interjections of surprise or anger and are written with .

When most Philippine languages are written, the glottal stop is not written all the time. Usually, a word that begins with a vowel (for example, Tagalog , "dog") is always pronounced with a glottal stop before that vowel. (This also happens in Modern German and Hausa.) This glottal stop is not written. Some orthographies (or ways of writing words) use a hyphen instead of the reverse apostrophe if the glottal stop is in the middle of the word (e.g. Tagalog , "love"; or Visayan "gabi-i", "night"). If it is at the end of a word, the last vowel is written with a circumflex accent (known as the "pakupyâ") if the last vowel is stressed and there is a glottal stop in the final vowel (for example, "basâ", "wet"). If the stress is on the penultimate, or second-to-last, syllable, then a grave accent (known as the "paiwà") is used (for example, "batà", "child").

Some Canadian indigenous languages, especially some of the Salishan languages, use the letter ʔ itself as part of their writing systems. In some of them, there are uppercase and lowercase letters for the glottal stop: Ɂ and ɂ. The number 7 or question mark is sometimes used instead of ʔ. Some languages, such as Squamish, use this instead of ʔ. SENĆOŦEN uses the comma to write the glottal stop. However, this is optional in SENĆOŦEN.

In 2015, two women challenged the government of the Northwest Territories. They wanted to use the ʔ character in their daughters' names: Sahaiʔa, a Chipewyan name, and Sakaeʔah, a Slavey name. The government told them that the identity documents the government uses could not have the letter ʔ on them. Because of this, the women instead used hyphens in their daughters' names. After this, they continued to challenge the government.

In the Crow language, the glottal stop is written as a question mark: ?. The only time the glottal stop is used in Crow is as a question marker morpheme, at the end of a sentence. (A question marker makes a sentence into a question.)


Days Inn

Days Inn is a brand of hotels and motels in America.

Naša riječ

Naša riječ (BCMS Cyrillic: Наша ријеч; lit. transl. 'our word') is a weekly newspaper published in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is distributed mainly in Zenica, where its headquarters is located. It was established in 1956. This newspaper costed 25 dinars in SR BiH; current price is 1 mark. The newspaper has more than 4,000 issues. 

Accompanying publications are "ZE-DO eko" and "ZE-DO sport".

Special print (paper) editions, such as for May Day, have red instead of commonly used—blue front-page main-theme/logo color.


So It's Come to This: A Simpsons Clip Show

"So It's Come to This: A Simpsons Clip Show" is the 18th episode of "The Simpsons" fourth season. It was first shown on the Fox network in the United States on April Fools' Day (April 1) in 1993. In the episode, Homer plays many practical jokes on Bart. Bart shakes a can of Homer's beer very hard. When Homer opens the can, the house explodes and puts him in a coma. The Simpson family talk about the events of Homer's life by using episodes that were shown before this one.


Barbara Bouchet

Barbara Bouchet (born 15 August 1943) is a German actress.

Diane Kruger was born as Bärbel Gutscher in Reichenberg, Sudetenland, Germany (present-day Liberec, Czech Republic)



Don't Torture a Duckling

Don't Torture a Duckling () is a 1972 Italian thriller horror movie directed by Lucio Fulci and stars Florinda Bolkan, Barbara Bouchet, Tomas Milian, Irene Papas, Marc Porel and Georges Wilson and was distribuited by Medusa Film.

Kelly Johnson (engineer)

Clarence Leonard "Kelly" Johnson (February 27, 1910 – December 21, 1990) was an American Engineer at Lockheed Martin. He helped make planes, for example the SR-71 Blackbird and the P-38. He worked at the skunkworks at Lockheed Martin. There, with Ben Rich, "The Father of Stealth," they made the Blackbird. The SR-71 had a top speed of 2193 mph or mach 3+. It flew at 80,000 ft above the ground, the only plane to fly that high.

Johnson died at the age of 80 at St. Joseph Medical Center in Burbank after physical deterioration and the advancement of senility, caused by the hardening of his arteries connecting to his brain.


Gandolfini

Gandolfini is a surname and may refer to:

Cain (disambiguation)

Cain was the son of Adam and Eve and brother-husband of Luluwa. Cain may also refer to:



Caliber 9

Caliber 9 () is a 1972 Italian crime movie directed by Fernando Di Leo and stars Gastone Moschin, Barbara Bouchet, Mario Adorf, Frank Wolff, Luigi Pistilli, Ivo Garrani and Lionel Stander.

Spherical cow

A spherical cow is a metaphor that is used when a complex scientific model is made more simple than it really should be.

The words "spherical cow" came from a joke where a dairy farmer talks to a theoretical physicist about how to get more prices for his milk. The physicist later talks about an answer to the problem at a seminar. The physicist says "First, we assume a spherical cow..." Sometimes, a "spherical horse" is used instead of a cow. For example, there is a joke about a physicist who says that he can find out who will win a race if it had a "spherical horse moving through a vacuum".

How to Train Your Dragon 2

How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a 2014 3D American computer-animated action fantasy movie and the second installment in the series. A sequel to "How to Train Your Dragon", It is directed and written by Dean DeBlois, It stars the voices of Jay Baruchel, Gerard Butler, Craig Ferguson, America Ferrera, Jonah Hill, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, T.J. Miller, and Kristen Wiig.



Wuthering Heights (1939 movie)

Wuthering Heights is a 1939 American romantic period movie directed by William Wyler and is the second adaption of the 1847 novel of the same name by Emily Brontë. It stars Laurence Olivier, Merle Oberon, David Niven, Flora Robinson, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Hugh Williams, Donald Crisp, Leo G. Caroll and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 8 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1940.


No-hair theorem

The no-hair theorem is about black holes. 
Black holes can be described by just three visible properties: mass, electric charge, and angular momentum, or spin. 

The theory itself was first stated by Werner Israel, a Canadian physicist. Then John Archibald Wheeler said that black holes have no hairs. This gave the idea its name. What he meant was: except for these three properties, "no other properties can be got from a black hole". However, Wheeler said that Jacob Bekenstein coined the phrase.

Riders of Destiny

Riders of Destiny is a 1933 American western movie directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne, Cecilia Parker, Forrest Taylor, George "Gabby" Hayes, Al St. John, Heinie Conklin, Yakima Canutt. It was distributed by Monogram Pictures.

Lipstick feminism

Lipstick feminism is a kind of feminism that originated with third wave feminism of the 1990s and 2000s. In the first two waves, feminists fought for ideas such as being able to vote in elections. Lipstick feminists still see themselves as feminists, but they also want to keep some of their attributes as women, such as their sexuality, or attractiveness. Women like Zora Neale Hurston and Emma Goldman have argued that by using philosophical ideas of aesthetics and ideas of femininity, it is possible to empower and analyze the ways that gender works in daily life.
Lipstick feminists also want ot use certain derogatory words, such as slut, and use them in positive ways. There is a SlutWalk movement, which fights against victim blaming in rapes.

Knick knack

Knickknacks or knick knacks are small objects. Usually knick knacks are not useful. They are usually pretty or interesting. 

There are many words that mean the same thing as knick knack. 

The Gay Sisters

The Gay Sisters is a 1942 American romantic drama movies directed by Irving Rapper and was based on the novel by Stephen Longstreet. It stars Barbara Stanwyck, George Brent, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Donald Crisp, Gig Young, Nancy Coleman, Donald Woods, Larry Simms and was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures.


Counting Stars

"Counting Stars" is a song by pop rock band OneRepublic, from their third studio album, "Native". The song was released as a second single of the album, on June 14, 2013. It became gold in the UK by number of sold copies.

Pollock, Louisiana

Pollock is a small town in Grant Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Washington, Louisiana

Washington is a small town in St. Landry Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Forest Hill, Louisiana

Forest Hill is a village in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, United States.

The General Died at Dawn

The General Died at Dawn is a 1936 American adventure drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Gary Cooper, Madeleine Carroll, Akim Tamiroff, Dudley Digges, Porter Hall, William Frawley, Philip Ahn. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1937.


October 1974 United Kingdom general election

A general election was held on the 10 October 1974 to elect all 635 members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The Labour Party won the election with a very small majority of 3 seats and Harold Wilson stayed as Prime Minister.

This was the second general election to happen in 1974. The last election in February ended in a hung parliament and no parties wanted to start a coalition government. This meant Labour had to start a minority government. This is why a second election was held, because governments are very hard to run if they do not have a majority.

February 1974 United Kingdom general election

A general election was held on 28 February 1974 to elect all 635 members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The election ended in a hung parliament as no party had a majority. Nobody agreed to start a coalition, so Labour had to start a minority government (as they had won the most seats), and Harold Wilson became Prime Minister.

It is very hard to run a government if the party has no majority, and so the House of Commons agreed to hold another general election in October. This was done so that a party could win a majority.


Cream puff

A cream puff is a French dessert made out of a pastry ball filled with whipped cream, custard, pastry cream, or ice cream. A cream puff can also be called a profiterole or a chou à la crème.

1970 United Kingdom general election

A general election was held on 18 June 1970 to elect all 630 members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The Conservative Party won the election and Edward Heath became Prime Minister.

Most people thought that the Labour Party would win the election and it was a surprise that the Conservatives won. Opinion polls had showed Labour ahead, but were wrong. This was the first election where people aged over 18 could vote, instead of 21.

Cranberry Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania

Cranberry Township is a town in Butler County, Pennsylvania. 33,096 people lived there in 2020.

Cranberry Township has seven borders, including Jackson Township to the north, Forward Township at its northeast corner, Adams Township to the east, Seven Fields to the southeast, Pine Township and Marshall Township to the south, and New Sewickley Township to the west.

The Garden of Allah (1936 movie)

The Garden of Allah is a 1936 American romantic adventure drama movie directed by Richard Boleslawski and is the third version of the 1904 novel of the same name by Robert S. Hichens. It stars Marlene Dietrich, Charles Boyer, Basil Rathbone, C. Aubrey Smith, John Carradine, Lucile Watson and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 3 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1937.


Michaela Conlin

Michaela Conlin (born June 9, 1978) is an American actress. Conlin is best known for her role as Angela Montenegro on the Fox crime procedural comedy-drama "Bones". Conlin was born in Allentown, Pennsylvania.

Niki Caro

Nikola Jean Caro (born 20 September 1966) is a New Zealand movie director and screenwriter. She is best known for directing the 2002 movie "Whale Rider" and the 2020 live action version of Disney's "Mulan".

John King (journalist)

John King (born August 30, 1963) is an American news anchor. He is CNN's chief national correspondent and is an anchor for "Inside Politics". He is the former anchor of "State of the Union", as well as "John King, USA". 

King is known for his data breakdown on CNN during election cycles such as congressional, primary and presidential elections.

Dolf de Vries

Dolf de Vries (11 July 1937 – 5 December 2020) was a Dutch actor and writer. He was born in The Hague. He was known for his roles as Paul in "Turkish Delight" (1973), Jacques in "Soldier of Orange" (1977), Dr. de Vries in "The Fourth Man" (1983) and as Mr. Smaal in "Black Book" (2006).

de Vries died on 5 December 2020 in The Hague at the age of 83.

The Charge of the Light Brigade (1936 movie)

The Charge of the Light Brigade is a 1936 American adventure movie directed by Michael Curtiz and was based on the 1854 poem of the same name by Alfred, Lord Tennyson. It stars Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, Patric Knowles, Henry Stephenson, Nigel Bruce, Donald Crisp, David Niven, Spring Byington and was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1937 and was remade in 1968.


Winterset (movie)

Winterset is a 1936 American crime drama movie directed by Alfred Santell and was based on the 1935 play of the same name by Maxwell Anderson. It stars Burgess Meredith (in his film debut), Margo, Eduardo Ciannelli, Maurice Moscovitch, Stanley Ridges, Willard Robertson, Alec Craig and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1937.

Jack Scarbath

John (Jack) Carl Scarbath (August 12, 1930December 6, 2020) was a professional American football quarterback in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins and Pittsburgh Steelers. He was honored into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1983. Scarbath was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Scarbath died on December 6, 2020 in Rising Sun, Maryland from congestive heart failure, aged 90.

Rising Sun, Maryland

Rising Sun is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States. The population was 2,740 at the 2020 census.

Pumza Dyantyi

Pumza Patricia Dyantyi (5 September 19487 December 2020) was a South African politician and anti-apartheid activist. She was a member of the African National Congress. Dyantyi was elected to the Eastern Cape Provincial Legislature in 2014. She was the Member of the Executive Council (MEC) for Health from 2014 to 2018. From 2019 Dyantyi was a member of the South African National Assembly.

Dyantyi died on 7 December 2020 at the age of 78.

Howard Wales

Howard Wales (February 8, 1943 — December 7, 2020) was an American rock jazz keyboardist. He was best known for his works with Jerry Garcia in the early 1970s. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. His works include 1970 Grateful Dead album "American Beauty". He played organ on the songs "Truckin'" and "Candyman", and piano on "Brokedown Palace".

Wales died on December 7, 2020 in Redding, California from a cerebral hemorrhage, aged 77.

Harold Budd

Harold Montgomory Budd (May 24, 1936December 8, 2020) was an American avant-garde composer and poet. He was known for his works with Brian Eno and Robin Guthrie. 

Budd died on December 8, 2020 from COVID-19 in Los Angeles at the age of 84.


Raffaele Pinto

Raffaele "Lele" Pinto (13 April 1945 – 8 December 2020) was an Italian rally driver. He won the 1974 Rally Portugal and the 1978 Rally Sanremo. His career lasted from 1973 to 1978. Pinto was born in Casnate, Italy. 

Pinto died on 8 December 2020 in Cecina, Tuscany at the age of 75.

Cecina, Tuscany

Cecina () is a "comune" (municipality) of 28,322 people living here in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region Tuscany. It is located about southwest of Florence and about southeast of Livorno.

Alejandro Sabella

Alejandro Javier Sabella (; 5 November 19548 December 2020) was an Argentine football player and manager. 

He began his playing career with River Plate. He moved to England in 1978 to play for Sheffield United. 

Sabella was known as "Alex" while in England. He played for Leeds United, before returning to South America and representing Estudiantes, Grêmio, Ferro Carril Oeste and Irapuato.

From 1983 to 1984, he managed the national team.

Sabella died of heart failure caused by a virus on 8 December 2020 at a hospital in Buenos Aires, aged 66.

River Plate

Estudiantes (LP)

Grêmio

Estudiantes (LP)

Argentina

Yevgeny Shaposhnikov

Yevgeny Ivanovich Shaposhnikov (; 3 February 1942 – 8 December 2020) was a Soviet and Russian military leader and politician. He was born in Rostov Oblast, Soviet Union. Shaposhnikov was Minister of Defence between 1991 and 1992.

Shaposhnikov died on 8 December 2020 in Moscow from COVID-19 at the age of 78.

Gerard Stokes

Gerard James Stokes (1955 – December 2020) was a New Zealand rugby league footballer. He played in the 1970s and 1980s, and coached in the 1980s through to the 2010s. He represented New Zealand. He was a coach of the Serbian national side. He was the father of England international cricketer Ben Stokes.

In August 2020 Stokes revealed that he had been diagnosed with brain cancer in January 2020. Stokes' death was announced on 8 December 2020.

Jillian Bell

Jillian Leigh Bell (born April 25, 1984) is an American comedian, actress, and screenwriter. She is known for her role in "Brittany Runs a Marathon". She starred as Jillian Belk on "Workaholics" and had a role as Dixie on the final season of "Eastbound & Down", and appeared in "22 Jump Street" and "Fist Fight". Bell was born in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Lo-fi music

Lo-fi (short for low-fidelity) is a type of music which has qualities which are usually seen as not perfect of a recording or performance are audible, sometimes as a deliberate aesthetic choice. 

Lo-fi began to be recognized as a style of popular music in the 1990s, when it became alternately referred to as DIY music.

Jack (1996 movie)

Jack is a 1996 American comedy-drama movie directed by Francis Ford Coppola. It stars Robin Williams as Jack. The movie co-stars Diane Lane, Jennifer Lopez, Fran Drescher, Bill Cosby, and Brian Kerwin.

Williams plays Jack Powell, a boy who ages four times faster than normal because of Werner syndrome, a form of progeria.

Brian Kerwin

Brian Kerwin (born October 25, 1949) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Hal Nichols in "27 Dresses" and Mr. Powell in "Jack".

Werner syndrome

Werner syndrome (WS) (sometimes Werner's syndrome), also known as "adult progeria", is a rare, autosomal recessive disorder which causes the appearance of premature aging.

Werner syndrome is named after the German scientist Otto Werner.

The odds of a baby being born with it are 1 in 100,000 live births. 

John H. Edwards

John Hilton Edwards (26 March 1928 – 11 October 2007) was a British medical geneticist. Edwards reported the first description of a syndrome of multiple congenital malformations caused by the presence of an extra chromosome.

In 1979, Edwards was elected to fellowship of the Royal Society.

Vyacheslav Kebich

Vyacheslav Frantsevich Kebich ( , ; 10 June 1936 – 9 December 2020) was a Belarusian politician. He was the 1st Prime Minister of Belarus from 1991 to 1994.

Kebich died on 9 December 2020 at a hospital in Minsk, Belarus from COVID-19, aged 84.

Sergey Ling

Sergey Stepanovich Ling (; ; born 7 May 1937) is a Belarusian politician and agronomist. He was Prime Minister of Belarus from 1996 to 2000 and Permanent Representative of Belarus to the United Nations from 2000 to 2002.

Roman Golovchenko

Roman Alexandrovich Golovchenko (, Russian: Роман Александрович Головченко; born 10 August 1973) is a Belarusian politician. He has been the Prime Minister of Belarus since 4 June 2020.

In June 2022, Golovchenko was blacklisted by Canada.

Myechyslaw Hryb

Myechyslaw Ivanavich Hryb (, , , born on 25 September 1938) was the eleventh Chairman of the Supreme Soviet of Belarus from 28 January 1994 to 10 January 1996. Hryb created the first Constitution of Belarus.

Probolinggo

Probolinggo (, ) is a city on the north coast of East Java province, Indonesia. Its area is 56.67 sq. km. The population was 217,062 at the 2010 Census.

John Harvey (racing driver)

John Francis Harvey (21 February 1938 – 5 December 2020) was an Australian racing driver. He was a top Speedcar driver for many years in the 1950s and 1960s.

In the 2020 Australia Day Honours, Harvey was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia for service to motor sports.

Harvey died on 5 December 2020, aged 82, from lung cancer in Melbourne.

Ildegarda Taffra

Ildegarda Taffra (June 30, 1934 – December 7, 2020) was an Italian cross-country skier. She competed in the 1950s. She was born in Tarvisio. Competing in two Winter Olympics, she finished eighth in the 3 × 5 km relay at Cortina d'Ampezzo in 1956. Taffra also competed in the 10 km event at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, but did not finish.

Taffra died in Trieste on 7 December 2020, aged 86.


Tarvisio

Tarvisio (German and , ) is a comune in the northeastern part of the autonomous Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.

Wang Yupu

Wang Yupu (; 1956 – 8 December 2020) was a Chinese businessman and politician. He was chairman of Sinopec, the world's second-biggest oil refiner.

Wang was born in Xinmin, Liaoning. In September 2017, Wang was appointed as the Director of the State Administration of Work Safety.

He was appointed as the first Minister of Emergency Management in March 2018.

Wang died on 8 December 2020 at the age of 64.

Mohammad Yazdi

Mohammad Yazdi (, 2 July 1931 – 9 December 2020) was an Iranian cleric and politician. He was the head of Judiciary System of Iran between 1989 and 1999. In 2015, he was elected to lead Iran's Assembly of Experts. Yazdi was also Chief Justice of Iran from 1989 to 1999. Yazdi was born in Isfahan, Iran.

Yazdi died on 9 December 2020 from stomach cancer in Tehran, aged 89.

Aslanbek Fidarov

Aslanbek Fidarov (4 May 1973 – 8 December 2020) was a Ukrainian wrestler. He competed in the men's freestyle 57 kg at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born in Kiev, Ukraine.

Fidarov died on 8 December 2020 in Kiev from COVID-19, aged 47.

Valeriu Turea

Valeriu Turea (6 October 1951 – 9 December 2020) was a Moldovan politician and journalist. He was the Moldovan Ambassador to Portugal between the period of 2010 to 2015. From 2015 to 2016 he was the general director of the Office for Relations with the Diaspora. He was born in Rososhany, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukrainian SSR.

Turea died on 9 December 2020 at the age of 69.

COVID-19 pandemic in Moldova

The COVID-19 pandemic in Moldova is part of the worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). 

The virus was confirmed to have reached the Republic of Moldova on 7 March 2020, when a Moldovan woman that returned from Italy was tested positive for the new coronavirus. 

As the number of infected people started to rise during the next days, on 17 March 2020 the Parliament declared the state of emergency for the entire territory of the Republic of Moldova for a period of 60 days.

On 18 March 2020 the first death caused by COVID-19 was registered. 

On 15 May 2020, in the last day of the state of emergency declared by the Parliament on 17 March 2020, the Extraordinary National Commission of Public Health declared the state of emergency in public health for the entire territory of the Republic of Moldova for the period of 16 May to 30 June 2020. 

, a total of 119,204 confirmed cases, 102,565 recoveries, and 2,460 deaths have been reported in the country.

Chowdhury Kamal Ibne Yusuf

Chowdhury Kamal Ibne Yusuf (1940 – 9 December 2020) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was a leader of Bangladesh Nationalist Party. From 2001 to 2004, he was Minister of Disaster Management and Relief. From 2004 to 2006, he was Minister of Food.

Yusuf died of COVID-19 at a Dhaka hospital on 9 December 2020, aged 80.

Michael McKean

Michael John McKean (born October 17, 1947) is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter, and musician. He played Lenny Kosnowski in "Laverne & Shirley", David St. Hubbins in "This Is Spinal Tap", and Chuck McGill on "Better Call Saul".

Annette O'Toole

Annette O'Toole (born April 1, 1952) is an American actress, dancer, and singer-songwriter. 

She played Lisa Bridges in the TV series "Nash Bridges"; Beverly Marsh in the "It" miniseries; Lana Lang in "Superman III"; Kathy in the romantic-comedy "Cross My Heart"; and Martha Kent, the mother of Clark Kent, on the television series "Smallville".

John Toll

John Toll, (born June 15, 1952) is an American cinematographer and television producer. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography in both 1994 and 1995 for "Legends of the Fall" and "Braveheart".

Honduran Americans

Honduran Americans are American or US citizens of Honduran heritage, who belong to one or more ethnic group such as Mestizo, White, Lenca, Ladino people, Miskito people, Garifuna, and Creole peoples.

Ticker symbol

A ticker symbol or stock symbol is an abbreviation for trading public shares in certain markets. A ticker symbol can have letters and/or numbers. The name comes from the symbols on the ticker tape from the machine of the same name. Ticker symbols are assigned to each traded security, and are different in each country where stocks are traded.

Enix

Enix was a Japanese company which published anime, manga and video games, before merging with Square Co., Ltd. to form Square Enix. Their last game was "", for their most popular "Dragon Quest" series of role-playing games which was started on the Famicom. In 2000, they setup a subsidiary to handle fingerprint identification.

Juan de Herrera

Juan de Herrera (Roiz, Cantabria, 1530 - Madrid, 15 January 1597) was a Spanish architect, mathematician, geometer and soldier, considered one of the maximum exponents of Spain's Renaissance architecture.

His architectural style, called "herreriano" in his honour, was representative of the reign of Philip II of Spain (r. 1556-1598) and was a notable influence on 17th century Spanish architecture.

Mood (song)

"Mood" is a song by rapper 24kGoldn. It was made in 2020.

Green Party (Ireland)

The Green Party (, literally "Green Alliance") is a green political party in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. It was started in 1981 as the Ecology Party of Ireland. It was known as the Green Alliance from 1983, before becoming the Green Party in 1987. As of July 2022, its leader is Eamon Ryan.

It is currently part of a coalition government with Fianna Fáil and Fine Gael. It has 12 seats in the Dáil Éireann and is the smallest party in the coalition. It is the fourth largest party in the Dáil. The Green Party was also part of the government from 2007 until 2011.


De La Salle College Dundalk

De La Salle College Dundalk is a Secondary School in Dundalk, County Louth, Ireland.

Albert Chernenko

Albert Konstantinovich Chernenko (January 6, 1935 – April 11, 2009) was a Russian philosopher. His father was Konstantin Chernenko, the fifth General Secretary of the Soviet Union.

Hyla perrini

Perrin's tree frog or Po's tree toad ("Hyla perrini") is a frog from Europe. Scientists saw it on the flat land near the Po in Italy, in Switzerland and in Slovenia.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Hyla intermedia" but now they think the two frogs are different but related.

Kay Purcell

Kay Purcell (6 December 1963 – 23 December 2020) was an English actress. She was best known for portraying the roles of Cynthia Daggert in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (2001–2002), Candice Smilie in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2007–2009), and Gina Conway in the CBBC drama series "Tracy Beaker Returns" (2010–2012) and its spin-off series "The Dumping Ground" (2013). Then from 2015 to 2017, she appeared as Mrs. Rennison in the CBBC sitcom "So Awkward" (2015–2017).

In early 2017, Purcell was diagnosed with breast cancer. Purcell posted images, videos and blogs on social media to show her own experience of the disease. In early 2020, Purcell was diagnosed with terminal liver cancer and was given a life expectancy of two years. She died from the disease on 23 December 2020, aged 57.

Eva Pope

Eva Rebecca Pope (born 16 November 1967) is an English actress and producer. She is best known for portraying the roles of Tanya Pooley in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (1993–1994), and Rachel Mason in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2007–2010). 
Pope's other acting roles include Stephanie Jacobs in the Sky One drama series "Dream Team" (1997–1998), Frances Myers in the ITV prison drama series "Bad Girls" (2004), and Matron Gertrude Bottomly in the CBBC children's drama series "Hetty Feather" (2015–2020).

She trained to be an actress at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art, graduating in 1988.

Pope was married to graphic designer Laurence Lassalle, with whom she has a daughter Elise (born 1995).

Rocky Linux

Rocky Linux is the idea of a Linux distribution to replace CentOS. The idea was born after Red Hat decided not to honor the decision to provide full updates for CentOS 8 until 2024 and maintainence updates until 2029 as initially announced.

Gregory Kurtzer, founder of the CentOS project made this announcement and the community is actively working on the project.

CentOS was acquired by Red Hat in 2014. On December 8, 2020, it was announced that the CentOS project, previously a downstream branch of Red Hat Enterprise Linux, would be moving to CentOS Stream, an upstream development branch of RHEL. 

The maintenance schedule for CentOS 8 was also changed, ending full updates and maintenance updates on December 31, 2021. As an aside, the maintenance schedule for CentOS 7 is unchanged, with maintenance updates ending on June 30, 2024. 


Mother goddess

A mother goddess is a goddess that is a personification of motherhood, or of fertility. Sometimes, they are called mother earth or earth mother. This concept is usually coupled with a sky father, or father sky. Very often, the mother goddess is also the mother of other deities.

Dynamical system

A Dynamical system is a mathematical model of a process, that is dependent on time. The process is homogeneous, it only depends on the initial state. The current terminology was established by Henri Poincaré and George David Birkhoff. 

Dynamical systems are very common. Examples are the movement of a pendulum in physics, or the predator-prey equations in biology.

Predator-prey equations

The predator-prey equations is an ecological system. Two linked equations model the two species which depend on each other: One is the prey, which provides food for the other, the predator. Both prey and predator populations grow if conditions are right. Alfred J. Lotka found these equations in 1925. Vito Volterra found them, independently, in 1926. For this reason, the equations are also called Lotka-Volterra equations.

The equations themselves are non-linear differential equations. 
There are a number of pre-conditions

In this case the solution of the differential equations is deterministic and continuous. This means that the generations of both the predator and prey are overlapping all the time.

The solutions to the equations lead to the Lotka-Volterra rules:


Consider two populations whose sizes at a reference time t are denoted by x(t), y(t), respectively. The functions x and y might might denote population numbers or concentration (number per area) or some other scaled measure of the population sizes, but are taken to be continuous functions. Changes in population size with time are describing by the time derivatives formula_1 and formula_2, respectively.

In one of his books, Volterra provided statistics on the number of certain cartilagenous fish caught at some Italian ports in the Mediterranean. Volterra used the term "sélaciens", which refers to sharks. These often prey on other fish. In the table, Volterra provided numbers for 1905, and 1910 to 1923:

He observed that between 1915 and 1920, more of these fish were caught. He expained this as follows: During the First World War, less fishing was done. For this reason, there were more prey animals, so the number of predators increased. After the war, fishing increased again, reducing the number of prey animals. This also led to a decrease in the number of predators, which can be seen in the table above.

The use of the first Lotka-Volerra rule in economics is known as the pork cycle.

The predator-prey equations have also been the foundation of other work. Volterra himself extended it to be able to model intraspecific competition. Intraspecific competition occurs when two aninimals of the same species compete for limited resources. Intraspecific competition is an important factor to regulate population density. It is also important to be able to adapt to a changing environment (and for evoution). Volterra did this by adding new terns to the equation.

Most of Volerra's work is about extending the model to be able to handle more than two classes of animals interacting.




Bat Trang Pottery Village

Bat Trang is a historic village in Vietnam, famous for making traditional pottery and ceramics. Bat Trang Village is a popular tourist destination in North Vietnam. The famous village produces and trades many kinds of ceramics inside and outside the country.

Bat Trang pottery village was established about 1000 years ago in the Red River Delta region of Vietnam. Located in an area rich in white clay, the people of the village had the advantage of producing pottery. Five famous pottery families of Bo Bat village (now Ninh Bình Province) came and brought pottery artisans to Bat Trang village. The five families and the Nguyen family of Bat Trang opened the first pottery production kilns in the village. About the 12th century, Hua Vinh Kieu learned some new techniques of pottery production from Guangdong Province in China and taught Bat Trang pottery makers how to make a white glaze.
Bat Trang village has produced pottery since the 11th century. During the 11th and 12th centuries, the Ly Emperors chose the Bat Trang pottery as a tribute for the Chinese Emperor. The village has about 80 percent of the 1200 kilns that had fired ceramics since the village was established. Throughout the years, the village's products have become more diversified. Bat Trang potteries are well-known and have gained popularity in many countries.

Bat Trang products are classified into three different kinds depending on their usage.

•           Household items: plates, bowls, teacups, kettles, wine bottles, flowerpots, vases, jars, cups, pots, etc.

•           Religious items: lamp stands, candle holders, incense burners, altar boxes, swords, etc.

•           Decorative objects: altars, statues, and architectural fixtures.

Since the village was established, most residents there have been involved in the pottery business. The economy of the village now depends on tourism and sales of the pottery. Besides making income, the people also want to teach the craft and to keep the old skills alive.

Bat Trang ceramic village has become popular with tourists. Visitors can study the history, culture, and traditional worth of each of the handicraft products.

Bat Trang village festival is organized from the 14th to 16th day of the second lunar month each year. The festival brings various special activities to honor the first pottery making. The people of the village have some traditional games such as  "xiangqi" (or Chinese chess), chessboard, tug of war, choir. Many special ceramic products of the village's best craftsmen are displayed at the time.
The largest Bat Trang pottery market displays and sells many ceramic products of the village. Visitors can buy and learn to make pottery products. Located at the entrance to Bat Trang village, the market covers an area of about 20,000 feet (6000 meters).
Van Van is a private museum of the traditional pottery of Bat Trang village.  Mr. Tran Ngoc Lam, a member of the UNESCO Center for Research and Conservation of Vietnam Antiques, built the museum in 2002. The museum includes 3 old houses from the 19th century. It displays more than 400 pottery products that were made from the 15th century to the 19th century by the people of the Bat Trang village.
Bat Trang is a small village in the north of Vietnam. The village belongs to the Gia Lâm district of the capital city, Hanoi. Bat Trang is located on the other side of Chuong Duong bridge, about 8 miles (13 kilometers) southeast of the center of Hanoi.

Acculturation

is a term used to describe how an individual or a group from one culture interacts directly with an individual or group from a different culture.e

 Psychologists have also been interested in studying acculturation but are interested in the effects of acculturation on individuals. Sociologists also study acculturation and how societies change from interacting with new cultures. 

The process of acculturation can have four outcomes: assimilation, integration, separation, and marginalization. These four outcomes are shown in the picture to the right. 


Anthropologists, Psychologists, and Sociologists all use acculturation to help explain changes that happen when cultures interact. One way of measuring levels of acculturation is through acculturative stress. This measurement helps relate acculturation to other ideas or issues and helps researchers understand what happens to individuals and groups during acculturation. Many studies have looked at acculturative stress and health of individuals. Other acculturation research studies have focused on immigrant populations to the United States and other minority groups.

The Base (hate group)

The Base is a world Neo-Nazi and white supremacist hate group. They formed in 2018. They are in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada and Australia.

The group wants to perform terrorism and overthrow governments. It operates "hate camps". It also organizes ethnic conflict and survivalism.

On January 16, 2020, three members of The Base were arrested by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).

Fallen Angel (1945 movie)

Fallen Angel is a 1945 American crime mystery movie directed by Otto Preminger and was based on the novel of the same name by Marty Holland. It stars Alice Faye, Linda Darnell, Dana Andrews, Bruce Cabot, Charles Bickford, John Carradine and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


2056

2056 (MMLVI) will be .



Katherine Tai

Katherine Chi Tai (born March 18, 1974) is an American lawyer and politician. She is the 19th and current United States Trade Representative since March 18, 2021. Tai is a member of the Democratic Party.

She was the chief trade counsel for the United States House Committee on Ways and Means.

In December 2020, Tai was nominated by then President-elect Joe Biden to serve as United States Trade Representative. She was confirmed by the United States Senate with a 98-0 vote on March 17, 2021.

Persona

A persona (plural personae or personas), may mean the public image of one's personality, or the social role that one adopts. It can also mean a fictional character. 

The word originally meant a theatrical mask. So acting is the original idea. But now the concept is much wider. People adopt one persona at work, another at home. 

On the web, users develop virtual personas as online identities.

A series of games relating to changing the hearts and emotions of others, created by ATLUS studios 

Faithful in My Fashion

Faithful in My Fashion is a 1946 American romantic comedy movie directed by Sidney Salkow and starring Donna Reed, Tom Drake, Edward Everett Horton, Spring Byington, Harry Devonpart. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Karim Salman

Salman died on 2 December 2020, aged 55, from COVID-19 in Baghdad.

Goo Kennedy

Eugene "Goo" Kennedy (August 23, 1949December 8, 2020) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Charlotte, North Carolina. Kennedy played four seasons in the American Basketball Association as a member of the Dallas Chaparrals, San Antonio Spurs, Spirits of St. Louis, and Utah Stars. He then played one season in the National Basketball Association with the Houston Rockets.

Kennedy died at age 71 on December 8, 2020 in Texas.

Dick Hinch

Richard W. Hinch (May 1, 1949 – December 9, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was a member and Speaker of the New Hampshire House of Representatives. He became speaker on December 2, 2020 just one week before his death. He was elected to the state house in 2008. Hinch was born in Marblehead, Massachusetts.

Hinch died at his home in Concord, New Hampshire on December 9, 2020 from COVID-19, at age 71.

Sean Malone

Sean Malone (April 12, 1970 – December 7, 2020) was an American musician. He played mainly fretless bass guitar and Chapman Stick. However, Malone also played piano, keyboards, and guitar. His most famous for his work was in American band Cynic, in which he developed a strong partnership with the drummer Sean Reinert. 

On 9 December 2020, it was announced that Malone had died.

Delran Township, New Jersey

Delran Township is a township in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 17,882.

Marblehead, Massachusetts

Marblehead is a coastal New England town in Essex County, Massachusetts. Its population was 20,441 at the 2020 census.

Ray Perkins

Walter Ray Perkins (6 November 1941 – 9 December 2020) was an American football coach and player. He played as a wide receiver for the University of Alabama and Baltimore Colts. He later worked as a football coach for 28 years, including as the head coach for the New York Giants, the University of Alabama, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and Arkansas State University. Perkins was born in Petal, Mississippi.

Perkins died on 9 December 2020 in Northport, Alabama from heart disease at the age of 79.

Petal, Mississippi

Petal is a city in Forrest County, Mississippi, along the Leaf River. The population was 11,010 in the 2020 census.

Petal was incorporated in 1974, although the community had existed for many years prior as a trading post and school district. The city's name is derived from its proximity to Hattiesburg, known as "The Hub City," thus making Petal a "petal" of the hub.

Petal is located in southeastern Mississippi adjacent to the city of Hattiesburg. The Leaf River flows along its boundary, contributing to the city's landscape and ecology.

The economy of Petal is diverse, featuring a mixture of retail, manufacturing, and service industries. The city benefits from its proximity to Hattiesburg, allowing residents to participate in the larger city's economic activities.

Petal is known for its strong public school system, including Petal High School, which has received national recognition for academic excellence. The city also has several elementary and middle schools.

Petal offers various recreational activities, including parks, sports complexes, and community events. The proximity to the De Soto National Forest and the Leaf River provides opportunities for outdoor activities like hiking, fishing, and canoeing.

Petal operates under a Mayor-Council form of government. The city government is responsible for public services, including law enforcement, fire protection, and public works.

Petal is served by several major highways and is close to the Hattiesburg-Laurel Regional Airport. The city has developed infrastructure to support its growing population and business community.

Astad Deboo

Astad Deboo (13 July 1947 – 10 December 2020) was an Indian contemporary dancer and choreographer. His works focused on Indian classical dance forms of Kathak as well as Kathakali. He was one of the best known dancers of India. He worked with Pina Bausch, Alison Becker Chase and Pink Floyd.

He was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1996 and Padma Shri in 2007.

Deboo died on 10 December 2020 in Mumbai from a subdural haematoma caused by a fall at the age of 73.

Iman Budhi Santosa

Iman Budhi Santosa (28 March 1948 – 10 December 2020), commonly known as IBS, was an Indonesian author. Many of his poems and novels were based on Javanese cultural. He published "Ziarah Tanah Jawa" ("Pilgrimage to the Land of Java"), a collection of poems written between 2006 and 2012, in 2013.

Santosa died on 10 December 2020 in Yogyakarta, Indonesia from a heart attack, aged 72.


Mungo Wentworth MacCallum

Mungo Wentworth MacCallum (21 December 1941 – 9 December 2020) was an Australian political commentator and journalist. He was born in Sydney, New South Wales. 

MacCallum was also known for his strongly centre-left, pro-Australian Labor Party views. He worked for "The Australian", "The National Times", "The Sydney Morning Herald" and "Nation Review". He wrote political commentary for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) current affairs and news analysis program The Drum,

MacCallum died at his home in Ocean Shores, New South Wales from throat and prostate cancer-related problems on 9 December 2020, aged 78.

Ocean Shores, New South Wales

Ocean Shores is a coastal town in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia. At the 2016 census, Ocean Shores had a population of 5,137 people.

Marc Meneau

Marc Meneau (March 16, 1943 – December 9, 2020) was a French chef. He earned three stars from the Guide Michelin. He was the chef of the restaurant "L'Espérance" located in Saint-Père, Yonne. Meneau was born in Avallon, Yonne. He also had a Gault et Millau rating of 19 out of 20. In 1998, Meneau was named Chevalier (Knight) of the Legion of Honour.

Meneau died on December 9, 2020 in Auxerre, Burgundy at the age of 77.

Malcolm Simpson

Clarence Malcolm Simpson (26 September 1933 – 7 December 2020) was a New Zealand cyclist. He represented his country at the 1952 Olympic Games. In the 1950 British Empire Games, he came sixth in the 1 km time trial. Simpson was born in Auckland.

Simpson died in Takapuna on 7 December 2020 at the age of 87.

Angie Cepeda

Angélica María Cepeda Jiménez (born 2 August 1974), professionally known as Angie Cepeda, is a Colombian actress. She is probably best known for her roles in telenovela "Pobre Diabla" and in the movies "Captain Pantoja and the Special Services" and "Love in the Time of Cholera".

Inca Garcilaso de la Vega

Gómez Suárez of Figueroa, renowned like Inca Garcilaso of the Vega from 1563 (Cuzco, Government of New Castilla, 12 April 1539 - Córdoba, Spain, 23 April 1616), went a writer and historian of Hispanic ancestry-incaica been born in the current territory of the Peru.

Fimcap

FIMCAP is an international youth organization. It unites youth organizations from different countries. Most of the member organizations of FIMCAP are Catholic. FIMCAP was founded in 1962.

In 1959 youth organizations from France, Belgium and the Netherlands met. They discussed together how they can work together in the future. Based on these discussion they developed a joint plan. Following the plan they met again in Munich in 1960 at a big Catholic meeting. Following these meetings, they decided in 1961 to officially found FIMCAP. In 1976 FIMCAP was also recognized officially by the Vatican.


Activities in Europe


Bart's Not Dead

"Bart's Not Dead" is the first episode of the 30th season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on television on September 30, 2018. In the episode, Bart Simpson pretends that he saw Jesus while at a hospital. A Christian filmmaker wants to make a movie about what Bart saw. Bart then feels very guilty because he had lied. 

This episode won an award at the 71st Writers Guild of America Awards.

Kamp Krusty

"Kamp Krusty" is the first episode of "The Simpsons" 4th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on September 24, 1992.


List of Camp Lakebottom episodes

Camp Lakebottom is a Canadian animated series produced by 9 Story Media Group that premiered on Teletoon in Canada on July 4, 2013 and on Disney XD in the United States on July 13, 2013.

The first season aired on July 22, 2013 on Disney XD in the United Kingdom.

The second season aired on August 4, 2015 on Disney XD in the United Kingdom.

The third season aired on October 2, 2017 on Disney XD in the United Kingdom.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Kazimierz Wielki University in Bydgoszcz

Kazimierz Wielki University in Bydgoszcz (; UKW), also known as the Casimir the Great University, is a state-funded university in Bydgoszcz, Poland. It was named after Casimir III the Great ("Kazimierz III Wielki"), the King of Poland (1333–70) who granted the city municipal rights on 19 April 1346.

Ram Lal Rahi

Ram Lal Rahi (1 January 1952 – 10 December 2020) was an Indian politician. He was born in Sitapur, Uttar Pradesh. He was a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) until 2017 when he joined the Bharatiya Janata Party in 2017. In 2019, he re-joined the INC. Rahi was a member of the Lok Sabha between 1977 to 1984 and 1989 to 1996. He also was Minister of State for Home Affairs from 1991 to 1996.

Rahi died on 10 December 2020 at a hospital in Sitapur at the age of 68.

Sitapur

Sitapur is a city and a municipal board in Sitapur district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India. It is in the Lucknow Division.

Gordon Forbes

Gordon Forbes (21 February 1934 – 9 December 2020) was a South African professional tennis player and author. During the 1950s and 1960s, he was the doubles partner of countryman Abe Segal. He was born in Burgersdorp, Cape Province. Forbes won the singles title of the South African Championships in 1959 and 1961 and was runner-up in 1955, 1962, 1963 and 1964. 

He played for the South African Davis Cup team in 14 ties in the period 1955 to 1963 and had a record of 20 wins and 11 losses.

Forbes died of COVID-19 on 9 December 2020 in Plettenberg Bay, Cape Province at the age of 86.

Vyacheslav Ezepov

Vyacheslav Ivanovich Ezepov (7 October 1941 – 9 December 2020) was a Soviet-Russian actor. He was born in Saratov, Soviet Union. His career began in 1963. He was known for his roles in "Express on Fire" (1981), "Battle of Moscow" (1985) and in "Stalingrad" (1990).

He was awarded the People's Artist of the RSFSR in 1989 and People's Artist of Ukraine in 2004. 

Ezepov died on 9 December 2020 in Moscow at the age of 79.

Roberto Ulloa

Roberto Augusto Ulloa (1 March 1924 – 8 December 2020) was an Argentine politician. He was born in Buenos Aires. He was a member of Salta Renewal Party. Ulloa was Governor of the Salta Province from 1977 to 1983 and again from 1991 to 1995. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1985 to 1991. He also was a member of the Senate from 1996 to 2001.

Ulloa died in Buenos Aires on 8 December 2020 from pneumonia-related problems at the age of 96.

Supreme Court of Indonesia

The Supreme Court of the Republic of Indonesia () is the independent judicial branch of the country. It keeps a system of courts and sits above the other courts and is the final court of appeal. It can also re-examine cases if new evidence emerges.

The Supreme Court is independent as of the third amendment to the Constitution of Indonesia. The Supreme Court is in charge over the high courts ("Pengadilan Tinggi") and district courts ("Pengadilan Negeri"). There are about 68 high courts: 31 General Courts, 29 Religious Courts, 4 Administrative Courts and 4 Military Courts.

V. J. Chitra

V. J. Chitra (2 May 1992 – 9 December 2020) was an Indian actress, model and news anchor. She was born in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. Chitra began her career in 2013. She was best known for her roles as Vishali in "Mannan Magal", Periya in "Chinna Papa Periya Papa", Mullai in "Pandian Stores" and as Anitha in "Darling Darling".

Chitra died on 9 December 2020 after hanging herself at her apartment in Chennai, aged 28.

2020 Ghanaian general election

General elections were held in Ghana on 7 December 2020. Incumbent President Nana Akufo-Addo of the New Patriotic Party (NPP) was re-elected in the first round after winning a majority of the votes.

 

Rochelle Walensky

Rochelle Paula Walensky (born 1969) is an American medical scientist. Walensky is the 19th and current Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention since 2021. She was the chief of the Division of Infectious Diseases at Massachusetts General Hospital and a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School. Walensky is an expert on AIDS and HIV. 

In December 2020, Walensky was nominated to lead the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in the Biden administration, replacing Robert R. Redfield.

On May 5, 2023, Walensky announced her resignation from her role at the CDC, effective June 30, 2023.

United States Domestic Policy Council

The Domestic Policy Council (DPC) of the United States is the main position used by the President of the United States for talking about domestic policy issues which are not economic related. 


Raymond Hunter

William Raymond Hunter (3 April 1934 – 9 December 2020) was a Northern Irish cricketer and rugby union player. He played for Ireland in both sports. In cricket he won 28 international caps and played in 11 first-class matches. In rugby he played ten times for Ireland in the Five Nations, scoring one try. He also played for the British and Irish Lions. He was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland.

Hunter died on 9 December 2020 in Belfast at the age of 86.

Owen Barfield

Arthur Owen Barfield (9 November 1898 – 14 December 1997) was a British philosopher, author, poet and critic. He was a member of the Inklings. He was known for his philosophy collection "Saving the Appearances".


Walter Hooper

Walter McGehee Hooper (March 27, 1931December 7, 2020) was an American writer and literary advisor. He was in charge of the estate of C.S. Lewis. He was a literary trustee for Owen Barfield from December 1997 to October 2006. He was born in Reidsville, North Carolina. In 1977, Hooper published the unfinished science fiction novel "The Dark Tower" by Lewis.

Hooper died on December 7, 2020 from a stroke caused by COVID-19 in Oxford, Oxfordshire at the age of 89.

Reidsville, North Carolina

Reidsville is a city in Rockingham County, North Carolina, United States. At the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 14,583.

Wentworth, North Carolina

Wentworth is a small town located in Rockingham County, North Carolina. According to the 2020 U.S. Census, the population is 2,662. Wentworth is the county seat of Rockingham County.

Larry Mavety

Larry Douglas Mavety (May 29, 1942 – December 4, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player, coach and executive in the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). He played and coached for the Belleville Bulls and the Kingston Frontenacs. Mavety was born in Woodstock, Ontario. His coaching career lasted from 1981 to 2003.

Mavety died on December 4, 2020 in Kingston, Ontario at the age of 78.

Three Men and a Baby

Three Men and a Baby is a 1987 American comedy movie directed by Leonard Nimoy and starring Tom Selleck, Steve Guttenberg, and Ted Danson. It is about the adventures of three New York City bachelors Peter (Tom Selleck), Michael (Steve Guttenberg) and Jack (Ted Danson), as they try to help raise the baby girl of Jack and his girlfriend Sylvia (Nancy Travis). The script was based on the 1985 French movie "Three Men and a Cradle".

The movie was the biggest American box office hit of that year, and made $167 million in the United States and Canada and $240 million worldwide. The movie reviews were also positive.

Its sequel is the 1990 movie "Three Men and a Little Lady", with the same actors.


Paul Guilfoyle

Paul Vincent Guilfoyle (; born April 28, 1949) is an American actor. He is known for his role in the CBS police drama "" as Captain Jim Brass from 2000 to 2014.

Three Men and a Cradle

Three Men and a Cradle () is a 1985 French comedy movie by Coline Serreau. The movie was remade in Hollywood as "Three Men and a Baby" in 1987.

It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1986.



Coline Serreau

Coline Serreau (born 29 October 1947) is a French actress, director and screenwriter. She is known for directing the Academy Award-nominated comedy movie "Three Men and a Cradle" (1985).

Marthe Villalonga

Marthe Villalonga (born 20 March 1932) is a French actress. She was born in Fort-de-l'Eau, Algeria. She is known for her role as Antoinette in the 1985 comedy "Three Men and a Cradle".

Dominique Lavanant

Dominique Lavanant (born 24 May 1944) is a César Award-winning French actress, director and screenwriter. She is known for her comedy skills. She was born in Morlaix, Finistère, France. She is known for her roles in "Papy fait de la résistance", "La boum", "Three Men and a Cradle", "Les bronzés font du ski" and "Inspecteur la Bavure" (alongside Gérard Depardieu).

Philippine Leroy-Beaulieu

Philippine Leroy-Beaulieu (born 25 April 1963) is a French actress. Her father is actor Philippe Leroy.

In 1985, she played her first major screen role (and earned a nomination for the César Award for Most Promising Actress), playing the mother in "Trois hommes et un couffin (Three Men and a Cradle)."

She starred in the title role of the French movie "Natalia," which was screened at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.

Philippe Leroy (actor)

Philippe Leroy, full name Philippe Leroy-Beaulieu (born 15 October 1930) is a French actor. He has appeared in over 150 movies since 1960. He is known for his roles in "The Life of Leonardo da Vinci" and "Sandokan".

His daughter is actress Philippine Leroy-Beaulieu.

André Dussollier

André Dussollier (born 17 February 1946) is a French actor. He is known for his role as Jacques in the comedy "Three Men and a Cradle".

Michel Boujenah

Michel Boujenah (born 3 November 1952) is a French-Tunisian actor, director, comedian and screenwriter. He won a César Award in 1986 for his role as Michel in "Three Men and a Cradle".

He is Jewish.

Roland Giraud

Roland Giraud (born 14 February 1942) is a French actor. He is known for his role as Pierre in the 1985 comedy "Three Men and a Cradle".


Three Men and a Little Lady

Three Men and a Little Lady is a 1990 American comedy movie directed by Emile Ardolino. It is the sequel to the 1987 movie "Three Men and a Baby". Tom Selleck, Steve Guttenberg, and Ted Danson return to their leading roles, as does Nancy Travis. Christopher Cazenove plays the main antagonist.

On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has an approval rating of 38% based.

The three bachelors Peter (Tom Selleck), Michael (Steve Guttenberg) and Jack (Ted Danson), are living happily together in New York City with Mary, who is now five, and her mother, Sylvia (Nancy Travis). Sylvia, who has become a successful actress, wants to get married and start a family. She falls in love with the English movie director Edward (Christopher Cazenove), who proposes to marry her. She accepts Edward's proposal, announcing she and Mary will be moving to England after the wedding. However, Edward does not like Mary, and immediately wants to sent her to a boarding school, after he marries her mother. Sylvia thinks that Mary will go to a boarding school when she is a little older, but Edward has hidden his plan from Sylvia to sent Mary right now. Mary, who knows of Edward's plan, and who is treated badly by him, tells Peter, Michael, and Jack about this. They in turn tell Sylvia, who does not believe them. As a result, to save Mary from boarding school and a bad stepfather, and save Sylvia from an unhappy marriage, they make a plan to reveal to Sylvia, Edward's true personality and stop the wedding.


The One and Only Ivan (movie)

The One and Only Ivan is a 2020 American fantasy drama movie directed by Thea Sharrock. It is based on the children's novel of the same name by K. A. Applegate.

It is inspired by the true story of Ivan the gorilla. The movie stars the voices of Sam Rockwell as Ivan alongside Angelina Jolie, Danny DeVito, Helen Mirren, Brooklynn Prince, Chaka Khan, Ron Funches, Phillipa Soo, and Mike White with human characters played by Ramón Rodríguez, Ariana Greenblatt, and Bryan Cranston.

Alex Olmedo

Alejandro "Alex" Olmedo Rodríguez (March 24, 1936December 9, 2020) was a Peruvian-American tennis player. Olmedo won two Majors in 1959 (Australia and Wimbledon) and was added into the Tennis Hall of Fame in 1987.

Olmedo died of cardiac arrest caused by cancer in Los Angeles on December 9, 2020 at the age of 84.

Eisner Award

The Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards, commonly shortened to the Eisner Awards, are prizes given for creative achievement in American comic books. It is often seen as the Academy Awards for comics. It is named after Will Eisner. 

The Eisner Awards include the Comic Industry's Hall of Fame.

Richard Corben

Richard Corben (October 1, 1940 – December 2, 2020) was an American illustrator and comic book artist. He was best known for his comics seen in "Heavy Metal" magazine. 

He was the winner of the 2009 Spectrum Grand Master Award and the 2018 Grand Prix at Angoulême. 

In 2012 he was elected to the Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame.

Corben died of heart surgery-related problems on December 2, 2020 at the age of 80.

Anderson, Missouri

Anderson is a city in McDonald County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,981 at the 2020 census.

Pineville, Missouri

Pineville is a city in and the county seat of McDonald County, Missouri, United States. The population was 802 at the 2020 census.

Hermann Huppen

Hermann Huppen (born 17 July 1938) is a Belgian comic book artist. He is better known under his pen-name Hermann. He is known for his comic "Jeremiah" which was made into a television series.


Fernando de Rojas

Fernando de Rojas (between and April 1541) was a Spanish mayor, lawyer, and supposed writer. He is said to have been of Jewish descent, by contemporary sources. He most likely wrote the novel "La Celestina".

Copper Canyon, Texas

Copper Canyon is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,731 at the 2020 census.

Nephi, Utah

Nephi ( ) is a city in Juab County, Utah, United States. It is part of the Provo–Orem metropolitan area. The population was 5,389 at the 2020 census.

Emma Tate

Emma Tate (born October 30, 1971) is an English voice actress. She is known for many roles. These include the voice of Perfect Peter in "Horrid Henry", Harry in "Harry and His Bucket Full of Dinosaurs", Raggles and Bluebird in "Everything's Rosie", and Mowgli in "The Jungle Book". She has also been the voices of Katsuma and Luvli in "" and Kipper in "The Magic Key".

Tate began acting in a 1991 episode of "The Bill." From 1999, she worked in voice acting for many children's programmes. She started with the American version of "Bob the Builder." That same year", she" voiced Half-Pint the milk float on "Dream Street" . In 2006, Tate began to voice Perfect Peter in the television adaptation of Francesca Simon's book "Horrid Henry".

In 2010, Tate began to appear with "Horrid Henry" co-star Wayne Forester in "Everything's Rosie." She voiced the characters, Raggles and Bluebird. In the 2013 video game "", she voices the female lead Nicole Collard and other minor roles. She also provided voices for the Warcraft expansion "Battle for Azeroth" in 2018.

Falling and rising factorials

The falling factorial formula_1 is a multiplication of progressively smaller terms starting with n where there are k number of terms. Each term is a natural number and decreases by 1.

Similarly the rising factorial formula_2is a multiplication of progressively larger terms starting with n where there are k number of terms. Each term is a natural number and increases by 1.

La vida es sueño

Life Is a Dream is a play by the Spanish writer Pedro Calderòn de la Barca. It was first performed in 1635. It is an allegory of the human situation, fate and the mystery of life. It is one of Calderón's best-known plays.

Shensi tree frog

The Shensi tree frog, Tsinling tree frog or Tsinling tree toad ("Hyla tsinlingensis") is a frog from China. Scientists saw it between 930 and 1770 meters above sea level in Gansu, Shaanxi, Chongqing and in a few places in Anhui and Henan.

Cimarron (1931 movie)

Cimarron is a 1931 American western movie directed by Wesley Ruggles and was based on the 1930 novel of the same name by Edna Ferber. It stars Richard Dix, Irene Dunne, Estelle Taylor, Nance O'Neill, Roscoe Ates, William Collier Jr., Edna May Oliver and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was nominated for 7 Oscars and won 3 Academy Awards in 1931 and was remade in 1960.


2002 in association football

The following are the football (soccer) events of the year 2002 around the world.






























Goodbye, Mr. Chips (1939 movie)

Goodbye, Mr. Chips is a 1939 British romantic drama movie directed by Sam Wood and was based on the 1934 novella of the same name by James Hilton. It stars Robert Donat, Greer Garson, Terry Kilburn, John Mills, David Croft, Paul Henreid, Judith Furse, Lyn Harding and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 7 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1940 and was remade in 1969.


Gordon Pinsent

Gordon Edward Pinsent, CC, FRSC (July 12, 1930 – February 25, 2023) was a Canadian actor, screenwriter, director and playwright. He was known for his roles in numerous productions, including "Away from Her", "The Rowdyman", "John and the Missus", "A Gift to Last", "Due South", "The Red Green Show" and "Quentin Durgens, M.P." He was the voice of Babar the elephant in television and film from 1989 to early 2015.

Pinsent died in his sleep on February 25, 2023, at age 92.


Dolly-Rose Campbell

Dolly-Rose Campbell (born 12 April 1987) is an English actress, known for her portrayal of Gemma Winter on the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", a role she has played since October 2014.

Maureen Lipman

Dame Maureen Diane Lipman, (born 10 May 1946) is an English movie, theatre, radio and television actress, columnist and comedian. In recent years, she has become known for her role as Evelyn Plummer in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2018–present).

Vitali Klitschko

Vitali Volodymyrovych Klitschko ( born 19 July 1971) is a Ukrainian politician and former professional boxer. He has been the mayor of Kyiv since 2014.

As a heavyweight boxer, Klitschko held the WBO title from 1999 to 2000, "The Ring" magazine title from 2004 to 2005, and the WBC title twice in 2004 and between 2008 and 2013. In 2011, Vitali and his brother Wladimir entered the Guinness World Records book as the pair of brothers with most world heavyweight title fight wins. Of his 47 bouts, he won 45 (41 by KO) and lost twice.

Klitschko was born in Belovodskoye, Kirghiz SSR (now Kyrgyzstan). He is married to Russian former tennis player Natalia Egorova. The couple have three children. 

Klitschko has a Doctoral Degree (Ph.D.) from Kyiv University's Physical Science Department.


2020–21 Indian farmers' protest

The 2020–21 Indian farmers' protest was a protest that took place in India. It was caused when Parliament passed three new laws. A lot of people think that these laws will hurt farmers and put them under the control of big farming corporations.

Many of the farmers who protested were from Punjab and Haryana states.

On 1 December 2021, India officially repealed the controversial agricultural act that caused the protests.

2020 Indian general strike

On 26 November 2020, a mass general strike was held across India. Some people have estimated that 250 million (25 crore) people took part in the strike. If that number is correct, then it would be the biggest strike in history. The strike was jointly called by ten central trade unions – Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC), All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC), Hind Mazdoor Sabha (HMS), Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU), All India United Trade Union Centre (AIUTUC), Trade Union Co-ordination Centre (TUCC), Self-Employed Women’s Association (SEWA) and All India Central Council of Trade Unions (AICCTU), Labour Progressive Federation (LPF) and United Trade Union Congress (UTUC).

All over the country, both public and private sector employees participated in the strike. The united front of the over 250 farmers organizations, All India Kisan Sangharsh Co-ordination Committee (AIKSCC), extended support to the trade union strike and the unions extended their support to the farmers’ “Chalo Delhi” (Go to Delhi) mobilization on 26 and 27 November. Farmers are protesting against recent anti-farmer laws which would withdraw the government’s minimum support price for farm products, with serious implications for farmers’ income and livelihoods. 

The unions protested against the three new Labour Codes – the Industrial Relations Code Bill, 2020; the Code on Social Security Bill, 2020; and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code Bill, 2020 – that were passed by both houses of the Parliament earlier in 2020.

Vikki Carr

Florencia Vicenta de Casillas-Martinez Cardona (born July 19, 1941), known by her stage name Vikki Carr, is an American singer. Her singing career has lasted several decades. She works in a variety of music genres, including pop, jazz and country music. Her greatest success, however, comes from singing in the Spanish language.

Carr has won three Grammy Awards. She was honored with a Lifetime Achievement Award at the Latin Grammy Awards.

Carr was born to parents of Mexican ancestry.

Many sources say Carr was born in 1940. Other sources say that she was born in 1941.

List of The Cleveland Show episodes

The Cleveland Show is an American animated sitcom. It was created by Seth MacFarlane, Richard Appel, and Mike Henry. The sitcom was first shown on the Fox network from September 27, 2009 to May 19, 2013. It is a spin-off of another show created by MacFarlane, "Family Guy".

The series started with an order of 22 episodes. On May 3, 2009, Fox said that a second season with 13 more episodes will happen. This was said before the series was first shown on television. The second season was later given 9 more episodes. On June 10, 2010, Fox said that a third season would happen. On May 9, 2011, Fox said the fourth season will happen.
On April 17, 2013, Fox said that they were not sure about giving "The Cleveland Show" another season. However, on May 13, 2013, Fox's chairman Kevin Reilly said that "The Cleveland Show" has been cancelled. The main character Cleveland Brown and his family go back to "Family Guy" after the series was cancelled.

"The Cleveland Show" had 88 episodes in its four seasons.

Huba Rozsnyai

Huba Rozsnyai (14 December 1942 – 4 December 2020) was a Hungarian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Rozsnyai died on 4 December 2020, just ten days before his 77.

Tony Curcillo

Anthony Curcillo Jr. (May 27, 1931 – December 8, 2020) was an American football player. He was born in Long Branch, New Jersey. His playing career lasted from 1953 to 1958. Curcillo played for the Chicago Cardinals and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.

Curcillo died of COVID-19 on December 8, 2020 in Riverside, California at the age of 89.

Phil Linz

Philip Francis Linz (June 4, 1939 – December 9, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. Linz played in Major League Baseball for the New York Yankees (1962–65), Philadelphia Phillies (1966–67), and New York Mets (1967–68). He was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Linz died on December 9, 2020 at his home in Virginia at the age of 81.

Imran Momina

Syed Muhammad Imran Momina AKA Emu is a multi-dimensional pianist & is one of the founding members of the band Fuzon who had been playing since the age of 19.

His flair for arranging his own music and experimenting with melodies made him set up his own recording and mixing studio — and this is where the jam sessions take place.

Technically proficient, self-tutored Fuzoneer, Emu has an array of possibilities at his disposal. Imran aka ‘Emu' is a charismatic keyboard exponent. The music stalwart that he is, Emu has an uncanny knack for orchestrating memorable music which is dominant in Fuzon's gilt-edged.


Fuzon is the brainchild of Emu & lead guitarist Shallum Xavier. The band bases its roots on experimentation and collaboration between different soundscapes and musical disciplines, hence the name ‘Fuzon’.

The biggest musical sensation to revolutionize the Pakistani & Indian music scene in the past 10 years; Fuzon has broken boundaries and records at home and abroad. Fuzon encompasses hybrid styles of exquisite melodies and everlasting pop/rock instrumentation, hence carving out a special niche for themselves.

Fuzon touched the heights of popularity with their first album "Saagar," which featured 12 tracks, with a common strain of pop melodies blended with Pakistani classical and folk vocals. The opening track "Aakhon Kay Saagar" gave rise to their popularity within Pakistan.

In September 2017 EMU composed the music for the Pakistani Theater play ISHQ in UK which was an adaptation of Heer-Ranjha. The show received outstanding response from the audience in UK and Emu's music was highly appreciated by all.

In 2010 his band Fuzon did a special song and a video for the Bollywood movie Mumbai Cutting starring Jimmy Shergill, Soha Ali Khan and Sachin Khedekar for which he was anxiously waiting for the release of the film. In 2017 Fuzon collaborated with Rahat Fateh Ali to direct the song "Zindagi Ae ZIndagi" for the film Maatr- The Mother.


Vote Smart

Vote Smart is a non-profit organization that collects information about candidates that run for a public office in the United Staes. For each candidate, the organisation gathers background information and political positions in different areas. It then distribnutes this informton in different channels, such as print media, its website, or using a toll-free phone number. With this, it helps people decide who they shouid vote for. Richard Kimball founded the platform in the 1990s. 


Deterministic system

In mathematics, and natural science, a deterministic system is a system where the current state the system does not depend on random factors. It only depends on previous states, and time. A deterministic model will always produce the same state at a given time, given the same starting conditions. 

Kismayo

Kismayo is a city in Somalia. It is the commercial capital of Jubaland. The word Kismayo is a Somali word which literally means "small not".

Billy DeMars

William Lester DeMars (August 26, 1925 – December 10, 2020) was an American shortstop and coach in Major League Baseball. He threw and batted right-handed. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics in 1948 and for the St. Louis Browns from 1950 to 1951.

DeMars died on December 10, 2020 in Clearwater, Florida at the age of 95.

Tom Lister Jr.

Thomas Duane "Tom" Lister Jr. (June 24, 1958 — December 10, 2020) was an American actor and occasional professional wrestler. He was known for his roles as the neighborhood bully Deebo in "Friday" and its 2000 sequel and as President Lindberg in "The Fifth Element". 

Lister Jr. also appeared as a prisoner in "The Dark Knight" (2008) who refused to activate Joker's bomb and voiced Finnick in "Zootopia" (2016).

He had two short professional wrestling performances, wrestling Hulk Hogan in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) after appearing as Zeus in the 1989 movie "No Holds Barred" and for having a feud as Z-Gangsta in 1996 for World Championship Wrestling (WCW). 

Lister Jr. was born in Compton, California. He was blind in his right eye. 

In early 2020, Lister Jr. had COVID-19 and was successfully treated. However, shortly before his death, he showed COVID symptoms for a second time. Lister Jr. was found dead at his home in Marina Del Rey, California on December 10, 2020 at the age of 62. Investigation of his death is currently ongoing.

Next Friday

Next Friday is a 2000 American comedy movie and the sequel to the 1995 movie "Friday". It is the first movie to be produced by Ice Cube's movie production company Cubevision. It was directed by Steve Carr.

Staring; Ice Cube, Mike Epps, John Witherspoon, 

The movie was released on January 12, 2000.

2015

William Davies as Tulip Spud Walker 

Dan Levy as David Rose

Jarrid Geduld as Ashwin Hunter

Winslow Fegley as Rotch

Vicky Schuster Miller as Vicky

Joe Simmons as Mr Walker

Jason Cope as Joker 1

Early B as Joker 2

Cop Ten as Joker 3

Eugene Levy as Jonny Rose 


The Fifth Element

The Fifth Element () is a 1997 English-language French science-fiction action movie directed and co-written by Luc Besson. It stars Bruce Willis, Gary Oldman, and Milla Jovovich.

"The Fifth Element" received mainly positive reviews.


José Mario Ruiz Navas

José Mario Ruiz Navas (20 July 1930 – 10 December 2020) was an Ecuadorian Roman Catholic prelate. Ruiz Navas was born in Pujilí, Ecuador. He became a priest in 1954. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Latacunga, Ecuador, from 1968 to 1989 and then as bishop and then archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Portoviejo, Ecuador, from 1989 to 2007.

Ruiz Navas died on 10 December 2020 in Latacunga, Ecuador at the age of 90.

Pork cycle

In economics, the term pork cycle, hog cycle, or cattle cycle describes the phenomenon of cyclical fluctuations of supply and prices in livestock markets. It was first observed in 1925 in pig markets in the US by Mordecai Ezekiel and in Europe in 1927 by the German scholar Arthur Hanau.

Nikolai Ivanov

Nikolai Nikolaevich Ivanov (22 January 1943 – 11 December 2020) was a Russian actor. He was born in Leningrad, Soviet Union. His career began in 1961. His best known roles were as Kolka in "The Red Tent" (1969), Pytor in "The Love of Mankind" (1972) and as Colonel Victor in "Battle of Moscow" (1985).

Ivanov died on 11 December 2020 in Saint Petersburg, Russia at the age of 77.

Malik (artist)

Malik (born William Tai; 2 January 1948 – 11 December 2020) was a French-born Belgian comics artist. He was born in Paris. He drew many works under the pseudonym Phénix. He was best known for his works with "Bédéadult" and "Cupidon".

Malik died on 11 December 2020 from injuries caused by a house fire in Wallonia, Belgium at the age of 72.

Masao Komatsu

Komatsu died on December 7, 2020 from liver cancer in Tokyo at the age of 78.

Christopher Cazenove

Christopher de Lerisson Cazenove (17 December 1943 – 7 April 2010) was an English actor. He was born in Winchester, Hampshire. He was known for his roles as Charlie Tyrell in "The Duchess of Duke Street", David Rose in "Eye of the Needle", Edward in "Three Men and a Little Lady", John Thatcher in "A Knight's Tale" and as Ben in "Dynasty".

Cazenove died of sepsis on 7 April 2010 at a London hospital, aged 66.

John Boswall

John Boswall (2 May 1920 – 6 June 2011) was a British actor. He was best known for playing Barrow in "Three Men and a Little Lady" and as Wyvern in "" (2006). Boswall was born in Oxford, Oxfordshire. His career began in 1970 and he retired in 2009.

Boswall died of pancreatic cancer on 6 June 2011 in South Woodchester, Gloucestershire at the age of 91.

Irena Veisaitė

Irena Veisaitė (9 January 1928 – 11 December 2020) was a Lithuanian theatre scholar, intellectual and human rights activist. She was born in Kaunas, Lithuania. She was a Holocaust survivor. She was a lecturer at the teacher's college in Vilnius from 1953 to 1997

She was awarded the Goethe Medal in 2012 for her contribution to the cultural exchange between Germany and Lithuania. She was President of the Open Society in Lithuania Foundation.

Veisaitė died on 11 December 2020 in Vilnius from COVID-19 at the age of 92.

Pokimane

Imane Anys ( (: ); born 14 May 1996), better known by her online alias Pokimane, is a Moroccan-Canadian internet personality. She is a Twitch streamer and YouTuber.

Anys is best known for her live streams on Twitch, where she is best known for playing "League of Legends" and "Fortnite". She is a member of OfflineTV.

Hayabusa2

"Hayabusa2" was launched on 3 December 2014 and rendezvoused in space with near-Earth asteroid 162173 Ryugu on 27 June 2018. It surveyed the asteroid for a year and a half and took samples. It left the asteroid in November 2019 and returned the samples to Earth on 5 December 2020.

162173 Ryugu

162173 Ryugu is a near-Earth object and a potentially dangerous asteroid of the Apollo group. It is about 1 kilometer (0.6 mi) in diameter and is a dark object.

In June 2018, the Japanese spacecraft, "Hayabusa2", arrived at the asteroid. After making measurements and taking samples, "Hayabusa2" left Ryugu for Earth in November 2019 and returned to Earth on 5 December 2020.

Carlos Calvo

Carlos Andrés "Carlín" Calvo (21 February 1953 – 11 December 2020) was an Argentine actor and comedian. His career began in 1972. Calvo was best known for his roles in Enrique Dawi directed movies such "Locos por la música" (1980), "Los Hijos de López" (1980) and in "Adiós, Roberto" (1985). Calvo was born in Buenos Aires.

Calvo died of problems caused by multiple strokes in Buenos Aires on 11 December 2020, aged 67.

Lily Eskelsen García

Lily Eskelsen García (née Pace; born May 1, 1955) is an American teacher and labor union leader. She was president of the National Education Association from 2014 to 2020. 

In November 2020, following the United States presidential election, many news organizations saw her as a potential candidate for President-elect Joe Biden’s United States Secretary of Education. 

Fort Cavazos

Fort Cavazos is a United States Army post in Killeen, Texas. It is named after Confederate General John Bell Hood. It is located halfway between Austin and Waco, about from each, within the U.S. state of Texas. 

The post is the headquarters of III Corps and First Army Division West and is home to the 1st Cavalry Division and 3rd Cavalry Regiment, among others. 

Fountain Place

Fountain Place is a 60-story late-modernist skyscraper in downtown Dallas, Texas. It stands at a height of . It is the fifth-tallest building in Dallas and the 15th-tallest in Texas.

Bank of America Plaza (Dallas)

Bank of America Plaza is a 72-story, late-modernist skyscraper in Dallas, Texas, United States. It is the tallest skyscraper in the city, the 3rd tallest in Texas and the 40th tallest in the United States. 

Construction began in 1983 and the tower was completed in 1985.

Monday 9AM-10PM <br>
Tuesday 9AM-10PM <br>
Wednesday 9AM-10PM <br>
Thursday 9AM-10PM <br>
Friday 9AM-10PM <br>
Saturday 9AM-10PM <br>
Sunday 9AM-10PM <br>

Neoselachii

The Neoselachii are an important group of cartilaginous fish in the subclass Elasmobranchii, class Chondrichthyes. 

The group is important because it includes all living sharks, skates, and rays. They rapidly diversified during the Upper Triassic.

The group is descended from a primitive type of shark in the Devonian period.

Jenna Coleman

Jenna-Louise Coleman (born 27 April 1986), is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Jasmine Thomas in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (2005–2009), Lindsay James in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2009), Clara Oswald in the BBC science fiction series "Doctor Who" (2012–2015, 2017), and Queen Victoria in the ITV period drama series "Victoria" (2016–present). She voiced Melia Antiqua in the video game "Xenoblade Chronicles".

Williams Tower

The Williams Tower (originally named the Transco Tower) is a 64-story, office tower. It is located in Houston, Texas. 

Construction began in August 1981, and was completed in December, 1982. It is the 4th-tallest tower in Texas, and the 44th-tallest in the United States.

Intraspecific competition

In ecology, intraspecific competition is when two individuals of the same species compete for limited resources. Usually, the one winning the competition has a better fitness, and may better be able to reproduce. Examples for resources are food, water, space, light, or mates. This is different from interspecific competition vwhere members of different species compete. Intraspecific competition is important, because through evolution, species can become better adapted to where they live.

Valkenburg aan de Geul

Valennurg aan de Geul is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 16,470 people lived there.

Venray

Venray is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. As of 2020, about 41,000 people were living in the municipality and about 28,500 people were living in the town.

In 2010, parts of the former municipality of Meerlo-Wanssum were added to Venray (Blitterswijck, Geijsteren, and Wanssum).


Voerendaal

Voerendaal is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 12,452 people lived there.

Weert

Weert is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 49,842 people lived there.

Heartbreak Hotel (The Simpsons)

Heartbreak Hotel is the 641st episode of "The Simpsons" and the second episode of season 30. The episode was written by Matt Selman and Renee Ridgeley. In the episode, Marge Simpson and Homer Simpson show up in a reality television show.

Dog of Death

"Dog of Death" is the 19th episode of "The Simpsons" 3rd season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on March 12, 1992. In the episode, Santa's Little Helper gets ill. The Simpson family must find ways to pay for an operation for Santa's Little Helper. 

The episode was written by John Swartzwelder. Jim Reardon is the director of the episode. The episode was made because writers of "The Simpsons" liked making stories with Santa's Little Helper. The episode got a Nielsen rating of 14.2. It had the best ratings on Fox for the week it was broadcast.

People in the town of Springfield are very excited for the lottery. The Simpson family is so excited that they do not see that Santa's Little Helper is ill. Kent Brockman wins the lottery and gets $130 million. The family finds Santa's Little Helper and takes him to a hospital. They learn that he has a twisted stomach (GDV) and needs an operation for $750. Homer tells Bart and Lisa that they do not have enough money for the operation. However, he sees that Santa's Little Helper is loved, so he thinks of a way to get money for the operation.

To get money, The Simpson family must give up many things they like to do. Homer has to stop getting beer. Bart has to get hair cuts from a barber for free. Marge has to use food that is less quality and must stop getting lottery tickets. Lisa must stop getting parts of the book series she likes. Maggie has to have her old clothes fixed and not get new ones. After this, they get enough money for the operation.

The operation goes well and the Simpson family is happy to have Santa's Little Helper healthy. However, they start to get mad at him because of what they had to give up. Santa's Little Helper feels sad and runs away from their house. He is put in an animal shelter and adopted by Mr. Burns. Mr. Burns trains him to be an attack dog. Santa's Little Helper is brainwashed and is made an angry attack dog.

The Simpson family can not find Santa's Little Helper and starts to feel sad. Bart looks for him in many houses. He goes to Mr. Burns' mansion and sees him. Santa's Little Helper starts attacking Bart. However, Santa's Little Helper starts to think of happy times he had with Bart. He is then happy to see Bart and keeps him safe from Burns' other attack dogs. He goes back to the Simpson family and is shown love.

The episode was written by John Swartzwelder. Jim Reardon is the director of the episode. Producers wanted to make another episode about Santa's Little Helper. They liked the ones they made before, for example, "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire". Reardon says that one of the hardest parts of making the episode is that Santa's Little Helper has to act like a real dog. Producers wanted to show animals act as how they do in real life and not show human features. The story of the episode is similar to an event with Swartzwelder's dog. The "Gold Coast Bulletin" said that the Simpson family's problem with the price of the operation is a "very real" problem. They said that many families do not help with simple health for their dogs.

The episode was first shown on the Fox network in the United States on March 12, 1992. It got better ratings than "The Cosby Show". "The Simpsons" and "The Cosby Show" have been in a competition that started in the 2nd season. The episode got a Nielsen rating of 14.2. It had the best ratings on Fox for the week it was broadcast.

Mr. Burns brainwashing Santa's Little Helper references a part of the movie "A Clockwork Orange". Nathan Ditum from "Total Film" thought that it is one of "The Simpsons" best references to movies. Colin Jacobson from DVD Movie Guide said it is "possibly the funniest "Clockwork Orange" parody I've ever seen". Nate Meyers from Digitally Obsessed thought that the reference is "brilliant".

Tom Adair from "The Scotsman" thought of it as a classic episode. Nate Meyers thought that fans would not like the episode as much as others. However, he said "there are enough laughs to keep the audience entertained." Colin Jacobson said the episode is a "terrific program" and talks about how the story makes the episode humorous. Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood (authors of "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide") loved many parts of the episode. They talked about Homer's dream of winning the lottery, the reference to "A Clockwork Orange", and a parody of the phrase "No Animals Were Harmed".

Bill Gibron from DVD Verdict talked about many parts of the story and how they make the best events of "The Simpsons". Nathan Rabin from "The A.V. Club" said that the part with Santa's Little Helper seeing Bart again was not as good as it could have been. He thinks that Santa's Little Helper is not made as good of a character as others.


Columbus metropolitan area, Ohio

Greater Columbus is a medium sized metropolitan area. Home to about 2.1 million people and is expected to grow.

Renesse

Renesse, Zeelandic: "Renisse", is a seaside resort in the Netherlands, and also a former municipality. The village belongs to the municipality of Schouwen-Duiveland in the province of Zeeland.

In 2017, about 1,520 people lived in Renesse.


Interspecific competition

In ecology, interspecific competition is when individuals of different species compete for the same resources, in an ecosystem. Examples for such resources are food, or space. Even species that never meet can compete with each other, because they need the same resources: Two kinds of predators might prey on the same animals. Interspecific competition is important, because it regulates the population of the different species. It is one of the ways natural selection happens. Interspecific competition causes evolution. 

When two individuals of the same species compete, this is called intraspecific competition.

Divya Bhatnagar

Divya Bhatnagar (17 September 1986- 7 December 2020) was an Indian actress and production manager. Known for television shows like Sethji, Shrimaan Shrimati Phir Se, Sawaare Sabke Sapne… Preeto, Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai etc. She started her career with the show Chand Ke Paar Chalo in the year 2006. She also appeared in Bollywood films like 99 and Sapne Sakar karo. She was diagnosed with COVID-19, and died from it, at the age of 34. Shortly before her death Divya said that she had a problem with domestic violence, and that her husband regularly beat her. Her sister, Devoleena Bhattacharjee, accused Divya's husband for being responsible for her death.

Psychological horror

A psychological horror is a type of horror and psychological fiction used in movies, games, and books. It is used to make the viewer unsettled and uncomfortable. This type of horror is close to psychological thriller, because they both have mysteries most of the time and have unreliable or disturbed characters to make the drama and action bigger, so they can make the story less happy and sadder.

Roman Polanski made bright examples of this genre - Repulsion and Rosemary's Baby. 

In video games psychological horror is a subgenre of horror games. Such famous franchises as Silent Hill, Fatal Frame, Amnesia, Phantasmagoria, and Doom used psychological horror elements. 

101 Mitigations

"101 Mitigations" is the 15th episode of the 30th season of "The Simpsons". It was first broadcast on the Fox network on March 3, 2019. In the episode, Homer Simpson steals Comic Book Guy's car. He tries to make himself look innocent in a court and later becomes friends with Comic Book Guy.

Little Big Girl

"Little Big Girl" is the 12th episode of the 18th season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on the Fox network on February 11, 2007. It was written by Don Payne. Raymond S. Persi is the director of the episode. Natalie Portman guest stars as a girl named Darcy.

I Never Met the Dead Man

"I Never Met the Dead Man" is the second episode of the first season of Family Guy. It was first shown on the Fox network on April 11, 1999. The episode is about Peter Griffin trying to teach his daughter Meg about driving. However, Peter crashes his car into a satellite dish. This destorys their city's cable television. Peter has a hard time living without television, but he is able to find fun ways to live life without it.

Lois thinks that Peter is watching too much television. She makes him go outside to teach Meg how to drive. Peter gives Meg bad instructions that make her fail a driving test. Peter drives Meg back to their house, but gets distracted by a television show inside another house. Peter crashes his car into a transmitter, which destroys the cable television in their city. Many people get angry at Peter for doing this. Peter tells them that Meg crashed his car into the transmitter. Peter says to Meg that if she will take the blame, he will get her a new car. Meg does not tell anyone that Peter actually crashed the car into the transmitter.

Peter goes through a withdrawal from television. Peter cuts out cardboard in the shape of a television screen so that he can see everything as a television show. Meg can not deal with being treated badly, so she tells everyone that Peter broke the city's television. Lois gives a speech on how television was stopping everyone from interacting with each other. Peter no longer likes television and wants to do outdoor activities with his family. Peter later goes to a festival with William Shatner when the family gets tired of doing activities with him. Lois tries to teach Meg better instructions on driving. However, a rainstorm makes Meg run over Peter and Shatner. Shatner dies and Peter must go to the hospital. Peter is forced to watch television at the hospital, which brings back his addiction for television.

During the story of the episode, Stewie tries to destroy his broccoli because Lois wants him to eat it, even though he does not want to. Stewie gets a See 'n Say toy and makes it a weather control device. He uses it to start a rainstorm to destroy all broccoli in the world (this is the same rainstorm that made Meg run over Peter and Shatner).

"I Never Met the Dead Man" was written by Chris Sheridan. Michael Dante DiMartino is the director of the episode. The episode's title comes from a radio drama from the 1940s. This was also used for other episodes of the first season, such as "Death Has a Shadow" and "Mind Over Murder". This did not happen anymore after the fifth episode. Erik Estrada, Butch Hartman, Aaron Lustig, Joey Slotnick, and Frank Welker are guest stars in the episode.

Ahsan Haque from IGN thought that the episode is "one of the most memorable episodes of the series". He says that the story and the jokes in the episode make it "one of the finest in the series." Haque said that Stewie's plan to destory all broccoli is "elaborate" and "creative". Haque put Peter's view of everything as a television show on his list of "Peter Griffin's Top 10 Craziest Ideas". Robin Pierson from "The TV Critic" thought that the episode is "A really fun twenty two minutes of television."


Goo Goo Gai Pan

"Goo Goo Gai Pan" is the 12th episode of "The Simpsons" 16th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on March 13, 2005. In the episode, the Simpson family goes to China so that Selma can adopt a baby there. Lucy Liu guest stars as Madam Wu, a Chinese person in the episode who helps with Selma's adoption. 

The episode was controversial in China because it made references of the Tiananmen Square protests. In the episode, a sign in the Tiananmen Square says "On this site, in 1989, nothing happened". This is a reference to China trying to censor the protests. Another part of the episode shows a parody of the Tank Man photo where Selma is the Tank Man and Wu is inside one of the tanks. In 2021, Hong Kong started their version of Disney+ which has "The Simpsons". "Goo Goo Gai Pan" was not put on there because of its references to the Tianamen Square protests.

Forgetting curve

The forgetting curve is an idea from psychology, that shows how rapidly people forget things, if they do nothing to retain them. German psychologist Hermann Ebbinghaus discovered it. A related concept is the strength of memory: People with a stronger memory are able to remember things longer. Ebbinghaus tested how long he could remember random syllables, and recorded the results in his paper "Über das Gedächtnis" (1885). In 1913, this was translated into English as Memory: A Contribution to Experimental Psychology". Ebbinghaus studied the memorisation of nonsense syllables, such as "WID" and "ZOF" (CVCs or Consonant–Vowel–Consonant) by repeatedly testing himself after various time periods and recording the results. He plotted these results on a graph creating what is now known as the "forgetting curve". Ebbinghaus investigated the rate of forgetting, but not the effect of spaced repetition on the increase in retrievability of memories.

As a rough guide, after 20 minutes, people can only recall about 60% of what they memorized. After a week, only about 15% is left. When Ebbinghaus did the experiment, he used meaningless sequences of syllables. In the 20th century, several other researchers repeated the experiment. One of them was Georg Elias Müller. For this reason, the results are still considered to be valid.

To be able to remember things better, more repetitions are needed. Things that are needed and used more often, will not be forgotten so easily. 


Hermann "Über das Gedächtnis. Untersuchungen zur experimentellen Psychologie." Duncker & Humblot, Leipzig 1885.

Francisco de Vitoria

Francisco de Vitoria (Boroughs, 1483 or 1486-Salamanca, 12 August 1546) was a friar dominico Spanish, writer and chair of the University of Salamanca, the one who stood out by his ideas and contributions to the international right and the moral economy based in the thought humanist of the Aristotelian realism-tomista.

The Art of Worldly Wisdom: A Pocket Oracle

El oráculo manual y arte de prudencia or Manual oracle and art of prudence or The Art of Worldly Wisdom: A Pocket Oracle is a book written by Baltasar Gracián in 1647.

Malagasy

Malagasy may refer to:


Nils Liedholm

Nils Erik Liedholm (8 October 1922 – 5 November 2007) was a Swedish football player and manager. He played for AC Milan and the Sweden national team. He managed AC Milan, Roma, and Hellas Verona.

"*European competitions include the UEFA Champions League"

"*Other competitions include the Latin Cup & Amicizia Cup"









Swastima Khadka

Swastima Khadka (; born 4 July 1995) is a Nepalese actress. She mainly works in Nepali cinema. She has acted in "Love Love Love" (2017)", Chhakka Panja 2" (2017)", Nai Nabhannu La 5" (2018)", and Bulbul" (2019)"."

Before coming to Nepali cinema, she participated in Miss Teen Nepal at the age of 17. She has been married to Nischal Basnet since 2016.

Swastima Khadka was born on 4 July 1995 in Kathmandu, Nepal.


Jesse Hughes (musician)

Jesse Everett Hughes (born September 24, 1972) is an American singer-songwriter, and musician. He is best known as the frontman of the rock band Eagles of Death Metal.

Josh Homme

Joshua Michael Homme ( ; born May 17, 1973) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and record producer. He is best known as the founder, primary songwriter, and only continuous member of the rock band Queens of the Stone Age.

Joshua Tree, California

Joshua Tree is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Bernardino County, California, United States. The population was 6,489 at the 2020 census.

Calanley mosque

Calanley mosque or Masjid express is a historically Ibadist mosque in Kismayo, Jubaland. Its minarets have a Ibadite semiellipse shape. The reason the minarets have a Ibadist design is that Kismayo and Jubaland used to be under the influence of the Ibadi-ruled Sultanate of Zanzibar. This is the reason that colonial era buildings in Jubaland have an Ibadist design.

Sultanate of Zanzibar

The Sultanate of Zanzibar was an Ibadite kingdom in East Africa. It was under the influence of the Omani Muscat Sultanate at first. It came to an end when the British East Africa colony was established. This means it ended at the turn of the twentieth century.

Rustamid kingdom

The Rustamid kingdom is a former Ibadist kingdom in Algeria. The Rustamid Kingdom had an Ibadite dynasty which ruled Algeria from 779 until 909. The Rustamids are the longest-lasting Ibadi kingdom in north Africa.

Paramount+

Paramount+ (formerly CBS All Access) is an American streaming service, It is owned and operated by Paramount Streaming, a part of Paramount Global. It offers original content, content which was recently broadcast CBS companies and content from the Paramount Global library. In the United States, many markets offer a live stream from the main channel of the local CBS affiliate. As of November 5, 2020, it had 17.9 million subscribers.
Paramount + expanded to international markets beginning in 2021. It started with Latin America on March 4, 2021. Nordic countries were added on March 25, 2021 and Australia in mid-2021.

Hermann Ebbinghaus

Hermann Ebbinghaus (24 January 1850 – 26 February 1909) was a German psychologist. Today, he is mostly known for his work regarding learning and forgetting. He was the first to do experiments to explore how memory works. He first described the forgetting curve, the learning curve and the spacing effect. The Ebbinghaus illusion, which is named after him is related to the perception, not memory. His son was the philosopher Julius Ebbinghaus. 

In 1896, he did a test on children in school: The pupils had to complete sentences, and their teacher had to rate each pupil, if the pupil was in the lowest, the middle or the highest third of all the people in the class. Ebbinghaus saw a relationship between the teacher's rating, and the result of the pupil, but he could not give a correlation (because he was lacking the tools to do so). This was possibly the first test of verbal intelligence in a group. 

Many of his experimental methods to rate memory performance are still in use.

Ebbinghaus died of pneumonia, when he was 59 years old. 

Will Hurd

William Ballard Hurd (born August 19, 1977) is an American politician. He was the U.S. representative for Texas's 23rd congressional district from 2015 to 2021. Before becoming a congressman, Hurd was a CIA agent. During his congressional career, he was known for his cybersecurity knowledge and from 2019 until 2021, he was the only African-American Republican in the House of Representatives.

In June 2023, Hurd announced his candidacy for President of the United States in the 2024 election. Four months later, he dropped out of the race on October 9, 2023.

Hurd was born in San Antonio, Texas. He is the son of Mary Alice Hurd and Robert Hurd. His father is black and his mother is white. Hurd studied at Texas A&M University, where he was elected student body president. He majored in computer science and minored in international relations.

Hurd worked for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) for nine years, from 2000 to 2009. He worked in Washington, D.C., but he was also an operations officer in Afghanistan, Pakistan, and India. One of his roles at the CIA was briefing members of Congress, which is why Hurd ran for Congress. 

Hurd ran for the United States House of Representatives in 2010, but he lost the election. He ran again in 2014, this time winning the election. Even though Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney had won the district two years earlier, Hurd winning was seen as an upset. Hurd conducted a post-election swing through some parts of his district that had heavily supported Gallego.

Hurd was the vice-chair of the Border and Maritime Subcommittee of the Homeland Security Committee. He was seen as a top expert on technological and cybersecurity-related issues while serving in Congress.

In 2016, while running for re-election, Hurd became a strong-critic of then-Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. He was re-elected by a little over 1% of the vote.

In July 2018, his re-election campaign was seen as "the most expensive congressional race in the Texas's history". The race was the closest House race in Texas and one of the closest in the country. Hurd was declared the official winner on November 19 by a margin of 926 votes.

Hurd decided not to run again in 2020. During his time in congress, Hurd was seen as a moderate and voted with Democrats on some issues.

On June 22, 2023, Hurd announced that he would be a candidate in the 2024 presidential election. He dropped out of the race on October 9, 2023, and endorsed Nikki Haley.

After leaving Congress, Hurd became a Winter 2021 Resident Fellow at the Institute of Politics of the University of Chicago. In May 2021, Hurd was appointed to the board of directors for OpenAI.

Hurd married Lynlie Wallace, a former congressional chief of staff to another Texas congressman, on December 31, 2022.

Ruhollah Zam

Ruhollah Zam (, also Romanized as "Rouhollah Zam"; 27 July 1978 – 12 December 2020) was an Iranian activist and journalist. He was best known for working with Telegram channel named 'Amadnews'.

Zam was a well known activist during the 2017–18 Iranian protests.

In June 2020, an Iran court found him guilty of "corruption on earth" for running a popular anti-government forum. He was sentenced to death by an Iranian court and was executed on 12 December 2020, aged 42.

Valentin Gaft

Valentin Iosifovich Gaft (; 2 September 1935 – 12 December 2020) was a Russian actor. He was awarded the People's Artist of Russia in 1984. Gaft was born in Moscow. Gaft was known for his roles in "Hello, I'm Your Aunt!", "Say a Word for the Poor Hussar" and "Forgotten Melody for a Flute".

Gaft died on 12 December 2020 in Moscow at the age of 85.

Đurđa Ivezić

Đurđa Ivezić, (17 October 1936 – 11 December 2020) was a Croatian actress. She was born in Zagreb. She also voiced dubbed Betty Rubble in Croatian for "The Flintstones" and Smurfette in "The Smurfs". Ivezić also starred in "H-8", "Back of the Medal" and "The Magician's Hat".

Ivezić died on 11 December 2020 in Zagreb of COVID-19 at the age of 84.

Osvaldo Cochrane Filho

Oswaldo Cochrane Filho (29 July 1933 – 9 December 2020) was a Brazilian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Espirito Santo, Brazil. He played for the national team for the first time in 1955 until he retired after the 1971 Pan American Games.

Cochrane Filho died on 9 December 2020 in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 87.

Kurt Stettler

Kurt Stettler (21 August 1932 – 8 December 2020) was a Swiss football goalkeeper. He played for Switzerland in the 1962 FIFA World Cup. Stettler began playing for the national team in 1961 and retired in 1963. Stettler was born in Stettlen, Switzerland. He mainly played with FC Basel from 1957 to 1964 making 160 appearances. 

Stettler died on 8 December 2020 in Zürich from COVID-19 at the age of 88.

Kenneth Alwyn

Kenneth Alwyn (born Kenneth Alwyn Wetherell) (28 July 1925 – 11 December 2020) was an English conductor, composer and writer. He was called by the BBC as "one of the great British musical directors". 

Alwyn was known for his many recordings, including with the London Symphony Orchestra on Decca's first stereophonic recording of Tchaikovsky's "1812 Overture". He was also known for his works with BBC Radio 2's orchestral live music programme "Friday Night is Music Night".

He was a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Music.

Alwyn died on 11 December 2020 in London at the age of 95.

James Flynn (academic)

James Robert Flynn FRSNZ (28 April 1934 – 11 December 2020) was a New Zealand intelligence researcher. He taught political studies at the University of Otago in Dunedin. He was known for his studies on the increase of IQ scores throughout the world, which is now known as the Flynn effect. 

Flynn died on 11 December 2020 in Dunedin, New Zealand at the age of 86.

James R. Flynn

James R. Flynn may refer to:



Dunedin (disambiguation)

Dunedin is the second-largest city in the South Island of New Zealand.

Dunedin may also refer to:




U. A. Khader

U. A. Khader (1935–12 December 2020) was an Burmese-born Indian writer. He published in Malayalam such as novels. His works have been translated to many languages including English, Hindi and Kannada. Khader was born in Bilin, Rangoon, Burma. Khader's first story was published in "Chandrika" weekly in 1953. He was the president of Purogamana Kala Sahitya Sangham.

Khader died on 12 December 2020 at a hospital in Calicut, Kerala at the age of 85.

Fikre Selassie Wogderess

Fikre Selassie Wogderess (; 13 July 1945 – 12 December 2020) was an Ethiopian politician. He was the first Prime Minister of the People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia (PDRE) from 10 September 1987 to 8 November 1989. He was fired by President Mengistu Haile Mariam.

In 1989, he was sentenced to death for war crimes and murder. In 2010, the Ethiopian court removed his death sentence and released him following year.

Wogderess died on 12 December 2020 in Addis Ababa from diabetes-related problems at the age of 75.

Qisas

Qisas or Qiṣāṣ () is a term interpreted to mean "retaliation in kind", "eye for an eye", or retributive justice. 

Qisas was a practice used as a resolution tool in inter-tribal conflicts in pre-Islamic Arab society. The basis of this practice was that a member of the tribe to which the murderer belonged was handed over to the victim's family for execution, equivalent to the social status of the murdered person. The condition of "social equivalence" meant the execution of a member of the murderer's tribe who was equivalent to the murdered, in that the murdered person was male or female, slave or free, elite or commonplace. For example, only one slave can be killed for a slave, and a woman can be killed for a woman. On this pre-islamic understandings the discussion "whether a Muslim could be executed for a non-Muslim" was added in Islamic period.

In historical practice, qisas appears in two forms. One of them is, the punishment of the perpetrator "with the same act" in crimes "committed against the physical integrity of the person, such as a life for a life, an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth". Another application is related to the social status of the perpetrator and the victim. In the tribal understanding, when a person kills a woman, a slave or an honorable person from another tribe, a person "of similar status from the tribe to which the murderer belongs" will be killed in return. As a general custom, killing the master's to slave, father's to child, husband's to wife was not punished with retaliation, and retaliation was not applied to the man who killed the woman as a rule. The condition of "social equality" in qisas means that; "if a socially inferior person kills someone from the upper class, qisas will be applied", whereas "if someone from the upper class kills someone from the lower class, it cannot be applied". 

In this case, compensation can be paid to the family of the murdered person.

The main verse for implementation in Islam is Al Baqara; 178 verse;
": "'Believers! Retaliation is ordained for you regarding the people who were killed. Free versus free, captive versus captive, woman versus woman. Whoever is forgiven by the brother of the slain for a price, let him abide by the custom and pay the price well."

In traditional Islamic law ("sharia"), the doctrine of qisas allows a punishment analogous to the crime. Qisas is available to the victim or victim's heirs against a person convicted of murder or intentional bodily injury. In the case of murder, qisas gives the right to take the life of the killer, if the latter is convicted and the court approves. Those who are entitled to "qisas" have the option of receiving monetary compensation ("diyya") or granting pardon to the person instead.

Hylarana

Hylarana is a genus of true frogs. They are also called golden-backed frogs. They live in tropical Asia. Scientists used to put 84 to 96 valid species in "Hylarana", but they looked at the frogs again. Today, scientists say four species are in "Hylarana".

"Hylarana" frogs can be small or large. Male frogs are from their noses to the ends of their bodies, and females are . The nostrils are oval in shape and there is a piece of skin on top of them. The ear drum is not covered by skin. They have vomerine teeth and a parietal eye. The toes on their back feet are webbed, but the fingers on the front feet are not.

The frogs that scientists used to say were in "Hylarana" lived everywhere from Sri Lanka to the Western Ghat Mountains in India, through Nepal and southern China and Taiwan, south to Southeast Asia to the Philippines and Papua New Guinea, in Northern Australia, and tropical Africa. The four species of frogs that are still in "Hylarana" today live in southern and southeast Asia.

"Hylarana" is in the subfamily Raninae. They are true frogs, so they are in the family Ranidae. The name "Hylarana" comes from from the New Latin word "hyle" ("wood" or "forest") and "rana" ("frog"). Scientists used to think "Hylarana" was a subgenus of the genus "Rana", but they changed their minds in 2005. In 2006, scientists took "Hylarana" and split it into more genera. They treat these as junior synonyms of "Hylarana". In 2015, Oliver et al. looked closely at "Hylarana" again. They said that only four species are really "Hylarana sensu stricto": The other frogs were moved to "Abavorana", "Amnirana", "Chalcorana", "Humerana", "Hydrophylax", "Indosylvirana", "Papurana", "Pulchrana", and "Sylvirana".

Scientists used to say this genus had 84 to 96 valid species of frogs in it. But they looked closely again. Now, scientists say only four frogs are truly "Hylarana": "Hylarana malayana" was placed in "Hylarana" in 2021.

After these changes, scientists are not sure where a few "Hylarana" species should be placed:

Ron Springett

Ronald Deryk George Springett (22 July 1935 – 12 September 2015) was an English footballer. He played as a goalkeeper.

Springett died on 12 September 2015.




John Connelly

John Michael Connelly (18 July 1938 – 25 October 2012) was an English footballer. He played as an outside forward.

Connelly died at home on 25 October 2012, at the age of 74.




La Celestina

The Celestine is the name with which has popularised the Tragicomedy of Callisto and Melibea, attributed to Fernando de Rojas. His composition traces back to the last years of the 15th century, during the reign of the Catholic Kings in Spain and his extraordinary publishing success began in the 16th century and continued, with altibajos, until his prohibition in 1792

Kevin Großkreutz

Kevin Großkreutz (born 19 July 1988) is a former German footballer. He could play as a right-back or a winger. 


Borussia Dortmund

Germany

Javi Martínez

Javier "Javi" Martínez Aginaga (born 2 September 1988) is a Spanish footballer. He plays as a defensive midfielder or a center-back for Bayern Munich.

Source:

Athletic Bilbao

Bayern Munich
Spain

Spain U21

Spain U19
Individual


Jason Merrells

Jason Scott Merrells (born 9 March 1968) is an English actor. He is best known for portraying the roles of Matt Hawley in the BBC medical drama series "Casualty" (1994–1997), Gavin Ferraday in the BBC hairdressing drama series "Cutting It" (2002–2005), Jack Rimmer in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2006–2008), and Declan Macey in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (2010–2014). More recently, he has portrayed Sir Charles Fraith in the comedy-drama series "Agatha Raisin" (2016–present).

Sharlene Whyte

Sharlene Natasha Whyte (born 19 May 1976) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Jenny Edwards in the CBBC drama series "The Story of Tracy Beaker" and Adanna Lawal in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road". As well as starring in various stage productions, she has also made appearances in television series such as "Doctors", "Casualty", "Silent Witness", "Coronation Street", "Sadie J", "We Hunt Together" and "Stephen". 

Whyte is of Grenadian descent. She trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art from 1996 till 1999. 

Neil Morrissey

Neil Anthony John Morrissey MBE (born 4 July 1962) is an English actor, businessman, comedian and singer. He is best known for portraying the roles of Rocky in the ITV crime drama series "Boon" (1987–1995), Tony in the ITV-BBC sitcom "Men Behaving Badly" (1992–1998, 2014), and Eddie Lawson in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2007–2009). Between 2012 and 2016, he appeared as Nigel Morton in the BBC police procedural series "Line of Duty". 

Morrissey also provides the voice of many cartoon characters, including Bob, Roley, Lofty, Mr. Angelo Sabatini, Mr. Fothergill, Farmer Pickles and Scrufty in the UK version of "Bob the Builder".

Laurie Brett

Laurie Brett (born 28 March 1969) is a Scottish actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Jane Beale in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" (2004–2012, 2014–2017), and Christine Mulgrew in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2012–2015).

Elizabeth Berrington

Elizabeth Ann Berrington (born 3 August 1970) is an English actress and graduate of the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art. She is best known for portraying the roles of Mel Debrou in the ITV satirical comedy-drama series "Moving Wallpaper" (2008–2009), Ruby Fry in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2009–2011), Paula Kosh in the Sky 1 comedy-drama series "Stella" (2012–2013, 2015–2017), and Dawn Stevenson in the BBC drama series "The Syndicate" (2015). 

Berrington has also portrayed minor roles on British dramas such as "The Bill", "Doc Martin", "Doctor Who", "The Office", "Casualty", "The Lakes", "The Grimleys", "Rose and Maloney" and "Sex Education".

William Ash (actor)

William Ash (born 13 January 1977) is an English actor. He is best known for portraying the role of Christopher Mead in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2009–2011). Prior to this, Ash had starring roles on British dramas such as "Making Out" (1989–1991), "Children's Ward" (1989–1991), "Soldier Soldier" (1993–1994), "Where the Heart Is" (1997–1998), and "Clocking Off" (2001–2002). In 2022, he began appearing as Caleb Miligan in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale".

City Girls

City Girls is a Miami-based hip hop duo formed by Yung Miami (real name Caresha Brownlee) and JT (real name Jatavia Shakara Johnson) in 2017. They became popular after making an uncredited guest appearance on Drake's chart-topping hit single "In My Feelings". Their first studio album, "Girl Code" (2018), contained the platinum certified singles "Twerk" and "Act Up". Their second studio album "City on Lock" was released in 2020.



Lil Baby

Dominique Armani Jones (born December 3, 1994), known professionally as Lil Baby, is an American rapper, singer and songwriter. He rose to mainstream fame in 2017 following the release of his mixtape "Perfect Timing", becoming one of the most popular artists in the trap music genre as of now.

Lil Baby's first studio album, "Harder Than Ever" (2018), was certified platinum by the RIAA. It included the song "Yes Indeed" with Canadian recording artist Drake which peaked at number six on the "Billboard" Hot 100. 

He went on to release two more mixtapes in 2018, "Drip Harder" and "Street Gossip". The former mixtape contained his most popular song "Drip Too Hard", which peaked at number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The latter mixtape peaked at number two on the US "Billboard" 200. 

Lil Baby's second album, "My Turn" (2020), peaked at number one on the "Billboard" 200. The song "We Paid", from the album charted at number ten on the Hot 100. In June 2020, he released the single "The Bigger Picture", which peaked at number three on the Hot 100. It became the highest-charting single of his career. 

Throughout his career, Lil Baby has been nominated for three Grammy Awards, two American Music Awards, two MTV Video Music Awards, and seven BET Awards.

Dominique Jones was born and raised in Atlanta. He lived with his mother and 2 sisters while their father is no longer with them. 

Shortly after his release from prison in 2016, Jones released his mixtape "Perfect Timing". It features from Young Thug, Lil Yachty, and others. 

On July 18, 2017, he released his second mixtape titled "Harder Than Hard". 

On October 9, 2017, Jones released a collaboration mixtape with close friend and fellow Atlanta rapper Marlo, "2 The Hard Way". This mixtape did not create as big an impact as the former two mixtapes. It still gained some attention. 

Jones finally started to break through to the masses with his December 2017 mixtape "Too Hard". It was led by his hit single "Freestyle", which was released as a music video on November 5 to promote the upcoming mixtape. Through the success of the single, Jones attracted much attention to his mixtape. When the mixtape was finally released, it featured the single "All of a Sudden" featuring fellow American rapper Moneybagg Yo. This mixtape was defining for much of Jones' current career. 

In May 2018, Baby released his first studio album, "Harder Than Ever", which debuted at number three on the US "Billboard" 200 chart. The album was supported by the singles, "Southside" and "Yes Indeed" (with Drake). "Yes indeed" peaked at number six on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Life Goes On" featuring Lil Uzi Vert and Gunna charted at number 74 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

On October 5, 2018, after Lil Baby released "Harder Than Ever", he released his collaborative mixtape "Drip Harder" with Gunna. The single "Drip Too Hard" went on to become certified 9x platinum by the RIAA and MC Platinum. It peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was nominated for Best Rap/Song Performance at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards. The mixtape was released under the labels Quality Control, YSL Records, and Motown/Capitol.

In September 2018, Baby appeared on the Adult Swim television series "FishCenter Live". 

In November 2018, he released his mixtape "Street Gossip".

In December 2018, Baby collaborated with Yung Gravy on Gravy's single, "Alley Oop".

He starred in "How High 2", the sequel to the 2001 stoner comedy movie "How High". "How High 2" premiered on April 20, 2019, on MTV. 

On June 21, 2019, Baby and fellow Atlanta rapper Future released a single titled "Out the Mud". 

On July 17, 2019, Lil Baby appeared alongside DaBaby on the single "Baby". "Baby" was released on Quality Control's second studio album, "Control the Streets, Volume 2". The song peaked at number 21 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. 

On November 8, 2019, Baby released his single "Woah" as the lead single for his second studio album "My Turn". The song peaked at number 15 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. 

On November 9, 2019, Baby was featured on British YouTuber KSI's song "Down Like That" along with American rapper Rick Ross and British producer S-X. Baby performed it for KSI's ring walk at Staples Center for KSI's fight against YouTuber Logan Paul. 

On November 15, 2019, Baby released a song from the movie "Queen & Slim", titled "Catch the Sun". It later appeared on "My Turn".

On January 10, 2020, Lil Baby released the second single, "Sum 2 Prove", for his album. It reached number 16 on the Hot 100. 

On February 28, 2020, "My Turn," was released and debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200. It features guest appearances from Gunna, 42 Dugg, Future, Lil Uzi Vert, Lil Wayne, Moneybagg Yo, Young Thug, and Rylo Rodriguez. "My Turn" produced 12 songs that appeared on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, giving him a career total of 47 songs on the chart. It put him in a tie with musicians Prince and Paul McCartney. 

On May 1, 2020, following the release of the album's deluxe version, "My Turn" returned to the top spot on the "Billboard" 200. 

On June 12, 2020, Lil Baby released the political song "The Bigger Picture", following the George Floyd protests. The song debuted at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming Lil Baby's highest-charting song as a lead artist. His song "We Paid" featuring 42 Dugg from the "My Turn" deluxe also peaked in the top 10 of the Hot 100. 

In July 2020, Lil Baby was featured on late rapper Pop Smoke's "For the Night" from his posthumous first album, "Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon". The song reached number six on the Hot 100. 

In September 2020, "My Turn" became the first album of the year to be certified double platinum by the RIAA. "The Bigger Picture" received two nominations at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards: Best Rap Performance and Best Rap Song.

On March 14, 2021, Lil Baby performed "The Bigger Picture" at the Grammys to mostly positive reviews. The following day, another collaboration with Drake, "Wants and Needs", debuted at number two on the Hot 100. It passed a previous peak and debuted with "The Bigger Picture" for Jones, becoming his highest-charting song overall.

On June 4, 2021, Lil Baby released his collaborative studio album with Lil Durk, "The Voice of the Heroes". The album debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200.

In July 2021, he released the single "We Win" (featuring Kirk Franklin) for the soundtrack to the sports comedy movie "". 

Jason is the son of Jones which he had from his relationship with his Ex-girlfriend Ayesha. Jayda Cheaves is an entrepreneur and model who fell into a relationship with Jones in 2016.


Contraband (1980 movie)

Contraband () is a 1980 Italian action crime drama movie directed by Lucio Fulci (who also stars). It stars Fabio Testi, Ivana Monti, Guido Alberti, Venantino Venantini, Ajita Wilson, Marcel Bozzuffi and was distributed by CMR International.

Sledge, Mississippi

Sledge is a town located in Quitman County, Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 368 people lived in the town.

Thomas Brodie-Sangster

Thomas Brodie-Sangster (born 16 May 1990), also known as Thomas Sangster, is an English actor. He played Sam in "Love Actually" (2003), Ferb Fletcher in "Phineas and Ferb" (2007–2015) and Jojen Reed in "Game of Thrones" (2013–2014).

Vincent Martella

Vincent Michael Martella (born February 11, 1993) is an American actor and singer. He played Greg Wuliger on the UPN/CW sitcom "Everybody Hates Chris" and was the voice of Phineas Flynn in the Disney Channel original animated show "Phineas and Ferb" He also played Bradley in Milo Murphy’s Law.

Stephanie Kelton

Stephanie Kelton (née Bell; born October 10, 1969) is an American economist and academic. She is currently a professor at Stony Brook University and a Senior Fellow at the Schwartz Center for Economic Policy Analysis at the New School for Social Research. She was a professor at the University of Missouri–Kansas City. 

She also was an advisor to Bernie Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign.

She is founder and editor-in-chief of the blog New Economic Perspectives. 

Belle Delphine

Mary-Belle Kirschner (born 23 October 1999), better known online as Belle Delphine, is a South African-born English model and Internet celebrity, 'adult model', and YouTuber.

Delphine was born on 23 October 1999 in South Africa, and was raised in Cape Town. She experienced a devout Christian family upbringing. After her parents divorced, she moved to Lymington, England with her mother. Now in Hampshire, she attended Priestlands School, but dropped out at the age of fourteen, due to being bullied online. Around this time, she was treated for depression. After dropping out, she found work as a waitress, nanny, and barista. Delphine also began posting pictures of her cosplay onto her Facebook account, which was later deleted. These now-deleted cosplay posts were "low-res and dimly lit."

Delphine has a boyfriend, who often works on the photography of her modeling content and likes to remain anonymous.


Happy Asmara

Heppy Rismanda Hendranata (born July 10, 1999), known professionally as Happy Asmara, is an Indonesian singer-songwriter, actress, presenter, commercial TV model, and businesswoman. Her name is known thanks to the singles "Tak Ikhlasno" and "Dalan Liyane" which managed to gain popularity.





Gutierre de Cetina

Gutierre de Cetina (Seville, 1520-Puebla de los Ángeles, Mexico, 1554) was a Spanish poet of the Renaissance and of the Spanish Golden Age.

Tony Stark (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

Anthony "Tony" Edward Stark, known popularly as the superhero vigilante Iron Man, is a fictional character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). He is based on the character of the same name from Marvel Comics. He is mostly portrayed by Robert Downey Jr., although a younger version of him is portrayed by David Ransom and an animated version of him is voiced by Mick Wingert. 

First appearing in "Iron Man", he is first depicted as an entrepreneur and billionaire who works as a weapons manufacturer contracted to build weapons of mass destruction for the United States Army. He is kidnapped by the Ten Rings, an international terrorist organization, and forced to build weapons for them. He agrees to do so, but secretly creates the first Iron Man suit and escapes. He ultimately defeats the Ten Rings and announces himself as Iron Man to the world. His actions earn the attention of Nick Fury, who approaches him about the Avengers Initiative. In "The Incredible Hulk", Stark returns for the first time in the pre-credits scene to talk to Thunderbolt Ross about the initiative. Stark returns again as the main protagonist of "Iron Man 2" and "Iron Man 3". He appears as one of the co-protagonists in "The Avengers", "", "", and "". Stark appears as the antagonist of "" and has an additional supporting role "", serving as the mentor of Peter Parker.

Tony Stark is widely recognized as one of the most important characters in the Infinity Saga of the MCU.

Tony is a genius and a philanthropist. He's good-hearted and also eccentric, wisecracking, sarcastic, exuberant, rational and optimistic. He's also very charismatic and friendly as he's able to make friends in a short period of time.

Additionally, David Ransom portrays a younger version of Tony Stark in some scenes of "Iron Man 2".

National parks and nature reserves of Israel

The national parks of Israel are historic sites or nature reserves, which are mostly operated by the National Nature and Parks Authority. In 2015, Israel had 81 national parks and more than 400 nature reserves.

Some of the country's most notable parks are located at sites such as Tel Megiddo, Jerusalem and Ashkelon. These include the "Alexander stream" and "Mount Carmel National Park". Several parks and nature reserves have camping options, such as tent grounds and bungalows, open to small groups or campers. The main idea behind these parks and reserves is to guard the values of nature, landscape, heritage, and species.

Following the drying of Lake Hula, the Hula Reserve was established in 1964 and became the first declared nature reserve in Israel. It is a major stopover for birds migrating between Africa, Europe and Asia. In 1963 the Israeli parliament approved the "National parks and nature reserves act", and as a result, two authorities were established: the National Parks Authority and the Nature Reserves Authority. In 1998 the two authorities were merged into one body - Israel Nature and Parks Authority.

In Israel, the difference between national parks and nature reserves is often hard to make. National parks are in most cases centered around archaeological sites, but sometimes include protected nature as well. The nature reserves often contain not just protected flowers, trees and animals, but also archaeological sites of importance.


Brandon Bernard

Brandon Anthony Micah Bernard (July 3, 1980 – December 10, 2020) was an American man who was convicted for the 1999 robbery, kidnapping, and murder of two people. He was sentenced to death for the murders and remained on death row until his execution in December 2020.

Bernard was a gang member. In 1999, Bernard was one of five gang members who together robbed, kidnapped, and murdered two youth pastors. After forcing the pastors into the trunk of their car, Christopher Andre Vialva shot both in the head before Bernard set the car on fire with the victims inside. Vialva was executed on September 24, 2020, and Bernard was executed on December 10, 2020.

Carol Sutton (actress)

Carol Sutton (née Dickerson; December 3, 1944 – December 10, 2020) was an American actress. She was best known for her roles in the movie "Steel Magnolias", "Monster's Ball", and "Ray".

Sutton died on December 10, 2020 from COVID-19 in New Orleans at the age of 76.

Mongkol Na Songkhla

Mongkol Na Songkhla (, 16 January 1941 – 11 December 2020) was a Thai politician. He was the Minister of Public Health from 2006 to 2008 during the Surayud Chulanont cabinet. He was born in Bangkok. 

Na Songkhla died on 11 December 2020 in Bangkok from cancer, aged 79.

Jimmy Collins (basketball)

James Earl Collins (November 24, 1946 – December 13, 2020) was an American basketball player and coach. He was born and raised in Syracuse, New York. He played for the Chicago Bulls from 1970 to 1972.

Collins was the head coach of the men's basketball team at the University of Illinois at Chicago from 1996 to 2010. He helped push the team to the NCAA Tournament in 1998, 2002 and 2004, and an NIT showing in 2003.

Collins died on December 13, 2020 from heart surgery-related problems in Chicago at the age of 74.

Investing.com

Investing.com is a notable financial website. It provides financial news as well as information about market "quotes", foreign exchange, stocks, commodities, currencies, interest rates and more. As of December 2020, it is the second most popular financial website in the world and is among the top 200 most popular websites overall.

The website was founded in 2007 as "Forexpros". In 2012 its name changed to Investing.com, after the company bought their (domain) name for $2.45 million.

In the years 2013-2014, Investing.com launched Android and iOS apps, and in 2019 had editions in 24 languages. 


Nur Hossain Kasemi

Allama Nur Hossain Kasemi () (10 January 1945 – 13 December 2020) was a Bangladeshi Deobandi Islamic scholar, politician, educator, religious speaker and spiritual figure. He was the Secretary General of Hefazat-e-Islam Bangladesh from November 2020 until his death. He also was in charge of Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam Bangladesh from 2015 until his death. Kasemi was born in Dhaka.

Kasemi died at a Dhaka hospital on 13 December 2020 from respiratory failure, aged 75.

Ferruccio Pisoni

Ferruccio Pisoni (6 August 1936 – 12 December 2020) was an Italian politician. He was a Deputy from 1968 to 1983. Pisoni was born in Trevi, Italy. He was a member of the Christian Democracy.

Pisoni died on 12 December 2020 at the age of 84.

Motjeka Madisha

Motjeka Madisha (12 January 1995 – 12 December 2020) was a South African professional soccer player. He played for Mamelodi Sundowns, as a defender. He also played for the national team from 2015 to 2020. 

Madisha was killed in a car crash on 12 December 2020 in Kempton Park, Guateng at the age of 25.

Victor Gnanapragasam

Father Victor Gnanapragasam O.M.I. (November 21, 1940 – December 12, 2020) was a Sri Lankan Roman Catholic prelate. He was the first prefect of the Catholic Apostolic Prefecture of Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan from 2001 until his death. Gnanapragasam was born in Jaffna, Sri Lanka. 

Gnanapragasam died on December 12, 2020 from a heart attack at the age of 80.

Escurinho

Benedito Custódio Ferreira, nicknamed Escurinho (3 July 1930 – 12 December 2020) was a Brazilian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder and left winger. He was born in Nova Lima, Brazil. Escurinho played for Villa Nova, Fluminense, Atlético Junior, Portuguesa (RJ) and Bonsucesso.

He played eight times for the Brazilian national team between 1955 and 1956.

He died on 12 November 2020 from Alzheimer's disease and multiple organ failure in Nova Lima at the age of 90.

Nicolas Chumachenco

Nicolas Chumachenco (also known as Nicolas Chumachenko; March 27, 1944 – December 12, 2020), was a Polish-born Spanish-German violin soloist and professor. He was director of the Queen Sofía Chamber Orchestra. Chumachenco was born in Kraków, in Nazi-occupied Poland, to Ukrainian parents who left Poland at the end of the Second World War.

Chumachenco died on December 12, 2020 in Schallstadt, Germany at the age of 76.

Claude Castonguay

Claude Castonguay, (May 8, 1929 – December 12, 2020) was Canadian Progressive Conservative politician, educator and businessman. He was born in Quebec City, Quebec. 

He was a member of the National Assembly of Quebec from 1970 to 1973. Catonguay was a member of the Senate of Canada from 1990 to 1992.

Castonguay died on December 12, 2020 at the age of 91.

Bird Averitt

William Rodney "Bird" Averitt (July 22, 1952December 12, 2020) was an American professional basketball player in the American Basketball Association (ABA) and the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was born in Hopkinsville, Kentucky. His career lasted from 1973 to 1978. Averitt played for the San Antonio Spurs, Kentucky Colonels, Buffalo Braves and New Jersey Nets.

Averitt died on December 12, 2020 at the age of 68.

Scalable Hosting

Scalable Hosting or ""Scalacube"" develops hosting services that include a control panel, allowing users to create their game servers for Minecraft, Rust, , Hytale, etc. According to their website, they combines VPS and game server hosting. 

The company was founded in January 2019 by Kostiantyn Rohatkin and is headquartered in Tallinn, Estonia. In October 2020, the business was accredited by the Estonian Startup Committee.

Confidence and supply

Confidence and supply is an agreement in a Westminster system government where parties or independents agree to support the minority government in votes of no confidence and appropriation or budget (supply) votes. This lets the government keep control of the lower house.


McNary, Louisiana

McNary is a village in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Hung parliament

A hung parliament (also called a balanced parliament, or as a legislature under no overall control) is when no political party (or coalition that existed before) has a majority in the Westminster system of legislatures. If this isn't solved with something like a confidence and supply agreement or a new coalition, the largest party will have to form a minority government. This is bad because they can easily lose a vote of no confidence, so a government is hard to run.

Hagewood, Louisiana

Hagewood is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Master and slave philosophy

"Master and slave" is a theme in philosophy that can be used in different ways. It is explained by the German philosophers Georg W. F. Hegel and Friedrich Nietzsche but with different meanings. In philosophy, the words "master" and "slave" are not always meant literally. The theme refers to a hierarchy of certain things or people being put beneath others.

Georg W. F. Hegel wrote about a certain kind of recognition that people need. According to Hegel, people have a need to be recognised as individuals by other individuals. People fill this need by being recognised by others who aren't put beneath them. Part of this happens when people struggle against each other, even to death. People will risk their lives just to struggle for this kind of recognition. However, the outcome of this struggle creates a problem for filling this need. The person who loses the struggle will either die or become beneath the other person. This is taking the part of "slave". When someone puts someone else beneath themself, they take the part of "master". The person who loses the struggle can no longer give or receive the recognition that is needed. Therefore, when someone is put beneath others it damages how they think of themself. But also, when someone puts themselves others, they cannot get the recognition they need from those people anymore.

Hegel's explanation of master and slave has become important in many fields of study. Some examples are in social sciences, discourse analysis, and psychoanalysis. The American researcher David Duquette says the more correct name in English for this philosophy is "lordship and bondage", rather than "master and slave". The American professor Robert Brandom also says that Hegel's explanation represents when duty and authority are split apart. Duties are only given to the "slave" but authority is only given to the "master". The problems of master and slave happen when people try to take one without the other.

Friedrich Nietzsche wrote many warnings about the dangers of morality. Morality is dangerous when it harms the best people and favours the people beneath them, says Nietzsche. He explains master and slave as two different approaches to values and morals. The first approach values noble things like honour, courage, self-worth, and excellence. These people value things based on what they see rather than what they are told. The second approach is what Nietzsche calls a weakness. It values things like sameness and pity. He also calls these "priestly values" because they are often to people by priestly religions. He says the ancient Hebrews were an example of priestly culture, and the ancient Romans were an example of a noble culture.

The "slave revolt in morals" is when the weaker people force their weaker values onto others. This happens when they get resentful about being beneath the stronger people. When these values spread, they favour the weak and priestly people at the cost of the better and nobler people. Nietzsche also says they are life-denying values, meaning they have a negative and unhealthy attitude towards living. They are what make morality dangerous. Nietzsche does not say slave morality is always bad though. Instead, "the ideas of the herd should rule in the herd—but not reach out beyond it". What this means is that weaker values be for the weaker people but for the nobler people. Before Nietzsche, the Russian nihilist Dmitry Pisarev had also said extraordinary people should free themselves from morality and priestly ideas.

A slightly different theme of master and slave is also used by the ancient Greek philosopher Plato. It is a main part of his philosophy even though it often stays hidden. Plato says that enslavement is when a person cannot master themselves. When this happens they become a slave to their desires. The opposite of this he calls "self-mastery". He also says that people become mastered by others when they cannot master themselves. For example, people have leaders when they cannot lead themselves. For Plato, the slave and master relation is when something natural and disorderly is put beneath something divine and orderly. For example, Plato says the soul is master of the body. He also says that the world is naturally disorderly, but is turned orderly and scientific only by divine things. Nietzsche instead says there is no divine orderliness that masters the world. According to Nietzsche, the ancient Greeks before Plato already understood this better. These ancient Greeks were able to balance the disorder of Dionysus, and the reasoning of Apollo. He saw Plato as destroying this understanding. And so Nietzsche saw Plato as a coward who couldn't accept reality. Nietzsche's explanation of the master and slave theme is instead based on power, rather than orderliness.

Mackenzie Ziegler

Mackenzie Frances Ziegler (born June 4, 2004) is an American dancer, actress, model, and singer. She first got noticed as a child while appearing for six years on the Lifetime reality dance series "Dance Moms" with her older sister, Maddie Ziegler, who is a dancer and actress. She was also tulip on the masked dancer. 

Without Love

Without Love is a 1945 American romantic comedy movie directed by Harold S. Bacquet and was based on the 1942 play of the same name by Philip Barry. It stars Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, Lucille Ball, Keenan Wynn, Carl Esmond, Patricia Morison and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

1980 United States heat wave

The 1980 United States heat wave was a period of strong heat and drought. It caused "serious" havoc and damage in the Southern Great Plains and much of the Midwestern United States during the summer of 1980. It was one of the most devastating and damaging natural disasters in terms of deaths.

The heat wave first got started in June 1980. A strong high pressure area began building in the central and Southern United States. That allowed the temperatures to soar to almost every day from June to September. This high pressure system acted as a cap on the atmosphere. That prevented thunderstorm development and caused severe drought conditions. But the heat wave broke when the dying Hurricane Allen stopped the weather pattern.

The heat wave and drought led a number of cities in the Midwest and South to have record heat. In Kansas City, Missouri, the high temperature was only below twice. In the same city, the high temperature hit 17 days in a row. In Memphis, Tennessee, the high temperature reached on Sunday, July 13. It was part of a 15-day stretch of temperatures that lasted from July 6 to July 20.

The agricultural damage by the 1980 heat wave and drought was over $20 billion (1980 USD). That allowed the temperatures to soar to almost every day from June to September. This high pressure system acted as a cap on the atmosphere.

In Dallas-Fort Worth, Texas, high temperatures exceeded a total of 69 times. Forty-two of those were consecutive days. In Dallas-Fort Worth, the high temperature hit on two days: June 26 and 27.

Lovers and Liars

Lovers and Liars ("Viaggio con Anita") is a 1979 Italian French comedy movie directed by Mario Monicelli and starring Goldie Hawn, Giancarlo Giannini, Claudine Auger, Aurore Clément, Laura Betti, Andréa Ferréol.


MediaZona

Mediazona is a Russian website. Two girls from the Russian punk rock collective Pussy Riot (Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova) made it in 2014. Russian political journalist Sergey Smirnov is the main editor of the website.

Mediazona gives information on the judicial, law enforcement, and penal system in Russia. Since 2020 the site gives such news on Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and Belarus too.

Mediazona has a Russian media license, but Tolokonnikova said in 2016 that it could be taken away at any time.

The site of Mediazona can't be opened in Belarus.

On 30 January 2021, the main editor of Mediazona Sergey Smirnov was locked up by the police.


Born to Win

Born to Win is a 1971 American black comedy movie directed by Ivan Passer and starring George Segal, Karen Black, Paula Prentiss, Hector Elizondo, Robert De Niro. It was distributed by United Artists.


Creator (movie)

Creator is a 1985 American comedy movie directed by Ivan Passer and was based on the 1980 novel of the same name by Jeremy Leven. It stars Peter O'Toole, Mariel Hemingway, Vincent Spano, Virginia Madsen, David Ogden Stiers, John Dehner, Ian Wolfe, Kenneth Tigar, Jeff Corey and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


A Letter for Evie

A Letter for Evie is a 1946 American comedy movie directed by Jules Dassin and starring Marsha Hunt, John Carroll, Hume Cronyn, Spring Byington, Norman Lloyd, Pamela Britton, Donald Curtis, Esther Howard. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Miriam Naor

Miriam Naor (October 26, 1947 – January 24, 2022) was an Israeli judge. She was President of the Supreme Court of Israel. She was in that position from 2015 to 2017.

Naor was born in Jerusalem. She served in the IDF as a soldier-teacher. 

Naor married Arye Naor, who was a governments secretary in Menachem Begin's government. In 1972 she began working at the state attorney's office, and was later promoted to the position of the state's senior attorney. At the same time, she worked as a professor at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. In 1980, she was appointed to be a judge in Jerusalem and in 1989 was promoted to the district court.

In 2001 she began serving as a judge on the Supreme Court of Israel. In 2012, the judge electing panel chose her to the position of vice-president of the Supreme Court, and in 2015 she became its President. Throughout the years as a judge, Naor was in-charge of important cases and rulings in all court levels. She retired from the position in October 2017 after reaching the retirement age. 

In October 2018, she became the President of the Zionist Supreme Court of the .

Naor died on January 24, 2022 in Jerusalem from cardiac arrest, aged 74.

Shock (1946 movie)

Shock is a 1946 American thriller movie directed by Alfred L. Werker and starring Vincent Price, Lynn Bari, Frank Latimore, Anabel Shaw, Stephen Dunne, Reed Hadley. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Charlotte Tillar Schexnayder

Charlotte Tillar Schexnayder (December 25, 1923 – December 11, 2020) was an American journalist and politician. She was a member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from the 74th district from 1985 to 1999. She was born in Tillar, Arkansas. Schexnayder was a member of the Democratic Party.

Schexnayder died on December 11, 2020 in Little Rock, Arkansas at the age of 96.

Huang Zongying

Huang Zongying (; 13 July 1925 – 14 December 2020) was a Chinese actress and writer. She starred in many black-and-white movies such as "Rhapsody of Happiness" (1947), "Crows and Sparrows" (1949), "Women Side by Side" (1949), and "The Life of Wu Xun" (1950). Huang was born in Beijing.

Huang died on 14 December 2020 in Beijing at the age of 95.

Piotr Machalica

Piotr Machalica (13 February 1955 – 14 December 2020) was a Polish actor. His career began in 1979. Machalica was born in Pszczyna, Poland. Machalica played Tadeusz in "Hero of the Year" (1987), Roman in "" (1988) and Roman in "A Short Film About Love" (1988).

Machalica died on 14 December 2020 in Warsaw from COVID-19 at the age of 65.

Alfonso Gagliano

Alfonso Gagliano (; (January 25, 1942 – December 12, 2020) was an Italian-born Canadian accountant and a Liberal Party politician. He was born in Siculiana, Italy. Gagliano was a member of the Parliament of Canada from 1984 to 2002. He also was a Minister of Labour from 1996 to 1997 and of Public Works and Government Services from 1997 to 2002.

Gagliano died on December 12, 2020 at the age of 78.

Terry Kay

Terry Kay (February 10, 1938 – December 12, 2020) was an American author. Kay was known for his work as "To Dance with the White Dog". Kay was born in Royston, Georgia.

Kay died on December 12, 2020 from liver cancer in Athens, Georgia at the age of 82.

Royston, Georgia

Royston is a city in Franklin, Hart, and Madison counties in the U.S. state of Georgia. 2,649 lived here in 2020.

Jerzy Mikułowski Pomorski

Jerzy Mikułowski Pomorski (3 January 1937 – 12 December 2020) was a Polish sociologist and professor. He was a doctor honoris causa of Grand Valley State University (1993) and Teesside University (1995). He was a rector of Cracow University of Economics in years 1990–1996.

Pomorski died on 12 December 2020 at the age of 83.

Radhika Ranjan Pramanick

Radhika Ranjan Pramanick (18 December 1932 – 13 December 2020) was an Indian politician. He was born in West Bengal, British India. Pramanick was a member of the All India Trinamool Congress. From 1989 to 2004, he was a member of the Lok Sabha. 

Pramanick died on 13 December 2020 in Kolkata, India at the age of 87.

Shahid Mahmood

Shahid Mahmood (Urdu: شاہد محمود) (17 March 1939 – 13 December 2020) was a Pakistani cricketer. He was born in Lucknow. He played in one Test in 1962. He played first-class cricket in Pakistan from 1957 to 1969. He played for the national team.

Mahmood died on 13 December 2020 in New Jersey at the age of 81.

Otto Barić

Otto Barić (; 19 June 1933 – 13 December 2020) was an Austrian-born Croatian football player and later manager. He was born in Eisenkappel-Vellach, Austria. From 1958 to 1963, he played for Lokomotiva Zagreb. He managed the national team from 2002 to 2004.

Barić died of COVID-19 on 13 December 2020 in Zagreb, Croatia at the age of 87.

Source:

Wacker Innsbruck

NK Zagreb

Yugoslavia

Rapid Vienna

Casino Salzburg

Croatia Zagreb 

Fiorenzo Alfieri

Fiorenzo Alfieri (11 September 1943 – 13 December 2020) was an Italian educator and politician. He was born in Polignano a Mare, Italy. He was a member of the Turin City Council from 1995 to 2000.

Alfieri died of COVID-19 in Turin on 13 December 2020 at the age of 77.

Polignano a Mare

Polignano a Mare (; Barese: ) is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bari, Apulia, southern Italy, located on the Adriatic Sea. 


Hasu Yajnik

Hasmukhray Vrajlal Yajnik (12 February 1938 ― 10 December 2020), better known as Hasu Yajnik, also spelled Hasu Yagnik was a Gujarati writer and editor. He wrote novels, short stories, criticism, folklore, and children's stories. He was a professor of Gujarati in many government colleges in Gujarat. 

He wrote twenty novels, three short story collections, two jail stories, four medieval stories, and criticism of four medieval works. He edited twelve folk works and six works of children's literature.

He was the registrar of the Gujarat Sahitya Akademi, Gandhinagar from 1982 to 1996. He was a founder and managing trustee of the Meghani Lokvidya Sanshodhan Bhavan, Ahmedabad from 1996 to 2005.

He died on 10 December 2020 due to COVID-19 in Ahmedabad at the age of 82.

Diego Novelli

Diego Novelli (born 22 May 1931) is an Italian politician. He was born in Turin. 

Novelli was a member of the Italian Communist Party. He was a Member of the European Parliament from 1984 to 2001. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1987 to 2001. Novelli was Mayor of Turin from 1975 to 1985.

Valentino Castellani

Valentino Castellani (born 19 March 1940) is an Italian politician. He was the independent Mayor of Turin from 24 June 1993 to 1 June 2001. Castellani was born in Varmo, Italy. From 1999 to 2006, he was President of the International Olympic Committee.

Varmo

Varmo () is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It is about northwest of Trieste and about southwest of Udine.

Burshtyn

Burshtyn () is a city located in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukraine. Its population is 14,976 (2020).

It was developed significantly during the Soviet Union period due to Burshtyn Coal Power Station. The city has an old Roman Catholic Church in the center of the city.

The first written mention of the settlement dates back to 1554 (or in 1436 according to other sources).

In the second half of the 16th century the town belonged to the Polish nobleman Skarbek. In October 1629, a famous battle took place near the town, in which the registered Cossacks and the Polish army under the command of Stefan Khmeletsky defeated the Tatar. The attackers were driven further, in particular, to Monastyrysk, where their remains were again destroyed.

From 1630 the owner of Burshtyn was the magnate Yablonovsky. During the Middle Ages, the city was destroyed by raids by Tatars and Turks, in particular during the Polish-Turkish wars of the XVII century (1629, 1675).

Anatoliy Kinakh

Anatoliy Kyrylovych Kinakh (; born 4 August 1954) is a Ukrainian politician. He is the leader of Party of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs of Ukraine.

Kinakh is most known for holding the Prime Minister of Ukraine office under the President Leonid Kuchma from 2001 to 2002. He was also the first Vice Prime Minister and a Minister of Economy of Ukraine.

Guangdong frog

The Guangdong frog, brown grasspound frog, three-striped grass frog, long-toed frog, marbled slender frog, long-toed slender frog or stripe-backed frog ("Hylarana macrodactyla") is a frog from China, Myanmar , Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam and Malaysia.

This frog lives in tropical and subtropical forests that are not too wet and in some grasslands.

The name "macrodactyla" means "with big fingers," or "long-toed."

1962 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1962 Atlantic hurricane season was not very active. It was the least active hurricane season since 1939, as there were only five named storms. It started on June 15, 1962, but the first storm was not until August 26. 

Battle of Lepanto

The Battle of Lepanto (in Italian "Battaglia gave Lepanto"; in Turkish: "İnebahtı deniz muharebesi naval battle of İnebahtı) was a naval battle that took place on 7 October, 1571 near of the Greek city of Náfpaktos (Lepanto in Italian).

They confronted in her the armed of Ottoman Empire against the one of a Catholic coalition, called Holy League, formed by the Spanish Empire, the Pontifical States, the Republic of Venice, the Order of Malta, the Republic of Génova and the Duchy of Savoy.

In this battle participated Miguel de Cervantes, that resulted injured and lost the mobility of his left hand, what cost him the nickname of «manco of Lepanto». This writer, that was very proud to having combated there, described it like «the more memorable and high occasion that saw the past centuries, neither expect to see the coming». Also it entered the history in the "Quijote", through the #narration of the captive, as typical work of literature of border.

The Baron of Arizona

The Baron of Arizona is a 1950 American western movie directed by Samuel Fuller and was based on the 1949 article by Homer Croy. It stars Vincent Price, Ellen Drew, Vladimir Sokoloff, Beulah Bondi, Reed Hadley, Robert Barrat, Margia Dean, Jonathan Hale, Edward Keane and was distributed by Lippert Pictures.


The Web (movie)

The Web is a 1947 American crime thriller movie directed by Michael Gordon and starring Ella Raines, Edmond O'Brien, William Bendix, Vincent Price, Maria Palmer, Howland Chamberlain. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Borders of Israel

The State of Israel has borders with four countries: Lebanon in the north, Egypt (and Gaza) in the southwest, Jordan (and the West Bank) in the east, and Syria in the northeast. Israel also has "sea borders" in the Red Sea, the Dead Sea and the Mediterranean Sea. The current borders Israel are the result of war, diplomatic agreements between Israel and its neighbors, and colonial powers from before its creation.

Some borders are internationally recognized while others are not accepted by all countries. The borders with Lebanon, Syria and Jordan are based on those drawn by the United Kingdom and France in 1923. The border with Egypt is the international border determined in 1906 between United Kingdom and the Ottoman Empire. Israel's borders with Egypt and Jordan have been formally recognized as part official peace treaties between the countries. On the other hand, the borders with Syria and Palestinian National Authority are still in dispute between the sides involved. The Golan Heights area is at the heart of the dispute between Israel and Syria on their common border. There is agreement between Israel and Lebanon on their border, with the exception of a small area of known as the "Shebaa Farms" which Israel took over during a war. Since the 1990s, Israel and the Palestinian Authority have been negotiating a border between them as well. 


Happy Joe's

Happy Joe's Pizza & Ice Cream Parlor is an American pizza parlor chain based in Bettendorf, Iowa. The restaurant chain was founded in 1972 by Lawrence Joseph "Happy Joe" Whitty. He was a former Shakey's Pizza manager.

Happy Joe's has 61 restaurants in North Dakota, Missouri, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa and Illinois.

Indoor cricket

Indoor cricket is a form of cricket that is played in an indoors area much smaller than a regular cricket field. There are multiple versions of indoor cricket, and games can be played with different time lengths. 

The indoor cricket court is a area, with the pitch being long and meters wide except in the area where the bowler delivers the ball. There is a running crease 11 meters away from the batting crease. The batting crease is from the other popping crease.

The batsmen run between their grounds, which are separated by the batting crease and the running crease and the area between these creases, to score runs, with the bowler delivering the ball with part of their front foot behind the bowling crease (which is the popping crease at the bowler's end of the pitch; it is not to be confused with the "wicket line", the indoor cricket term for what regular cricket calls the bowling crease). The bowler is allowed to deliver the ball underarm, but if they do so, the ball must bounce beyond the underarm line. Teams may have less than 11 players.

Cynthia Ozick

Cynthia S. Ozick (born April 17, 1928) is an American novelist, short story writer and essayist. She mostly writes fiction. However, she also writes literary criticism, politics and history.

Ozick received an Edward Lewis Wallant Award and the National Jewish Book Award for her short story collection, "The Pagan Rabbi and Other Stories" in 1971. She received the National Jewish Book Award for Fiction in 1977 for her book "Bloodshed and Three Novellas".

Ozick was selected as the winner of a Rea Award for the Short Story in 1986.

The novelist David Foster Wallace called Ozick one of the greatest living American writers. 





Bandō prisoner of war camp

Bandō prisoner of war camp was a prisoner of war camp that existed from 1917 to 1920, during and shortly after the First World War. It was located in the city with the same name. It housed about 1000 of the 3900 prisoners of war captured at Tsingtao, China, in 1914. Today, the camp is considered special, because of the liberal rules it had. Many of the prisoners were not professional soldiers, but had other jobs before the war. The commander of the camp, Matsue Toyohisa, saw this, and allowed the prisoners many liberties. One of these liberties was that they were allowed to follow courses to improve their skills. That way, Hermann Richard Hansen directed a choir and an orchestra of prisoners, to perform Beethoven's 9th symphony. This was the first performance of the symphony in Japan and in Asia. When the camp closed in 1920, 63 people chose to stay in Japan.

MOD (Marehan, Ogaden, Darawiish)

MOD in Somali politics stands for "Marehan, Ogaden, Darawiish". It is an acronym to describe the political alliance between the Marehan, Ogaden and reer Darawiish tribes. The political alliance between MOD (Marehan, Ogaden, Darawiish) started in the 1980s in the Hantiwadaag era. The political coalition of MOD ended in 1989 with the Somali Civil War. The political alliance between Marehan, Ogaden and Darawiish was led by president Siad Barre.

Tartib al-Musnad

Tartib al-Musnad is the hadith collection used by people who follow the Ibadism sect.

Anatomical terms of location

Anatomical terms of location have been developed. They help describe the anatomy of animals (including humans). They describe standard positions on an animal. They use Latin and Greek words.

Standard terms let all biological and medical scientists, veterinarians, doctors and anatomists to communicate information about animal bodies and their organs. Much of this information has been standardised in internationally agreed vocabularies for humans (Gray's Anatomy) and animals

For humans, and other animals which stand on two feet (bipeds), terms used are different from animals which stand on four (quadrupeds). Humans are described in the standard anatomical position, which is standing up with arms outstretched. So, what is on "top" of a human is the head, whereas the "top" of a dog may be its back, and the "top" of a flounder could refer to either its left or its right side. Unique terms are used to describe animals without a backbone (invertebrates), because of their wide variety of shapes and symmetry.

Superior means above; inferior means below. In humans it means the head and feet. In animals it means the back and the underneath.

Anterior means the front; posterior means the back.

Medial means the midline; lateral means the sides. The terms "left" and "right" are sometimes used, or their Latin alternatives dexter (right) and sinister (left).

The terms proximal and distal are used to describe parts of a feature that are close to, or distant from, the main mass of the body. Thus the upper arm in humans is proximal and the hand is distal.

"Proximal and distal" are frequently used when describing appendages, such as fins, tentacles, and limbs. 

This terminology is also employed in molecular biology and therefore referring to the atomic position of molecules in a given compound.

Central and peripheral refer to the distance towards and away from the centre of something.

Central describes something close to the centre. For example, the great vessels run centrally through the body; many smaller vessels branch from these.

Peripheral describes something further away from the centre of something. For example, the arm is peripheral to the body.

Deep describes something further away from the surface of the organism.

Superficial describes something near the outer surface of the organism. For example, in skin, the epidermis is superficial to the subcutis.

These two terms, used in anatomy and embryology, describe something at the back ("dorsal") or front/belly ("ventral") of an organism.

The dorsal surface of an organism refers to the back, or upper side, of an organism. If talking about the skull, the dorsal side is the top.

The ventral surface refers to the front, or lower side, of an organism.

For example, in a fish, the pectoral fins are dorsal to the anal fin, but ventral to the dorsal fin.

Specific terms exist to describe how close or far something is to the head or tail of an animal. To describe how close to the head of an animal something is, three distinct terms are used:


For example, in horses, the eyes are caudal to the nose and rostral to the back of the head.

These terms are generally preferred in veterinary medicine and not used as often in human medicine. 

In humans, "cranial" and "cephalic" are used to refer to the skull, with "cranial" being used more commonly. The term "rostral" is rarely used in human anatomy, apart from embryology, and refers more to the front of the face than the superior aspect of the organism. Similarly, the term "caudal" is used more in embryology and only occasionally used in human anatomy. This is because the brain is at the superior part of the head whereas the nose is in the anterior part. Thus, the "rostrocaudal axis" refers to a C shape (see image above).

SOS Fairy Manu

SOS Fairy Manu (Spanish: SOS Hada Manu kouion as Ffiguiner: SOS Guione Muin) is a Brazilian cartoon produced by TeamTO, Boutique Filmes and Lightstar Studios in co-production with Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon and Cake Entertainment in association with Disney Channel, Rede Globo 2007 and TV Cultura with the participation of francetélévisions. It is shown by the paid channel Gloob from July 13, 2014 from Monday to Friday at 4:30 am, 8:45 am and 11:45 am, with 26 episodes of 11 minutes each in its first season. The second season premiered on November 7, 2016, also with 26 episodes. On TV Brasil, the series is shown from Monday to Friday, at 2:30 pm, and on Saturdays and Sundays. 

The series was nominated for an Emmy Kids Award in 2016.

Manu is a 10-year-old apprentice fairy godmother who lives under the guidance of her grandmother, an experienced retired fairy, in the enchanted kingdom. Her magic wand is an umbrella, and with it Manu will have to learn to study magic, fulfill wishes and face the witch Valkyrie who always tries to dominate the kingdom with some crazy plan. Manu counts on the help of the frog Duque and the troubled João in their disastrous adventures.

The soundtrack is composed by the guitarist Alessandro Penezzi and is entirely based on choro and its aspects.

Manu is the newest Fairy Godmother of the Enchanted Kingdom. Her grandmother, an experienced and powerful Fairy, is retiring and Manu came to take the job with her magic wand, which is actually a colorful umbrella. She has all the qualities needed to become a great Fairy Godmother: she is brave, impetuous, she has a great heart and plenty of energy to get her hands dirty and help others. However, Manu thinks he already knows everything. Her excitement and anxiety is so great that she wants to take action right away. She runs over and ends up taking actions that only make the situation worse and then she has to double her efforts to correct her mistakes.
João - João is paranoid, afraid and scared. But his persecution mania is justified, after all, he has been the target of witches, stepmothers and giants countless times. He knows a lot about the Enchanted Kingdom. And, despite exaggerating the dangers and inflating the world's problems, it serves as a source of information in the daily life of SOS Fairy Manu.

Duke is the most rogue frog in the Kingdom. He invented his name and title to convince the world that he is a bewitched Prince. His speech makes him charming, with his cleverness and his soft words, he gets everything he wants. He has a hope that when Manu officially becomes the Fairy Godmother of the Kingdom, she will turn him into a handsome, easy-living prince.

The Witch Valquíria, like Manu, inherited her position in the Enchanted Kingdom from her grandmother. Her ambition has no limits: she wants to become the best witch of all time. In other words: she wants to be the worst witch of all time. His greatest joy is to cause fear in the inhabitants of the Kingdom. And his weakness is being extremely vain. It has thousands of creams and potions for skin and hair.

Granny is Manu's grandmother. She is a retired and experienced fairy, who usually helps her granddaughter with some spell problems.
Alfredo - Manu's father. He is a naive and clumsy man who is always in a good mood. It always comes up with a new job every episode.

Decision stream graph

Decision stream is a directed acyclic graph of decision rules for classification and regression tasks (Fig. 1). This decision tree based method avoids the problem of data exhaustion in terminal nodes by merging of leaves from the same/different levels of predictive model. 
Decision stream provides:
– High accuracy due to the precise splitting of data with unpaired two-sample test statistics.

– Decrease of overfitting due to partition of data only into statistically representative groups.

– Reduction of complexity on every level of predictive model.

– Self-regulated depth of predictive model.

Nina Ivanova

Nina Ivanova (6 January 1934 – 1 December 2020) was a Russian-Soviet actress. She was born in Moscow. Ivanova's career began in 1944. Her best known roles were in "Once There Was a Girl" (1944), "Spring on Zarechnaya Street" (1956), "An Easy Life" (1964) and "There Is Such a Lad" (1964).

Ivanova died on 1 December 2020 in Moscow at the age of 86.

Mickaël Bethe-Selassié

Mickaël Bethe-Selassié (15 February 1951 – 5 December 2020) was an Ethiopian sculptor. He was known for his work in papier mâché. Many of his works were seen at the National Museum of African Art in Washington, D.C..

Bethe-Selassié died on 5 December 2020 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 69.


Marilyn Lewis

Marilyn Stoughton Lewis (July 19, 1931 – December 7, 2020) was an American politician. She was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1979 to 1982. Lewis was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

She was married to Andrew L. Lewis Jr..

Lewis died on December 7, 2020, in Lansdale, Pennsylvania at age 89.

Wallace Barnes

Wallace Barnes (March 22, 1926 – December 10, 2020) was an American businessman and politician. He was born in Bristol, Connecticut. Barnes was a member of the Republican Party. He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from 1959 to 1971. He was married to Barbara Franklin.

Barnes died in Washington, D.C. on December 10, 2020, at the age of 94.

Rafael Ramón Conde Alfonzo

Rafael Ramón Conde Alfonzo (13 July 1943 – December 10, 2020) was a Venezuelan Roman Catholic bishop. Conde Alfonzo was born in Caracas. He became a priest in 1968. He was titular bishop of "Bapara" and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Caracas from 1995 to 1997.

He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of La Guaira from 1997 to 1999. He then became bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Margarita from 1999 to 2008 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Maracay from 2008 to 2009.

Conde Alfonzo died at the age of 77 on 10 December 2020 from pancreatic cancer in Maracay.

Maracay

Maracay () is a city in north-central Venezuela. It is the capital of the state of Aragua. About 955,362 people lived here in 2011.


Andrzej Skowroński

Andrzej Skowroński (16 November 1953 – 10 December 2020) was a Polish rower. He competed in the men's quadruple sculls event at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born in Kraków, Poland.

Skowroński died on 10 December 2020 in Kraków at the age of 67.

Per Carlsen (diplomat)

Per Carlsen (1948 – December 2020) was a Danish politician. He was the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Kingdom of Denmark to Latvia from 2010 through 2015. Before 2010 he was the Danish ambassador to the Russian Federation.

Carlsen died in December 2020 in Copenhagen at the age of 72.

Luis de Góngora

Luis de Góngora y Argote (born Luis de Argote y Góngora) was a Spanish poet and Catholic priest. Góngora and his lifelong rival, Francisco de Quevedo, are widely considered the most prominent Spanish poets of all time.

Góngora was born to a noble family in Córdoba, where his father, Francisco de Argote, was a "corregidor" (judge). He adopted the surname of his mother, Leonor de Góngora, to preserve his Christian lineage (limpieza de sangre). In 1586, at 25 years old, Góngora became a prebendary of Córdoba Cathedral, taking the post of his uncle, Don Francisco. In 1605, he was ordained priest, and afterwards, lived at Valladolid and Madrid. Then, in 1617, he was appointed honorary chaplain to King Philip III of Spain.

He maintained a long feud with Francisco de Quevedo, with both poets writing many pieces attacking one another. Quevedo criticized him for his large nose, passion for gambling, and even accused Góngora of Sodomy, which was a capital crime in 17th century Spain. This angry feud ended when Quevedo bought the house Góngora lived in solely to eject him from it. In 1626, a severe illness which impaired Góngora's memory forced him to return to Córdoba, where he died the following year. An edition of his poems was published almost immediately after his death by Juan López de Vicuña.
Hydrophobe

Hydrophobe is a term from chemistry for a substance that does not mix with water. Examples of such substances are different types of vegetable oils, and fats. Many hydrophobic substances are lipophiles, they mix with fats and oils easily.

Ann Reinking

Ann Reinking (November 10, 1949 – December 12, 2020) was an American actress, dancer, and choreographer. Reinking was born in Seattle, Washington.

Reinking acted in "Coco" (1969), "Over Here!" (1974), "Goodtime Charley" (1975), "Chicago" (1977), "Dancin'" (1978) and "Sweet Charity" (1986). She won a Tony Award for Best Choreography in 1996. 

For the 2000 West End production of "Fosse", she won the Olivier Award for Best Theatre Choreographer. 

She was in the movies "All That Jazz" (1979), "Annie" (1982), and "Micki & Maude" (1984).

Reinking died on December 12, 2020 in Seattle at the age of 71.

Robert Bloxom

Robert Spurgeon Bloxom Sr. (April 26, 1937 – December 13, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 1978 to 2004. Bloxom was the State Secretary of Agriculture and Forestry from 2005 to 2010. Bloxom was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Bloxom died on December 13, 2020 in Mappsville, Virginia at the age of 83.

Mappsville, Virginia

Mappsville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. About 440 people lived here since the 2010 Census.

Copperhead

Copperhead may refer to:










Jorge Bruni

Jorge Bruni (1941 – 13 December 2020) was an Uruguayan politician. He was the Minister of the Interior from 2009 to 2010 during the Tabaré Vázquez presidency. He was a member of the Broad Front Party.

Bruni died on 13 December 2020 in Montevideo at the age of 79.

Barry Sonshine

Barry Sonshine (1 February 1948 – 13 December 2020) was a Canadian equestrian. He competed in two events at the 1968 Summer Olympics. Sonshine was born in Toronto. 

Sonshine died in Toronto on 13 December 2020 at the age of 72.

Antihistamine

Antihistamines are drugs which treat allergic rhinitis and other allergies. 

Usually people take antihistamines as an over-the-counter drug , with few side effects. It is for relief from nasal congestion, sneezing, or hives. These symptoms may be caused by pollen, dust mites, or allergy to animals. 

Antihistamines are usually for short-term treatment. Chronic allergies increase the risk of health problems which antihistamines might not treat, including asthma, sinusitis, and respiratory tract infections near the lungs. Consultation of a medical professional is recommended for those who intend to take antihistamines for longer-term use.

Although people use the word “antihistamine” to describe drugs for treating allergies, doctors and scientists use the term to describe a class of drug that opposes the activity of histamine receptors in the body. In this sense of the word, antihistamines are subclassified according to which histamine receptor they act upon.

Herman Asaribab

Herman Asaribab (10 June 1964 – 14 December 2020) was an Indonesian Papuan military officer. He was the Commander of the 17th Military Regional Command/Cenderawasih from August 2019 to November 2020. Asaribab was born in Jayapura, West Irian. 

Asaribab died on 14 December 2020 in Jakarta at the age of 56.

Mamye BaCote

Mamye Edmondson BaCote (February 18, 1939 – December 14, 2020) was an American politician. She was a member of the Democratic Party. She was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates, representing the 95th District from 2004 to 2016. BaCote was born in Halifax, Virginia.

BaCote died on December 14, 2020 in Newport News, Virginia at the age of 81.

Eric Freeman (cricketer)

Eric "Fritzy" Freeman (13 July 1944 – 14 December 2020) was an Australian cricketer. He played in 11 Tests from 1968 to 1970. He was also a leading Australian rules footballer with Port Adelaide Football Club, playing 116 games between 1964 and 1972. Freeman was born in Semaphore, South Australia.

Freeman died on 14 December 2020 from a heart attack at the age of 76.

Roddam Narasimha

Roddam Narasimha (20 July 1933 – 14 December 2020) was an Indian aerospace scientist and fluid dynamicist. He was a Professor of Aerospace Engineering at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc) from 1962 to 1999. He was Director of the National Aerospace Laboratories (NAL) from 1984 to 1993 and the Chairman of the Engineering Mechanics Unit at Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research from 2000 to 2014.

Narasimha died of a cerebral hemorrhage on 14 December 2020 in Bangalore, Karnataka at the age of 87.

Marcelo Veiga

Marcelo Castelo Veiga (7 October 1964 – 14 December 2020), commonly known as Marcelo Veiga, was a Brazilian professional football manager and player. He played for Santos, Internacional, Goiás, Bahia and Portuguesa.

He managed Bragantino. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil.

Veiga died on 14 December 2020, aged 56 in Bragança Paulista, from COVID-19.

Ungku Abdul Aziz

Ungku Abdul Aziz bin Ungku Abdul Hamid (28 January 1922 – 15 December 2020) was an English-born Malaysian economist. He was the First General Director of the Council on Language and Literature of Malaysia from 1956 to 1957. Aziz was the former Vice-Chancellor of the University of Malaya from 1968 to 1988. He was born in London.

Aziz died on 15 December 2020 in Kuala Lumpur at the age of 98.


Deserts of Australia

The deserts of Australia cover , or 18% of the Australian mainland. 

However, about 35% of Australia gets so little rain it is actually a desert. The deserts in Australia are mainly in the Australian Shield and interior lowlands of the country.

By international standards, Australian deserts receive relatively high rates of rainfall. They are not necessarily devoid of vegetation: they have large areas where vegetation is very limited in height or extent.

Rainfall is mainly in the North and East of the country (especially the Daintree Rainforest), with some in the southern area. Almost all rain falls on the edges of the huge island, not in the centre.

Milomir Odović

Milomir Odović "Oda" (26 March 1955 – 15 December 2020) was a Bosnian professional football manager and player. He was known for playing and managing Bosnian Premier League club Željezničar.

Odović died on 15 December 2020 in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, two years after being diagnosed with cancer at the age of 65.

Zoltan Sabo

Zoltan Sabo (, ; 26 May 1972 — 15 December 2020) was a Serbian professional footballer. He played as a defender. He also held Hungarian citizenship.

Sabo played for Hajduk Kula, Vojvodina, and Partizan. Sabo began his managerial career at the helm of his hometown club Radnički Sombor in October 2009.

Sabo died on 15 December 2020 in Sremska Kamenica, Serbia from pulmonary embolism-related problems at the age of 48.

Roupa Nova

Roupa Nova "(lit. "New Clothes")" is a Brazilian soft rock band. They had many hits in the 1980s and early 1990s. They are often compared to American band Toto.

The band was formed in 1970, under the name "Os Famks". 

Department of Health and Social Care

The Department of Health and Social Care is a department of the British Government. It is responsible for the health of people in England, mostly via the National Health Services. Its head is known as the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care. The main offices are in London and Leeds.

The National Health Services in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are run as separate organizations.

It runs:
They cover the whole of the United Kingdom.

They cover England and Wales.

They only cover England.

Valkyrae

Rachell Hofstetter (born January 8, 1992) is an American YouTuber and live streamer. She uses the online name Valkyrae, She was born in Washington. 

She began a gaming channel on Instagram and later moved to Twitch. She is the first female gamer and content creator for 100 Thieves. She supports female gamers. 

On January 13, 2020, Valkyrae left Twitch for YouTube.

Corpse Husband

Corpse Husband, also known as Corpse, (born August 8, 1997) is an American internet personality and musician. He creates his work on YouTube where he does not show his face but only records his voice. He makes horror story narrations and Let's Play content. He has become well known for streaming gameplay of the video game Among Us on YouTube.

In October 2020, he worked with U.S. representatives Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Ilhan Omar along with several other streamers including Disguised Toast, HasanAbi, Pokimane, and Valkyrae for a session of "Among Us" as part of a get-out-the-vote motivation movement for the 2020 United States presidential election. 

Fargo (season 1)

The first season of the anthology black comedy–crime drama television series "Fargo". Its first episode was released on April 15, 2014, on FX. This season stars Billy Bob Thornton, Allison Tolman, Colin Hanks and Martin Freeman.

It is set in January 2006 and it is about hitman Lorne Malvo (Thornton) who stops at a hospital in Bemidji, Minnesota after a car accident and motivates insurance salesman Lester Nygaard (Freeman) with his violent ways. Their meeting starts a series of murders throughout the city. Meanwhile, Deputy Molly Solverson (Tolman) of Bemidji and Officer Gus Grimly (Hanks) of Duluth try to solve several crimes across the state that they believe may be related to Malvo and Nygaard. 

The season received strong positive reviews and was nominated for many Emmy Awards.

Fargo (season 2)

The second season of "Fargo", an American anthology black comedy–crime drama television series created by Noah Hawley. It premiered on October 12, 2015 on FX. The ten-episode season's finale aired on December 14, 2015. 

This season stars Kirsten Dunst, Patrick Wilson, Jesse Plemons, Jean Smart, and Ted Danson. 

Cristin Milioti, Brad Garrett, Elizabeth Marvel, Jeffrey Donovan, Rachel Keller, Zahn McClarnon, Bokeem Woodbine, and Nick Offerman all make recurring appearances. Kieran Culkin guest stars.

This season is a prequel to the events in its first season. In season two of "Fargo", it takes place in March 1979. It is about the lives of a young couple—Peggy (Dunst) and Ed Blumquist (Plemons) as they try to cover up the hit and run and homicide of Rye Gerhardt. Ray is part of the Gerhardt crime family. 

During this time, Minnesota state trooper Lou Solverson (Wilson), and Rock County sheriff Hank Larsson (Danson), investigate three homicides linked to Rye. 

"Fargo" was thought to among the best television shows of 2015. On Rotten Tomatoes, the second season holds a 100% score based and is thought to be the best season of the "Fargo" series.

Lipophile

A lipophile is a chemical substance that mixes easily with vegetable oil and fat. An example of such a substance is petroleum. Many lipophiles are also hydrophobes.

Fargo (season 3)

The third season of "Fargo", an American anthology dark comedy–crime drama television series created by Noah Hawley. It premiered on April 19, 2017, on FX. The season had ten episodes. The season ended on June 21, 2017.

The third season is set between 2010 and 2011 in three Minnesota towns: St. Cloud, Eden Valley, and Eden Prairie.

It is the first season not to include Fargo, North Dakota. It is about couple, Ray Stussy (Ewan McGregor) and Nikki Swango (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), who, after unsuccessfully trying to rob Ray's brother Emmit (also played by McGregor), become involved in a double murder case. 

One of the victims is an old man with a mysterious past whose stepdaughter, Gloria Burgle (Carrie Coon), is a policewoman. This happens when Emmit tries to separate from a criminal organization he borrowed money from a year before owned by V. M. Varga (David Thewlis) wants to stop him. 

The third season had strong positive reviews On Rotten Tomatoes, it has a 93% approval with many liking McGregor's performance.

Fargo (season 4)

The fourth season of "Fargo", an American anthology black comedy–crime drama television series created by Noah Hawley. It premiered on September 27, 2020, on FX and ended on November 29, 2020. It has about 11 episodes. 

The fourth season is set in 1950 in Kansas City. It shows the crime war between to mafia organizations. Chris Rock plays Loy Cannon, the head of a crime mafia made up of black criminals trying to escape from the Jim Crow South.

The season was originally scheduled to premiere on April 19, 2020, but it was pushed back because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

It has a 81% approval from Rotten Tomatoes, and is the lowest rated season from the entire "Fargo" series.

Eden Valley, Minnesota

Eden Valley is a city in Meeker and Stearns counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota. About 1,027 lived here since the 2020 census.

Luverne, Minnesota

Luverne () is a city in Rock County, Minnesota, United States. About 4,946 lived here since the 2020 census. It is the county seat.

Allison Tolman

Allison Cara Tolman (born November 18, 1981) is an American actress. She played Molly Solverson in the first season of the FX television series "Fargo".

Noah Hawley

Noah Hawley (born ) is an American television writer and producer, screenwriter, and bestselling author. He created and wrote the FX television series "Fargo" (2014–present) and "Legion" (2017–2019). 

Kathrine Narducci

Kathrine Narducci (born November 22, 1965) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Charmaine Bucco, Artie Bucco's wife, in the HBO crime drama series "The Sopranos" (1999–2007). Her movie credits include "A Bronx Tale" (1993), "Chicago Overcoat" (2009), "Jersey Boys" (2014), "The Wizard of Lies" (2017), "Bad Education" (2019), "The Irishman" (2019) and "Capone" (2020).

Narducci was born to an Italian-American family in East Harlem, New York City. Her father, Nicky Narducci, was a bar owner and organized crime figure in East Harlem. He was killed in a Mafia-related murder when Kathrine was ten years old.

Virgin Orbit

Virgin Orbit is a company in the Virgin Group that will provide a for small satellites to be put into space. The company was made in 2017 to create the LauncherOne rocket, which would be launched from an airplane. 

They currently have have made one try to go to space on May 25, 2020, which did not work. They will try again no earlier than December 19, 2020

Virgin Orbit's Website 

Great Bitter Lake

The Great Bitter Lake (; transliterated: al-Buhayrah al-Murra al-Kubra) is a saltwater lake in Egypt. Today, it is part of the Suez Canal, which connects it to the Mediterranean and the Red Sea. It is connected to the Small Bitter Lake (Arabic: البحيرة المرة الصغرى; transliterated: al-Buhayrah al-Murra as-Sughra), through which the canal also runs. Before the canal was built (1869), the site was a dry salt valley or basin. Even the ancient Pyramid Texts mention it. Ships traveling through the Suez Canal use the Great Bitter Lake as a "passing lane", where they can change their position in line or turn around.

The place where the Great Bitter Lake is located used to be a dry salt valley. This still influences the salinity of the lake. Starting with the Six-Day War (1967), the Suez Canal was closed for eight years. During this time, the salinity of the lake increased a lot. It depends on how much seawater flows into it from the Red and the Mediterranean seas. Even when the canal is open, the Great Bitter Lake has a salinity level "more than twice" the level of the sea. While this makes it difficult for plant life to exist there, many species (of crabs, for example) migrate from the Red Sea through the area.

As the Suez canal has no locks, sea water flows freely into the lake from the Mediterranean and the Red Sea. In general, north of the lakes, the current changes seasonally, it flows to the north in winter, and south in summer. South of the lakes, the current is tidal, changing with the tides in the Red Sea.

Many fish migrate from south to north through the canal. This is known as Lessepsian migration. It means that certain Red Sea species have come to colonize the eastern Mediterranean.

On 14 February 1945, in the last year of World War II, Great Bitter Lake was the site of the Quincy Agreement. U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt, directly after the Yalta Conference with Winston Churchill and Joseph Stalin, met Saudi Arabia's King Abdulaziz on board the naval cruiser USS "Quincy".

President Roosevelt's interpreter was U.S. Marine Corps Colonel Bill Eddy, who recorded the men's conversation in his book "FDR Meets Ibn Saud". The meeting is the subject of a BBC documentary by Adam Curtis, "called Bitter Lake" (2015).

During the Six-Day War in 1967, the canal was closed. Egypt kept it closed until 1975, trapping 15 ships in the lake. These ships became known as the "Yellow Fleet", because of the desert sands which soon covered their decks. The crews of the ships would eventually organize, share resources, and later set up their own post office and stamp. Two German-flagged ships eventually sailed out of the canal on their own power. Stranded cargo included various perishables (such as eggs and fruit), T-shirts, and a load of toys destined for Woolworth's.

Pyramid Texts

Pyramid Texts is the name for several religious texts, found on the wall of several pyramids of the 5th and 6th and 8th dynasties. They are the biggest corpus of Ancient Egyptian texts.

Ilinden Uprising

The Ilinden Uprising (, , ) was an uprising organized by the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization in the Ottoman Empire. The uprising was against Ottoman rule.

The uprising lasted from 2 August 1903 to November 1903. The name of the uprising comes from the Christian Orthodox holy day of Ilinden on which the revolt began. Ultimately the uprising was crushed by the better equipped and much larger Ottoman army. The casualties on both sides were small however a large number of people were made homeless, the majority of which number around 30,000 fled to Bulgaria.

Provisional government was established in the town of Kruševo, where the insurgents proclaimed the "Kruševo Republic", which was overrun after just ten days, on August 12. On August 19, a closely related uprising organized by Thracian revolutionaries in the Adrianople Vilayet led to the liberation of a large area in the Strandža Mountains, and the creation of a provisional government in Vassiliko, the "Strandža Republic". This lasted about twenty days before being put down by the Turks. The insurrection also affected the vilayets of Kosovo and Salonika. 

Seychellois Creole

Seychellois Creole is the main language spoken in the country of the Seychelles. It is a type of creole language.

The Mod Squad

The Mod Squad is an American crime drama series, originally broadcast for five seasons on ABC from September 24, 1968, to March 1, 1973. 


Ministry of Defence

The Ministry of Defence or Defense (see spelling differences), may also be known as a Department of Defence or Defense. This is the name for the part of government responsible for matters of defence.

These departments are found in states where the government is divided into ministries or departments. The department usually includes all branches of the military, and is usually controlled by a Defence Minister, Minister of Defence, or Secretary of Defense. The department is often referred to by the initials MoD (UK) or DoD (USA).

Mod

Mod, MOD or mods may refer to:










The Gay Divorcee

The Gay Divorcee is a 1934 American musical movie directed by Mark Sandrich and was based on the 1932 musical of the same name by Dwight Taylor. It stars Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Alice Brady, Edward Everett Horton, Eric Blore, Erik Rhodes, Betty Grable and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was nominated for 5 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1935.


Eastern Conference (MLS)

The Eastern Conference is one of Major League Soccer's two conferences. The other is the Western Conference.

^ – MLS did not have draws until the 2000 season.
† – Miami Fusion were declared winners of the Eastern Division in 2001 after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks forced the cancellation of the rest of the regular season. The MLS Cup Playoffs began on September 20.



The Champ (1979 movie)

The Champ is a 1979 American drama movie directed by Franco Zeffirelli and is the remake of the 1931 movie of the same name. It stars Jon Voight, Ricky Schroder, Faye Dunaway, Jack Warden, Joan Blondell, Strother Martin and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1980.


Common green frog

The common green frog, leaf frog red-eared frog, golden-lined frog, green paddy frog, common greenback, green lotus frog, or greenbacked frog ("Hylarana erythraea") is a frog from Laos, Cambodia, Indonesia, Borneo, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Myanmar, Vietnam, and India. It also lives in the Philippines and Sulawesi because human beings brought it there. This frog can live as high in the hills as 1200 meters above sea level.

The adult female frog is 78 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult male frog is 48 mm long. They can be light green or dark green with a lighter belly. Some of the frogs are blue.

Huw Irranca-Davies

Ifor Huw Irranca-Davies (' Davies; born 22 January 1963) is a Welsh Labour and Co-operative politician. He has been the Member of the Senedd for Ogmore since 2016. He was also the Member of Parliament (MP) for Ogmore from 2002 to 2016.

Irranca-Davies was born in Gowerton, Swansea. He was named after his step great-uncle, Ifor Davies, also a Welsh Labour politician. On marriage, he and wife Joanna Irranca both changed their surnames to Irranca-Davies.

The Son Also Draws

"The Son Also Draws" is the 6th episode of the first season of Family Guy. It originally aired on Fox in the United States on May 9, 1999. The episode is about Chris getting kicked out of the Boy Scouts (the episode calls it "Youth Scouts"). Peter drives the family to Scout headquarters to get Chris back in. During a rest stop at a Native American casino, Lois gambles away the family car. Peter pretends to be a member of the tribe in an attempt to get the car back, and is sent on a vision quest to prove his heritage, giving him and Chris an opportunity to bond.

Chris wants to leave the Youth Scouts but does not want to tell his father Peter. Chris is later kicked out of the Youth Scouts. Peter takes Chris and the family to Manhattan, where the headquarters of the Youth Scouts is. Brian stays at the house and watches "One Day at a Time". He becomes less smart after watching some episodes. 

Peter needs to go to a bathroom, so they go to a Native American casino. Lois gets a gambling addiction and loses the family's car. Peter tries to get the car back by pretending he is a Native American. The Indians who work at the casino tell Peter to go on a vision quest to show that he really is a Native American. Chris goes with Peter into the wilderness. This is so that he can tell Peter he wants to draw instead of be with the Youth Scouts. Peter becomes so hungry in the wilderness that he starts to see talking trees. Fonzie appears in the sky and gets Peter to see Chris as a good artist. Peter and Chris go back to the casino and get their car back. At the end of the episode, the family talks about what Native Americans, Mexicans, and Swedes have achieved in life. Peter then says that "Canada sucks."

"The Son Also Draws" was written by Ricky Blitt. Niel Affleck is the director of the episode. Alex Borstein (voice actor of Lois) helped write the episode. Seth MacFarlane (creator of the show) thought she was helpful on writing for what Lois does in the episode. The part of the story where Lois loses the family's car was based on the movie "Lost in America". The part with Peter trying to be an Indian to get the family car back is similar to real events. People say that they are 1/64th of a Native American so that they can get money from casinoes. Suzie Plakson, Kevin Michael Richardson, Fred Tatasciore, Wally Wingert, Bobby Slayton, Butch Hartman, and Patrick Bristow were guest stars for the episode.

Ahsan Haque from IGN thought that the episode was not an "instant classic" like the other episodes of the first season, but is "still quite strong". He said that the episode did not have as many "laugh out loud moments" but has more "bolder" humor. Robin Pierson of "The TV Critic" thought that the episode was "very poor" and that the story was not focused. The episode's ending with Peter saying "Canada sucks" made Canadians who watched the episode angry.


The Treasure of the Sierra Madre

The Treasure of the Sierra Madre is a 1948 American Mexican adventure drama movie directed by John Huston and was based on the 1927 novel of the same name by B. Traven. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Walter Huston, Tim Holt, Bruce Bennett, Barton MacLane, Alfonso Bedoya and was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Oscars and won 3 Academy Awards in 1949.


The Bribe

The Bribe is a 1949 American crime drama movie directed by Robert Z. Leonard and Vincente Minnelli and was based on the 1947 short story of the same name by Frederick Nebel. It stars Robert Taylor, Ava Gardner, Charles Laughton, John Hodiak and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Metro Trains Melbourne

Metro Trains Melbourne is the branding name of the operator of the train system in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. They have been operating the network since 2009.

The Lost Patrol (1934 movie)

The Lost Patrol is a 1934 American World War I movie directed by John Ford and is the second adaption of the 1927 novel "Patrol" by Philip MacDonald. It stars Victor McLaglen, Boris Karloff, Wallace Ford, Reginald Denny, Alan Hale Sr., Billy Bevan, Brandon Hurst and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1935.


Jean Cottard

Jean Cottard (14 July 1926 – 1 December 2020) was a French fencer. He earned his Master of Arms at Fort Carré in 1949. He became the first National Technical Director of France in 1964. He was a member of the French Federation of Fencing from 1988 until his death. Cottard was born in Paris.

Cottard died on 1 December 2020 in Antibes, France at the age of 94.

Bernard Vogler

Bernard Vogler (30 April 1935 – 2 December 2020) was a French academic and historian. He was a professor at the University of Strasbourg. He was a specialist in the History of Alsace from the 15th to the 20th Centuries. Vogler was born in Obermodern-Zutzendorf, France.

Vogler was a member of the Comité des travaux historiques et scientifiques from 1989 to 2000 and was vice-president of the International Commission for Comparative Ecclesiastical History from 1975 to 2001. He was President of the University of the Third Age from 2004 to 2008.

Vogler died on 2 December 2020 in Strasbourg, France at the age of 85.

Kaj Ikast

Kaj Ikast (22 December 1935 – 3 December 2020) was a Danish Conservative politician. He was a member of the Folketing from 1985 to 2005 and was the Minister of Transport from 1990 to 1993.

Ikast died on 3 December 2020 at the age of 84.

Adil Ismayilov

Adil Alviz oglu Ismayilov (; 5 July 1957 – 3 December 2020) was an Azerbaijani lawyer, jurist and investigator. He was a member of the Azerbaijani Bar Association. Ismayilov was part of the most well-known trials in Azerbaijan during the 1990s and 2000s. He was born in Goychay, Soviet Union.

Ismayilov died on 3 December 2020 from COVID-19 in Baku, Azerbaijan at the age of 63.

Gérard Gourgue

Gérard Gourgue (1 December 1925 – 4 December 2020) was a Haitian politician and human rights activist. He ran for President in 1988. He was born in Port-au-Prince. He was a member of the Haitian National Council of Government from February 1986 to March 1986.

Gourgue died on 4 December 2020 in Port-au-Prince at the age of 95.

Pierre Bernard (Tarn politician)

Pierre Bernard (6 June 1934 – 5 December 2020) was a French politician. He was born in Alban, France. He was a member of the Socialist Party. He was Mayor of Trébas from 1970 to 2001. From 1980 to 1993, he was a member of the National Assembly.

Bernard died on 5 December 2020 in Trébas at the age of 86.

Trébas

Trébas is a commune in the Tarn department and Occitanie region of southern France.

Alban, Tarn

Alban is a commune of the Tarn department in southern France.

Phyllis Eisenstein

Phyllis Eisenstein (February 26, 1946 – December 7, 2020) was an American author of science fiction and fantasy short stories and novels. She was nominated for both the Hugo Award and Nebula Award. Eisenstein was born in Chicago. Her best known works were "Born to Exile" (1977), "Sorcerer's Son" (1979) and "The Crystal Palace" (1988).

Eisenstein died on December 7, 2020 in Chicago from COVID-19 and a stroke at the age of 74.

Jimmy McLane

James Price McLane Jr. (September 13, 1930 – December 13, 2020) was an American competition swimmer. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. McLane won two golds and a silver medal at the 1948 Summer Olympics and one gold medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics. 

McLane died at his home in Ipswich, Massachusetts on December 13, 2020, at the age of 90.

Paul Wass

Paul Wass (July 7, 1925 – December 13, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1977 to 1990. Wass was born in Young Township, Pennsylvania. 

Wass died on December 13, 2020 in Indiana, Pennsylvania at the age of 95.

Young Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania

Young Township is a township in Indiana County, Pennsylvania, United States. About 1,688 people as of the 2020 census. 

Florida's 1st congressional district

Florida's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Florida. It is in the state's western Panhandle. It includes all of Escambia, Okaloosa, Santa Rosa, and Walton counties and portions of Holmes county. 

The district is currently represented by Republican Matt Gaetz.

Paulo César dos Santos

Paulo César dos Santos (September 6, 1952 – December 14, 2020), better known as Paulinho, was a Brazilian singer and percussionist. He was a member of the group Roupa Nova. He was born in Rio de Janeiro.

Paulinho died at the age of 68, from multiple organ failure and cardiopulmonary arrest caused by COVID-19 in Rio de Janeiro.

Colic

Colic is a form of pain that starts and stops quickly and out of nowhere. It happens because muscular contractions of a hollow tube (colon, gall bladder, ureter, etc.). This is done to remove an obstruction by forcing content out. It may cause sweating and vomiting. 

Totilas

Totilas (May 23, 2000 – December 14, 2020), also known from 2006 to 2011 as Moorlands Totilas, and nicknamed "Toto", was a Dutch Warmblood stallion. Totilas was thought to be one of the most outstanding competitive dressage horses in the world. Totilas was retired from competition in August 2015.

Totilas died of colic on December 14, 2020 at the age of 20.

Seppo Vainio

Seppo Vainio (3 January 1937 – 14 December 2020) was a Finnish ice hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1960 Winter Olympics. He was born in Helsinki.

Vainio died on 14 December 2020 in Rauma, Finland at the age of 83.

Sudhir Chakraborty

Sudhir Chakravarti (19 September 1934 – 15 December 2020) was an Indian anthropologist and essayist. He was born in Shibpur, British India.

Chakravarti was known for his research works on Folk religion, Lalan Fakir and Cultural Anthropology in Bengal. He spent 30 years researching the folk culture by traveling to different villages all over the West Bengal. 
He was a professor of Bengali literature from 1958 to 1994. Chakravarti worked in Krishnagar Government College. He wrote and edited more than 85 books on many subjects like music, art, folk-religion, cultural anthropology. He was the editor of Bengali literary Magazine "Dhrubapada".

Chakraborty died on 15 December 2020 in Kolkata, India from a heart attack at the age of 86.

Donald Fowler

Donald L. Fowler (September 12, 1935 – December 15, 2020) was an American political scientist. He was National Chair of the Democratic National Committee from 1995 to 1997. He was born in Spartanburg, South Carolina. From 1971 to 1980, he was Chair of the South Carolina Democratic Party. 

Fowler died on December 15, 2020 from leukemia in Columbia, South Carolina at the age of 85.

Bruce Seals

Bruce A. Seals (June 18, 1953 – December 15, 2020) was an American basketball player. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. His career lasted from 1973 to 1984. Seals played for the Utah Stars, Seattle SuperSonics, Pallacanestro Varese and for Reyer Venezia. 

Seals died on December 15, 2020 in Boston, Massachusetts at the age of 67.

Petro Slobodyan

Petro Petrovych Slobodyan (, ; 2 July 1953 – 15 December 2020) was a Soviet-Ukrainian football player and manager. He was born in Sheparivtsi, Kolomyia Raion. He made two appearances for the Soviet Union national football team in 1976. 

Slobodyan died on 15 December 2020 at the age of 67.

Ian Armstrong (politician)

Ian Morton Armstrong (17 July 1937 – 16 December 2020) was an Australian politician. He was the Deputy Premier of New South Wales from 1993 to 1995. He was a member of the Parliament of New South Wales from 1981 to 2007. Armstrong was a member of the National Party.

Armstrong died on 16 December 2020 at the age of 83.

Caroline Cellier

Caroline Cellier (7 August 1945 – 15 December 2020) was a French actress. She was born in Montpellier, France. Her career lasted from 1964 to 2011. She was known for her roles in "This Man Must Die", "L'emmerdeur" and "A Thousand Billion Dollars".

From 1978 to 1992, Cellier was married to actor Jean Poiret. They had one child. 

Cellier died on 15 December 2020 at the age of 75.

Jean Poiret

Jean Poiret, born Jean Poiré, (17 August 1926 – 14 March 1992) was a French actor, director, and screenwriter. He was known as the author of the original play "La Cage aux Folles".

Leticia Lee

Leticia Lee See-yin (, 17 August 1964 – 16 December 2020) was a Hong Kong political activist. She was pro-China. Lee ran unsuccessfully in the 2016 Hong Kong legislative election. In 2018, Lee was accused of corruption. She had conservative views and her views of anti-LGBT rights made her controversial.

Lee died on 16 December 2020 at a Hong Kong hospital at the age of 56. She tested positive for COVID-19 in the simple test before she died but it's still not confirmed that she died from COVID-19.

Hanna Stankówna

Hanna Stanek-Lisowska (4 May 1938 – 14 December 2020) was a Polish actress. She was born in Poznań, Poland. She was known for her roles in "The Real End of the Great War", "Lokis" and "The Third Part of the Night".

Stankówna died on 14 December 2020 in Warsaw at the age of 82.

José María de la Torre Martín

José María de la Torre Martín (9 September 1952 – 14 December 2020) was a Mexican Roman Catholic bishop. De la Torres Martín was born in Mexico City. He became a priest in 1980. He was titular bishop of "Panatoria" and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guadalajara, Mexico from 2002 to 2008 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Aguascalientes, Mexico, from 2008 until his death in 2020.

De la Torre Martín died on 14 December 2020 from COVID-19 in Aguascalientes, Mexico at the age of 68.

Manuel Costas (footballer, born 1942)

Manuel Costas Sanromán (8 May 1942 – 15 December 2020) was a Spanish professional footballer. He played as a defender. Costas was born in Panxón, Spain. He played for Sevilla FC from 1963 to 1974. He also played for Recreativo de Huelva from 1964 to 1965. 

Costas died on 15 December 2020, aged 78.

Yaakov Agmon

Yaakov Agmon () (24 June 1929 – 16 December 2020) was an Israeli theater producer, manager, and director. He was born in Tel Aviv. He was director of United Jewish Appeal and also as a columnist and the secretary of the "Rimon" weekly publication.

In 1978, he founded Beit Lessin Theater. In 1995, Agmon was appointed general and artistic director of the Habima Theatre. In 2010, Agmon was appointed general manager of the Arabic-Hebrew theater of Jaffa.

Agmon died on 16 December 2020 at a hospital in Ramat Gan from COVID-19 at the age of 91.

Feng Duan

Feng Duan (; June 11, 1923 – 15 December 2020) was a Chinese physicist and politician. He was an expert in solid-state physics. He was a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences from 1980 until his death. He was a delegate to the National People's Congress from 1983 to 1994. Feng was born in Suzhou, Jiangsu.

Feng died on 15 December 2020 in Nanjing, Jiangsu at the age of 97.

Tesfaye Gessesse

Tesfaye Gessesse (September 27, 1937 – December 16, 2020) was an Ethiopian actor and theatre director. He was born in Addis Ababa. He became the General Director of Hager Fikir Theatre in 1974. In 1975, he was removed and sent to prison by the Derg government after his play "Iqaw" which criticized as state terrorism.

Gessesse died on 16 December 2020, at the age of 84.

David Byrd (politician)

David Byrd (born September 8, 1957) is an American politician and retired basketball coach. He is a Republican. Byrd represented the 71st district of the Tennessee House of Representatives since 2015. He was born in Waynesboro, Tennessee. 

On December 10, 2020 Byrd was hospitalized in Waynesboro with COVID-19 and placed in a ventilator.

Waynesboro, Tennessee

Waynesboro is a city in and the county seat of Wayne County, Tennessee, United States. 2,317 lived here since the 2020 census.

Wayne County, Tennessee

Wayne County is a county located in Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, 16,232 people lived here. Its county seat is Waynesboro.

Waldemaro Bartolozzi

Waldemaro Bartolozzi (26 October 1927 – 16 December 2020) was an Italian racing cyclist. He finished in ninth place in the 1956 Giro d'Italia. He was born in Scandicci, Italy.

Bartolozzi died on 16 December 2020 in Scandicci at the age of 93.

Scandicci

Scandicci () is a "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany. It is located about southwest of Florence.

Crystal Lowe

Crystal Lowe (born January 20, 1981) is a Canadian actress and model. She is best known for her roles in horror movies such as roles as "" (2001), "Final Destination 3" (2006), "Black Christmas" (2006) and "" (2007).

Kawasaki theorem

The Kawasaki theorem is a theorem relating to the mathematics of paper folding. It states that when folding paper, a figure will be flat, if and only if all of the angles have an alternating sum of zero.

Western Conference (MLS)

The Western Conference is one of Major League Soccer's two conferences. The other conference is the Eastern Conference.

^ – MLS did not have draws until the 2000 season.
† – The LA Galaxy were declared winners of the Western Division in 2001 after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks forced the cancellation of the rest of the regular season. The MLS Cup Playoffs began on September 20.



Taipei frog

The Taipei frog also referred to as Taipeh frog, Taipei grass frog, two-striped grass frog, striped slender frog, Taipei slender frog, Taipeh slender frog, white-banded frog, Taiwanese frog or stripe-backed frog ("Hylarana taipehensis") is a frog from China, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam. People have seen this frog as high as 800 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is 40 mm long from nose to rear end. It is bright yellow, green, brown, or mixed in color with some dark brown on the sides of its head. During the day, this frog stays where the trees are close to each other. It can live near humans, on farms and in cities.

Scientists do not think this frog is in danger of dying out right now, but there are fewer of them than there were. Scientists think it would be bad for the frog if human beings changed the place where they live too much. Chemicals that make farm plants grow, chemical poisons that kill pests, and pollution can all kill this frog.

La vida de Lazarillo de Tormes

The life of Lazarillo de Tormes and of his fortunes and adversities (more known like Lazarillo de Tormes) is an Spanish novel. It was written by an unknown author. It is written in first person and in epistolary style (like an single long letter). Its oldest known editions date from 1554. The book is an autobiographical form of the life of a boy, Lázaro of Tormes, in the 16th century, from his birth and miserable childhood until his wedding, already in the adulthood. It is considered a precursor of the picaresque novel due to elements such as realism, the narration in first person, the itinerant structure, the service to several masters and the moralistic and pessimistic ideology.

"Lazarillo de Tormes" is an ironic and merciless outline of the society of the moment, of which its vices and hypocritical attitudes are shown, especially the ones of the clergymen and religious. There are different hypothesis about its authorship. Probably the author was sympathetic to Erasmian ideas. This motivated the Inquisition to forbid it and, later, to allow its publication, once it was expunged. The work was not published again in its entirety until the 19th century.

Letterlike Symbols

Letterlike Symbols is a Unicode block (a group of symbols in Unicode). It has 80 symbols. Many of these symbols are used in mathematics and look like letters. 

Dressed to Kill (1980 movie)

Dressed to Kill is a 1980 American thriller movie directed by Brian De Palma and starring Michael Caine, Angie Dickinson, Nancy Allen, Keith Gordon, Dennis Franz, David Margulies. It was distributed by Filmways Pictures.


Julie Fisher

Julie D. Fisher is an American diplomat. In December 2020, the U.S. Senate unanimously approved her designation as ambassador to Belarus. She will be the first American ambassador to that country since 2008, when the United States withdrew its ambassador as part of political tensions between the two countries. Previously, Ms. Fisher had been the U.S. chargé d'affaires and acting ambassador to Russia. She served as Deputy Assistant Secretary at the Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs from September 1, 2018 until July 22, 2020 after being the Deputy Permanent Representative of the U.S. Mission to NATO.

As an undergraduate, Ms. Fisher majored in Russian and East European Studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. She has a Master’s degree from the Woodrow Wilson School for International Affairs at Princeton University.

Aydın Büyükşehir Belediyespor

Aydın Büyükşehir Belediyespor is the women's volleyball department of Aydın Büyükşehir Belediyespor Kulübü, a Turkish sports club based in Aydın, Turkey. Aydın Büyükşehir Belediyespor was established on 7 November 2014. The team plays its home matches at the Mimar Sinan Spor Salonu hall in Aydin.

Samdari

Samdari is a tehsil of Barmer district in Rajasthan, northern India.

According to the Indian Census 2011, the population of Samdari is 25012, where male population is 12805 and female population is 12207.

In 2007 is a break of gauge junction station on Indian Railways. Broad gauge lines go to Munabao and Jodhpur, while a metre gauge line subject to conversion goes to Bhildi. Now broad gauge has completed and passenger train has started from 16 October 2010.






Enclosed Alphanumerics

Enclosed Alphanumerics is a Unicode block (a group of symbols in Unicode). It has 160 symbols. Most of the symbols in the block are letters and numbers inside of circles or in parentheses. In the first Unicode plane (Basic Multilingual Plane), the blocks Dingbats and Enclosed CJK Letters and Months have more numbers inside of circles. In the next plane, the block Enclosed Alphanumeric Supplement has symbols of letters inside of more circles, parentheses, and squares.

Many of the symbols were made to be used as bullets when writing lists. The numbers and letters in parentheses were made to look like how typewriters showed numbers and letters in circles. Unicode was made to think that the characters in this block look different than similar copyright symbols (for example, the copyright symbol (left) and the enclosed C (right): © and Ⓒ). The circled S (Ⓢ) was used by German missionaries at around 1900 as a symbol for the ditto mark.

Eric Lopez

Eric Lopez (born April 20, 1978) is an Cuban-born American voice actor, best known for his voice role of Blue Beetle in "Young Justice". He was born in Havana, Cuba.

Lopez is the current voice of the Bumblebee Man in "The Simpsons".

Vinland

Vinland is an area of the coast of North America, which Leif Erikson discovered around AD 1000. The name appears in the Vinland Sagas. It probably describes Newfoundland and the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, as far north as New Brunswick. 

Note that the vines the name refers to could also have been blackcurrant. Even today, blackcurrant is called "Vinbär" ("wine-berry") in Swedish. In the north of Germany the name Weinbeere has been used to refer to blackcurrant, since the Middle Ages.The terms Meertrübli or Trübli (small grape) is still present in some southern German dialects, to refer to blackcurrant.

The first reference outside the Sagas is that of Adam of Bremen (1076) in his Gesta Hammaburgensis. He wrote: ""Praeterea unam adhuc insulam recitavit a multis in eo repertam occeano, quae dicitur Winland, eo quod ibi vites sponte nascantur, vinum optimum ferentes. Nam et fruges ibi non seminatas habundare, non fabulosa opinione, sed certa comperimus relatione Danorum."" This can be translated as: ""In addition [the king of the Danes] reports on one of many islands in the ocean, which is called Winland, because vines grow there wild, which produce wine. That there are fruit in abundance which have non been [planted], we have not known from an incredible rumour, but from the report of the Danes.""


Guaraní language

Guaraní is an Native American language from Paraguay. It is one of the two official languages of Paraguay, along with Spanish. Guaraní is written using the Guaraní alphabet.

Guaraní is one of the most widely spoken American languages. It is often used among the Paraguayan people and neighboring communities. This is unique among American languages. Language shift towards European colonial languages (in this case, Spanish) has been nearly universal in the Western Hemisphere. However, Paraguayans have kept their traditional language while also adopting Spanish.

Hugues Le Bars

Hugues Le Bars (13 October 1950 in Versailles Yvelines – 1 November 2014 in La Queue-les-Yvelines) was a French film music composer.

Calamites

Calamities were horsetail like trees that went extinct about 250 to 360 million years ago. These plants were medium-sized trees, growing to heights of 30-50 meters and about 100-160 feet. The trunk of these trees had an appearance like a bamboo trunk while the leaves were needle-shaped. These calamities reproduced by cloning

Cantar de mio Cid

The Cantar de mio Cid (Song of My Lord) is an anonymously written poem about the life of the Spanish knight El Cid. The original manuscript is believed to have been written around the year 1200.

It is the oldest Spanish epic poem that is nearly complete; the only missing pages are the first page along with 2 others within the writing. However, other accounts of the work have led historians to produce what is likely to have been in the missing segments. Along with this poem, there exists three other works chronicling the life of El Cid: "Mocedades de Rodrigo" (circa 1360), the "Cantar de Roncesvalles" (circa 1270), and an epitaph, the "Epitafio épico del Cid" (circa 1400).

The poem has literary significance, and is credited with being the original work of the discipline of the study of Spanish literature: the study has been given credit to historian Ramón Menéndez Pidal (1869-1968), who sparked interest in the work and popularized the study of Spanish literature.

Congress of the Republic of Guatemala

The Congress of the Republic () is the unicameral legislature of the Republic of Guatemala. The Guatemalan Congress is made up of 160 deputies who are elected to serve four-year terms. 

31 of the deputies are elected on a nationwide list, while the rest of the 127 deputies are elected in 22 multi-member constituencies.

Michigan's 2nd congressional district

Michigan's 2nd congressional district is a United States congressional district in Western Michigan. From 2003 to 2013, it was made-up of the counties of Benzie, Manistee, Wexford, Mason, Lake, Oceana, Newaygo, Muskegon, Ottawa, and the northern portion of Allegan and the northwest portion of Kent.


Zeeland, Michigan

Zeeland ( ) is a city in Ottawa County in the U.S. state of Michigan. About 5,719 lived here at the 2020 census.

Hudsonville, Michigan

Hudsonville is a city in Ottawa County in the U.S. state of Michigan. About 7,629 people lived here since the 2020 census.

Richard Laird

Richard Laird (July 4, 1939 – December 14, 2020) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives from 1978 to 2014. He was born in Rome, Georgia.

Laird died of COVID-19 on December 14, 2020, in Carrollton, Georgia at age 81.

Jack Page (politician)

John G. Page III (January 18, 1950 – December 14, 2020) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives from the 29th district from 1993 to 2010. He was born in Kokura, Kyushu, Japan.

Page died of COVID-19 on December 14, 2020, in Gadsden, Alabama at age 70.

Anthony Casso

Anthony Salvatore Casso (May 21, 1942 – December 15, 2020), nicknamed "Gaspipe", was an American mobster and former underboss of the Lucchese crime family. 

Casso was known as a "homicidal maniac" in the Italian-American Mafia. 

He is suspected of having done dozens of murders, and had confessed to involvement in between 15 and 36 murders.

Following his arrest in 1993, Casso became one of the highest-ranking members of the Mafia to turn informant. In 1998, sentenced him to 455 years in prison for racketeering, extortion, and murder.

Casso died on December 15, 2020 while in prison in Tucson, Arizona from COVID-19 at the age of 78.

Kálmán Sóvári

Kálmán Sóvári (21 December 1940 – 16 December 2020) was a Hungarian footballer. He played for Újpesti Dózsa as a defender. He played 17 games for the Hungary national football team from 1960 to 1966. He was born in Budapest.

Sóvári died on 16 December 2020 in Budapest at the age of 79.

Lorenzo Taliaferro

Lorenzo Taliaferro (December 23, 1991December 16, 2020) was an American football fullback. He played college football at Coastal Carolina. He was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in 2014. He was born in Yorktown, Virginia.

Taliaferro died on December 16, 2020 in Williamsburg, Virginia from a heart attack, aged 28.

Adela de Torrebiarte

Adela Ana María del Rosario Camacho Sinibaldi de Torrebiarte (March 30, 1949 – December 15, 2020) was a Guatemalan politician. She was born in Guatemala City, Guatemala. She was a member of the Commitment, Renewal and Order. 

She was Minister of the Interior from 2007 to 2008. De Torrebiarte was President of the National Football Federation from 2016 to 2017. In 2020, she became a member of the Congress of the Republic of Guatemala.

De Torrebiarte died of lung cancer in Guatemala City on 15 December 2020.

Renê Weber

Renê Carmo Kreuz Weber (16 July 1961 – 16 December 2020), was a Brazilian football player and manager. He was born in Roque Gonzales, Rio Grande do Sul. 

In 1986, he played for the national team. He mainly played for Fluminense and Vitória.

On 16 December 2020, Weber died in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 59 from COVID-19.

Sigillaria

Sigillaria is a lycopod fossil of the late Carboniferous and early Permian. They were typical coal forest trees similar to the "Lepidodendron". These swamp forest trees grew to 50 meters. They were anchored by an extensive network of branching underground roots. 

It was a lycopod, an early land plant. This was one of the trees which made up the Carboniferous coal-forests.

It had thin grasslike leaves that grew on the stem. The stem of the plant was green. Sigillaria reproduced with spores. It went extinct about 300 million years ago.

Hennadiy Kernes

Hennadiy Adolfovych Kernes (, 27 June 1959 – 17 December 2020) was a Ukrainian politician. In 2010, he became Mayor of Kharkiv. He was born in Kharkiv.

Kernes was hospitalized in September 2020 with COVID-19 in Berlin. He died on 17 December 2020 from kidney failure caused by COVID-19 at the age of 61.

Satya Deo Singh

Satya Deo Singh (27 February 1945 – 17 December 2020) was an Indian politician. He was elected to the Lok Sabha in 1991 and resigned in 1998. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was President of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha from 1980 to 1985. Singh was born in Kolkata, West Bengal.

Singh died on 17 December 2020 in Kolkata from cardiac arrest caused by COVID-19, aged 75.

Rosaly Papadopol

Rosaly Davidman Papadopol (23 February 1956 – 16 December 2020) was a Brazilian actress. She was born in São Paulo, São Paulo. Her career began in 1975. Papadopol was known for her roles as Florinda in the 1987 drama "Night Angels" and as Sofia in the 2001 crime "Bellini and the Sphinx".

Papadopol died of lymphoma on 16 December 2020 in São Paulo at the age of 64.

Stephen Tjephe

Stephen Tjephe (1 August 1955 – 16 December 2020) was a Burmese Roman Catholic prelate. Tjephe was born in Danoku, Myanmar. He became a priest in 1984. In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI made Tjephe the Titular Bishop of Nova Barbara. In 2015, Pope Francis made him Bishop of Loikaw.

Tjephe died on 16 December 2020 in Loikaw, Myanmar at the age of 65.

Penang F.C.

Penang Football Club (or simply known as Penang FC) is a Malaysian professional football club based in George Town, Penang that currently plays in the Malaysia Premier League.

It was unofficially founded in 1920. 


Namat Abdullah

Namat Abdullah (30 March 1946 – 17 December 2020) was a Malaysian football player. He was born in Penang, Malaysia. Abdullah played for Penang F.C. between 1967 and 1977. He also played for the national team between 1967 and 1975.

Abdullah died on 17 December 2020 in Perak, Malaysia from stomach cancer at the age of 74.

Maciej Grubski

Maciej Tomasz Grubski (20 August 1968 – 17 December 2020) was a Polish politician. He was a member of the Civic Platform. From 2007 to 2019, Grubski was a member of the Senate of Poland. Grubski was born in Łódź, Poland.

Grubski died on 17 December 2020 in Łódź from COVID-19 at the age of 52.

Happiest Season

Happiest Season is a 2020 American romantic comedy movie directed by Clea DuVall. The movie stars Kristen Stewart, Mackenzie Davis, Alison Brie, Aubrey Plaza, Dan Levy, Mary Holland, Victor Garber and Mary Steenburgen.

The movie is about a woman who has a hard time to tell her conservative parents that she is a Lesbian and in a relationship with her roommate during Christmas. 

It was released in the United States on November 25, 2020 by Hulu to strong positive reviews.

Michael Hogan (Canadian actor)

Michael Hogan (born 1949) is a Canadian actor. He is known for his roles as Colonel Saul Tigh in the 2004 "Battlestar Galactica" series, Billy in "The Peanut Butter Solution", the voice of Armando-Owen Bailey in the "Mass Effect" series, Gerard Argent in "Teen Wolf" and the voice of General Tullius in "".

On February 17, 2020, Hogan had a brain injury after falling and hitting his head which caused him to have memory loss and paralysis.

Ann Cusack

Ann Cusack (born May 22, 1961) is an American actress. She was born in New York City. Cusack is the sister of actors John Cusack and Joan Cusack. Cusack is known for her comedy roles in "A League of Their Own" (1992), "Multiplicity" (1996) and "The Informant!" (2009).


Mary Holland

Mary Holland (born June 24, 1985) is an American actress and comedian. She was born in Galax, Virginia. In 2015, Holland was cast in the Starz series "Blunt Talk", playing Shelly Tinkle. She also played Shawnee Tanz on "Veep".

Jeffrey Donovan

Jeffrey Thomas Donovan (born May 11, 1968) is an American actor. He played Michael Westen in the television series "Burn Notice".

He starred in the movies "Hitch", "Believe in Me", "Changeling" and "Come Early Morning". He played Robert F. Kennedy in Clint Eastwood's "J. Edgar" (2011) and his brother John F. Kennedy in Rob Reiner's "LBJ". 

He played Dodd in the second season of the TV series "Fargo" (2015).

Amesbury, Massachusetts

Amesbury is a city in Essex County, Massachusetts. About 17,366 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Bokeem Woodbine

Bokeem Woodbine (born April 13, 1973) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Mike Milligan on the second season of "Fargo", Daniel in season 2 of the WGN series "Underground" and Herman Schultz/Shocker in the movie "".

Royal Belgian Football Association

The Royal Belgian Football Association is the organization that controls football in Belgium. They won the FIFA Fair Play Award in 1992.



Group 8 element

Group 8 is a group of elements in the periodic table.

Group 8 has iron (Fe), ruthenium (Ru), osmium (Os) and hassium (Hs).

Group 8 is in the transition metals section.

Mekozhoor

Mekozhoor is a village in Kerala, Pathanamthitta. It is in the Panchayat called Mylapra.

Jacques Lambinon

Jacques Lambinon (born 28 September 1936 in Namur and died in Liège on 14 November 2015) was a Belgian botanist. He was a professor at the University of Liège and member of the Royal Academy of Sciences, Letters and Fine Arts of Belgium.

He is the main author of the "New Flora of Belgium, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, Northern France and neighbouring regions" which is used by thousands of students.

He was a recognized specialist of:


Among his very numerous functions, we can mention his role in the direction of the herbarium (Vascular plants) of the University of Liege.

He was a member of many scientific committees such as the Flore de Corse or the National Botanical Conservatory of Bailleul.

He was editor, proofreader and relentless proofreader, he was editorial secretary of "Lejeunia, Revue de Botanique", secretary of the Society for the Exchange of Vascular Plants of Europe and the Mediterranean Basin and correspondent (since 1983) of the Med-Checklist editorial committee (Geneva & Berlin).

Bacidia clauzadei sp.nov., une espèce nouvelle de lichen foliicole produisant des cils conidiogènes. Bulletin de la Société Linnéenne de Provence, 45:349-35

The non native vascular flora of Belgium Systematics and Geography of Plants 76: 217-220

Interstate 296

Interstate 296 (I-296) is an Interstate Highway near Grand Rapids in Kent County, Michigan, United States. It runs between the Interstate 196 near Downtown Grand Rapids; and the Interstate 96 in Walker. It is around long and is part of the U.S. Route 131 for most of the route. It first opened in December 1962, but is now not shown on signs and is only shown as the U.S. Route 131.

El cerco de Numancia

El cerco de Numancia (The siege of Numancia) is a tragedy written in 1585 by the Spanish writer and soldier Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra. It tells the story of the defeat of Numancia by the Roman Empire in the 2nd century BC.

The play is also known as "The Numancia", "Comedy of the siege of Numancia", "The destruction of Numancia" and "Tragedy of Numancia". Two handwritten copies of the play have survived. One copy is in the National Library of Spain which is an actor's script from the 17th century. Another copy, the codex "Sancho Rayón", is held by the Hispanic Society of America. This copy was made by Antonio of Sancha in 1784, with modern spelling, together with another play, the "Trip of the Parnaso". Both copies are believed to be based closely on the original, although the modern editors prefer to use "The Numancia" from the manuscript "Sancho Rayón".

Arizona (1940 movie)

Arizona is a 1940 American western movie directed by Wesley Ruggles and was based on the 1939 novel of the same name by Clarence Budington Kelland. It stars Jean Arthur, William Holden, Warren William, Porter Hall, Edgar Buchanan, George Chandler, Colin Tapley and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1941.


Too Many Husbands

Too Many Husbands is a 1940 American romantic comedy movie directed by Wesley Ruggles and was based on the 1919 play of the same name by W. Somerset Maugham. It stars Jean Arthur, Fred MacMurray, Melvyn Douglas, Harry Davenport, Dorothy Peterson, Meville Cooper and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1941.


Monster's Ball

Monster's Ball is a 2001 American romantic drama movie directed by Marc Forster and starring Billy Bob Thornton, Halle Barry, Heath Ledger, Peter Boyle, Sean Combs, Mos Def. It was distributed by Lionsgate Films and was nominated for 2 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 2002.


‎
Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence

Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence (Japanese: 戦場のメリークリスマス, Hepburn: Senjō no Merī Kurisumasu - "Merry Christmas on the Battlefield", also known in many European editions as , is a 1983 British Japanese New Zealand World War II movie directed by Nagisa Oshima and was based on the 1963 novel "The Seed and the Sower" by Laurens van der Post. It stars David Bowie, Jack Thompson, Tom Conti, Ryuichi Sakamoto, Takeshi Kitano, Alistair Browning, Yuya Uchida and won a BAFTA Award in 1984.


Cruel Story of Youth


Teairra Marí

Teairra Marquisha Thomas (born December 2, 1987) professionally known as Teairra Marí, is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, actress and model.

Marí was discovered by the American music mogul Jay Z while she was 16 years old. Jay Z signed her under his label Roc-A-Fella records. In the same year, she released her debut album, titled ‘Roc-A-Fella Records Presents Teairra Mari’, which turned out to be a major debacle. It was a critical success but struggled in garnering the expected sales numbers. This failure threatened to destroy her musical career even before it started and she exited from the label during the production of her second album. A few years later, she got another chance to redeem her career with the single ‘Hunt 4 U’, and its success enabled her to approach studios to produce her second album. It was eventually released with the title ‘At that Point’. She embarked into acting in 2009 with the film ‘The Magnificent Cooly-T’. Thereafter, she appeared in another film ‘Lottery Ticket’ in 2010. She has also released some mix tapes featuring some well known artists of this era and has tasted success with her latest album, ‘Night Shift’ which was released in 2017.

According to Teairra, she was in an-again-off-again relationship for nine years with Brandy Norwood's brother Ray J. In September 2014, Ray J claimed that Teairra was physically abusive to him during their relationship. In 2011, Teairra was arrested in Beverly Hills, California for allegedly assaulting a police officer. In July 2015, Mari was charged with battery after her Uber driver alleged that she punched him and stole his phone charger after he originally declined to let her charge her phone in his car. Nonetheless, the court case had ended in a mistrial when the judge had to excuse himself due to illness in early 2017.


Chips Ahoy!

Chips Ahoy! is the one of the largest cookie brands, baked and marketed by Nabisco, a subsidiary of Mondelēz International, that was started in 1963.

Chips Ahoy! currently has 28 unique flavors worldwide.

Michael S. Regan

Michael Stanley Regan (born August 6, 1976) is an American environmentalist and politician. Regan is the 16th Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency since 2021. He was the secretary of North Carolina's Department of Environmental Quality from 2017 until 2021.

He was an air quality specialist in the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). 

On December 17, 2020, it was reported that then President-elect Joe Biden nominated Regan to serve as Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 11, 2021.

Juan Pérez-Giménez

Juan Manuel Pérez-Giménez (March 28, 1941 – December 10, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a Judge on the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico from 1979 until his death. He was chief judge of the court from 1984 to 1991. Pérez-Giménez was nominated to the court by President Jimmy Carter. He was born in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico.

Pérez-Giménez died on December 10, 2020 in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico at the age of 79.

James Atwell

The Very Reverend James Edgar Atwell, MA, BD (3 June 1946 – 12 December 2020) was an English Anglican priest who was Dean of Winchester from 2006 to 2016. Atwell was born in Calne, Wiltshire. 

Atwell died on 12 December 2020 at the age of 74.

Sal Rocca

Sal Rocca (October 29, 1946 – December 13, 2020) was an Italian-born American politician and real estate developer. He was born in Casalvieri, Italy. He was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from 1975 to 1980, 1983 to 1994, and 2001 to 2004.

Before 1992, he was a member of the Democratic Party. Afterwards, Rocca was a Republican. Rocca was raised in Detroit, Michigan.

Rocca died of COVID-19 in Troy, Michigan on December 13, 2020 at the age of 74.

Segundo Galicia Sánchez

Segundo Galicia Sánchez (August 11, 1938 – December 14, 2020) was a Peruvian professor and sociologist. He was born in Virú, Peru. He was a full-time professor and researcher, "C" holder of the Faculty of Social Sciences of the Autonomous University of Sinaloa, (UAS), Mexico. He also was a member of the Sistema Nacional de Investigadores. 

Galicia Sánchez died on December 14, 2020 in Mazatlán, Mexico at the age of 82.

John Obiero Nyagarama

Nyagarama (1946 – 18 December 2020), formally known as John Obiero Nyagarama, was a Kenyan politician. He was the first Governor of Nyamira County from 2013 until his death. He was a member of the Orange Democratic Movement. Nyagarama was born in Nyamira County, Kenya.

Nyagarama was diagnosed with COVID-19 on 15 December 2020 and was hospitalized in Nairobi, Kenya. He died three days later from respiratory failure caused by the infection, aged 74.

Rahah Noah

Rahah binti Mohamed Noah (11 June 1933 – 18 December 2020) was a Malaysian socialite. She was the widow of former Malaysian Prime Minister Tun Abdul Razak and the mother of former Prime Minister Najib Razak. Noah was born in Muar, Johor.

Noah died on 18 December 2020 in Kuala Lumpur at the age of 87.

Jeremy Bulloch

Jeremy Bulloch (16 February 194517 December 2020) was an English actor. He was best known for the role of the bounty hunter Boba Fett in "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi". Bulloch was born in Market Harborough, Leicestershire.

Bulloch died on 17 December 2020 in London from Parkinson's disease-related problems, aged 75.


Pierre Buyoya

Pierre Buyoya (24 November 1935 – 17 December 2020) was a Burundian politician and soldier. He was the President of Burundi two times from 1987 to 1993 and from 1996 to 2003. Buyoya was the second longest-serving Burundian president.

Buyoya died on 17 December 2020 in Paris from COVID-19 at the age of 85.

Hypovolemic shock

Hypovolemic shock is a medical emergency and an advanced form of hypovolemia. It is caused by low amounts of blood and/or fluid inside the human body to let the heart pump enough blood to the body.

Hypovolemic shock happens when there is a low amount of intravascular volume to the point of heart failure. The hypovolemic shock could be due to severe dehydration or from blood loss.

His Kind of Woman

His Kind of Woman is a 1951 American crime movie directed by John Farrow and Richard Fleischer and starring Robert Mitchum, Jane Russell, Vincent Price, Tim Holt, Charles McGraw, Raymond Burr, Marjorie Reynolds, Leslie Banning. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Stanley Cowell

Stanley Cowell (May 5, 1941 – December 17, 2020) was an American jazz pianist. He was the co-founder of the Strata-East Records label. Cowell was born in Toledo, Ohio. 

During the late 1980s, Cowell was part of a regular quartet led by J.J. Johnson. Cowell taught in the Music Department of the Mason Gross School of the Arts at Rutgers University in New Jersey.

Cowell died at a hospital in Dover, Delaware from hypovolemic shock-related problems on December 17, 2020 at the age of 79.

Enrico Ferri (politician)

Enrico Ferri (17 February 1942 — 17 December 2020) was an Italian politician and lawyer. He was born in La Spezia, Italy. Ferri was a member of the Italian Democratic Socialist Party. 

Ferri was Minister of Public Works from 1988 to 1989 during the Ciriaco De Mita cabinet. From 1992 to 1994, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies. From 1993 to 1995, he was Secretary of the Italian Democratic Socialist Party. From 1989 to 1994, he was a Member of the European Parliament.

Ferri died on 17 December 2020 in Pontremoli, Italy after a long-illness, aged 78.

Pontremoli

Pontremoli (; ) is a small city in the province of Massa and Carrara, Tuscany region, central Italy.

Jacó Roberto Hilgert

Jacó Roberto Hilgert (27 January 1926 – 17 December 2020) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Harmonia, Rio Grande do Sul. In 1952, he became a priest. He was the Bishop of Cruz Alta from 1976 to 2002. 

Hilgert died on 17 December 2020 in Cruz Alta, Rio Grande do Sul from cardiopulmonary arrest, aged 94.

Wacław Szybalski

Wacław Szybalski (9 September 1921 – 16 December 2020) was a Polish-American oncologist and biotechnologist. He worked at the McArdle Laboratory for Cancer Research in the University of Wisconsin–Madison Medical School. He discovered the Szybalski's rule. Szybalski was born in Lwów, Poland.

Szybalski died on 16 December 2020 in Madison, Wisconsin at the age of 99.

Benny Napoleon

Benny Napoleon (1955 – December 17, 2020) was an American attorney, law enforcement officer, and Democratic politician. He was the Sheriff of Wayne County, Michigan. He was also a 2013 candidate for Mayor of Detroit. From 2009 until his death, Wayne County Sheriff. Napolean was born in Detroit.

Napoleon was diagnosed with COVID-19 in November 2020. He died on December 17, 2020 in Detroit from the infection, aged 65.

Ignaz Puschnik

Ignaz Puschnik (5 February 1934 – 17 December 2020) was an Austrian football midfielder. He played for Austria from 1957 to 1964 and during the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Kapfenberger SV from 1956 to 1964. Puschnik was born in Vienna.
Puschnik spent his entire senior career at Kapfenberg SV.

Puschnik died on 17 December 2020 in Vienna at the age of 86.

Giovanni Sacco

Giovanni Sacco (25 September 1943 – 17 December 2020) was an Italian footballer. He played as a midfielder. Sacco was born in San Damiano d'Asti, Italy. He played for Juventus F.C., Atalanta B.C. and A.C. Reggiana 1919. His career lasted from 1962 to 1976.

Sacco died on 17 December 2020 in Asti, Italy from COVID-19 at the age of 77.

San Damiano d'Asti

San Damiano d'Asti is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont

Saufatu Sopoanga

Saufatu Sopoanga (22 February 1952 – 17 December 2020) was a Tuvaluan politician. He was the 8th Prime Minister of Tuvalu from 2 August 2002 until 27 August 2004. Sopoanga was born in Nukufetau, Tuvalu. 

Sopoanga died on 17 December 2020 at the age of 68.

Pelle Svensson

Per Oskar "Pelle" Svensson (6 February 1943 – 17 December 2020) was a Swedish Greco-Roman wrestler and lawyer. He won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics and two gold medals at the World Championships in 1970 and 1971. Svensson was born in Sollefteå, Sweden.

Svensson died on 17 December 2020 from cancer in Sundsvall, Sweden at the age of 77.

Scott Hylands

Scott Hylands Douglas (born 1943) is a Canadian actor. His career began in 1969. Hylands was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. He appeared in "Cannon", "The Waltons", "Baretta", and "Ironside".

Coal forest

Coal forests were huge areas of wetlands which covered much of the Earth's tropical land areas in the late Carboniferous (Pennsylvanian) and Permian times. 

At the time most continents were crowded together in the supercontinent Gondwana. They lay on the path of tropical rainfall. As vegetable matter from these forests decayed, enormous deposits of peat accumulated, which later changed into coal. Now those continents are wide apart, but they have the coalfields which those ancient forests left behind.

Much of the carbon in the peat deposits produced by coal forests came from photosynthetic splitting of carbon dioxide. This released oxygen into the atmosphere. This increased the oxygen level, perhaps as high as about 35%. This had the effect of making the air more easily breathable by animals with limited respiratory systems. This may explain the size of "Meganeura" compared to modern dragonflies.

The coal forests covered tropical Euramerica (Europe, eastern North America, northwesternmost Africa) and China. Eventually, climate change devastated these tropical rainforests. The so-called Carboniferous rainforest collapse was caused by a cooler drier climate which broke up the rainforest ecosystem. The cause of this change was mountain uplift, no doubt caused by the continental plates squeezing against each other. During most of the rest of Carboniferous times, the coal forests were restricted to North America (such as the Appalachian and Illinois coal basins) and central Europe.

At the very end of the Carboniferous period, the coal forests underwent a resurgence, expanding mainly in eastern Asia, notably China. They never recovered fully in Euramerica. The Chinese coal forests continued to flourish well into Permian times. 


The conditions which led to the late Carboniferous coal measures returned twice later on. These occasions were in part of the Jurassic period, and the Eocene. The later Jurassic left coal measures in parts of Europe and Australia. The Waloon coal measures are where the fossils of "Iguanodon" were found. The coal in Queensland, Australia is from the same time. 

Conditions in the Paleocene and Eocene were also favourable to plant growth. The coal from this time is found in Chile, Nepal and in the so-called Eocene Okanagan Highlands in British Columbia and Washington State.

Aristóteles Sandoval

Jorge Aristóteles Sandoval Díaz (22 January 1974 – 18 December 2020) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. Sandoval was Governor of Jalisco from 2013 to 2018. Sandoval was born in Guadalajara, Jalisco.

Sandoval was assassinated on 18 December 2020 in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco at the age of 46.

Arsphenamine

Arsphenamine, also known as Salvarsan or compound 606, is a drug. It was introduced at the beginning of the 1910s. It was the first effective treatment for syphilis and African trypanosomiasis. This organoarsenic compound was the first modern antimicrobial {antibiotic} agent.

Arsphenamine was first synthesized in 1907 in Paul Ehrlich's lab by Alfred Bertheim. 

The antisyphilitic activity of this compound was discovered by Sahachiro Hata in 1909. He surveyed hundreds of newly synthesized organic arsenical compounds. Ehrlich thought that by screening many compounds, a drug could be discovered which would have anti-microbial activity but not kill the patient.

Ehrlich's laboratory developed a more soluble (but slightly less effective) arsenical compound, Neosalvarsan (neoarsphenamine), which was easier to prepare.


Puerto Vallarta

Puerto Vallarta (, PV or simply Vallarta) is a Mexican beach resort city located on the Pacific Ocean's Bahía de Banderas in the Mexican state of Jalisco.


Hawk Junction

Hawk Junction is a community with a local services board in the Canadian province of Ontario, found just north of Highway 101, about east of Wawa.

The community was made by people of Italian, Scottish and French ancestry in 1909 when the Algoma Central Railway was made through the area. In 1923-1924 it was destroyed by fire. The community was rebuilt and is now a terminal for the Algoma Central Railway.

In September 2017, the last business, the Big Bear Hotel closed, leaving Hawk Junction without any services. Residents had needed to drive to the town of Wawa for any services. It is a popular starting point for wilderness hunting and fishing trips. During the winter Hawk Junction is a major snowmobile drop off point. The Big Bear has now recently reopened its doors under a new owner.

Wawa, Ontario

Wawa is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario, located within the Algoma District and associated with Wawa Lake. Previously known as the township of Michipicoten, after a nearby river of that name, the township was officially renamed in 2007 for its largest community of Wawa.

This area was first made for fur trading. In the late 19th century, both gold and iron ore were found and mined, leading to the region's rise as the steel industry developed in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. From 1900 to 1918 the Helen Mine had the highest production of iron ore of any mine in Canada.

The township includes the smaller communities of Michipicoten and Michipicoten River, which are small port settlements on the shore of Lake Superior. These names are from the Ojibwe term for the river.

Population trend:

The municipal council is made up of one mayor and four councillors. The current mayor is Ron Rody. Councillors Tamara Liddle, Bill Chiasson, James Neufeld and Yvan Besner were elected on October 27, 2014 for four years. After James Neufeld resigned on April 27, 2015, Matthew Morrison was appointed to fill the empty seat on August 10, 2015. In 2016, Councillor Tamara Liddle and her husband, Gerry Liddle were investigated and it was revealed that both Gerry Liddle and Councillor Tamara Liddle harassed CAO Chris Wray to try and get a personal benefit to avoid paying taxes. Both were punished by town council. After the 2018 elections, Ron Rody was victorious as mayor and the following councillors were elected: Bill Chiasson, Mitch Hatfield, Robert Reece, and Pat Tait.

The community is known for its 8.5-metre (28-foot) metal statue of a Canada goose, which was built in 1960, and was dedicated to the community in 1961. Wawa takes its name from the Ojibwe word for "wild goose", "wewe". Wawa was called wild goose in "The Song of Hiawatha." On July 5, 2010, the Canada Post made a commemorative stamp of the Wawa Goose as part of its Roadside Attractions collection. On July 1, 2017, a new Wawa Goose was made to replace the second aging goose.

The town is also known for snowmobiling and sport fishing. The Voyageur Hiking Trail passes through the town. One important shopping location is Young's General Store, home of the locally famous Pickle Barrel.

FIFA Puskás Award

The FIFA Puskás Award is an award that is organized by FIFA. It is awarded to the player who scored the best goal in each year. The award was first awarded in 2009.The winner of the 

FIFA Puskas Award is selected through voting process.

Territory (animal)

In ethology, territory is the area that a species of animal consistently defends against related animals. Sometimes it means areas defended against animals of other species. Animals that defend territories in this way are referred to as territorial.

Territoriality is not shown by most species. More commonly, a group of animals has an area that they use but do not necessarily defend. This is called their home range. The home ranges of different groups of animals often overlap, and in the overlap areas, the groups tend to avoid each other. 

Many animals use vocalisations to advertise their territory. These are short-term signals given only when the animal is present. The sound can travel long distances and through various habitats. Examples include birds, frogs and canids.

Scent markings are used by many mammals. Some have special scent glands; others squirt urine on key places. Domestic cats have graded ritualized aggression. This starts off with vocalizations and sometimes mounts to direct attack.

Territories may be held by an individual, a mated or unmated pair, or a group, and it may vary at different times of the year.

Similar frog

The similar frog ("Papurana attigua") is a frog from Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam. Scientists saw it between 700 and 1200 meters above sea level.

S.L. Benfica B

Sport Lisboa e Benfica "B", commonly known as Benfica B, is a Portuguese football club based in Seixal. It is the reserve team of S.L. Benfica. 

"As of match played 24 October 2020. Only competitive matches are counted, including those in the Premier League International Cup."



Hypergamy

Hypergamy is the practice of dating or marrying someone of a higher social status than oneself. Hypergamy is usually associated with women. Some sociologists believe that harems formerly existed because of female hypergamy. Some analysts also believe that people have twice as many female ancestors as male ancestors because of female hypergamy.

For the better part of human history, women simply didn’t have the option, access, or legal rights in many places in the world to have agency over their own welfare and to create financial independence. So, they relied on a 'good marriage' to secure their (and their children’s) overall prosperity and prospects.

While many Western societies have progressed to promote gender equality in the past century—attempting to creating equal career, educational, and financial opportunities for women—there's still a large gender pay gap. For example, in the United States, women are paid roughly 82 cents for every dollar a man makes for the same job, and the disparity is even greater for women of color, according to the American Association of University Women.

2020 United States Senate elections

Elections happened on November 3, 2020 to elect 33 class 2 members to the United States Senate. The winners were elected into a six-year term from January 3, 2021, to January 3, 2027. Two special senate elections were also held on the same day: one in Arizona after John McCain died and one in Georgia after Johnny Isakson resigned. In Arizona, a Democrat won where there was a Republican before. In Georgia, two Democratic senators won against the Republican senators, changing the state to Democrat and changing the power of the senate from Republican to Democrat.



