Targets

Targets is a 1968 American crime thriller movie directed by Peter Bogdanovich (who also stars) and also starring Tim O'Kelly, Boris Karloff, Monte Landis, James Brown, Sandy Baron, Mike Farrell, Nancy Hsueh. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


El Hierro

El Hierro, nicknamed Isla del Meridiano (the "Meridian Island"), is the second-smallest and farthest-south and -west of the Canary Islands (an Autonomous Community of Spain), in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Africa, with a population of 10,968 (2019). Its capital is Valverde. At , it is the second-smallest of the eight main islands of the Canaries.

Berthold, North Dakota

Berthold is a city in Ward County, North Dakota, United States. Its population was 490 in 2020. It is part of the Minot Micropolitan Statistical Area. Berthold was founded in 1900.

Berthold is at the coordinates of (48.316025, -101.735776). The city is of land.

Berthold is in the Lewis and Clark School District. That district was formed in 2003 when the Berthold School District merged with two other school districts. In Berthold, the only school is Berthold Public School.

Akaki Mgeladze

Akaki Mgeladze (1910-1980) was a Soviet politician. He served as First Secretary of the Georgian Communist Party from 1952 to 1953. Before that he was the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Abkhazia from 1943 until 1951. He also led both the Georgian and Abkhazian Komsomol and Gruzneft.
He was born in the Guria region of Georgia. He grew up in Abkhazia. 
After youth he served with the military on the Transcaucasian Front. Then he was appointed head of the Communist Party of Abkhazia by Joseph Stalin. Under Mgeladze, Georgian was made the language of instruction in Abkhazia. Abkhaz and Russian was replaced at the start of the 1945–46 academic year.

After the Second World War, Mgeladze became a confidant of Stalin. He declared that Abkhazia would produce lemons for the Soviet Union after Stalin repeatedly showed him lemon trees. Using his influence with Stalin, Mgeladze manoeuvred against the head of the Ministry of State Security Lavrentiy Beria. He denounced his corruption and that of Stalin’s other confidant Candide Charkviani, who was an ally of Beria. Mgeladze made Stalin turn against Charkviani and strengthened his distrust of Beria. In March 1952 Mgeladze was appointed First Secretary of the Georgian Communist Party by Beria. He replaced Charkviani.

He wrote a memoir of his friendship with Joseph Stalin. He died in 1980.

Azovo, Omsk Oblast

Azovo (Russian: Азово, German: "Asowo") is a rural locality (a selo). It is also the administrative center of Azovsky Nemetsky National District of Omsk Oblast, Russia. 
Population of Azovo is mostly German spoken. Half of the population has got German origin. 

The selo is located near the city of Omsk. 

Engine Sentai Go-onger

Engine Sentai Go-onger is a Japanese television series. It is the 32nd series in Toei's Super Sentai series It is third vehicle-themed Super Sentai, preceded by "Kousoku Sentai Turboranger" and "Gekisou Sentai Carranger". It aired as part of TV Asahi's 2008 "Super Hero Time" block alongside "Kamen Rider Kiva". Its footage was used in Power Rangers RPM.

Machine World is one of the 11 Braneworlds order than our own, which is referred as the Human World and it is home to giant vehicular beings called called Engines who wage a war against the Gaiark who desire to Pollution their world. Losing, Gaiark's three Pollution Ministers' escape





Women in the Victorian era

The status of women in the Victorian era was often seen as an illustration of the striking discrepancy between the United Kingdom's national power and wealth. During the era symbolized by the reign of a female monarch, Queen Victoria, women did not have the right to vote, sue, or – if married – own property. At the same time, women participated in the paid workforce in increasing numbers following the Industrial Revolution. Feminist ideas spread among the educated middle classes, discriminatory laws were repealed, and the women's suffrage movement gained momentum in the last years of the Victorian era.

Crumbl Cookies

Crumbl Cookies is an American-based, tech-driven franchise-model cookie company that was founded in 2017 by cousins Jason McGowan and Sawyer Hemsley. In 2022, the brand has over 500 retail stores in over 47 states in the United States. Crumbl offers a menu of 175+ cookie flavors ranging from Churro to Cookies & Cream Milkshake to Key Lime Pie. They offer 4 weekly rotating flavors in addition to their staple Chilled Sugar and award-winning Milk Chocolate Chip cookies. All cookies are packaged in Crumbl’s famous pink box. Crumbl’s mission is “Bringing friends and family together over a box of the best cookies in the world” and is headquartered in Lindon, Utah.

Crumbl Cookies' first store was opened in Logan, Utah, United States when Sawyer Hemsley was in his senior year at Utah State University. Crumbl Cookies is now headquartered in Lindon, Utah. Hemsley and McGowan were on a mission to make the best chocolate chip cookie in the world. After thousands of dollars spent on cookie ingredients and dozens of failed recipes, the cousins decided to use an A/B testing approach to reach this goal. This involved replacing or removing a single ingredient from their cookie recipe and asking random individuals at gas stations and grocery stores to try both options and vote on the better cookie. After finishing the experiment, they developed todays’ secret recipe for their Milk Chocolate Chip cookie. The Milk Chocolate Chip cookie and Chilled Sugar cookie are now staples on their menu with the Milk Chocolate chip consistently being their best-seller.

After opening their debut store in Logan, Utah in 2017, Crumbl continued to expand throughout the state with 9 stores. In 2018, they expanded out of state for the first time with their 10th store in Las Vegas, Nevada. 

Today, Crumbl is the fastest-growing and second-largest gourmet cookie company in the United States of America with 160 stores operating in 30 states.

Crumbl offers a weekly rotating menu of 200+ cookie flavors in addition to milk, chocolate milk, and ice cream. The cookie flavors are inspired by various types of desserts from cereal to pies to cakes and candies. Crumbl’s tech-driven approach to cookies offers its customers a new experience in cookie-eating. This includes iPads displaying recipes to bakers and self-serve kiosks for the customers. Crumbl also offers curbside pickup, a digital loyalty program, digital gift cards with personalized video messaging, and digital menus in addition to nationwide shipping and warm local delivery. Crumbl stores utilize a takeout and delivery model similar to popular pizza chains. Each order is served in distinctive to-do pink boxes. Nationwide shipping is also available through the company’s website.

All Crumbl stores are franchise owned and operated excluding Crumbl’s Orem location. This location is the Corporate Testing Facility, used to test new concepts such as cookie flavors, box sizes, presentation, technology, tools, and other business elements. All Crumbl stores have an open kitchen concept built to allow customers to view the cookies being mixed, balled, and baked fresh daily.

Crumbl also has a catering program, which offers mini versions of Crumbl’s classic 6oz. cookies for events such as weddings, business retreats, parties, etc.

Crumbl’s branding is minimalistic, utilizing a palette of three colors: black, white, and pink. The logo features a male baker with a chef’s hat and a partially eaten cookie.

Crumbl cookies are offered in a variety of boxes as part of their pink box collection. They offer a single cookie box, a 12-cookie party box and their signature 4-pack box. Their signature 4-pack box is an oblong shape, big enough to fit four Crumbl cookies side-by-side. This recognizable rectangular 4-pack concept was developed by Utah State University students in 2018 as part of a case study competition through the Huntsman School of Business. The concept was developed and publicly released a few months later on May 16, 2018 and is now one of the brand’s signature offerings. 

Crumbl often adds or changes ink designs on their boxes for holidays and anniversaries, such as their store birthday every year.

In 2019, Crumbl’s Milk Chocolate Chip Cookie was awarded Best of State in Utah for Best Cookie. In 2020, Crumbl was awarded Best of State in Utah for Best Gourmet Cookies and Best Bakery. Additionally, Crumbl has won hundreds of official and nonofficial awards and taste-offs throughout the country.

Gosei Sentai Dairanger

Gosei Sentai Dairanger is a Japanese television series. It is the 17th series in Toei's Super Sentai series. Its footage was used in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers.

Eight thousand years ago, the Daos civilization flourished in Southern China. The civilization consisted of three separate tribes: the Dai, the Buddhism (the ancestors of today's humanity) and the Gorma (the military tribe); which lived in harmony. However, one day, the Gorma Tribe decided to take over the Daos civilization and the world, beginning the war between the Gorma and Dai tribes. The war between the Gorma, led by the Gorma Triumvarate, and the Dai continued for 5,000 years until the Mythical Qi Beasts appeared to oppose the Gorma, whose Qi powers had increased to the point that they could turn themselves into monsters. Five Dai Warriors' Qi powers had increased to the point where they could control the Mythical Qi Beasts. The war ended with the disappearance of both the Dai and Gorma tribes and the Shura scattered around the world. In the present day, the Gorma tribe, one of the Daos' two missing branches, arose to take over the world. To counter them, Master Kaku assembled a team of five youths with high levels of Qi, who became the Dairangers.



Gennadi Yukhtin

Geniy Gavrilovich "Gennadi" Yukhtin (30 March 1932 – 18 February 2022) was a Soviet and Russian actor. He was born in Kinelsky District, Kuibyshev region, USSR. His career began in 1955. His best known roles were in "The Rumyantsev Case", "Spring on Zarechnaya Street" and "Ballad of a Soldier".

Yukhtin tested positive for COVID-19 on 27 January 2022. He was hospitalised on 11 February in critical condition in Moscow. He died a week later on 18 February 2022, at the age of 89.

Américo Martín

Américo Gregorio Martín Estaba (1 February 1938 – 16 February 2022) was a Venezuelan politician. He was a member of A New Era. He was in the Venezuelan Chamber of Deputies from 1979 to 1984. Martín was born in Caracas, Venezuela.

Martín died in Caracas on 16 February 2022, at the age of 84.

Cardiovascular fitness

Cardiovascular fitness is a type of physical fitness. It is when someone has physical exercise for a long time. It tests a person's ability breathe properly while their body is being affected by many limits. These include physiological, heart rate, stroke volume, cardiac output, and maximal oxygen consumption.

There are many benefits to cardiovascular fitness. It makes one's metabolism, muscle metabolism, haemoglobin, buffers in the bloodstream, venous return and stroke volume better. All of these have a direct positive effect on a person's physical limit and an indirect effect on their strength and flexibility.

Mahima Makwana

Mahima Makwana (born 5 August 1999) is an Indian actress.
She works in television shows as well as Hindi and Telugu language movies. After entering television with "Miley Jab Hum Tum" and "Balika Vadhu" as a child artist, Makwana rose to prominence and became a household name through her character Rachna in Zee TV's popular soap opera "Sapne Suhane Ladakpan Ke".

In 2021, Makwana made her Bollywood debut in the semi hit action thriller movie "" starring Salman Khan and Aayush Sharma.

Makwana was born and brought up in Mumbai. Her father was a construction worker who died when she was five months old. Makwana and her elder brother were raised by their mother, a former social worker. 
Makwana graduated from Mary Immaculate Girls' High School She has a bachelor's degree in mass media.


Denji Sentai Megaranger

Denji Sentai Megaranger is a Japanese television series. It is the 21st series in Toei's Super Sentai series. its footage was used in Power Rangers In Space.

Kenta Date, a senior high school student, Is the ultimate champion of an arcade video game called "Megaranger". He belongs to the Cybernetics club, a group of like minded friends from his school. Koichiro Endo, Shun Namiki, Chisato Jogaseki, and Miku Imamura are also members of Cybernetics. The International Network of Excel-science and Technology (INET), the games creators, invite Kenta and the Cybernetics club members to tour the INET laboratories. Following a short tour of the INET HQ buildings, the company is attacked by the Neijirejia, an evil force led by Dr. Hinelar on a mission to conquer the current reality. INET's chief scientist, reveals that Megaranger was more than only a simple video game but actually a combat simulator to identify potential recruits for a super fighting team to combat the Neijirejia. While the INET headquarters (HQ) is destroyed by the Neijirejia warrior Yugande, Dr. Kubota gives Kenta and his friends devices known as 'Digitizers'. By entering the key-code "3-3-5" and shouting "Install, Megaranger!", Date, Endo, Namiki, Jogesaki and Imamura transform into the Megarangers to fight the Neijirejia.



Bokermannohyla hylax

The Atlantic forest tree frog ("Bokermannohyla hylax") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

List of leaders of Georgia (country)

This list shows every leader of Georgia from 1918 to present including various Soviet Affairs and Rules, Acting : Acting Head of State 

There were 14 acting heads of state 

President of parliamentary Assemblies

Prime minister of Georgia;

No President from 1918-1921

Leader of Georgia

Soviet Citizens in Georgia President from 1921-1990 including the 1937 crisis Salome Zurabishivili/ Zourabichvili is the current president of Georgia 

Mikheil Saakashvili tried to serve two terms but was interrupted by Nino Burjanadze

Zviad Gamsakhurdia held two offices at the same time in 1991 but was deposed in 1992

Akaki Mgeladze was in office from 1953-1954 not 1952-1954 

Eduard Shevardnadze served a long time in both of his terms 

Salome Zourabichvili is redirected in the simple english wikipedia from Salome ‘’Zurabishvili<nowiki>"</nowiki> 

Seijuu Sentai Gingaman

Seijuu Sentai Gingaman is a Japanese television series. It is the 22nd series on Toei's Super Sentai series. Its footage was used in Power Rangers Lost Galaxy.

Three thousand years ago, the Space Pirates Balban invaded Earth. The Starbeasts and the first Gingamen, warrios of the Ginga Forest, fought them with a mystical power known as Earth and eventually imprisoned them. The Ginga people later cloaked their forest within marked boundaries and passed on the duty of the Ginga warriors through generations.

In the present day, Hyuuga, Hayate, Gouki, Hikaru and Saya are chosen as the 133rd warriors of the Starbeast Swords. Ryouma is very happy that his elder brother Hyuuga succeeds to the title. When Orghi holds the succession ceremony of the Starbeast Swords, an earthquake breaks the seal on the Balban.

Orghi orders the 133rd warriors to get the Ginga Braces hidden in Roaring Mountain. However, the Balban attacks them to prevent the birth of the new Gingamen. During the battle, Hyuuga is swallowed into a crack in the ground created by the Balban's leader, Captain Zahab. Enraged, Ryouma activates his hidden Earth power and awakens the Ginga Braces. The Gingamen fight together with the Starbeasts against the Balban, who desire to revive the Demon Beast Daitanix, on whose corpse they built their castle.



Jyotirao Phule

Jyotirao Govindrao Phule (11 April 1827 – 28 November 1890) was an Indian social activist, thinker, anti-caste social reformer and writer. He was from Maharashtra. Phule worked in many fields. These included getting rid of untouchability and the caste system. He is also known teaching women and people in lower castes. He and his wife, Savitribai Phule, were pioneers of women's education in India. Phule started his first school for girls in 1848. It was in Pune. He formed the Satyashodhak Samaj (Society of Truth Seekers). Their goal was to get equal rights for people from lower castes. People from all religions and castes could become a part of this group. It worked to better the treatment of the oppressed classes. Phule is an important person in the social reform movement in Maharashtra. He was given the title Mahātmā (Sanskrit: "great-souled", "venerable") in 1888.

Mexica

The Aztecs called themselves the Mexica, and Historians call them Aztecs because it means "People from Aztlan" in Greek, which is where the Mexica first lived.

Apostolic vicariate

An apostolic vicariate is a territorial jurisdiction of the Catholic Church.


Kousoku Sentai Turboranger

Kousoku Sentai Turboranger is a Japanese television series. It is the 13th series in Toei's Super Sentai series. "Turboranger" was also first Super Sentai series to air on Friday instead of Saturday.

During its initial run, "Turboranger" was the 11th series and was billed as the 10th anniversary title of the Super Sentai series . "Battle Fever J" was originally the first Super Sentai series. However, in 1995, "Himitsu Sentai Gorenger" and "J.A.K.Q. Dengekitai" officially became the first two Super Sentai series. This made "Turboranger" the 13th in the franchise.

20,000 years ago, the Fairy race assisted humans in a battle against the Bouma Tribe. Due to modern day pollution and man's destruction of nature, the power of Fairy magic has awakened, allowing the seal to be broken and thus the Tribe's escape. With the help Dr. Dazai, Seelon, the last of fairies, summons five high school seniors. As children, they were showered with the "flames of spirit" of the fallen fairies in a forest and can now hear Seelon's voice. Donning powered suits, the product of a collaboration between Seelon's magic and Dr. Dazai's science, the five become the Turborangers, juggling days of fighting with their regular school lives, in order to defeat the Bouma Tribe.




Trachycephalus

Trachycephalus is a genus of frogs. People call them casque-headed tree frogs. They are in the family Hylidae. They live in Mexico, Central America, and South America. Scientists looked at the genuses of tree frogs and decided that the seven species of frogs in the genus "Phrynohyas" should be in "Trachycephalus" instead. The also said that "Phrynohyas" is a synonym of (another name for) "Trachycephalus". These frogs live in the high tree branches of tropical rainforests. They lay eggs in holes in trees. They almost never go to the ground.


Sean Marquette

Sean Rodriguez Marquette (born June 30, 1988) is an American actor, who is best known for being Johnny Atkins in The Goldbergs and Schooled, and for voicing Mac in the Cartoon Network series Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends from 2004 to 2009.

His brother Chris is an actor. His father is Cuban. He made his acting debut on television in the soap opera series All My Children in 1995 as Jamie Martin.

Judea Lyaboloma Constituency

Judea Lyaboloma Constituency is a constituency in the Zambezi Region of Namibia. The administrative centre of the constituency is the settlement of Sangwali. In 2020, the constituency had 3,339 registered voters. 

The constituency was created in August 2013 from dividing the western part of Linyanti Constituency. It is named after Judea Lyaboloma, a member of the People's Liberation Army and Medal of Bravery recipient.

The 2015 regional election was won by Beaven Bashole Munali of the SWAPO Party with 1,078 votes, followed by Oscar Zambo Munanzi of the Rally for Democracy and Progress with 120 votes. In the 2020 regional election an independent candidate won the constituency. Gwelu Humphrey Divai obtained 1,250 votes, followed by Vincent Bafeze Sinalumbu of SWAPO with 722 votes.

Cybèle Schneider

Cybèle Schneider (born 13 February 1996) is a Swiss track cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

She competed in triathlons.

Patrycja Lorkowska

Patrycja Lorkowska (born 4 December 1998) is a Polish road and track cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Fabienne Buri

Fabienne Buri (born 17 March 1999 in Oberburg) is a Swiss track cyclist. She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Michelle Andres

Michelle Andres (born 26 May 1997) is a Swiss road and track cyclist. From 2014 to 2020, she was a medallist at the Swiss national championships. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.


Tawakalt Yekeen

Tawakalt Yekeen (born 1 August 2001) is a Nigerian track cyclist. She won multiple medals at the African championships. 

In 2020, she won the bronze medal in the Keirin at the African Championships in Cairo. The following year, at the African Championships, which also took place in Cairo, she won three medals: gold in the team sprint and in the team pursuit and silver in the Madison.

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Grace Ayuba

Grace Ayuba (born 3 November 2002) is a Nigerian track cyclist. She won multiple medals at the African championships. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Storm Eunice

Storm Eunice, also known as Storm Zeynep in Germany and Storm Nora in Denmark, was a storm in Europe. With maximum wind speeds of 122 mph, on the Isle of Wight, it was the strongest storm on record to hit England.

Eunice was the fourth named storm of the 2021-22 European wind storm season. It was the most damaging for the season, with 530 thousand power outages for the UK and Ireland. It came just hours after Storm Dudley.

Self-awareness

In philosophy of self, self-awareness is the experience of one's own personality or individuality However don't be confused with Consciousness in the sense of Qualia. while consciousness is being aware of one's environment and body and lifestyle, self-awareness is the recognition of that awareness. However Self-awareness is how an individual consciously knows and understands their own character, feelings, motives, and desires.


Animation studio

An animation studio is a company producing animated media. The broadest such companies conceive of products to produce, own the physical equipment for production, employ operators for that equipment, and hold a major stake in the sales or rentals of the media produced. They also own rights over merchandising and creative rights for characters created/held by the company, 

The first known example of Japanese animation, also called Anime is dated around 1917 but it would take until 1956 for the Japanese animation industry to successfully adopt the studio format as used in the United States, Toei Animation that formed in 1948, was the first Japanese Animation studio of importance and has independent anime artists.


Joseph Henry

Joseph Henry  (December 17, 1797 – May 13, 1878) was an American scientist who served as the first Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution. He was the secretary for the National Institute for the Promotion of Science, a previous form of the Smithsonian Institution. While building electromagnets, Henry discovered electromagnetism, He also discovered mutual inductance independently of Michael Faraday though Faraday was the first to make the discovery and publish his results. Henry also developed the electromagnet into a practical device. Among his inventions was the electric doorbell (specifically a bell that could be rung at a distance via an electric wire, invented in 1831) and the electric relay (1835).

Wilhelm Marx

Wilhelm Marx (15 January 1863 – 5 August 1946) was a German lawyer and politician. He was the chancellor of Germany twice, from 1923 to 1925 and again from 1926 to 1928, as a member of the Centre Party. Marx also served as the minister-president of Prussia in 1925, during the Weimar Republic.


Pokémon Legends: Arceus

Pokémon Legends: Arceus is an action role playing game. The game was released on January 28, 2022 for the Nintendo Switch. It is part of the eighth generation of Pokémon games and the first game in the "Pokemon Legends" spin-off series. The game is set in the Hisui region, a past version of the Sinnoh region, where the games Pokémon Diamond, Pearl, Platinum, Brilliant Diamond and Shining Pearl take place. A follow-up game, , will be released in 2025 for the Nintendo Switch.

Cronobacter

Cronobacter is a type of Gram-negative bacteria in the shape of a rod. 
It can grow using air. But it can also grow on its own if there is no air. They are able to move most of the time, they take away Nitrate from the body, and use Citric acid to live. They use water to break down Arginine (a protein that the body must have to live) and Aesculin, (a sugar which is found in certain foods.) They can take carbon from a chemical compound called "Ornithine" and turn it into Carbon Dioxide, which can cause a low amount of Ornithine in the body, causing bad things when peeing.

Cronobacter entering the body for an adult can happen. Though, Most of the time does not lead to anything bad. In babies though, it can cause very bad things. It can cause Sepsis or cause the areas around the brain and Spinal cord to grow too big which can cause people to die very fast, (Meningitis.)

Cronobacter spreads mainly through powder used to make milk. Problems in factories can make an Outbreak happen.


Wing, North Dakota

Wing is a small town in Burleigh County, North Dakota, United States. It is part of the Bismarck, ND Metropolitan Statistical Area. In 2020, the population of Wing was 132. The town has a post office, a gas station with service, a bar, a restaurant, a small apartment complex, an assisted living home, a hotel, several churches, and a complete public school system.

Wing was founded in 1911. It was named after Charles K. Wing. He was the one who platted the city's area.

Wing is at the coordinates of (47.140938, -100.280626). The city is of land.

YouTube Shorts

YouTube Shorts is a video sharing platform offered by YouTube for short videos. The platform hosts user uploaded content much like YouTube's primary service. Videos are limited to 15–60 seconds in length. Since launch, YouTube Shorts has gained over 5 trillion views in total.

YouTube Shorts was started in September 14 2020. It is like TikTok. It allows short videos created by users from 15 to 60 seconds long. Some Shorts contain #shorts tag on video title or in video description. It also allows users to add music to videos, and captions, among other features. Viewers are able to scroll through an endless amount of videos. YouTube Shorts allows changing videos and the ability to interact with viewers by responding to comments with short videos .

YouTube Shorts was first released in India in September 2020. The launch was following India's ban of TikTok. In March 2021, it was also released in the United States.

 In January 2021, YouTube Shorts content was very changed, in May 2021, YouTube announced the YouTube Shorts fund. This is a system in which top Shorts creators could be paid. YouTube has explained this as a way to "monetize and reward creators for their content" and that it would be "a $100M fund distributed over the course of 2021-2022."



Medieval Greek

Medieval Greek (also known as Middle Greek or Byzantine Greek) is the stage of the Greek language. It was spoken from 330 to 1453, mostly in the Byzantine Empire.



Vishal Mishra (composer)

Vishal Mishra is an Indian music composer and singer. He first appeared in a television reality singing show aired on DD National. He was then guided through his initial days in the industry by Lalit Pandit of Jatin–Lalit fame.

Mishra made his debut as a composer in 2016 with the Tamil film "Devi", simultaneously dubbed as "Abhinetri" in Telugu and in Hindi as "Tutak Tutak Tutiya". He found fame in 2017 with the song "Jaane De", sung by , featured on the soundtrack of "Qarib Qarib Singlle", and also composed songs for "Munna Michael", which marked his singing debut, and the Marathi film "". Under the tutelage of actor-producer Salman Khan, he composed the "Rafta Rafta" medley for "Yamla Pagla Deewana Phir Se", marking his first project of 2018, whose music video features Khan in a special appearance; he subsequently composed the romantic song "Selfish", written by and starring Khan for the action drama "Race 3", while also composing the title track of "Veere Di Wedding", starring Sonam Kapoor, Kareena Kapoor Khan, Swara Bhaskar and Shikha Talsania.

Mishra's next project, and his first as a solo composer for songs and score, came with the Salman Khan-produced romantic drama "Notebook". He rose to popularity with the song "Kaise Hua" from "Kabir Singh", which became a rage among the audiences. His final album of the year was as a soundtrack composer for the Anurag Kashyap-produced "Saand Ki Aankh", a biopic on the lives of the Shooter Dadis.

2020 saw Mishra release Manjha, a song featuring Aayush Sharma and Saiee Manjrekar. Akshay Kumar and Jackky Bhagnani roped him in to compose the song "Phir Muskurayega India", featuring many Bollywood actors including Kumar and Bhagnani, which became popular during the 2020 coronavirus pandemic lockdown in the country as a means of motivating the general public to maintain safety.

Samuel Cooper (general)

Samuel Cooper (June 12, 1798 – December 3, 1876) was a United States Army officer. He served in the Second Seminole War and the Mexican–American War. Cooper was technically the highest-ranking general in the Confederate States Army throughout the American Civil War. He even outranked Robert E. Lee. After the conflict, Cooper remained in Virginia as a farmer.

Samuel Cooper was born in New Hackensack, Dutchess County, New York. He was a son of Samuel Cooper and his wife Mary Horton. 

In 1813 he entered the United States Military Academy at age 15 and graduated two years later. He was appointed a brevet lieutenant in the U.S. Light Artillery on December 11, 1815. He was promoted to first lieutenant in 1821 and to captain in 1836.

In 1827, Cooper married Sarah Maria Mason who was the sister of James M. Mason. Cooper served as aide-de-camp for Gen. Macomb from 1828 to 1836. Under his supervision authored "A Concise System of Instructions and Regulations for the Militia and Volunteers of the United States".

Cooper served in many artillery units until 1837. That is when he was appointed chief clerk of the U.S. War Department. In 1838 he received a promotion to Brevet major and was appointed assistant adjutant general of the Army. Nine years later, with a brevet as lieutenant colonel, he served in the same capacity.

Cooper's service in the Second Seminole War of 1841–42 was a rare departure for him from Washington, D.C. He was chief of staff for Col. William J. Worth, and after bad relations ended he returned to staff duty in Washington from 1842 to 1845. Cooper received a brevet promotion to colonel on May 30, 1848, for his War Department service in the Mexican–American War, and was promoted to the permanent rank of colonel in the regular army and appointed the army's Adjutant General on July 15, 1852.

Cooper was also a slave owner. At the time of the 1850 census, he owned six slaves. 

On February 5, 1857, his daughter Sarah Maria Mason Cooper (August 4, 1836 – December 15, 1858) married Frank Wheaton, who would become a Union general during the coming war. They had one child, Sarah Maria Cooper Wheaton, in 1858.

At the beginning of the American Civil War, he was loyal to the South. His wife's family was from Virginia. He also had a close friendship with Jefferson Davis, who had also been U.S. Secretary of War. One of his last official acts as Adjutant General of the U.S. Army was to sign an order dismissing Brig. Gen. David E. Twiggs from the army. Twiggs had surrendered his command and supplies in Texas to the Confederacy on March 1, 1861 and Cooper resigned six days later. He traveled to Montgomery, Alabama to join the Confederate States Army.

When he reached Montgomery, Cooper was immediately given a commission as a brigadier general on March 16, 1861. He served as both Adjutant General and Inspector General of the Confederate Army, a post he held until the end of the war. Cooper provided organization and knowledge to the fledgling Confederate War Department from on his years performing such duties as Adjutant General of the U.S. Army.

On May 16, 1861, Cooper was promoted to full general in the Confederate Army. He was one of five men promoted to the grade at that time, and one of only seven during the war. It was the earliest date of rank. 

At the war's end in 1865, Cooper surrendered and was paroled on May 3 at Charlotte, North Carolina.

While building defenses near Washington, D.C., Union forces demolished his home and used its bricks to build a fort dubbed "Traitor's Hill" in dishonor of Cooper.

Cooper's last official act in office was to preserve the official records of the Confederate Army and turn them over intact to the United States government. They form a part of the "Official Records", "The War of the Rebellion: a Compilation of the Official Records of the Union and Confederate Armies". The publishing started in 1880. Military historians have highly regarded Cooper for this action. Historian Ezra J. Warner believed that in doing so Cooper was "thereby making a priceless contribution to the history of the period."

After the war, Cooper was a farmer at his home, Cameron, near Alexandria, Virginia. His house had been taken over by the U.S. government during the war and turned into a fort. But he was able to move into what had been an overseer's house. Due to his age Cooper earned a meager living. On August 4, 1870, Robert E. Lee, on the behalf of other former Confederates, sent Cooper $300. Lee wrote to him saying, "To this sum I have only been able to add $100, but I hope it may enable you to supply some immediate want and prevent you from taxing your strength too much." Samuel Cooper died at his home in 1876, and was buried in the Christ Church Episcopal Cemetery.





Cartoon Network Studios

Cartoon Network Studios is an American animation studio owned by the Warner Bros. Television Studios division of Warner Bros., a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Discovery. The studio is the production arm of Cartoon Network, and started operating on October 21, 1994 as a division of Hanna-Barbera until the latter absorbed into Warner Bros. Animation in 2001.

Located in Burbank, California, the studio primarily produces and develops animated programs and shorts for Cartoon Network and later Cartoonito. In the 2010s and beyond, their programs began to expand into their sister companies Adult Swim and HBO Max. So far, the company has only produced one theatrically released film, "The Powerpuff Girls Movie", distributed by its sister company, Warner Bros. Pictures.

The actual animation service for their productions is done overseas, mainly in South Korea at Digital eMation, Saerom Animation, Rough Draft Korea, and Sunmin Image Pictures, with pre-production and post-production being United States-based.

François Mignet

François Auguste Marie Mignet (8 May 1796 – 24 March 1884) was a French journalist and historian of the French Revolution.


Predatory fish

Predatory fish are fish that actively prey upon other fish or aquatic animals. Examples including shark, billfish, barracuda, pike/muskellunge, walleye, perch and salmon. 

Some omnivorous fish, such as the red-bellied piranha, can occasionally also be predatory, although they are not obligately predatory fish.

Lamnidae

The Lamnidae are the family of mackerel sharks known as white sharks. They are large, fast-swimming predatory fish found in oceans worldwide. 

The name of the family is formed from the Greek word "lamna", which means "fish of prey", and was derived from the Greek legendary creature, the Lamia.

Wheelchair Race

Wheelchair Race is a racing of Wheelchair in track and road races. Wheelchair racing is open to athletes with any qualifying type of disability, amputees, spinal cord injuries, cerebral palsy and partially sighted (when combined with another disability). Athletes are classified in accordance with the nature and severity of their disability or combinations of disabilities

Obie Award

The Obie Awards or Off-Broadway Theater Awards are annual awards originally given by Village Voice newspaper to theatre artists and groups in New York City

Obie Award ceremonies have been held at Webster Hall in Manhattan's East Village since the 2010-2011 season. 

James Coco

James Emil Coco (March 21, 1930 – February 25, 1987) was an American stage and screen actor. He was the recipient of a Primetime Emmy Awards and three Obie Award as well as Tony Award, and two Golden Globe Awards Coco is remembered for his supporting roles in the films Man of La Mancha in 1972 and Only When I Laugh (1981)


University of Montpellier

The University of Montpellier is a French public research university in Montpellier, south-east France. Founded in 1289, it is one of the oldest universities in the world.

For 45 years from 1970 to 2015, the university was divided into three universities (University of Montpellier 1, University of Montpellier 2 and Paul Valéry University of Montpellier 3). In 2015, a new University of Montpellier was created from the first two universities. However, the Paul Valéry University of Montpellier remained a separate entity.




Anselm Kiefer

Anselm Kiefer (born 8 March 1945) is a German painter and sculptor.


Johann Christoph Friedrich Bach

Johann Christoph Friedrich Bach (21 June 1732 26 January 1795) was a harpsichordistand composer. He was a son of Johann Sebastian Bach. He was also called the "Bückeburg Bach". He worked in Bückeburg for most of his life.

Bach was born in Leipzig. He was the fifth son of Johann Sebastian Bach. He studied music with his father. He also studied at the St. Thomas School. In 1750, Count Wilhelm of Schaumburg-Lippe made him the harpsichordist in Bückeburg. He worked together with Johann Gottfried Herder. Herder wrote texts for Bach's music.

Count Wilhelm loved Italian vocal music. It was Bach's job to write cantatas and arias for the count. Bach also wrote symphonies and trio sonatas. The court orchestra usually performed two concerts every week. Bach was in charge of the court orchestra.

Bach married Lucia Elisabeth Münchhausen. She was the daughter of the organist in Bückeburg. His son was Wilhelm Friedrich Ernst Bach.

In 1777, Count Wilhelm died. His cousin Philipp replaced him. Bach visited London during his time. He met his brother Johann Christian Bach in London. He heard Mozart's music in London. 

On 26 January 1795, Bach died in Bückeburg because of a chest illness. 

Sansad Marg

Sansad Marg () is a street in New Delhi, India. The street gets its name from the Parliament House (Sansad Bhavan).

Bokermannohyla gouveai

The Itatiaina tree frog ("Bokermannohyla gouveai") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Samurai Sentai Shinkenger

Samurai Sentai Shinkenger is a Japanese television series. It is the 33rd series in Toei's Super Sentai series. It joined "Kamen Rider Decade" as a program featured in TV Asahi's programming block, and following "Decade's" finale, it aired alongside "Kamen Rider W".

Its footage was used in Power Rangers Samurai. and its follow up season, "Super Samurai".

For eighteen generations, Samurai of the Shiba House have suppressed the evil intentions of the Gedoushu, malevolent spirits that enter the world of the living from gaps between buildings and other structures. Now, Takeru Shiba, the youngest head of the Shiba Clan must gather his four Vassal in order to battle the Gedoushu under the revived Doukoku Chimatsuri as the Shinkengers. However, as they are joined by his childhood friend Genta, the vassals slowly learn that there's a reason for Takeru's behavior that sets him apart from his predecessors.




The opening and ending themes of "Shinkenger" are performed by Psychic Lover and Hideaki Takatori as part of Project.R, respectively. The opening is also featured as a playable song in "Taiko no Tatsujin Wii: Do Don to 2 Daime".

Its opening theme song single ranked highly on the Oricon charts, reaching #4 on the Daily Ranking Charts on its day of release. and peaked at #6 on the weekly charts selling 20,130 copies within its first week of release and stayed in the top 30 ranks for 4 weeks straight.

Tagish Lake meteorite

The Tagish Lake meteorite fell at 16:43 UTC on 18 January 2000 in the Tagish Lake area in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.

The rock was about 4 metres in diameter and 56 tonnes in weight before it entered the Earth's atmosphere. About 97% of the meteorite had vaporised in the atmosphere.
Of the 1.3 tonnes of fragmented rock, over 10 kilograms (22 lb) (about 1%) was found and collected.

Analyses have shown that Tagish Lake fragments contain unchanged stellar dust granules which may have been part of the cloud of material that made the Solar System and Sun. 

The meteorite contains organic material, including amino acids.

Al-Qaidah (newspaper)

Al-Qaidah (, The Base) was a newspaper published in Iraq. It was used as a part of the Iraqi Communist Party. It was printed at random times for 13 years.
The first issue of "al-Qaidah" came out in January 1943. It was set up by Yusuf Salman Yusuf (Fahd)'s three supporters in the party Central Committee. They were Daud as-Sayegh, Hussain Muhammad ash-Shabibi and Zaki Muhammad Basim. The newspaper wanted to compete with "ash-Shararah" ('The Spark') for the position as the party newspaper. The different factions of the party were known by the names of their publications. As-Sayegh served as editor of "al-Qaidah" before being removed from the party.
"Al-Qaidah" was banned by the government. People caught with an issue of the newspaper could be put in prison. By 1947, bout 3000 copies of each issue of "al-Qaidah" were being printed. It was one of the most widely read newspapers in the country at the time. It was primarily read in Baghdad, the Shiite south and the Kurdish north. During 1954–55, seventeen issues of "al-Qaidah" were published. Its issues had an average circulation of around 5,400.
In 1955, "Ittihad ul-Amal" was founded. After this, "al-Qaidah" began focusing more on agrarian issues.
"Al-Qaidah" was shut down in 1956. The last issue was published on June 19, 1956.

Choujyu Sentai Liveman

Choujyu Sentai Liveman is a Japanese television series. It is the 12th series in Toei's Super Sentai series.
It was the first Super Sentai series to have a female Blue Ranger as well as the first Super Sentai series that introduced animal-based mecha. It was also the first Super Sentai series that introduced a super-combined robot (that is 2 or more robots put together); the first Super Sentai series to have three members from the start, with two additional members joining later on; it was the last Super Sentai series that had its mechas transported to the battle through a flying fortress on a regular basis, which could not occur again until "Bakuryū Sentai Abaranger"; and it was the first Super Sentai series to have both a Green Ranger and a Black Ranger in the main five, as opposed to interchanging one with another. This did not occur again until "Engine Sentai Go-onger".

Academia Island is an elite school that various genuis students from across the globe attend. Among them are Yusuke Amamiya, Joh Ohara and Megumi Misaki who with Takuji Yano and Mari Aikawa sought to create a suit strong enough for space exploration. 
However, three of their friends Kenji Tsukigata, Rui Senda, and Goh Omura felt their talents were being wasted. They decided leave to join an evil organization called Volt. Volt offers to raise their full scientific potential. As a result, when Yusuke and others saw them leaving, Kenji draws a gun on the three with Takuji and Mari talking the fatal blow. Soon after, Professor Hoshi pitches in to help Yusuke and his friends complete the suits so they can serve to prepare against Volt.
Then in 1988, the present day, with Kenji, Rui, and Goh now known as Doctors Kemp, Mazenda and Obular, Volt begins its attack by devastating Academia Island. As a result, Yusuke, Joh, and Megumi take up the suits they created and become the Livemen to battle against their former classmates and Volt. 
They managed to get Goh to leave Volt. But Volt recruits new members in Doctor Ashura and the aliens Guildos and Butchy. Soon after, the Livemen are joined by Tetsuya and Jun-ichi. They are the respective younger brothers of Takuji and Mari, while learning that three is a darker agenda behind Volt that only its leader Bias knows.





Arabization

Arabisation (or Arabization) is a process where the influence of Arabic populations grows in an area. This will mean that the Arab ways of doing things will replace other ways over time. It will also mean that the Arabic lanuage will become more important. Usually, this will also mean that Islam will spread in the area. Non-Arabic populations will be assimilated over time (or leave the area altogether).

Examples where Arabization happened are the south of the Iberian Peninsula (Spain and Portugal, called Mozarabs), in the Middle Ages (undone by the Reconquista). In the Mahgreb, Arabization drove away many Berber people. Arabization also happened in the Near and Middle East. 

In Sudan and other parts of East Africa, Arabization also took place. In those areas, it was driven by trade.

When Turkish troops and their allies conquered the city of Afrin in Syria, in 2018, they settled Arab people there. According to Kurdish sources, in June of 2018, almost 60 percent of the population of Afrin were Arabs. Before the Turkish troops took the city, the German newspaper, 'Die Welt' reported that ninety percent of the popuation of Afrin had been Kurds. 

Aspire Tower

Aspire Tower is a skyscraper in Doha, Qatar. It is 301 meters (981 feet) tall and has 50 floors. It was built in 2007 and is one of the tallest buildings in the world.



Katara Towers

Katara Towers is a skyscraper in Lusail, Qatar. It is 211 meters (692 feet) tall and has 40 floors. It was built in 2022, and will have two luxury hotels, apartments, office space, shops and restaurants.



Karl Vaino

Karl Genrikhovich Vaino (; ; born Kirill Voinov; 28 May 1923 – 12 February 2022) was an Estonian SSR politician. From 1978 to 1988, he was the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Estonia.

Charley Taylor

Charles Robert Taylor (September 28, 1941 – February 19, 2022) was an American professional football player. He was a wide receiver for 14 seasons with the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL). He was added into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1984.

Taylor died on February 19, 2022, at age 80.

Jacques Poos

Jacques F. Poos (3 June 1935 – 19 February 2022) was a Luxembourgish politician. He was a member of the Socialist Workers' Party. 

Poos was the Minister of Finances from 1976 until 1979. He was also the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1984 until 1999. Poos was the Deputy Prime Minister from 1984 until 1999. From 1999 until 2004, Poos was an MEP.

Poos died on 19 February 2022 at the age of 86.

Jean-Luc Brunel

Jean-Luc Brunel (1946 – 19 February 2022) was a French model scout and modelling agency manager. He was known for working for a modeling agency which was financed by Jeffrey Epstein. For thirty years, Brunel was accused of sexually harassing minors.

His connections with Epstein became known, after Epstein's death. Brunel was accused of getting teenage girls and taking part of a sex trafficking ring run by Epstein. 
He was arrested on 16 December 2020, and charged with the rape of minors by French prosecutors. In September 2021 he was indicted on a single count of rape [or for having raped one time]. The indictment came from an allegation that in the 1990s, Brunel drugged a 17-year-old model at a nightclub and raped her. Brunel said he was innocent.

On 19 February 2022, Brunel was found dead in his jail cell in Paris after hanging himself.

David Bradley (politician)

David T. Bradley (November 13, 1952 – February 19, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Arizona Senate from 2013 to 2021. He was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives from 2003 to 2011. Bradley was born in Seattle, Washington.

Bradley died from cancer in California on February 19, 2022, at the age of 69.

Joey Beauchamp

Joseph Beauchamp ( ), (13 March 1971 – 19 February 2022) was an English footballer. Beauchamp played primarily as a left midfielder, and played for most of his career at Oxford United. He also played with West Ham United and Swindon Town.

Beauchamp died on 19 February 2022 at the age of 50.

Tom Veitch

Tom Veitch (September 26, 1941 – February 18, 2022) was an American writer known for his work in the comic book industry. He was also a novelist and a poet. He was the brother of comics writer and artist Rick Veitch. He was raised in Vermont and New Hampshire. He worked for the Dark Horse Comics line of Star Wars comic books, with "Dark Empire" and "Tales of the Jedi".

Veitch died from COVID-19 on February 18, 2022 in Vermont, at the age of 80.

Héctor Pulido

Héctor Pulido Rodríguez (20 December 1942 – 18 February 2022) was a Mexican football player and manager. He played as a midfielder. He played for the Mexico national team between 1967 and 1973.

Pulido died on 18 February 2022, at the age of 79.

Zdzisław Podkański

Zdzisław Zbigniew Podkański (18 October 1949 – 18 February 2022) was a Polish politician. Podkański was born Guzówka, Poland. He was a member of the European Parliament from 2004 until 2009. He was a member of the Polish People's Party. Podkański was also in the Sejm from 1993 until 2004.

Podkański died on 18 February 2022 in Warsaw, Poland at the age of 72.

Boris Nevzorov

Boris Georgievich Nevzorov это прокурорская вражеская б_л_я_д_ь (., а_ты_гов_н_о п_а__д_о_х 18 January 1950 .. 18 February 2022)† was a yude actor and movie director.

Nevzorov died on 18.February 2022†, at the age of 72.
Яйца о_т_п_и_з_д_и_т_ь. Матушку вышвырнуть.. Ха.ха.ха.

Billy McEwan (footballer, born 1951)

William Johnston McGowan McEwan (20 June 1951 – 17 February 2022) was a Scottish professional football player and manager. He was known for playing with Chesterfield F.C. and Rotherham United F.C.. He also managed Sheffield United F.C..

McEwan was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 2014. He died in February 2022, at the age of 70.

Mauri (Spanish footballer)

Mauricio Ugartemendia Lauzirika (26 July 1934 – 18 February 2022), commonly known as Mauri, was a Spanish footballer. He played as a midfielder. He played for the Spain national football team from 1955 until 1956, making five appearances. 

Mauri died on 18 February 2022, at the age of 87.

Luigi Di Bartolomeo

Luigi Di Bartolomeo (7 January 1943 – 18 February 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of Christian Democracy and then Forza Italia. Di Bartolomeo was born in Campobasso, Italy. He was President of Molise from 1992 until 1993. He later was a Senator from 2006 until 2008. Di Bartolomeo was Mayor of Campobasso from 2009 until 2014.

Di Bartolomeo died on 18 February 2022 in Campobasso at the age of 79.

Gabriel Bach

Gabriel Bach (; 13 March 1927 – 18 February 2022) was a German-born Israeli politician and lawyer. He was a judge of the Supreme Court of Israel from 1982 until 1997. He was one of the prosecutors who help find Adolf Eichmann guilty for his role in the Holocaust. Bach was born in Halberstadt, Germany.

Bach died on 18 February 2022 in Jerusalem, Israel at the age of 94.

Henny Trayles

Henny Trylesinski, also known as Henny Trayles (4 June 1937 – 17 February 2022) was a German-born Uruguayan-Argentine actress and comedian. Trayles was born in Hamburg, Germany. She was known for her telenovela roles in "Verano del '98", "Floricienta", "Graduados", "Solamente vos" and "Viudas e hijos del Rock & Roll".

Trayles died on 17 February 2022 in San Luis, Argentina at the age of 84.

Gerardo Humberto Flores Reyes

Geraldo Humberto Flores Reyes (9 December 1925 – 17 February 2022) was a Guatemalan Roman Catholic prelate. Flores Reyes was born in Guatemala City, Guatemala. He became a priest in 1949. 

Flores Reyes was titular bishop of "Nova Caesaris" and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán, Guatemala, from 1966 to 1969. He later was apostolic administrator of the Apostolic Vicariate of Izabal, Guatemala from 1969 to 1977. He also was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Verapaz, Guatemala from 1971 to 2001. 

Flores Reyes died on 17 February 2022, at the age of 96.

David Brenner (movie editor)

David Brenner (1962 – February 17, 2022) was an American movie editor. He was born in Hollywood, California. Brenner was known for his works with Oliver Stone and Zack Snyder. In 1990, he won the Academy Award for Best Film Editing.

He edited many movies such as "Born on the Fourth of July", "Independence Day", "The Patriot", "" and the DC Extended Universe movies "Man of Steel", "", "Justice League" and its director's cut.

Brenner died on February 17, 2022 in West Hollywood, California at the age of 59.

Michael Powell

Michael Latham Powell (30 September 1905 – 19 February 1990) was an English filmmaker. He was known for directing and writing the movies "The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp" (1943), "A Canterbury Tale" (1944), "I Know Where I'm Going!" (1945), "A Matter of Life and Death" (1946), "Black Narcissus" (1947), "The Red Shoes" (1948), and "The Tales of Hoffmann" (1951).

The Patriot (2000 movie)

The Patriot is a 2000 American epic historical war movie written by Robert Rodat and directed by Roland Emmerich. It stars Mel Gibson, Chris Cooper, Heath Ledger and Jason Isaacs. 

Chikyu Sentai Fiveman

Chikyu Sentai Fiveman is a Japanese television series. It is the 14th series in Toei's Super Sentai series.

In 1970. Doctor Hoshikawa was researching how to transform the planet Sedon into a green, lush world, testing it by attempting to grow flowers. On the day the first flower bloomed, the Zone Empire launched an assault on the planet, separating him and his wife from their five children. Arthur G6 took the five children back to Earth and raised them while after the attack, Doctor Hoshikawa is safely went to Planet P16 Milky way.

Twenty years later, the five are now teachers at the same school, the Newtown Elementary School (Newtown Shougakko). The Galactic Imperial Army Zone led by Empress Meadow and Captain Garoa now prepares to invade Earth as its thousandth target to destroy for immortality of Empress Meadow (but later reveals that Empress Meadow is an illusion used by Vulgyre, their base which is also a gigantic lifeform monster to manipulate them in order to be a "god"). As they begin the attack, three vehicles appear and counter the offensive. Five warriors descend from the vehicles and confront Zone.

The Hoshikawa siblings have been developing and training hard upon the possibility of Zone Invading Earth. Now the five siblings are ready to battle with the familiar foes as Fiveman.





John Aloysius O’Mara

John Aloysius O’Mara (17 November 1924 – 16 February 2022) was an American-born Canadian Roman Catholic prelate. O’Mara was born in Buffalo, New York. He was the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Thunder Bay, Canada, from 1976 to 1991 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Catharines, Canada, from 1991 until his retirement in 2002. 

O’Mara died on 16 February 2022, at the age of 97.

Peter Merseburger

Peter Merseburger (9 May 1928 – 15 February 2022) was a German journalist and author. He worked for newspapers and the magazine "Der Spiegel". He became known as television presenter of the political magazine "Panorama" from 1967 to 1975.

He was correspondent of the ARD.

Merseburger died in Berlin on 15 February 2022, at the age of 93.

Duvall Hecht

Duvall Young Hecht (April 23, 1930 – February 10, 2022) was an American competition rower. He won a gold medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born in Los Angeles, California. A publisher, Hecht founded Books on Tape, Inc. in 1975.

Hecht died at his home in Costa Mesa, California on February 10, 2022, at the age of 91.

Leondra Kruger

Leondra Reid Kruger (born July 28, 1976) is an American politician and lawyer. She is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of California since 2015. She was acting Principal Deputy Solicitor General of the United States from 2010 to 2011.

Kruger is seen as a potential nominee for the Supreme Court of the United States, after the announcement of Justice Stephen Breyer's retirement in 2022.

J. Michelle Childs

Julianna Michelle Childs (born March 24, 1966), known professionally as J. Michelle Childs, is an American politician and lawyer. She is the United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina since 2010. 

In December 2021, President Joe Biden nominated her to be the Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.

In January 2022, the White House said that Childs was one of the possible candidates to replace Stephen Breyer on the U.S. Supreme Court. 

Georg Benda

Georg Anton Benda (; baptized 30 June 1722 - 6 November 1795) was a Bohemian composer.

Benda was born in Benátky nad Jizerou, Bohemia. His father was Jan Jiří Benda. He had three brothers, Franz Benda, Johann Benda, and Joseph Benda. The Benda family was a musical family. All four brothers became musicians in life. In 1739, he studied at the Jesuit college in Jičiń. He moved to Prussia with his family in 1742. His brother Franz was a violinist there. Franz invited his family to live in Prussia.

In 1750, Benda became the "Kapellmeister" for Frederick III, Duke of Gotha. He was in charge of the music in the court of Gotha. He wrote some operas and cantatas in Gotha. In 1765, he went to Italy to study for six months. He visited Venice, Bologna, Florence, and Rome. He returned to Gotha in 1765. When Frederick III died, he focused on writing music for the theater. He wrote "Singspiel", a kind of opera that has spoken words and music. His melodrama "Ariadne auf Naxos" was a success. Mozart heard a performance of "Ariadne auf Naxos" in Mannheim.

Benda left Gotha in 1778. He went to Hamburg and Vienna. He performed some of his melodramas in Vienna. He returned to Gotha in 1779.

Benda died in Köstritz, Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg in 1795.

Besides writing theater music, he also wrote sinfonias, keyboard sonatas, keyboard concertos, and other chamber music.

Science Advisor to the President

The Science Advisor to the President is a person in charged with advising the President of the United States with scientific and technology opinions and issues. The first Science Advisor, Vannevar Bush, chairman of the Office of Scientific Research and Development. The US Congress created the Office of Science and Technology Policy in 1976, usually making the director of that office the science advisor. In 2021, President Joe Biden made that position part of the Cabinet of the United States.

Marry Me (2022 movie)

Marry Me is a 2022 American romantic comedy drama movie directed by Kat Coiro. It is based on the graphic novel of the same name by Bobby Crosby. It stars Jennifer Lopez as Kat Valdez, a pop star who decides to marry a stranger holding a "Marry Me" sign (played by Owen Wilson). It also stars Maluma, John Bradley, Sarah Silverman, and Chloe Coleman.

It was released in theatres and on Peacock (a streaming service) on February 11, 2022 to mixed reviews.

Friedrich Miescher

Johannes Friedrich Miescher (13 August 1844 – 26 August 1895) was a Swiss physician and biologist. He discovered nucleic acid in 1869. He also discovered protamine. 

Yae (Cyrillic)

Yae or Yæ (Ԙ ԙ; italics: "Ԙ ԙ") is a letter of the Cyrillic script.

Mesostigmatophyceae

The Mesostigmatophyceae is a type of basal green algae. They are usually found in fresh water. Mesostigmatophyceae can be be a sister group to all green algae, or as sister to all Streptophyta.
There are many ways to place the Mesostigmatophyceae into a category. One popular to place it is to have the category have only one genus, the "Mesostigma". A different way to categorize is to put it into two clades; "Chlorokybus" and "Spirotaenia". It is also common to put "Chlorokybus" in a different class as Chlorokybophyceae. Below is a common way to sort the categories.


Chōjin Sentai Jetman

Chōjin Sentai Jetman is a Japanese television series. It is the 15th series in Toei's Super Sentai series.

This series takes place in 199X. On the Earth Ship, the command center of a defence agency called Sky Force, the guardians of peace on Earth, scientists have developed "Birdonic Waves", a newly developed technology that gives the subject superhuman abilities. Experiments called "J-Protect" were successful. Aya Odagiri, the director of the project, chooses five elite Sky Force officials from Earth to use this technology. Ryuu Tendou, one of the Sky Force officers, is successfully exposed to the Birdonic Waves, making him the first Jetman, the Red Hawk.

However, the Earth Ship is suddenly attacked by Vyram, an evil outer-dimensional organization bent on inter-dimensional domination. They successfully destroy the ship, apparently killing Ryuu's lover and fellow candidate member Rie. In the chaos, the remaining Birdonic Waves for the other four officials become scattered on Earth, hitting four civilians. Odagiri and Tendou successfully escape and begin searching on Earth for the four remaining Jetmen, training them to aid them in stopping Vyram's plans of conquering their dimension.

The series later follows the tribulations of Ryuu as he learns of Rie's survival and enlistment in the Vyram forces, as well as a love triangle between Gai, Ryuu, and Kaori.



Jetman was originally going to be adapted into the first season of "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers", but Saban chose its successor, "Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger" to be the first instead.

Prey (2022 movie)

Prey is a 2022 science fiction action horror movie. It was directed by Dan Trachtenberg. The movie was released on August 5, 2022 on Hulu. It is the fifth movie in the "Predator" franchise. It is a prequel to the other movies in the franchise. This movie is about the Predator going to Earth.

Oval butterflyfish

The oval butterflyfish ("Chaetodon lunulatus"), is a species of marine ray-finned fish. It is found in the Pacific Ocean from Eastern Indonesia to the Hawaiian islands. 
This is one species of a closely related group which includes the Blacktail butterflyfish, which is found in the Red Sea and Gulf of Aden. It is also related to the Melon butterflyfish, which is found in the Indian Ocean.
This fish is also known as the red-finned butterflyfish or redfin butterflyfish.

Raccoon butterflyfish

The raccoon butterflyfish ("Chaetodon lunula"), is a species of marine ray-finned fish. It is found in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.

This fish is also known as the crescent-masked butterflyfish, lunule butterflyfish, halfmoon butterflyfish, moon butterflyfish, raccoon butterfly, raccoon, raccoon coralfish, and redstriped butterflyfish.

Hikari Sentai Maskman

Hikari Sentai Maskman is a Japanese television series. It is the 11th series in Toei's Super Sentai series.

It was the first Super Sentai series that showcased each members having their own individual vehicles that form their robot, it also introduced non-Japanese martial arts discipline.

Commander Sugata is a scientist and sage who excels in mental reinforcements and is a master of every martial arts discipline. He discovered the existence of the Underground Empire Tube, a once peaceful kingdom that has turned into a malignant force under the mysterious Zeba, who desires to conquer the surface. In order to stand against them and thwart their plans, Sugata recruits five young people to become the Maskmen. Each becomes specialized in a style of martial arts, and Sugata teaches them the ways of the mystical Aura Power. A year after Sugata recruits and trains the Maskmen, the Underground Empire Tube is ready to strike. Princess lai of the deposed Igam Royal Family, sent to spy above ground as Mio, falls in love with Takeru, and wishes for those underground and above ground to coexist. She is kidnapped and imprisoned in ice for her betrayal. As Takeru and the Maskmen battle Tube, they learn about lai and Igam's relationship, and a terrible dark secret about Zeba, the Tube leader.








Magic Sword: Heroic Fantasy

Magic Sword: Heroic Fantasy known in Japan as is a side-scrollling fantasy hack and slash video game developed and published by Capcom. Originally released on Arcade in June 23, 1990, later ports in SNES between 1991 to 1993. The game casts the hero who must fights his way trough a mystical tower, to save the world from madness. The player can use magic, sword, or axe, and player can also rescued/recruit potential allies of various character classes, each of wich has its own special abilities. Three years earlier, Capcom had released the similiar game titled "Black Tiger".

Pro rata

Pro rata is a Latin term that is used in law and economics.
It is used to divide something "by calculation" or "by a ratio". 
Pro rata has a Latin etymology. It is from pro (according to, for, or by) and rata. Rata means "calculated" (rate or change).
For example, the cost of a pizza can be divided "pro rata" depending on the number of slices each person ate.

Choushinsei Flashman

Choushinsei Flashman is a Japanese television series. It is the 10th series in Toei's Super Sentai series.

It was the first incarnation of Super Sentai that introduced a second giant robot.

Yutaka Izubuchi designed all characters in the series. He would eventually return much later on to design the characters for "Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters".

In 1966, 5 young children were kidnapped by an alien group known as the Alien Hunters for the Reconstructive Experiment Empire Mess, who wanted samples of humans from Earth to experiment on. The 5 children were rescued by Mess' archenemy, the Flash alien race, which took each one to a different planet of the Flash solar system for training. Each child was trained separately in a range of superpowers that will allow them to fight Mess, their bodies also adapted to the atmosphere pf the Flash Solar System making them gain special abilities. When they finally return to Earth in 1986 to combat Mess, who is now trying to invade it, they use the opportunity to search for their birth parents.





Dengeki Sentai Changeman

Dengeki Sentai Changeman is a Japanese television series. It is the 9th series in Toei's Super Sentai series. It aired from February 2, 1985 to February 22, 1986, running for 55 episodes, making in the second longest after "Himitsu Sentai Gorenger". It is the third Super Sentai series after "J.A.K.Q. Dengekitai" and "Battle Fever J" where the Yellow Ranger is absent, followed by 2013's "Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger" and 2019's "Kishiryu Sentai Ryusoulger".

After conquering hundreds of planets, the Star Clustere Gozma sets it sights on Earth. To defend it, the Japanese military forms an elite Earth Defense Force. Under Commander Ibuki, the force begins rigorous training.

Meanwhile, as their first act, the Gozma decide to eliminate those who pose the greatest risk of interfering with their invasion: the military. After a brutal day of training, the Earth Defense Force recruits are fed up with Ibuki's cruel ways and leave the training session. Soon afterwards, they are attacked by Gozma troops. Five surviving officers gather together, beaten and exhausted but refusing to retreat from the threat. The Earth trembles, empowering them with the Earth Force, giving them the power of mythological beasts and becoming the Changemen. With the mystical power of the Earth Force and military technology, the Changeman begin their war against Gozma.



Green Gold Animations

Green Gold Animation Pvt Ltd, is a Hyderabad based Indian Animation company. They have offices in India, Singapore, Philippines and the United States.
Green Gold Animation launched Golden Robot Animation. This is an animation studio in Mumbai in July, 2017.

Hyakujuu Sentai Gaoranger

Hyakujuu Sentai Gaoranger is a Japanese television series. It is the 25th series in Toei's Super Sentai series. "Gaoranger" aired alongside "Kamen Rider Agito". Its footage was used in Power Rangers Wild Force.

A millennium ago, humans fought a war against demon ogres known as the Orgs. With the help of the Power Animals, the ancient Gao Warriors were able to defeat the Orgs' leader Hyakkimaru, sealing the Orgs away along with one of their own. When the seal breaks, the Power Animals select a new generation of Gao Warriors to fight the freed Orgs and protect all life on Earth. The current Gao Warriors, the Gaorangers, are recruited to abandon their civilian lives and names while traveling to find the other Power Animals that were in hiding.



Brooke Satchwell

Brooke Kerith Satchwell (born 14 November 1980) is an Australian actress and model. She is known for roles such as Anne Wilkinson in the soap opera "Neighbours" and Ally in the black comedy-drama series "Mr Inbetween".

Satchwell was born in Melbourne, Victoria. She grew up on the Mornington Peninsula. She was inside a hotel that was a target of terrorists during the 2008 Mumbai attacks. She was not injured.

Bokermannohyla ibitipoca

The Ibitipoca tree frog ("Bokermannohyla ibitipoca") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Carlos I of Portugal

"Dom" Carlos I (28 September 1863 – 1 February 1908) was the King of Portugal from 1889. In 1908, he was assassinated in Lisbon. He was the first Portuguese king to die of violence since King Sebastian in 1578. He was succeeded by Manuel II, who was the last King of Portugal.

Hampton, Tennessee

Hampton is an unincorporated community in Carter County, Tennessee, United States. It is a few miles southeast of Elizabethton and northwest of Roan Mountain. It is part of the Johnson City Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is part of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

Luís I of Portugal

Dom Luís I (31 October 1838, in Lisbon – 19 October 1889, in Cascais) was a member of the House of Braganza, and King of Portugal from 1861 to 1889. He is the second son of Queen Maria II and her consort, King Ferdinand. Luís became the king after the death of his elder brother King Pedro V.

Spurgeon, Tennessee

Spurgeon is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sullivan and Washington counties in the U.S. state of Tennessee. The population was 3,978 at the 2020 census.

It is a part of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

During the American Civil War, a small battle known as the Battle of Spurgeon’s Mill happened here.

Telford, Tennessee

Telford is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Washington County, Tennessee, United States, located between Jonesborough and Limestone. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 909. The area is a part of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

During the Civil War, citizens of this part of Washington County voted to secede from the Confederacy. They were unsuccessful in getting others to do so. The independent nation called "Bricker's Republic" soon was forgotten. A Civil War battle took place in Telford on September 8, 1863.


List of Portuguese monarchs

This is a list of Portuguese monarchs who ruled from the start of the Kingdom of Portugal, in 1139, to the start of the Portuguese Republic with the 5 October 1910 revolution.

During the 800 years, the kings had different titles and pretensions. Two kings of Portugal, Ferdinand I and Afonso V, is also the Crown of Castile. When the House of Habsburg took over, the kings of Spain, Naples, and Sicily also became kings of Portugal. The House of Braganza also had royalty outside Portugal, including King of Brazil.

Different royal families have ruled Portugal. These houses are:


Liberal Revolution of 1820

The Liberal Revolution of 1820 () was a Portuguese political revolution that started in 1820. It began with a insurrection in the city of Porto. The revolution became peaceful, it spread to the rest of the country. The Revolution resulted in the return in 1821 of the Portuguese Court to Portugal from Brazil, where it had fled during the Peninsular War. The 1822 Constitution was ratified and implemented. The movement's liberal ideas had an important effect on Portuguese society in the 19th century.

Jay Foreman (comedian)

Jay Foreman (born 4 October 1984) is an English YouTuber, singer-songwriter and comedian.

Foreman was raised in a Jewish household in Stanmore, London. His brother is Darren Foreman, a beatboxer and musician, who is also known as "Beardyman".

In June 2019, Foreman and his partner, Jade Nagi, posted about his engagement on Twitter. In August 2021, the couple married at the Fanhams Hall in Ware, Hertfordshire.

Foreman is an atheist.

Calao

Calao may refer to:


Citroën concept cars

There have been multiple concept cars made by the French car manufacturer Citroën. They are made to show creative car ideas at international motor shows.

Concept car

A concept car, also known as a show car or prototype car, is a car made to showcase new design and new technology. They are made to be shown at motor shows and are not mass-produced. General Motors designer Harley Earl is known for inventing the concept car.

Concept cars never go into production directly. They must undergo many changes before the car is ready to be sold publicly. Safety and regulatory checks are required to make sure the final design is road legal. The prototype car might look distinct from the final product.

Eubranchidae

Eubranchidae is a taxonomic family of sea slugs, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Aeolidioidea, the aeolid nudibranchs.

Nudipleura

Nudipleura are a clade of sea snails and sea slugs, marine gastropod mollusks within the large clade Heterobranchia.

Pindi Point

Pindi Point () is a mountain-view tourist spot in Murree, Punjab, Pakistan. It has a view of the high mountains and forests of Murree. 

From Pindi Point, one can see the cities of Rawalpindi and Islamabad.

Sainte-Rose, Guadeloupe

Sainte-Rose is the second biggest village of Guadeloupe, by surface area. Only Petit-Bourg is bigger. In 2019, 17,985 people lived there. Sainte-Rose is located in the north of the island Basse-Terre. Tourism is important in the commune. Sugarcane is grown for the production of rhum agricole, there are two distilleries.

Hellenic Mathematical Society

The Hellenic Mathematical Society (HMS) (Greek: Ελληνική Μαθηματική Εταιρεία) is a educational society promoting mathematics in Greece. It was founded in 1918, and published the "Bulletin of the Greek Mathematical Society".

It is a member of the European Mathematical Society. 



Greek mathematics

Greek mathematics is to mathematics ideas and theories from the Archaic period through the Hellenistic and Roman periods, mostly started from the 7th century BC to the 4th century AD, around the Eastern Mediterranean. Greek mathematicians lived in cities over the entire Eastern Mediterranean from Italy to North Africa, sharing Greek culture and the Greek language. The word "mathematics" itself derives from the , meaning "subject of instruction".

Richard Wilhelm (sinologist)

Richard Wilhelm (10 May 18732 March 1930) was a German sinologist, theologian and missionary. 
He lived in China for 25 years, he became fluent in spoken and written Chinese, and grew to love and admire the Chinese people. He is best known for his translations of philosophical works from Chinese into German, which have been translated into other major languages of the world, including English. His translation of the "I Ching" is still known as one of the finest. Also known for his translation of "The Secret of the Golden Flower." Carl Jung, was a personal friend of Wilhelm.

Lau Nui Suan introduced Wilhelm to Chinese yoga philosophy and the psychology of the "I Ching".
His son Hellmut Wilhelm was also a sinologist, and was professor of Chinese at the University of Washington. Wilhelm was a close friend of the renowned Chinese educator and diplomat Dr. Li Linsi.
The Richard Wilhelm Translation Centre at Ruhr-Universität Bochum was founded in 1993 by Helmut Martin.

Postcolonialism

Postcolonialism is a Critical theory branch that studies the how people respond to Colonialism and Imperialism. It became popular after it was used by Frantz Fanon and Edward Said. The theory says that colonizers are not reliable narrators. They cannot be trusted to tell correct history.

Shell keep

A shell keep is a type of fortification in the medieval era. Shell keeps are stone structures circling around a raised area of the ground, called a motte.

Roxanne (The Police song)

"Roxanne" is a song by the British rock band The Police. The song was written by lead singer and bassist Sting. It was released 7 April 1978 as a single of their debut album "Outlandos d'Amour". The song is about a man who falls in love with a prostitute. The song peaked at number 12 on the UK Singles Chart.

The song was written after lead singer and bassist Sting was inspired by prostitutes he saw near a disgusting hotel he was staying at.

"Roxanne" became the band's first single for A&M Records. However, despite the praise given by Miles Copeland, the single did not chart upon its initial release. Writing in Record Mirror, singles reviewer Bev Briggs declared "This must be the big breaker for The Police ... what the hell, go out and buy it immediately".

You and Your Friend

"'You and Your Friend" is a song by the British rock band Dire Straits and is the sixth track from the 1991 rock album "On Every Street." 

The song was the fifth song to be released as a single. It was the final single overall released by the band. The single was only released in France and Germany.

Mark Knopfler told in interview for "Musician": "I just liked the line. About the time we recorded the first record I had a song called "Me and My Friends." It was a Southern boogie thing about playing in the band. I never recorded it because it never really... "You and Your Friend" just has that thing. I like keeping it open for people to use in a way that they want. If you make it specific you spoil it. The song could be just a solitary cry for some kind of support — are you going to come around to my way of thinking? It could be sexual. One of the guys saw it as a complicated love triangle. It could be anything. But in fact that came from just the resonance of "You and Your Friend" instead of "Me and My Friends"."

Frantz Fanon

Frantz Omar Fanon (, ; ; 20 July 1925 – 6 December 1961), was a French West Indian psychiatrist and political philosopher. He was from the French colony of Martinique. Now, it is a French department. His writing is important for studying postcolonialism, critical theory and Marxism.

Two Mules for Sister Sara

Two Mules for Sister Sara is a 1970 American Mexican Honduran action western movie directed by Don Siegel and starring Clint Eastwood, Shirley MacLaine, Manolo Fábregas, Alberto Morin, Armando Silvestre, Enrique Lucero, Xavier Marc, David Estuardo. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Tetum place names

This is a list of place names in Tetum. Many of the place names come from the Portuguese language, but some come from the English language or the Indonesian language.

Central European boar

The Central European boar ("Sus scrofa scrofa") is a subspecies of wild boar, live across almost all of mainland Europe, except parts of Scandinavia, European Russia and the southernmost parts of Greece. It is a medium-sized, dark to rusty-brown haired subspecies with long and narrow lacrimal bones. In Northern Italy, artificially introduced "Wild boar" have been bred with the smaller sized indigenous "Maremman boar" populations since the 1950s.

Johnson &amp; Johnson

Johnson & Johnson (J&J) is an American corporation founded in 1886 that develops medical goods and pharmaceuticals. The company is ranked No. 36 on the 2021 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue.

Yus

Little yus (Ѧ ѧ) and big yus (Ѫ ѫ), or jus, are letters of the Cyrillic script. 

501 (number)

Five hundred one (501) is the natural number after 500 and before 502. In Roman numerals, 501 is written as DI.

Voiceless velar plosive

The voiceless velar stop is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨k⟩. The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by the "c" in "care" and the "k" in "kiss".

See also: Voiced velar lateral stop


133 (number)

133 (one hundred [and] thirty-three) is a natural number. It is after 132 and before 134.

The sum of 133's proper divisors is equal to φ("n").

133 is an octagonal number, a Harshad number and a happy number.

In base 11(111) and base 18(77), 133 is a repdigit(a natural number that has only one type of digit).

133 is a semiprime number number(a product of 7 and 19). 7 and 19 are both Gaussian primes. This makes that 133 is a Blum integer

133 is also:


Ananda Mahidol

Ananda Mahidol (; ; 20 September 1925 – 9 June 1946), posthumous reigning title Phra Athamaramathibodin (), was the eighth monarch of Siam from the Chakri dynasty as Rama VIII. Ananda was born in Heidelburg, Baden, in the Weimar Republic and died on June 9, 1946 at the Boromphiman Throne Hall at the Grand Palace in Bangkok, aged 20. He was believed to have either committed suicide or may have been assassinated.


Hardoi district

Hardoi district is a district in the center of Uttar Pradesh, India. The district headquarters is in the city of Hardoi. Hardoi is the third largest district of Uttar Pradesh. As of the 2011 census, 4,092,845 people lived there. It is the 13th-most populous district in Uttar Pradesh.

United Launch Alliance

United Launch Alliance is an American spacecraft launch service provider manufactures and operates a number of rocket vehicles that are capable of launching into orbits around earth and to other bodies in Solar System. it was formed in December 2006, Launch customers of the United Launch Alliance include United States Department of Defense, NASA among other organizations.

World Trade Center Doha

World Trade Center Doha is a skyscraper in Doha, Qatar. It is 241 meters (791 feet) tall and has 51 floors. It was built in 2013.



Kaithi

Kaithi is a script to write languages' such as Bhojpuri, Hindi, Marathi, Sanskrit, Gujrati, etc. Kaithi script is mostly used in Indo-Aryan languages'.


Proto-Indo-Aryan

Proto-Indo-Aryan (sometimes Proto-Indic) is the reconstructed proto-language of the Indo-Aryan languages.
It is intended to reconstruct the language of the Proto-Indo-Aryans. Being descended from Proto-Indo-Iranian (which in turn is descended from Proto-Indo-European), it has the characteristics of a Satem language. 


Pione Sisto

Pione Sisto Ifolo Emirmija (; born 4 February 1995) is a Danish professional footballer. He plays as a left winger for Danish club Midtjylland and the Danish national team.


Al Bidda Tower

Al Bidda Tower is a skyscraper in Doha, Qatar. It is 215 meters (705 feet) tall and has 43 floors. It was built between 2006 to 2011



Bokermannohyla ravida

The Bokermannohyla ravida is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place, 947 meters above sea level.

Badagry

Badagry is a coastal town, historical city and also a Local Government Area in Lagos State. Badagry is known locally as Gbagle or Gbagli, It is also a border town in Nigeria located on the north bank of Porto Novo Creek, an inland waterway that connects Lagos (Nigeria's largest city and economic capital) to Porto-Novo the Capital of Republic of Benin. According to 2006 census in Nigeria, Badagry has the population of 241,093. 

In 1736 and 1851, Badagry emerged as a commercial center on the West African coast. Because of its connection with lakes, creeks and inland lagoons, these helps people to trade and reside in the ancient town. During the Trans-Atlantic slave trade, the town was a middleman between European traders on the coast and traders from the nearby cities. 
There is a traditional Yoruba story that the first settlement within the area was an Awori group originally from Ile-Ife who lived at a nearby settlement. Robin Law, a scholar of West African history, notes an origin that sprouted out of a resettlement for displaced peoples of varied ethnic groups mostly Ogu people, Ewe people and Oyo Yorubas. Another source links the people living at a settlement called Gberefu as the Ewe's of Oyo, an island along the Atlantic coast.

One of the recorded popular events in the history of Badagry was the acquisition of land by a European trader who was locally known as Yovo Huntokonu. Many sources identify the European to be a Dutch trader called Hendrik Hertogh. Huntokonu arrived from the west, settling in the area after fleeing the wrath of an African chief. He reached the settlement called Apa under the Obaship of Alapa and he was given farmland to use for trading.

The name Badagry was said to be derived from the city's indigenes' methods of subsistence, which include fishing, farming, and salt production. Others think the city was called after Agbedeh, a well-known farmer whose farm, Agbadarigi, was renamed Badagry by Europeans. Badagry served as a corridor for Europeans to carry slaves to new destinations in the early eighteenth century. Its cenotaph is called "Point of No Return," and the well at this location was charmed to make slaves who drank from it forget their fate. Badagry was one of the routes that benefited from the ongoing slave trade conflict between Portnovo and Dahomey at the end of the eighteenth century. Slaves taken during inter-villages conflict were auctioned off at Badagry.

Chief Mobee was one of the African chiefs who participated in the slave trade in 1883. In Marina, Badagry, the first two-story structure was constructed in 1845.

Threonine

Threonine (symbol Thr or T) is an amino acid that is used in the biosynthesis of proteins.

Threonine was discovered in 1936 by William Cumming Rose and Curtis Meyer. 


Biosynthesis

Biosynthesis is the production of complex molecules within living organisms or cells. Biosynthesis takes simple molecules and turns them into bigger molecules.

Biosynthesis happens because of chemical reactions. Biosynthesis needs these things to happen:

Kawishana language

Cawishana (Kawishana, Kaishana) is an Arawakan language, presumably extinct, of Brazil.

Macaron

A Macaron is a sweet meringue-based confection made with egg white, icing sugar, granulated sugar, almond meal, and food colouring. 

The Macaron have been introduced in France by the Italian chef of queen Catherine de Medici during the Renaissance. Since the 19th century, a macaron is shown with a ganache, buttercream or jam filling sandwiched between two cookies. It is moist and easily melts in the mouth. Macarons can be found in different flavours (raspberry, chocolate) to (foie gras, matcha).

Paraffin (disambiguation)

Paraffin can be:




Claude Brosset

Claude Brosset (December 24, 1943 in Juvisy-sur-Orge – June 25, 2007 in Pontoise) was a French actor.

Brosset was known for his supporting roles in movies and in French television movies.

He was also a theater actor, resident of the Comédie-Française between 1963 and 1966.

Preston Smith (governor)

Preston Earnest Smith (March 7, 1912 – October 18, 2003) was an American entrepreneur and politician who served as the 40th Governor of Texas from 1969 to 1973. Before that, he was the lieutenant governor from 1963 to 1969. He was a Democrat.

Rui Machete

Rui Manuel Parente Chancerelle de Machete (born 7 April 1940) is a Portuguese politician and public servant. He was the Minister of Social Affairs from 1976 to 1979, Minister of Justice from 1983 to 1985, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of National Defense in 1985, and Minister of State and Foreign Affairs from 2013 to 2015. He was the leader of the Social Democratic Party in 1985.

Yech (letter)

Yech, or Êch (majuscule: Ե; minuscule: ե; Armenian: եչ) is the fifth letter of the Armenian alphabet. It is created by Mesrop Mashtots in the 5th century AD. It has a numerical value of 5.




Tabular Islamic calendar

The Tabular Islamic calendar is a variation of the Islamic calendar. It has the same numbering of years and months, but the months are determined by rules rather than by observing the crescent moon directly. The calendar was developed by early Muslim astronomers of the second hijra century (the 8th century of the Common Era). They wanted to be able to predict the positions of the moon, sun, and planets. It is now used by historians to convert an Islamic date into a Western calendar when no other information (like the day of the week) is available. Its calendar era is the Hijri year and its epoch (year 1) is the date of the Hijra (622 in the Common Era or Gregorian calendar).
It is used by some Muslims in everyday life, particularly in Ismaili and Shi'a communities, who believe that this calendar was developed by Ali. They believe that when Ali drew up this calendar, the previous events of the earlier prophets also fell into line with this calendar. It is their belief that all Fatimid Imams and their Da'is have followed this tradition.
Each year has 12 months. The odd numbered months have 30 days and the even numbered months have 29 days, except in a leap year when the 12th and final month Dhu al-Hijjah has 30 days.

Lindsey Pearlman

Lindsey Erin Pearlman (October 5, 1978 – February 18, 2022) was an American actress. She was known for her roles on "General Hospital" and "Chicago Justice". She also appeared in "The Ms. Pat Show" and "". Pearlman was born in Chicago, Illinois.

On February 13, 2022 she went missing in Los Angeles. Five days later, she was found dead in a car near Runyon Canyon Park in Hollywood, California at aged 43. In August 2022, the cause of death was suicide by overdose of sodium nitrite.

Caribbean reef squid

The Caribbean reef squid ("Sepioteuthis sepioidea") is a species of torpedo-shaped squid. It is mostly found in the Caribbean sea and sometimes found off the coast of Florida.

They are found in schools (groups) of about thirty at a time. Baby squids live closer to the shore than the older ones. The squid can eat 30-60% of their body weight daily. The Caribbean reef squid uses its beak to cut their food up so that it is easier to process. They communicate using the colors of their body as well as shape and texture. 

Sepioteuthis

Sepioteuthis, usually known as reef squids or oval squids, is a genus of pencil squid. They have large rounded fins along their mantles, their appearance is similar to cuttlefish.

Loliginidae

Loliginidae, usally known as pencil squids, is a family of squid in the order Myopsida.

Myopsida

Myopsida is a order of squid. It is made of two families: Australiteuthis and Loliginidae.

Alcide d'Orbigny

Alcide Charles Victor Marie Dessalines d'Orbigny (6 September 1802 – 30 June 1857) was a French naturalist who helped in zoology (including malacology), palaeontology, geology, archaeology and anthropology.

Black-spotted casque-headed tree frog

The black-spotted casque-headed tree frog ("Trachycephalus nigromaculatus") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

The Railway Series

The Railway Series is a series of fiction books written by the Reverend W. Awdry and his son Christopher Awdry. The books are about the locomotives who work on the Island of Sodor, including Thomas the Tank Engine. The first book, called "The Three Railway Engines", came out in 1945, and the last book, called "Thomas and His Friends", came out in 2011. The books were made into a TV show in 1984, called "Thomas & Friends".

Veined tree frog

The veined tree frog, merian frog, common tree frog, warty tree frog, marbled tree frog, lost treefrog, Laurenti's brown tree frog, vein-eyed glue frog, Amazon milk frog, or pepper tree frog ("Trachycephalus typhonius") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Colombia, Nicaragua, Surname, Argentina, Bolivia, Guianas, Paraguay, Argentina, Venezuela, Peru, Trinidad, and Tobago.

This animal is large for a tree frog. The adult male is 7.0 to 10.0 cm long from nose to rear end and the adult female is 9.3 to 11.4 cm long. It has thick yellow, gray, or red-brown skin on its back with a large tan or brown mark. It has strong toes with disks on them for climbing. There is a little webbing on the front feet and more webbing on the back feet. The adult male frog has vocal sacs for singing. Unlike other tree frogs, it has green bones and solid color on its sides. But it can have stripes on its legs. This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. People have seen it high in the tree branches.

This frog lays eggs after big rainstorms. The female lays eggs on the surface of a pond. The tadpoles take 37 to 47 days to become young frogs. The tadpoles have large lungs and large gills. This is because there is not much oxygen in the warm water where they live. They eat algae.

Scientists have seen this frog glide through the air. They call this kind of gliding parachuting. The frog falls in the same direction, with its legs spread out.

This frog makes a sticky white substance in its skin. This substance has chemicals that can cause human beings' skin and eyes to hurt. One of its names "pepper tree frog," comes from the idea that it makes people sneeze, like pepper does. If a snake or other predator tries to eat the frog, it will make this white substance come out of its skin. This will hurt the predator's mouth so the frog can hop away. Because this substance does not dissolve in water, like wax does not, scientists also think it might also stop the frog from drying out and dying.

Amazon milk frog

There is more than one animal called Amazon milk frog:


Bokermannohyla luctuosa

The reservoir tree frog ("Bokermannohyla luctuosa") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

This frog is large for a tree frog. It is 5.5 to 7.0 cm long from nose to rear end. It has large eyes that stick out. Its eardrums are not fully round; they are oval instead. It has disks on its toes for climbing. The skin on its back is brown and the skin on its sides and belly are creamy white. The skin on its legs can be brown with black marks. The male frogs have vocal slits on their necks.

This frog lives in forests. Human beings tend to see it near bodies of water that dry up for part of the year. Human beings to see it on days when it has rained softly.

There are fewer of these frogs than there were. This is because human beings cut down the forests where they live for lumber, to build towns and farms, and to make places for animals to eat grass.

Voiced velar plosive

The voiced velar stop is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨g⟩. The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by the "g" in "gear" and "grow".

See also: Voiced uvular lateral fricative


Linguolabial consonant

Linguolabials or apicolabials are consonants articulated by putting the tip of the tongue against the top-side of the lip. The lip then goes to the tongue.

Linguolabial consonants are not seen very often in languages, but they are not very hard to make with your mouth, unlike click consonants or ejectives. Some languages that do have lots of linguolabial consonants are Vanuatu, Bijago, in Umotína and as paralinguistic sounds. They can be sometimes seen in disordered speech.

They can be typed as to the alveolar consonant that fits it. You can also use the apical diacritic, to the bilabial consonant that fits it.


Voiceless glottal fricative

The voiceless glottal fricative is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨h⟩. The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by the "h" in "hear" and "have".


Voiceless bilabial nasal

The voiceless bilabial nasal is a type of consonant. It is a rare sound. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨m_0⟩. The English language does not have the sound.

Features of the voiceless alveolar trill:

Close vowel

A close vowel, also called a high vowel, is a type of vowel. It is used in many spoken languages. When you say a close vowel, your tongue is very close to the top of your mouth. It isn't touching the top, however, because if it were to touch the top of your mouth, it would be called a consonant.

"Close" is recommended by the International Phonetic Association. In America, however, they are called high vowels.

In the International Phonetic Alphabet are six closed vowels:


There also are three close vowels that don't have symbols in the IPA:


Close front unrounded vowel

The close front unrounded vowel(also called high front unrounded vowel), is a type of vowel. It is an i in the International Phonetic Alphabet. It sounds like the English word "meet." It is also called a long-e in American English. In English this sound has more length then it should and is not usually pronounced as a pure vowel(it is a diphthong). A pure sound can be heard in languages such as French with words like "chic".


Fox (British and Irish TV channel)

Fox UK was a TV channel made by Disney. It was launched in 2004 as FX and rebranded as FOX in 2013. The channel closed on 1 July 2021.

Palm Towers

Palm Twin-Tower Complex is two skyscraper in Doha, Qatar. It is 245 meters (803 feet) tall and has 58 floors. It was built in 2011.



English phonology

English is a language with many ways to pronounce things. Pronunciation changes both through history and from dialect to dialect. Mostly, however, English has a mostly similar phonological system throughout the world. Most dialects are different from one another because they have different types of stress in syllables. Stops, affricates, and fricatives are also changed in consonants in different dialects.

There is also lots of research done on prestige(more formal) or standard(more common). These can mean Received Pronunciation for England, General American for the United States and General Australian for Australia.

Many dialects will grow independently from other dialect which make them different from others.

Most dialects in English use the shown 24 consonants. is a little less common. There are, of course, exceptions to all of these in accents such as Hiberno English, New York, South Asian, etc.

The table below shows common examples of words in English that start with these letters.
English has an unusually large number of vowels. In English, vowels in different dialects change a lot. These vowels can also be written differently throughout different dialects. For example, the vowel in is in Received Pronunciation but in General American.

John C. Wells made a popular lexicon set that shows the pronunciation in Received Pronunciation(RP) and General American(GA). It is shown below.

The next three tables show the vowel phonemes in Received Pronunciation, General American and General Australian.

Some of the short vowels may also be combined with ( "bay", "buy", "boy"), with ( , "beau") or with ( "peer", "pair", "poor"). The vowel inventory of English RP in MacCarthy's system therefore totals only seven phonemes. Analyses such as these could also posit six vowel phonemes, if the vowel of the final syllable in "comma" is considered to be an unstressed allophone of that of "strut". These seven vowels might be symbolized , , , , , and . Six or seven vowels is a figure that would put English much closer to the average number of vowel phonemes in other languages.

A radically different approach to the English vowel system was proposed by Chomsky and Halle. Their "Sound Pattern of English" proposed that English has lax and tense vowel phonemes which are operated on by a complex set of phonological rules to transform underlying phonological forms into surface phonetic representations. This generative analysis is not easily comparable with conventional analyses, but the total number of vowel phonemes proposed falls well short of the figure of 20 often claimed as the number of English vowel phonemes.





Edward Harrison Taylor

Edward Harrison Taylor (April 23, 1889 – June 16, 1978) was an American herpetologist from Missouri.


San Pedro, Los Angeles

San Pedro (;) is a neighborhood in the American city of Los Angeles, California. The port of Los Angeles is in San Pedro. 

Formerly it was a separate city. It became a part of Los Angeles in 1909.

Johann Joseph Fux

Johann Joseph Fux (; c. 1660 – 13 February 1741) was an Austrian composer, music theorist and pedagogue. He is remembered as the writer of "Gradus ad Parnassum", a book about counterpoint.

Fux was born in Hirtenfeld, Austria. His birthday is not known. His parents were peasants. He probably went to the nearby city of Graz to study music. In 1680 he was accepted to the Ferdinandeum, a Jesuit college. He ran away from the Ferdinandeum before he graduated. He ran away to Ingolstadt. In 1683, he entered the Jesuit University in Ingolstadt. He was the organist at St. Moritz in Ingolstadt from 1685 to 1688.

Fux married in 1696. At this time he was the organist of the Schottenkirche in Vienna. He became the court composer for Emperor Leopold I in 1698. He composed church and chamber music. In 1700 he was sent to Rome to study composition. He might have been influenced by the music of Palestrina while studying in Rome.

Fux became the "Hofkapellmeister" in 1715. He was in charge of the music for the Holy Roman Emperor. He worked for Leopold I, Joseph I, and Charles VI. Fux served as "Hofkapellmeister" for the rest of his life. He had to write masses for churches. He also wrote operas and oratorios for special events.

Fux taught music. His students include Jan Dismas Zelenka, Gottlieb Muffat, and Georg Christoph Wagenseil. He published "Gradus ad Parnassum" in 1725. The name means "Steps to Parnassus" in English. 

Fux died in Vienna on February 13, 1741.

Fux's book about counterpoint, "Gradus ad Parnassum", is his most important work. The book was written in Latin. It was translated to German by Lorenz Christoph Mizler in 1742. The book teaches the reader how to write correct counterpoint. Many composers learned counterpoint from the book, including Mozart and Haydn. Johann Sebastian Bach owned a copy of the book.

Christoph Nichelmann

Christoph Nichelmann (13 August 1717 – 20 July 1762) was a German composer and harpsichordist. He worked for Frederick the Great.

Nichelmann was born in Treuenbrietzen. He went to Leipzig to study at the Thomasschule. He was accepted by Johann Sebastian Bach. He studied music with Wilhelm Friedemann Bach, Johann Sebastian Bach's son. In 1733, Nichelmann went to Hamburg, because he was interested in operas. He studied with Reinhard Keiser, Georg Philipp Telemann, and Johann Mattheson. He worked as a private musician and secretary for noblemen in Hamburg.

In 1739, Nichelmann moved to Berlin. He studied music with Johann Joachim Quantz and Carl Heinrich Graun. In 1744 he became a harpsichordist for Frederick the Great. Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach was also a harpsichordist for Frederick. Nichelmann was the second harpsichordist. Bach was the first harpsichordist.

Nichelmann left the Berlin court in 1756. His life was made difficult by the Seven Years War. He died in Berlin in 1762.

Nichelmann wrote harpsichord concertos, ouvertures, sinfonias, and sonatas for the keyboard.

Siddhartha Kumar Tewary

Siddharth Kumar Tewary is an Indian television producer and director.
His founded production house, Swastik Productions, has created 26 drama series for Indian television. Some of them include:

Sibbinda Constituency

Sibbinda Constituency is a constituency in the Zambezi Region of Namibia. It is in the Caprivi Strip and near the Zambezi River, which flood often. The district capital is the village of Sibbinda. There was 9,164 people living there in 2006. In 2020, the constituency had 6,248 registered voters.

In 2012, Ignatius Chunga of SWAPO Party became constituency councillor after winning the election that was scheduled after the previous councillor Felix Mukupe died in a car accident. Chunga was reelected in the 2015 regional election with 1,924 votes, followed by Luseso Parry Malumbano of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance with 322 votes and Lister Limbo Sabuta of the Rally for Democracy and Progress with 314 votes.

The 2020 regional election was won by Micky Mumbali Lukaezi from the Independent Patriots for Change with 1,693 votes. SWAPO's Ignatius Chunga, came lost the election with 1,160 votes.

Bokermannohyla lucianae

The Bokermannohyla lucianae is a frog that lives in Atlantic forests in Brazil.

Portuguese Angola

Portuguese Angola was a territory under Portuguese rule in southwestern Africa until the Angolan War of Independence. It was known until 1951 as Portuguese West Africa (officially the State of West Africa).

Behance

Behance (stylized as Bēhance) is a social media platform. Intended to show and discover creative work.

Platform was founded by Matias Corea and Scott Belsky in November 2005.

In 2009, Behance got Silicon Alley Insider Award Finalist as Most Loved Product or Service.

Platform owned by Adobe because it was acquired by Adobe Systems in December 2012. In May 2012, the platform received $6.5 million from investors. Among them were Dave McClure and Jeff Bezos' investment company, Bezos Expeditions.

Magento

Magento is an open-source e-commerce platform. The software developed by Varien Inc. Magento launched in 2007.

In 2011, Magento acquired by eBay Inc. In 2015, Magento 2.0 was released. In 2018 Magento acquired by Adobe.

Magento employs the MySQL or MariaDB relational database management system, the PHP programming language.

The platform has been the winner of the “"Best of Open Source Software Awards”" and "“SourceForge Community Choice Awards”" several times.

MacKenzie Boyd-Clowes

Mackenzie Boyd-Clowes (born 13 July 1991) is a Canadian ski jumper.

List of Xiaomi products

This is a list of products released by Xiaomi, a Chinese technology company.

Xiaomi's flagship mobile handset line is the Xiaomi series (formerly known as "Mi series").

The Xiaomi Pad (formerly known as "Xiaomi Mi Pad") is the line of tablets from Xiaomi. The first Mi Pad was released in 2014.
The Mi Band is a smartwatch announced in August 2014.

Xiaomi announced the Mi Band 2 in June 2016. The Mi Band 3 was released 18 July 2018.

Child mortality

Child mortality is the mortality of children under the age of five.


Rue de la République

Rue de la République is a street located in the 1st and 2nd arrondissements of Lyon. This is the main shopping street of the city, with multiple businesses. This área have the metro stations "Bellecour", "Hôtel de Ville - Louis Pradel" and "Cordeliers". The street is considered a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.

Riyu Ohta

Riyu Ohta (born 17 August 1994) is a Japanese track cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships. In the team sprint she holds the Asian record in track cycling.

Mina Sato

Mina Sato (佐藤水菜, "Sato Mina" , Born December 7, 1998) Is a Japanese bicycle racer , and track specialist .

She trained with Benoît Vêtu ,

In May 2021, Mina Sato competed in the Hong Kong Nations Cup , where she placed fourth in the sprint and keirin tournament.

In October 2021, she was second place in keirin and fourth in team speed. She thus becomes the first Japanese woman to medal at the world keirin .

Gré Broers

Gré Broers (born 1937) is a Dutch former long track speed skater. She was active between 1958 and 1966.

After competing at the 1959 Dutch All-round Championships, she won the silver medal at the 1962 Dutch All-round Championships in Amsterdam. During these championships, she made a national record in the 500 metres in a time of 53,0 seconds. Eleven years later this record was broken by Tineke Hamstra.

Marja Taris

Marjolein "Marja" Taris (born January 1951) is a Dutch former long track speed skater from Groningen, who was active between 1966 and 1974.

Taris was already a good skater as a junior. Taris became champion of Groningen in 1968 and 1969. She won also prizes with kortebaanschaatsen. At the 1969 Dutch Allround Championships she finished tenth overall. Ahead of the 1970 Dutch Allround Championships she had a training camp with the national selection and participated at the national championships in Deventer. Her last competition was in December 1973.

Klaske Meijer

Klaske Meijer (born 23 June 1956) is a Dutch former long track speed skater, who was active between 1968 and 1983.

She won the bronze medal at the junior national championships in 1973 and the next year the silver medal. She was trained by Wiebe Kort. In the mid-1970 she was one of the main Dutch speed skaters. Meijer had also good results at international races. She became a member of national team trained by Ab Krook. She competed at the Dutch Allround Championships in 1977, 1978 and 1980.

Esmeraldas

Esmeraldas might mean:


Paola Locatelli

Paola Locatelli (born March 2, 2004), also known as Paola Lct, is a French model, influencer and entrepreneur.

Piani dei Resinelli

I Piani dei Resinelli o Piani Resinelli is a plateau of the Lombard Prealps, in the province of Lecco, between 1200 and 1300 m above sea level, at within the territory of the municipalities of Abbadia Lariana, Mandello del Lario, Ballabio and Lecco, on the slopes of the Grignetta. it is a base for excursions.

At the end of the 19th century the first shelters were built: in 1899 that of the Milanese excursionist society, in 1911 the Carlo Porta shelter. In 1917 the small church designed by the architect Paolo Mezzanotte dedicated to the Sacred Heart was built.

At the beginning of the twentieth century, with the spread of mountaineering and tourism, the need arose to connect the Piani, then reachable by mule track, to the valley floor by a driveway. The first project, carried out by the engineer Naco Guzzi, dates back to 1915. The Strada Consortile Ballabio - Piani Resinelli arrived on 7 October 1936. The road that was owned by a consortium made up of the four municipalities of Ballabio, Abbadia Lariana , Mandello del Lario and Lecco, had a toll until 1980.

After the construction of the road, the Plans had a tourist development with the construction of shelters, hotels, holiday homes and ski resorts. The practice of skiing at Resinelli has very ancient origins. In February 1913 the SEL (Lecco Excursionist Society) organized the first Italian championships and later a ski jump was built, which was later dismantled.

At the end of the 1950s the first ski lifts were built; in a few years three lifts were opened: the Coltignone and Baby ski lifts and the Campo Scuola ropeway. It was busy as it is excellent for both beginners and more experienced skiers, who could try their hand on the slopes served by the Coltignone ski lift. In the 1980s fewer people came. There was less snow. The ski resorts were abandoned. Today only their ruins remain. During the thirties the Moto Guzzi administrator, Angelo Parodi, built his villa right here. Today his villa belongs to a lawyer from Lecco.

Here the Calolden stream is born.

The Piani Resinelli Mining Park allows visitors to visit the lead-zinc mines located at 1300 m in the formation known as the "metalliferous dolomia". They were exploited from the 16th century until the Second World War.

The adventure park is on the path that leads to the Valentino park consisting of 11 paths in the trees suitable for everyone from 2 to 99 years old. The paths allow you to walk between one tree and another in complete safety equipped with a harness and carabiners, along Tibetan bridges, log walkways and zip line ropes.

In 1961, following the donation made by the Lecco family Gerosa-Crotta to the Italian Touring Club of an area of ​​about 185 hectares extended north of Mount Coltignone, Parco Valentino was born in the Resinelli Plains, at the center of which is the naturalistic museum of the Grigne. .

The Giro d'Italia arrived twice at Pian dei Resinelli.

Here the mountaineer and explorer Walter Bonatti took his first steps.




Kim Hyun-hee

Kim Hyun-hee (born 14 July 1967) is a South Korean taekwondo athlete. She participated at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the middleweight event. 

At the Asian Taekwondo Championships she was 1988 Asian Champion, after winning the silver medal in 1986.

Lo Yueh-ying

Lo Yueh-ying (born 7 January 1970) is a Taiwanese taekwondo athlete. She won at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the finweight event.

At the Asian Taekwondo Championships she became Asian champion in 1994 after winning the silver medal in 1992.

Roberta Parisella

Roberta Parisella (born 26 August 1968) is an Italian taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the bantamweight event. 

At the European Taekwondo Championships she won the silver medal in 1986 and 1988.

River Dee

River Dee may refer to:


River Dee, Wales

The River Dee (, ) is a river in the United Kingdom. It flows through parts of Wales and England.

Tunku Iskandar Abdul Jalil Abu Bakar Ibrahim

Tunku Iskandar Abdul Jalil Abu Bakar Ibrahim ibni Tunku Ismail (born 14 October 2017) is the Raja Muda (Deputy Crown Prince) of Johor, first son and second child of the current Tunku Mahkota (Crown Prince) of Johor, Tunku Ismail Idris Abdul Majid Abu Bakar Iskandar ibni Sultan Ibrahim Ismail and his wife, Che' Puan Besar Khaleeda Bustamam. 

Giorgi Bagrationi (born 2011)

Giorgi Bagrationi () (born 27 September 2011), is a Georgian prince of the Bagrationi dynasty which reigned until the early 19th century in Georgia and its successive realms.

CNN Center

The CNN Center was a center in Atlanta, Georgia, near the College Football Hall of Fame, World of Coke, and the Georgia Aquarium. It was host to the headquarters of CNN. You were able to take a tour around the center, experiencing how CNN filmed their news channel. Standard tours ran every 20 minutes from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily and cost $15 for adults; $14 for seniors, students and teens ages 13 to 18; and $12 for children ages 4 to 12. Kids 3 and younger also could get in for free. The CNN Center was a popular tourist attraction, one reason being that it held the tallest free-standing escalator in Atlanta, but it was announced on June 29, 2020, that the place was going to be sold. Today, the front of the building, hosting a large CNN sign, is a popular place for photography.

Toni Schumacher

Harald Anton "Toni" Schumacher (born 6 March 1954) is a German former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

Ref.

1. FC Köln

Borussia Dortmund

Fenerbahçe

Germany

Individual


Fabian Klos

Fabian Klos (born 2 December 1987) is a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club Arminia Bielefeld. He is the captain of the team.

Stefan Ortega

Stefan Ortega Moreno (born 6 November 1992) is a German professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Manchester City.


Amos Pieper

Amos Pieper (born 17 January 1998) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Bundesliga club Werder Bremen.

Arminia Bielefeld

2. Bundesliga 2019-20

Germany U21

Guilherme Ramos

Guilherme Magro Pires Ramos (born 11 August 1997) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a centre back for German club Arminia Bielefeld.

On 6 August 2016, Ramos made his professional debut with Sporting B in a 2016–17 LigaPro match against Portimonense.


Joakim Nilsson (footballer, born 1994)

Jörgen Joakim Nilsson (born 6 February 1994) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for German club Arminia Bielefeld and the Sweden national team.


Jacob Barrett Laursen

Jacob Barrett Laursen (born 17 November 1994) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Swedish club BK Häcken.


Gonzalo Castro

Gonzalo Castro Randón (born 11 June 1987) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Arminia Bielefeld. He is a previous Germany international.



Individual


Alessandro Schöpf

Alessandro André Schöpf (; born 7 February 1994) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Major League Soccer club Vancouver Whitecaps FC and the Austria national team.

Bayern Munich II


Björn Lindemann

Bjorn Lindemann (born 23 January 1984) is a German former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.

VfL Osnabrück



Histoplasmosis

Histoplasmosis is a fungal infection caused by "Histoplasma capsulatum".

Alexander Esswein

Alexander Esswein (born 25 March 1990; ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a winger or forward for German club MSV Duisburg.

VfL Wolfsburg


Hakan Çalhanoğlu

Hakan Çalhanoğlu (, born 8 February 1994) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Italian club Inter Milan and the Turkey national team.

Inter Milan


Individual


Dominik Kaiser

Dominik Kaiser (born 16 September 1988) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for German club Hannover 96.

Justin Eilers (footballer)

Justin Eilers (born 13 June 1988) is a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for Germania Halberstadt.



Fabian Schnellhardt

Fabian Schnellhardt (born 12 January 1994) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for SV Darmstadt 98.

Schnellhardt joined the youth set-up of 1. FC Köln from Rot-Weiß Erfurt, and he advanced through the club's youth system, making his debut for the second team in a 1–1 draw with Wuppertaler SV in Regionalliga West on 5 August 2012. After establishing himself in the second team, Schnellhardt made his 2. Bundesliga debut for Köln as a late substitute in a 4–1 win against Erzgebirge Aue on 1 September 2013.

He joined MSV Duisburg for the 2014–15 season.

He was loaned out to Holstein Kiel for the 2015–16 season. After returning to Duisburg for three more years, he was signed by SV Darmstadt for the 2019–20 season.

Schnellhardt has represented Germany at every level up to under-20, and he was a member of the German squad at both the 2011 FIFA Under-17 World Cup and the 2011 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship.

Philip Türpitz

Philip Türpitz (born 23 August 1991) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for VSG Altglienicke.


Marvin Pourié

Marvin Pourié (born 8 January 1991) is a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club Würzburger Kickers.

Individual


Kwasi Okyere Wriedt

Kwasi Okyere Wriedt (born 10 July 1994) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club Holstein Kiel and the Ghana national team.

Bayern Munich

Bayern Munich II

Individual


Bryan Lasme

Bryan Lasme (; born 14 November 1998) is a French professional footballer who plays as a winger or forward for 2. Bundesliga club Schalke 04.


Stefanos Kapino

Stefanos Kapino (, born 18 March 1994) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for German club Arminia Bielefeld and the Greece national team.

He is of Albanian descent.

Panathinaikos

Olympiacos

Greece U19


Coahuila y Tejas

Coahuila y Tejas ("Coahuila and Texas") was one of the constituent states of the United Mexican States.

Nour Zamen Zammouri

Nour Zamen Zammouri (born 1 December 1997 in Djerba; ) is a Tunisian football player. He plays as a Central Defender for Club Sportif Sfaxien (CSS).


Ã

A with tilde (majuscule: Ã, minuscule: ã) is a letter of the Latin alphabet with a tilde diacritic over the letter A. It is used in Portuguese, Guaraní, Kashubian, Taa, Aromanian, and Vietnamese. It was also used in Greenlandic.

Nathan de Medina

Nathan de Medina (born 8 October 1997) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Serbian club FK Partizan.

De Medina joined Anderlecht in 2004. He made his first team debut on 19 May 2016 in a 5–2 away loss to Genk playing the entire match.

De Medina signed with Arminia Bielefeld on a free transfer from Royal Excel Mouscron in July 2020, having agreed a three-year contract. He moved to Eintracht Braunschweig in 2022 and to Partizan in 2023.

De Medina was born in Belgium and is of Cape Verdean descent.


Fabian Kunze

Fabian Kunze (born 14 June 1998) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hannover 96.

He is the twin brother of fellow professional footballer Lukas Kunze, who plays in the 3. Liga for VfL Osnabrück.

Burak İnce

Burak Ince (born 20 January 2004) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for German club Arminia Bielefeld.


Florian Krüger

Florian Krüger (born 13 February 1999) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre forward for Eintracht Braunschweig on loan from Eredivisie club Groningen.

Born in Staßfurt, Krüger made his professional debut for Erzgebirge Aue in the 2. Bundesliga on 24 November 2018, starting in the away match against VfL Bochum. He assisted Pascal Testroet in the 2nd minute for Aue's opening goal, with the match finishing as a 2–1 loss. On 5 November 2020, his contract was extended until 30 June 2023.

On 23 June 2021, Krüger signed a four-year contract with Arminia Bielefeld for a transfer of €1,000,000.

On 30 August 2022, Krüger signed a four-year contract with Groningen in the Netherlands.

On 29 August 2023, Krüger signed for 2. Bundesliga club Eintracht Braunschweig on a season-long loan deal with the option to buy.


Manuel Prietl

Manuel Prietl (born 3 August 1991) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for German club Arminia Bielefeld.

Prietl joined Arminia Bielefeld in summer 2016. In December 2017, he agreed a contract extension until 2021 with the club.

On 2 October 2023, after his contract with Arminia had expired, Prietl returned to his homeland, signing a one-year deal with Austrian Football Bundesliga club Rheindorf Altach.

Prietl is a youth international having played for the Austria U21 national team.

Patrick Wimmer

Patrick Wimmer (born 30 May 2001) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for German club VfL Wolfsburg.

Individual



Robin Hack

Robin Hack (; born 27 August 1998) is a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club Arminia Bielefeld.

In June 2019, Hack signed for 1. FC Nürnberg from 1899 Hoffenheim.

After two seasons at Nürnberg, Hack moved to Arminia Bielefeld in August 2021 on a contract until 2025.


Janni Serra

Janni-Luca Serra (born 13 March 1998) is a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Danish Superliga club AGF.

He is of Sardinian descent.


George Bello

George Bello (born January 22, 2002) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a left-back for Austrian Bundesliga club LASK and the United States national team.

Atlanta United

United States

Individual


Cédric Brunner

Cédric Brunner (born 17 February 1994) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a defender for German club Arminia Bielefeld.

Andrés Andrade (footballer, born 1998)

Andrés Alberto Andrade Cedeño (born 16 October 1998) is a Panamanian professional footballer who plays as a left-back or centre-back for German club Arminia Bielefeld, on loan from LASK, and the Panama national team.

Andrade represented the Panama U20 national team at the 2017 CONCACAF U-20 Championship, scoring once.

On 16 November 2018, Andrade made his debut for the senior Panama national team against Honduras as a 72nd-minute substitute for Erick Davis.

Individual


Sebastian Vasiliadis

Sebastian Vasiliadis (; born 4 October 1997) is a Greek-German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for German club Arminia Bielefeld.

Vasiliadis was born in Auenwald, Germany to a Greek father and a German mother.

Frank Kramer (footballer, born 1972)

Frank Kramer (born 3 May 1972) is a former German football player and coach who last managed Schalke 04.

From 1990 to 2005 he played at the semi-pro level for FC Memmingen, Bayern Munich II, TSV Vestenbergsgreuth, SC Weismain, 1. FC Nürnberg II, Greuther Fürth II (two times) and 1. SC Feucht.

Ferdinand Swatosch

Ferdinand "Ferdl" Swatosch (11 May 1894 – 29 November 1974) was an Austrian football player and manager.

He played for 1. Simmeringer SC, SK Rapid Wien, Wiener Amateur-SV, SpVgg Sülz 07 and gained 23 caps for Austria, scoring 18 goals.


509th Composite Group

The 509th Composite Group (509 CG) was a unit of the United States Army Air Forces created during World War II. They tasked with the operational deployment of nuclear weapons. It conducted the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Japan, in August 1945.



Josef Rasselnberg

Josef "Jupp" Rasselnberg (18 December 1912 – 9 February 2005) was a German football player and manager who played for the German national team as a striker. He scored four goals in a 1934 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Luxembourg in 1934. In his other eight international matches, he scored four more goals.



Robert Gebhardt

Robert Gebhardt (20 September 1920 – 8 February 1986) was a German football player and manager. As a player, he won the 1948 German Championship with 1. FC Nürnberg. He also managed several Bundesliga clubs, returning to Nürnberg in 1978 after two years at MSV Duisburg and two at Werder Bremen.


Oliver

Oliver is a male given name. It has Old French and British origins. The name might come from Latin "olivarius", meaning "olive tree planter" or "olive branch bearer" The pronunciation of the name is [ ol-"uh"-ver ]. This name was ranked #3 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


Elliot

Elliot (also spelled Eliot, Elliotte, Elliott, Eliott and Elyot) is a personal name. It can be either a surname or a given name. Although the given name has historically been given to males. Females named Elliot have increased from 414 in 2009 to 770 in 2013, in the United States.




Cooper

Cooper, Cooper's, Coopers and similar may refer to:





Dead of Night

Dead of Night is a 1945 British American horror anthology movie directed by Alberto Cavalcanti, Charles Crichton, Basil Dearden, Robert Hamer and starring Mervyn Johns, Sally Ann Howes, Roland Culver, Judy Kelly, Googie Withers, Frederick Valk, Peter Copley. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Voiced bilabial implosive

A voiced bilabial implosive is a type of consonant used in some spoken languages. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is . The X-SAMPA letter for this sound is codice_1.

Features of the voiced bilabial implosive:


Harold V. Camp

Harold Viets Camp Jr. (March 31, 1935 – February 14, 2022) was an American lawyer and politician. Camp was born in Hartford, Connecticut. He was in the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1968 to 1974 and was a Republican.

Camp died in the Stony Creek area of Branford, Connecticut on February 14, 2022 at the age of 86.

Richard Mulder

Richard Dean Mulder (May 8, 1938 – February 14, 2022) was an American Republican politician and physician. He was in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1995 until 2002. In 2004, he was a Minnesota state delegate at the 2004 Republican National Convention. Mulder was born in Rock Valley, Iowa.

Mulder died on February 14, 2022 in Ivanhoe, Minnesota at the age of 83.

Ivanhoe, Minnesota

Ivanhoe is a city in Lincoln County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 560 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Lincoln County.

Józef Zapędzki

Józef Zapędzki (11 March 1929 – 15 February 2022) was a Polish sport shooter. He competed at five Olympics from 1964 to 1980 in 25 m rapid fire pistol and won two gold medals, in 1968 and 1972. 

Zapędzki died in Wrocław, Poland on 15 February 2022, at the age of 92.

Daniel LeMahieu

Daniel Roy LeMahieu (November 5, 1946 – February 18, 2022) was an American Republican politician. He was born in Sheboygan, Wisconsin. He was in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 2003 to 2015.

LeMahieu died in Green Bay, Wisconsin, on February 18, 2022, at the age of 75.

Gary Brooker

Gary Brooker, (29 May 1945 – 19 February 2022) was an English singer-songwriter and pianist. He was the founder and lead singer of the rock band Procol Harum. His genres included hard rock, progressive rock and jazz. His career began in 1962. Brooker was born in London, England.

In June 2003, he was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE).

Brooker died from cancer at his London home on 19 February 2022, at the age of 76.

Dan Graham

Daniel Graham (March 31, 1942 – February 19, 2022) was an American visual artist, writer, and curator. He wrote art theory essays and reviews of rock music. He was known for his video performance art through glass and mirror installation art and closed-circuit television. 

Daniel is author of films "Two Correlated Rotations" (1969), "Roll" (1970), and "Body Press" (1970–72). 

Graham died on February 19, 2022 in New York City at the age of 79.

Graham's first solo show was held in 1969 at the John Daniels Gallery in New York.

Franz Grave

Franz Grave (25 November 1932 – 19 February 2022) was a German Catholic prelate. He was auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Essen from 1988 until his retirement in 2008. He was born in Essen, Germany. Grave became a priest in 1959.

Grave died on 19 February 2022 in Essen at the age of 89.

Xavier Marc

Xavier Rivera Marc (16 January 1948 – 19 February 2022) was a Mexican actor. He was known for his roles in "Two Mules for Sister Sara", "The Bridge in the Jungle", and "The Legend of Zorro". Marc was born in Jalisco, Mexico.

Marc died on 19 February 2022, at the age of 74.

Patrick Hughes (cricketer)

Lewis Patrick "Podge" Hughes (10 April 1943 – 19 February 2022) was an Irish cricketer and teacher. He was a right-handed batsman. He played thirteen times for the Ireland cricket team between 1965 and 1978. Hughes was born in Blackrock, Ireland.

Hughes died on 19 February 2022, aged 78.

Lloyd Kaufman

Stanley Lloyd Kaufman Jr. (born December 30, 1945) is an American movie director, screenwriter, producer and actor. He is the co-founder of Troma Entertainment movie studio. He is known for directing "The Toxic Avenger" and "Tromeo and Juliet".

Eduardo Bonomi

Edison Eduardo Bonomi Varela (14 October 1948 – 20 February 2022) was a Uruguayan guerrilla member and politician. He was a member of the Movement of Popular Participation – Broad Front. He was Minister of Labour and Social Welfare from 2005 to 2009, and as Minister of the Interior from 2010 to 2020. In 2020, he was elected as Senator of the Republic.

Bonomi died of cardiac arrest in Parque del Plata, Uruguay on 20 February 2022, at the age of 73.

Jamal Edwards

Jamal Edwards (24 August 1990 – 20 February 2022) was a British music businessman and DJ. He was the founder of the online urban music platform SB.TV. 

Edwards was an ambassador for the Prince's Trust. He was known for his charity works relating to youth centers and education.

Edwards died at his mother's home in Acton, London on 20 February 2022, at the age of 31 from a sudden heart attack.

Oleksandr Sydorenko

Oleksandr Sydorenko (27 May 1960 – 20 February 2022), also known as Aleksandr Sidorenko, was an individual medley swimmer. He won a gold medal at the 400 m individual medley at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

Sydorenko died in Mariupol, Ukraine on 20 February 2022 from COVID-19, aged 61.

Nava Arad

Nava Arad (; 4 December 1938 – 21 February 2022) was an Israeli Labor Party politician. She was a member of the Knesset between 1981 and 1992, and again from 1995 until 1996. Arad was born in Kibbutz Hulda in Mandatory Palestine.

Arad died on 21 February 2022, at the age of 83.

Bob Beckel

Robert Gilliland Beckel (November 15, 1948 – February 21, 2022) was an American political analyst and pundit. He was a former analyst and commentator on Fox News. He co-hosted "The Five" until he was released in 2015. Beckel later became a commentator for CNN. In 2017, he returned to Fox News as a co-host of "The Five". A few months later, he was fired after he was accused of making a racist comment against an employee.

Beckel died on February 21, 2022, at the age of 73.

Stewart Bevan

Stewart John Llewellyn Bevan (10 March 1948 – February 2022) was a British actor. He was best known for his roles in "Brannigan" (1975), "The Ghoul" (1975), "House of Mortal Sin" (1976), "Ivanhoe" (1982), "Chromophobia" (2005) and "The Scouting Book for Boys" (2009). He played Clifford Jones in "Doctor Who" (1973) and Ray Oswell in "Emmerdale" (1977).

Bevan died in February 2022, at the age of 73.

Chor Yuen

Chor Yuen (), born Cheung Po-kin (; 8 October 1934 – 21 February 2022), was a Hong Kong movie director, screenwriter, and actor. Chor was born in Guangzhou, Guangdong, Republic of China. His career began in 1954 and he retired in 2004.

He was known for directing "Emperor and His Brother" (1981), "The Duel of the Century" (1981), "Perils of the Sentimental Swordsman" (1982), "Mad, Mad 83" (1983) and "The Hidden Power of the Dragon Sabre" (1984).

In 2014, it was reported that Chor had dementia. He died on 21 February 2022 in Hong Kong from the disease, aged 87.

Paul Farmer

Paul Edward Farmer (October 26, 1959 – February 21, 2022) was an American medical anthropologist and physician. He was a professor at Harvard University and the chair of the Department of Global Health and Social Medicine at Harvard Medical School. 

Farmer was the co-founder and chief strategist of Partners In Health (PIH). He was professor of medicine and chief of the Division of Global Health Equity at Brigham and Women’s Hospital. 

Farmer died in his sleep from a heart attack in Butaro, Rwanda on February 21, 2022, at the age of 62.

Yevgeny Kozlovsky

Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Kozlovsky (; 7 May 1929 – 21 February 2022) was a Russian politician. He was a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. He was Minister of Geology from 1975 to 1989. 

Kozlovsky died on 21 February 2022, at the age of 92.

Mekapati Goutham Reddy

Mekapati Goutham Reddy (2 November 1971 – 21 February 2022) was an Indian businessman and politician. He was a member of the YSR Congress Party. Reddy was born in the Nellore district in Andhra Pradesh. He was a member of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly between 2014 until his death. 

In January 2022, Reddy tested positive for COVID-19 and was hospitalized in Hyderabad, Telangana. He died a month later from a heart attack on 21 February 2022, aged 50.

Richard Shepherd

Sir Richard Charles Scrimgeour Shepherd (6 December 1942 – 19 or 21 February 2022) was a British Conservative politician. He was Member of Parliament for Aldridge-Brownhills from 1979 to 2015.

Abdul Waheed (field hockey)

Abdul Waheed (30 November 1936 – 21 February 2022), also known as Abdul Waheed Khan, born in the British Raj, was a Pakistani field hockey player. He won an Olympic gold medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He played center-forward, and scored Pakistan's first goal in the final match against India during the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Waheed died in Karachi, Pakistan on 21 February 2022, at the age of 85.

Ivan Dziuba

Ivan Mykhailovych Dziuba (; 26 July 1931 – 22 February 2022) was a Ukrainian literary critic, social activist, dissident and politician. He was a member of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, elected in 1991. 

Dziuba was the Minister of Culture of Ukraine (1992—1994). He was the Co-Chief of Editorial Board of the "Encyclopaedia of Modern Ukraine". He also co-founded the People's Movement of Ukraine.

Dziuba died in Kyiv, Ukraine on 22 February 2022, at the age of 90.

Mark Lanegan

Mark William Lanegan (November 25, 1964 – February 22, 2022) was an American singer-songwriter, author, and musician. He became known as the lead singer for early grunge band Screaming Trees. He was also known as a member of Queens of the Stone Age and The Gutter Twins. He released eleven solo studio albums. Lanegan was known for his baritone voice.

Lanegan wrote about his alcoholism and heroin addiction during his early years in 2020. He was sober for almost ten years.

In March 2021, Lanegan was hospitalised with COVID-19 and almost died while in multiple comas. 

Lanegan died at his home in Killarney, Ireland, on the morning of February 22, 2022, at the age of 57.

Sobriety

Sobriety is the condition of not having any levels or effects from alcohol or drugs. Sobriety is also seen to be the natural state of a human being at birth. A person in a state of sobriety is called sober. 

Rehman Malik

Abdul Rehman Malik NI (12 December 1951 – 23 February 2022) was a Pakistani politician and a Federal Investigation Agency officer. He was the Interior Minister from 25 March 2008 until 16 March 2013. In 2018, he was elected to the Senate.

In 2020, Malik was accused of rape by an American journalist. 

Malik died of respiratory failure caused by COVID-19 at a hospital in Islamabad, Pakistan on 23 February 2022 at the age of 70.

Miri Regev

Miriam "Miri" Regev (; born Miriam Siboni on 26 May 1965) is an Israeli politician. She was a Brigadier-general in the Israel Defense Forces. She is a member of the Knesset for Likud since 2009. She was Minister of Culture and Sport and as Minister of Transportation. Regev was born in Kiryat Gat, Israel.

In August 2021, Regev announced she would run for the Likud leadership to replace Benjamin Netanyahu.

Kiryat Gat

Kiryat Gat, also spelled Qiryat Gat (), is a city in the Southern District of Israel. It is south of Tel Aviv, north of Beersheba, and from Jerusalem.

Nord Stream

Nord Stream (, "Severny potok") is a system of offshore natural gas pipelines in Europe. They are running under the Baltic Sea from Russia to Germany. It includes two pipelines running from Vyborg in northwestern Russia to Lubmin near Greifswald in northeastern Germany forming the original Nord Stream (also known as Nord Stream 1; and two further pipelines running from Ust-Luga in northwestern Russia to Lubmin termed Nord Stream 2. 

On 26 September 2022 Nord Stream 1 and 2 were sabotaged.

Suisse secrets

Suisse secrets was a February 2022 leak of details of more than CHF 100 billion (US$108.5bn, €95.5bn or £80bn) held in offshore accounts. They were connected to over 30,000 clients of Credit Suisse in Switzerland. Some of the clients listed were Abdullah II of Jordan, Imelda Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos, Gamal Mubarak, Omar Suleiman and Pavlo Lazarenko.

Pavlo Lazarenko

Pavlo Ivanovych Lazarenko (; born 23 January 1953) is a former Ukrainian politician. He was the Prime Minister from 1996 to 1997. In August 2006, he was convicted and sentenced to prison in the United States for money laundering, wire fraud and extortion.

Gamal Mubarak

Gamal Al Din Muhammad Hosni El Sayed Mubarak (, ; born 27 December 1963) is an Egyptian businessman, politician and criminal. 

He is the younger of the two sons of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and former First Lady Suzanne Mubarak. He was known for having much political influence in Egypt before the revolution of early 2011.

Gamal was deputy secretary-general of the National Democratic Party.

In 2014 and 2015, he was convicted of political corruption and sentenced to four years in prison.

Names of Germany

Germany has a long history before 1871, having different tribes and states. There are many names of Germany in different languages, more than any other European nation. For example, in the German language, the country is known as from the Old High German , in Spanish as and in French as from the name of the Alamanni tribe, in Italian as from the Latin , in Polish as from the Protoslavic "nemets", and in Finnish and Estonian as and respectively from the name of the Saxon tribe.

The name "Allemagne" came from the Germanic Alemanni tribe, who lived in Alemannia (today's Alsace, parts of Baden-Württemberg and Switzerland).
In English, the name "Almain" or "Alman" was used for Germany until the 16th century. The word "German" was first used in 1520 as an alternative word, it then becoming a replacement word.

The name "Germany" came from the Latin "Germania" in the 3rd century BC, it was word describing fertile land for farming behind the limes. The Gauls called the people who crossed east of the Rhine "Germani" but the original Germanic tribes did not call themselves that.

Julius Caesar was the first to use "Germanus" in writing when describing people in north-eastern Gaul in his "Commentarii de Bello Gallico": he records the four northern Belgic tribes: Condrusi, Eburones, Caeraesi and Paemani. 

Gravesend Grammar School

Gravesend Grammar School is a grammar school with academy status located in Gravesend, Kent, England.


Bokermannohyla ahenea

The Bokermannohyla ahenea is a frog that lives in Atlantic forests in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in one place: Serra do Bocaina.

Hans Wendlandt

Hans Wendlandt (18 January 1918 – 20 February 1978) was a German football player and manager. He managed Arminia Bielefeld from 1966 to 1969.


Egon Piechaczek

Egon Piechaczek (November 16, 1931 in Chorzow, Poland – October 23, 2006 ) was a Polish football player and football manager.

He played for AKS Chorzów, Wawel Kraków, Legia Warsaw, Ruch Chorzów, Odra Opole and FSV Frankfurt.

He coached Kaiserslautern and Arminia Bielefeld in Germany. He was involved in the 1971 Bundesliga scandal. He later coached PAOK, Panionios and Apollon Limassol.

Uripok

Uripok () is a town in Imphal West district of the Indian state of Manipur.
In Uripok, there is a temple of Goddess Laikhurembi. A carnival like atmosphere subdues the sacred traditional ritualistic ceremonies during the festival of Lai Haraoba. Among the noisy possession of the festive events, the maibis (priestesses) dance in the gentle melodies produced by pena. When the music stopped, the maibis became possessed by the spirits. Then, they delivered oracles. The audiences listen very attentively to their words.

Calao Systems

Calao Systems was a French company making small Linux-based computers, like the size of a USB. The company has gone bankrupt in April 2016.

Music of the United Kingdom

Historically, the United Kingdom has been a big producer of music. Including church music, traditional folk music and instrumentation of England, Scotland, Northern Ireland, and Wales. The countries of the United Kingdom has its own folk music forms, which is popular until the era of industrialisation. Many British musicians have influenced modern music around the world, and the United Kingdom has one of the world's largest music industries. Genres include pop, rock, also sub-genres like avant-funk, new wave, acid jazz, neo soul, trip hop, dubstep and industrial.
Every countries of the United Kingdom has its own. folk music forms. Folk music is an important sub-culture within society.

England has a long history of folk music. During the medieval period there were forms of music, song and dance. A lot of the tradition has been preserved and is practiced. There are a number other forms of music that made subgenres such as British folk rock, folk punk and folk metal, popular in areas such as Northumbria and Cornwall.

Ireland, including Northern Ireland, has vibrant folk traditions. The popularity of traditional instruments such as fiddles has remained throughout the centuries even as analogues in Great Britain died out. Perhaps the most famous modern musician from Northern Ireland influenced by folk tradition is Van Morrison.

Scottish folk music includes many kinds of songs, including ballads and laments, sung by a single singer with accompaniment by bagpipes, fiddles or harps. Traditional dances include waltzes, reels, strathspeys and jigs. Alongside the other areas of the United Kingdom, Scotland underwent a roots revival in the 1960s. Cathy-Ann McPhee and Jeannie Robertson were the heroes of this revival, which inspired some revolutions in band formats by groups like The Clutha, The Whistlebinkies, The Boys of the Lough and the Incredible String Band.

Wales is a Celtic country that features folk music played at twmpathau (communal dances) and gwyl werin (music festivals). Welsh music also includes male voice choirs and songs accompanied by a harp. Having long been subordinate to English culture, Welsh musicians in the late 20th century had to reconstruct traditional music when a roots revival began. This revival began in the late 1970s and achieved some mainstream success in the UK in the 1980s with performers like Robin Huw Bowen, Moniars and Gwerinos.

Sultanpur, Uttar Pradesh

Sultanpur is a samll city in Uttar Pradesh, India. It is headquarter of the district with the same name. Sultanpur is on the banks of Gomti river and 135 km east to state capital Lucknow. Awadhi is common language of this city and district.

Sultanpur district

Sultanpur district is a district in Uttar Pradesh, India. This district is part of Faizabad division in Uttar Pradesh state. The administrative headquarters of the district is Sultanpur city. The total area of Sultanpur district is 2672.89 Sq. km.

Lean (drug)

Lean, also known as purple drank, purp, or oil is a drug drink, made by mixing cough or cold syrup containing codeine and promethazine with a drink. The drink originated in Houston, Texas, and is popular in hip hop culture or those who live in the southern United States. Jokes have been made about this drug, most commonly "I LOVE LEAN".

Graeme Lee (politician)

Graeme Ernest Lee (born 1 September 1935) is a former New Zealand politician. He served as a member of the New Zealand Parliament from 1981 to 1996. He was a member of the National Party before he founded the Christian Democrat Party in 1994.

Lee was born in Paeroa, North Island. His daughter, Denise Lee, was also a National Party MP, from 2017 to 2020.

Brown rat

The brown rat is "Rattus norvegicus". It is also known as the common rat, sewer rat, wharf rat, Norwegian rat and Parisian rat. It is a large brown or grey rodent with a head and body length of up to 28 cm (11 in) long, and a tail slightly shorter than that. It weighs between 140 and 500 gms (5 and 17+3⁄4 oz). This rodent has spread to all continents except Antarctica, and is the dominant rat in Europe and much of North America. With rare exceptions, the brown rat lives wherever humans live, especially in urban areas.

The rat has been wrongly associated with the bubonic plague. However, the plague bacterium, "Yersinia pestis", is endemic in only a few rodent species and is usually transmitted by rat fleas. Carrier rodents today include ground squirrels and wood rats.

Portuguese Sign Language

Portuguese Sign language () is a sign language used mainly by deaf people (inability to heard) in Portugal.

It is recognised in the present Constitution of Portugal. It was influenced by Swedish Sign Language, through a Swedish school for the Deaf that was built in Lisbon.

Rattini

Rattini is a very diverse tribe of muroid rodents in the subfamily Murinae. They are found around Asia and Australasia, with a few species in Europe and northern Africa. The most well-known members of this group are the true rats (genus "Rattus"), seen worldwide.

Gil Coelho

Gildo Vinícius Coelho de Almeida (born April 13, 1987) is a Brazilian actor. He began his career in 2009 in Multishow series, "Beijo, Me Liga", and gained prominence in the 19th season of the telenovela "Young Hearts" in 2011. "I Love Paraisópolis" in 2015 "Amor.com" in 2017 and "Nos Tempos do Imperador" in 2021. Gil dated actresses Monique Alfradique and Fabiúla Nascimento. 

Coelho was born in Rio de Janeiro. 

Rudi Faßnacht

Rudolf "Rudi" Faßnacht (28 December 1934 in Neu-Ulm in Bavaria – 25 July 2000 in Gonesse) was a German football manager.

Faßnacht coached MSV Duisburg. They finished 7th place in the 1970–71 Bundesliga.

Faßnacht died along with his wife on board Air France Flight 4590, the Concorde which crashed in Gonesse, near Paris, on 25 July 2000.



Doha Tower

Doha Tower previously named as Burj Qatar and Doha High Rise Office Building, is a skyscraper in Doha, Qatar. It is 238 meters (780.8 feet) tall and has 46 floors. It was built in 2012.



Administrative divisions of New York (state)

The administrative divisions of New York are the parts of the government that gives services in the State of New York. There are boroughs, counties, cities, townships called "towns", and villages.

Major alar cartilage

The major alar cartilage (also sometimes called the greater alar cartilage, or lower lateral cartilage) is a thin, bendable piece of the nose. It helps make the upper part of the nostril shape. It bends at the tip of the nose to help connect to the inside middle part of the nose.

Silenos

In , Silenus (; , ) was a friend and tutor to the wine god Dionysus.

Floating island

A floating island is a large mass of organic particles that float on the surface of a water body. Floating islands occur naturally, but some are artificial. Naturally occurring floating islands include icebergs and pumice rafts. Their thickness varies from a few centimetres to a few metres. Floating islands are generally found on marshlands, lakes, and similar wetland locations, and can be many hectares in size.

Runyon Canyon Park

Runyon Canyon Park is a park in Los Angeles, California, at the eastern end of the Santa Monica Mountains, managed by the Los Angeles Department of Recreation and Parks.
Jupiter Farms, Florida

Jupiter Farms or better know "The Farm" is a census-designated place (CDP) of Florida in the United States. According to the 2020 census, Jupiter Farms has 12,572 people. It is located west of the Town of Jupiter.

Erhard Ahmann

Erhard Ahmann (21 May 1941 – 14 December 2005) was a German football manager.

In 1972, he was the assistant manager of the West Germany national football team. Later he mainly managed Arminia Bielefeld and Alemannia Aachen.


Karl-Heinz Feldkamp

Karl-Heinz Feldkamp (born 2 June 1934) is a German retired football manager and player.


Masculine gender

Masculine is a grammatical gender, present in all languages ​​that have this grammatical category. It usually applies to animate objects of the male gender, but is also often used with inanimate, and in some cases animates of the female gender.

For example, in Italian they are masculine nouns "man" (masculine animate), "desco" (inanimate), "soprano" (feminine animate).

Paulinha Abelha

Paulinha Abelha, stage name of Paula de Menezes Nascimento Leça Viana (August 16, 1978 - February 23, 2022) was a Brazilian singer. She was the lead singer for the band Calcinha Preta. She recorded songs Including "Louca Por Ti", "Baby Doll", "Vou Te Dominar", "Trap", "24 Hours of Love", "Open My Heart", "Ainda Te Amo" and "Tutti-Frutti ".

Abelha began her singing career at the age of 12 in Sergipe. For three years, she invested in her career with her own band called "Flor de Mel", but her parents could not afford to support the band. This made Paulinha give up on the project. Later, she joined the band "Panela de Barro". She was a member of the band for three years, getting experience as a singer. Abelha was discovered by Gilton Andrade. He was the manager and director of the band Calcinha Preta. Abelha was one of the main voices of the band. She was a member for 12 years. During this time, They recorded 22 albums and 3 DVD.

She left the band Calcinha Preta in early 2010 and joined the band GDO do Forró. In August 2010, she left GDO do Forró to start a new project with her then husband, Marlus Viana. Viana was also a member of Calcinha Preta. In 2014, The duo said they were returning to band.

Abelha was married to Marlus Viana for ten years. They announced their separation in 2015. In 2017, she started dating Clevinho Santos.

On February 11, 2022, She went to hospital in Aracaju, Sergipe. SHe had symptoms of kidney failure. She died on 23 February 2022 from complication of the disease.

Hans-Dieter Tippenhauer

Hans-Dieter Tippenhauer, born (16 October 1943 – April 2021) was a German football manager.

Horst Franz

Horst Franz (born 17 June 1940) is a German football manager. His son Sascha Franz is also a football coach.

He began his coaching career in Austria.

Porto Alegre golden-eyed tree frog

The Porto Alegre golden-eyed tree frog ("Trachycephalus mesophaeus") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in Atlantic forests. Scientists have seen it as high up as 800 meters above sea level.

Voiceless dental fricative

The voiceless alveolar stop is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨T⟩. The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by the "th" in "thing" and "thanks".


Murphy's law

Murphy's law is an idea, an adage or epigram, that says: ""Anything that can go wrong will go wrong"."

Espinosa de Cervera

Espinosa de Cervera is a municipality in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. In 2004, its population was 99.

Māori mythology

Māori mythology are the mythology of New Zealand's Māori.

Battle of Cervera

The Battle of Cervera was near Espinosa de Cervera, Spain on 29 July 1000. The battle was with two armies. The first was the Christian troops. They were controlled by Sancho García of Castile and García Gómez of Saldaña. The second army was the Muslim Caliphate of Córdoba under the "hijab" Almanzor. The battle was written "tremendous and difficult to describe". Almanzor won.


Butte Falls, Oregon

Butte Falls is a city in Jackson County, Oregon, United States.

Gold Hill, Oregon

Gold Hill is a city in Jackson County, Oregon, United States.

Jacksonville, Oregon

Jacksonville is a city in Jackson County, Oregon, United States.

Shady Cove, Oregon

Shady Cove is a city in Jackson County, Oregon, United States.

Talent, Oregon

Talent is a city in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. Most of the town burned down on September 8, 2020, because of the Almeda fire. 

Clatskanie, Oregon

Clatskanie is a city in Columbia County, Oregon, United States.

Columbia City, Oregon

Columbia City is a city in Columbia County, Oregon, United States.

Prescott, Oregon

Prescott is a city in Columbia County, Oregon, United States.

Rainier, Oregon

Rainier is a city in Columbia County, Oregon, United States.

Vernonia, Oregon

Vernonia is a city in Columbia County, Oregon, United States.

Creswell, Oregon

Creswell is a city in Lane County, Oregon, United States.

Dunes City, Oregon

Dunes City is a city in Lane County, Oregon, United States.

Florence, Oregon

Florence is a city in Lane County, Oregon, United States.

Junction City, Oregon

Junction City is a city in Lane County, Oregon, United States.

Lowell, Oregon

Lowell is a city in Lane County, Oregon, United States.

Oakridge, Oregon

Oakridge is a city in Lane County, Oregon, United States.

Veneta, Oregon

Veneta is a city in Lane County, Oregon, United States.

Westfir, Oregon

Westfir is a city in Lane County, Oregon, United States.

Banks, Oregon

Banks is a city in Washington County, Oregon, United States.

Cornelius, Oregon

Cornelius is a city in Washington County, Oregon, United States.

Durham, Oregon

Durham is a city in Washington County, Oregon, United States.

Gaston, Oregon

Gaston is a city in Washington County, Oregon, United States.

King City, Oregon

King City is a city in Washington County, Oregon, United States.

North Plains, Oregon

North Plains is a city in Washington County, Oregon, United States.

Haines, Oregon

Haines is a city in Baker County, Oregon, United States.

Halfway, Oregon

Halfway is a city in Baker County, Oregon, United States.

Huntington, Oregon

Huntington is a city in Baker County, Oregon, United States.

Richland, Oregon

Richland is a city in Baker County, Oregon, United States.

Sumpter, Oregon

Sumpter is a city in Baker County, Oregon, United States.

Unity, Oregon

Unity is a city in Baker County, Oregon, United States.

Adair Village, Oregon

Adair Village is a city in Benton County, Oregon, United States.

Philomath, Oregon

Philomath is a city in Benton County, Oregon, United States.

Woodhaven, Michigan

Woodhaven is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Wyandotte, Michigan

Wyandotte is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Billings, Missouri

Billings is a city in Christian County, Missouri, United States.

Fremont Hills, Missouri

Fremont Hills is a city in Christian County, Missouri, United States.

Highlandville, Missouri

Highlandville is a city in Christian County, Missouri, United States.

Sparta, Missouri

Sparta is a city in Christian County, Missouri, United States.

Lohman, Missouri

Lohman is a city in Cole County, Missouri, United States.

Russellville, Missouri

Russellville is a city in Cole County, Missouri, United States. The town was founded in 1838.

St. Martins, Missouri

St. Martins is a city in Cole County, Missouri, United States.

St. Thomas, Missouri

St. Thomas is a city in Cole County, Missouri, United States.

Taos, Missouri

Taos is a city in Cole County, Missouri, United States.

Exeter, Missouri

Exeter is a city in Barry County, Missouri, United States.

Purdy, Missouri

Purdy is a city in Barry County, Missouri, United States.

Seligman, Missouri

Seligman is a city in Barry County, Missouri, United States.

Washburn, Missouri

Washburn is a city in Barry County, Missouri, United States.

Wheaton, Missouri

Wheaton is a city in Barry County, Missouri, United States.

Golden City, Missouri

Golden City is a city in Barton County, Missouri, United States.

Liberal, Missouri

Liberal is a city in Barton County, Missouri, United States.

Mindenmines, Missouri

Mindenmines is a city in Barton County, Missouri, United States.

Adrian, Missouri

Adrian is a city in Bates County, Missouri, United States.

Amoret, Missouri

Amoret is a city in Bates County, Missouri, United States.

Hume, Missouri

Hume is a city in Bates County, Missouri, United States.

Rich Hill, Missouri

Rich Hill is a city in Bates County, Missouri, United States.

Cole Camp, Missouri

Cole Camp is a city in Benton County, Missouri, United States.

Ashland, Missouri

Ashland is a city in Boone County, Missouri, United States.

Hallsville, Missouri

Hallsville is a city in Boone County, Missouri, United States.

Rocheport, Missouri

Rocheport is a city in Boone County, Missouri, United States.

Sturgeon, Missouri

Sturgeon is a city in Boone County, Missouri, United States.

Sturgeon was platted in 1856 next to Prairie City. It was incorporated in 1859. It was rechartered in 1875. It was named for Isaac H. Sturgeon. He was the superintendent of the North Missouri Railroad at the time.

De Kalb, Missouri

De Kalb is a city in Buchanan County, Missouri, United States.

Easton, Missouri

Easton is a city in Buchanan County, Missouri, United States.

Fisk, Missouri

Fisk is a city in Butler County, Missouri, United States.

Neelyville, Missouri

Neelyville is a city in Butler County, Missouri, United States.

Qulin, Missouri

Qulin is a city in Butler County, Missouri, United States.

Auxvasse, Missouri

Auxvasse is a city in Callaway County, Missouri, United States.

Holts Summit, Missouri

Holts Summit is a city in Callaway County, Missouri, United States.

Mokane, Missouri

Mokane is a city in Callaway County, Missouri, United States.

New Bloomfield, Missouri

New Bloomfield is a city in Callaway County, Missouri, United States.

USS Hornet (CV-8)

USS "Hornet" (CV-8) is the seventh U.S. Navy vessel of that name. It was a of the United States Navy.


USS Hornet (1805)

The third USS "Hornet" was a brig-rigged (later ship-rigged) sloop-of-war in the United States Navy.


Dracula Has Risen from the Grave

Dracula Has Risen from the Grave is a 1968 British horror movie directed by Freddie Francis and is the fourth movie in the Hammer's Dracula series. It stars Christopher Lee, Veronica Carlson, Barry Andrews, Rupert Davies, Ewan Hooper, Barbara Ewing, Michael Ripper, Marion Mathie and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Russian invasion of Ukraine

On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine. The invasion is causing thousands of deaths every month (as of 2024).

It is part of the Russo-Ukrainian War that started in 2014. The 2022 invasion started after the 2021–2022 Russo-Ukrainian crisis. Russia supported the Donetsk People's Republic and the Luhansk People's Republic in the months before the invasion.

More Russian soldiers came to the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine on 21 February 2022. The invasion was condemned by many countries. In Russia, many opposition groups formed anti-war protests. Many of the protesters were arrested by the Russian government.

Millions of refugees fled to western Ukraine or to Poland and other foreign countries. Many foreign countries denounced the invasion. On 2 March 2022, United Nations General Assembly Resolution ES-11/1 demanded that Russia take its troops out of Ukraine.

At about 06:00 Moscow time (UTC+3), Russian president Vladimir Putin announced a military operation in eastern Ukraine. Minutes later, missile strikes began at locations across the country, including in the capital Kyiv. The Ukrainian Border Service said that its border posts with Russia and Belarus were attacked.

Minutes after Putin's announcement, explosions were heard in Kyiv, Kharkiv, Odessa and the Donbas. Ukrainian officials said that Russia landed soldiers in Odessa and Mariupol and launched cruise and ballistic missiles at airfields, military headquarters, and military depots in Kyiv, Kharkiv, and Dnipro. Soldiers also went into Ukraine through Belarus. It is the largest attack by one country against another in Europe since World War II.

President Volodymyr Zelensky said that there would be martial law in Ukraine. Later he ordered the Ukrainian Army to kill as many Russian invaders as possible.

Moments after the invasion on 24 February, the Ukraine government said that Russia took Chernobyl and Pripyat. The US government said that the Russians were holding the workers of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant hostage. At 22:00 (UTC+2), Russian forces captured Snake Island after a naval and air attack of the island. The thirteen border guards on the island were thought to have been killed in the bombardment after refusing to surrender to a Russian warship. President Zelenskyy announced that the border guards would be posthumously granted the title of Hero of Ukraine, the country's highest honor. However, it was found out later that the border guards were alive and captured by Russian forces.

On 25 February, while Russian soldiers approached Kyiv, Zelenskyy asked residents to create Molotov cocktails to "neutralise" the enemy. Putin meanwhile called on the Ukrainian military to overthrow the government. Ukraine gave 18,000 rifles (a kind of gun) to Kyiv residents who wanted to fight. Some Russian soldiers did enter northern Kyiv.

On 26 February, heavy fighting was reported to the south of Kyiv, near the city of Vasylkiv and its air base. A Ukrainian fighter jet (Su-27) shot down a Russian transport plane (Ilyushin -76) carrying paratroopers near Vasylkiv. Hundreds of deaths were reported in Kyiv during this battle. That same day, Russia claimed to have captured Melitopol, near the Sea of Azov.

On 27 February, President Putin ordered Russia's nuclear deterrent forces to be on "special alert" because of "aggressive statements" by NATO. That same day, President Zelenskyy announced that the Ukrainian and Russian officials had agreed to meet, without conditions. That same day, a Russian airstrike killed over 70 Ukrainian soldiers at a military base in Okhtyrka. Russian soldiers have been accused of killing civilians and the using of cluster bombs on civilians - which may be seen as war crimes.

On 1 March, Ukrainian sources said Belarus joined the invasion, sending its soldiers to the Chernihiv region in Ukraine's north. Belarus said this had not happened. On the same day, there was at least one rocket attack on Kyiv; With AFP as a source, media wrote that "Russian strike stirs symbolism at Kyiv Holocaust site". The next day, Russia claimed to have captured its first large city, the Black Sea port of Kherson, as fighting intensifies across many parts of Ukraine, including civilian areas. That same day, the International Criminal Court began an investigation into possible war crimes committed in Ukraine.

On 3 March, Ukraine passed a law that states captured Russian military equipment and tanks does not need to be declared and tax will not be applied on them. The next day, Russian forces attacked and bombed the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant. The main reactor was not hit and fallout did not occur. That same day, foreign news outlets including the BBC, CNN, and many others stopped their reporting in Russia, after new legislation threatened 15-year jail terms for spreading "fake news".

On 5 March, Russia announced a temporary ceasefire to allow civilians to leave the cities of Mariupol and Volnovakha. The next day, Vinnytsia International Airport was destroyed by Russian missiles, as President Zelenskyy called for a no-fly zone to stop future attacks in Ukraine.

On 7 March, Ukraine rejected a proposal by Moscow to open refugee passages after Russia said refugees would only be allowed to reach Belarus or Russia.

Putin had denied on 7 February, that Russian conscripts were used in the invasion, because Russian law does not allow the use of conscripts in battle outside Russia. Russian media later said that conscripts were used.

On 13 March 30 Russian missiles hit the Yavoriv military base, close to the border with Poland, killing 35 and injuring 134 others.

On 24 March, NATO announced that four new battlegroups totalling 40,000 soldiers will be sent to Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania and Slovakia, along with enhanced readiness for potential chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear threats.

On 29 March, Russia's deputy defense minister said that Moscow decided to "cut back" military activity near Kyiv and Chernihiv to increase mutual trust for future negotiations to agree and sign a peace deal with Ukraine".

On 2 April, Russia said that the country would not work with Western countries on the International Space Station until the "full and unconditional removal of illegal sanctions". The next day, Ukraine accused Russia and Putin of war crimes because of civilian killings such as the Bucha massacre. U.S. President Joe Biden called for Putin to be tried for war crimes. On 7 April, Russia was suspended from the United Nations Council on Human Rights. This followed a vote which was backed by 97 nations.

On 8 April, Russia attacked the Kramatorsk train station with missiles, which killed many civilians trying to evacuate, including children. On 13 April, the Russian flagship cruiser "Moskva", the largest naval vessel to be sunk since the end of World War II, sank after an explosion off of the Ukrainian coast.

On 19 April, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov announced that Russia's military operation had entered a new phase, focused on the entire front line of Eastern Ukraine with the city of Kreminna reportedly the first to be captured.

On 14 May, Russian forces withdrew (or did leave) from Ukraine's second-largest city Kharkiv, in the north-east of the country.

The Battle of Kharkiv ended on 14 May 2022. Ukrainian soldiers won it.

On 16 May, the Siege of Mariupol ended in a Russian victory as Ukrainian soldiers are evacuated from Mariupol.

The Battle of Sievierodonetsk is going on, as of June's first week.

On 27 June, the Russian Armed Forces fired missiles at a mall in Kremenchuk, Ukraine, which killed sixteen people and injured over 50 others.

On 3 July, Russia and the Luhansk People's Republic took control of the entire Luhansk Oblast after seizing Lysychansk. On 14 July, a Russian missile attacked Vinnytsia in central Ukraine, which killed at least 22 people, including 3 children, and injured at least 100 others.

According to the Kyiv School of Economics, the conflict has caused $113.5 billion in damages and destruction in Ukraine. Transportation infrastructure and housing is the main reason for these damages.

On 30 September 2022, Vladimir Putin announced the annexation of Ukraine's Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions in an address to both houses of the Russian parliament. Ukraine, the United States, the European Union and the United Nations all condemned the annexation.

On 8 October, the Crimean Bridge partially collapsed due to an explosion. Russia accused Ukraine of being behind the blast and launched retaliatory missile strikes against Ukrainian civilian areas.

On 9 November, Russian troops began to withdraw from Kherson, the only regional capital they captured since the start of the invasion. The city was recaptured by Ukrainian forces, two days later, on 11 November.

In early December, heavy fighting was still going on near Bakhmut and south of Bakhmut (Battle of Bakhmut).

The British government said on 14 January 2023 that Ukraine would get 14 Challenger 2 tanks. These tanks are the first Western battle tanks (or western, main battle tanks) given to Ukraine.

On 25 January 2023, the German government said that Germany will send Leopard 2 tanks to Ukraine; The government will also allow other countries to do the same. German authorities can say if countries have permission to send those tanks. Later that day, the United States government said that 31 Abrams tanks will be sent to Ukraine.

In February, Poland's prime minister said that Poland can give some F-16 fighter aircraft to Ukraine. That can happen if all the NATO member countries agree to that.

Later in February the Wall Street Journal reported that China was handing over technology that the Russian military needs for the war in Ukraine. Other reports said that "Chinese state-owned defense companies" are "shipping navigation equipment, jamming technology and fighter-jet parts" to Russia.

Later in February, authorities said that 8 Leopard 2 tanks would be going out of Norway (to Ukraine), "as soon as practically possible". Finland will send 3 of that kind of tanks. Poland's authorities delivered a Leopard battle tank, later in February. More Leopard tanks will be sent from Poland to Ukraine.

8 battle tanks (Leopard 2) arrived from Norway.

The 2023 Pentagon document leaks became known in April. One part of the leak - a slide - says that more Russians than Ukrainians have died in the war. The size of the leak is c. 60 documents, or more than 100. Authorities from Ukraine, Russia and other countries have made comments about the leak.

Ukraine has "nine new brigades that [... as of May, are] being kept away from the front line. They will be joined by eight brigades of a recently-formed ‘Offensive Guard’ – highly-motivated volunteers chosen for [an upcoming] assault [against Russian soldiers]. Some 35,000 [...] were trained from two to four months", according to media.

The Kakhovka dam was damaged. Thousands of civilians were evacuated from areas that were either going to be flooded, or from areas that already were flooded. The lake behind the dam was drained out after a few days. The incident is sometimes called the Kakhovka dam failure.

Around the frontline settlement Novodonetske (map) in Donetsk oblast, Ukrainian marines were pushing back the Vostok Battalion, according to media (on 6 June).

A Russian general was killed in Zaporizhzhia oblast. He was the chief of staff of a Russian field Army. (Related page: field army)

Thousands of soldiers from the Russian private military company PMC Wagner, went across the Ukrainian-Russian border, and took control of two Russian cities. (Related page: Wagner Group rebellion)

On 27 June, the office of Belarus' leader published a video clip in which the Belarus' leader said that soldiers from PMC Wagner, can come and stay in military camps in Belarus. Authorities in Latvia and Lithuania asked NATO to add security before a "Wagner base" maybe will be created in Belarus. (Related page: military base)
The 2023 Ukrainian counteroffensive started no later than 8 June. It is a series of offensives (against Russian soldiers) on fronts in Donetsk Oblast, Zaporizhzhia oblast and [ Lukhansk oblast and] other places.

As of 8 June, much of the fighting (of the counteroffensive) is near the cities Orikhiv (map), Tokmak (in Tokmak ("municipality")), and Bakhmut (map) and other settlements.

The United States government said in July that it will export cluster bombs to Ukraine.

Ukrainian pilots will get training in F16 fighter-jets; The training is supposed to start next month.

General Oleg Tsokov was killed by a Storm Shadow missile in Berdiansk city (map). He was the deputy commander of the Southern Military District (Russia).

The 2023 Crimean Bridge explosion resulted in two deaths.

The major rail connection from Crimea, to other parts of Ukraine where Russia has soldiers, was hit; The rail line was hit at the Chonhar railway bridge. The rail line is still broken (as of August).

As of 4 August, a Landing Ship, the "Olenegorsky Gornyak" has much damage. It was damaged by a drone boat, at the Novorossiysk naval base in Russia's Southern Federal District. The base is along (part of) the Black Sea; The drone carried 450 kilograms of TNT.

A Russian S-400 missile system in Olenivka on Crimea's Tarkhankut Peninsula, was hit and destroyed by Ukrainian missiles; Some Russian soldiers died.

Near Perevalne (map), Crimea, a military base under Russian control, was bombed by many combat drones; Some people died.

Four transport airplanes (Ilyushin-76) were damaged at an airport in Pskov oblast, Russia (map) during an Ukrainian drone attack.

Combat drones (from AFU) made of cardboard were used to destroy Russian aircraft at an airport in Kursk (map), Russia. Corvo drones were used.

Two more countries (Greece and Czechia) are going to train Ukrainian pilots in F-16 fighter-jets. The training program will be run by Denmark, Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Poland, Belgium, Luxembourg, Romania, Portugal, Sweden and Norway.

As of 3 September, parts of at least one Russian drone hit the ground in Romania (and near the village of Ceatalchioi (map) in Tulcea County). As of 9 September, parts of another Russian drone hit the ground in Romania.

In Sevastopol, Crimea, a Ropucha-class Landing Ship was destroyed and a Kilo-class submarine and a KC-701-class patrol boat were damaged. They were attacked by cruise missiles.

A Russian S-400 surface-to-air missile-system has been destroyed (as of 14 September) near Yevpatoria, Crimea after being hit by two Neptune cruise missiles.

Two Russian ships (Project 22160 patrol ship) were hit by Ukrainian naval drones; Because of significant damage, the ships had to return to port.

The rocket attack on Sevastopol Naval Base killed some Russian officers; An admiral was possibly one of the dead people. (Related pages, Sevastopol Naval Base, admiral)

Ukrainian soldiers have started using ATACMS rockets with warheads that have cluster munitions; The version of the rocket used in Ukraine, can go as far as 165 km; [Ukraine does not have (as of 2023) other] versions which can go farther.

A Russian warship of the Karacurt-class was damaged.

Ukraine has an intention (or idea), that in the future, [any] conscript (or a specific kind of soldier) will be set free from military service after [that] conscript has been fighting for 18 months; That plan is a response to a protest (that had female relatives of conscripts) in early November.

A car carrying pro-Russian Chechen fighters was attacked and blown up by Ukrainian (resistance fighters or) partisans over the weekend (of 27 November), according to media; The ambush happened near Myrne (map), North of Melitopol (city).

On 6 December, the United States Senate did not pass a law (or a "bill"), that would have sent [14] billions of dollars to Israel and [50] billions to Ukraine.

A Russian warship of the Ropucha-class (picture) was destroyed, in Feodosiya (map), Crimea; The wreck is alongside a pier and mostly under water.

As late as [27 December, U.S. time], the U.S. government made a decision to give $250 million in military aid.

A counter-battery radar (belonging to Russia) was destroyed: the 1К148 Yastreb-AV radar was destroyed; Two rockets were fired from [one or two] HIMARS rocket launcher.

Regarding F16 fighter jets: Denmark said that the delivery of those [is supposed to] happen [in June or May or April, or] 2023's second quarter; The reason for the delay is that it takes time to train pilots and other people that are going to support the readiness of the 19 airplanes. Earlier (December 2023), media said that F-16 fighter jets are ready to be sent to Ukraine, and that the Dutch government is ready to give (the first) 18 of those airplanes.

Leaders of the European Union have said yes to giving 50 billion euros ($54 billion) to Ukraine; The aid is to support the Ukrainian economy; The first instalment of 4.5 billion euros ($4.9 billion) will arrive in March 2024.

Ukraine changed its commander-in-chief; Oleksandr Syrskyi became chief, replacing Valerii Zaluzhnyi.

Marines (of the AFU) will be trained by Norway's authorities.

In regard to when the first F-16 fighter jets, will come to Ukraine: The secretary-general of NATO said that "the decision [about when] to deliver F-16s to Ukraine would be left to each [... country, and they have their own rules or different] policies".

"Ukraine will join NATO. It is not a question of if, but [it is a question] of when", according to the secretary-general of NATO.

In regard to the United States financing (Ukraine's war effort or) Ukraine: as of the last week of February, the U.S. Congress has not said "yes" to (more financial aid, or) $60 billion in financial aid. Earlier (13 February) "The Republican leader of the US House of Representatives" ... "blocked war aid for Ukraine", according to media.;

There are groups that are resisting the Russian soldiers; The resistance groups sometimes do surveillance, "reconnaissance missions [and], sabotage [...] in co-ordination with Ukraine’s" authorities; One of the groups is Atesh.

"America’s best robot spy plane, the Global Hawk spent … hours over the east Black Sea sometimes swinging" ... "close to 100 km from the Russian mainland and" Sochi".

There is an expectation that U.S. authorities will say, "as soon as [... March 12] that it will send a new package of weapons worth $300 million to Ukraine, and it will include a number of [... ATACMS], according to U.S. officials [...] . The package will include a number of the Anti-Personnel/Anti-Materiel, or APAM, an older version of the long-range ATACMS, which travels 100 miles and carries warheads containing hundreds of cluster bomblets", according to media.

There have been changes on the front line, every month. 







/Yahidne, controlled by Russia [as of 2024's first quarter]


Some of the Donetsk front is on the Southern front.


Zaporizhzhia front is part of the Southern front.

In Kherson Oblast, there is a line of contact in
"The defensive lines" of the Russian forces have mines that can stop soldiers and mines that can stop vehicles; The lines also have "trenches [...], razor wire, earthen berms and dragon's teeth" for obstructing (or getting in the way of) infantry and battle tanks and armored personnel carriers and infantry fighting vehicles. Those defensive lines "are over 24 km deep in some" places (as of July).

Mines have been put on top of mines, and that destroys (or breaks) equipment for mine clearing.

Highway M14 is (as of September's second week) the main line of supply for Russian soldiers in Crimea; The highway goes in a western direction from Melitopol; The highway is not within range, of the places from which Ukraine is using HIMARS [and M270] vehicles to launch [GMLRS] rockets.

The counter-offensive has (lost its momentum, or slowed down a lot, or) "stalled [...] in the east of the country" and there is a "little-changed line of control", according to analysis on BBC's website during the last week of 2023. Large military gains seemed to have stopped some time earlier.Some have (said or) described the war as a stalemate.

Ukrainian soldiers are attacking in the Melitopol direction from western Zaporizhia oblast, and they are also attacking "in the Berdyansk" direction, from eastern Zaporizhia oblast and western Donetsk oblast. 

Settlements that have been liberated (during the 2023 counteroffensive), or those where occupation forces have left:

Ukrainian soldiers attacked (during the counteroffensive)





The United States and European countries are taking supplies to an airport near the Ukraine border - but on the outside of Ukraine; Things that are being supplied are anti-tank rockets, Stinger rockets (can be used against aircraft, and can be fired while resting on the shoulder of a soldier), [ battle tanks and other] armoured vehicles; automatic weapons, ammunition, MREs (food for soldiers, and the food does not need [more] cooking before eating), and fuel.

In [September] 2023, the Ukraine Defense Contact Group, also known as the Ramstein group, had another meeting to co-ordinate sending more military equipment to Ukraine. That alliance has 54 countries (as of 2023). The meeting in July, was the the group's 14th (meeting).

In November 2023, the US government told about a (new) $100 million military aid package to Ukraine that is supposed to include: a new HIMARS launcher that media says is able to launch GLSDB (or Ground Launched Small Diameter Bomb) missiles; The aid package will also have Stinger missiles and TOW missiles and 105 mm and 155mm shells.

Finland's government is going to double the production of "155mm artillery shells as well as 81mm and 120mm mortar" shells; Because of that, the government will invest " over $ 130 million over the next three to four years".

Norwegian companies now can sell weapons and defense equipment, directly to Ukrainian authorities; The government of Norway said that on the first day of 2024.

Norway said (2024's first quarter) that it will pay 1.6 billion kronor, or $153 million (to or)towards the Czech initiative to purchase artillery ammunition for Ukraine. Earlier (in 2024) Norway decide to sendtwo F-16 fighter jets to Denmark to help train Ukrainian pilots.


U.S. President Joe Biden said there would be sanctions on banks VEB.RF and Promsvyazbank.

On 24 February 2022, the Prime Minister of Australia Scott Morrison said there would be travel bans. There would also be financial sanctions against eight members of Russia's national security council.

The United Kingdom, United Nations, France, Germany, Spain, Japan, Sweden, Turkey, Norway, Canada, and Italy have also disagreed with the invasion.

On 24 February 2022, President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen said the group has allowed "massive" actions that would target technological transfers, Russian banks and Russian assets. That same day, President Putin said Western countries that take part in the actions "will face consequences".

On 26 February, the European Union, the United States and their allies say that they support in removing Russian banks from the SWIFT payment system. The next day, many European nations announced a ban on Russian flights in their airspace.

On 28 February, Switzerland, Monaco, Singapore, and South Korea put in place economic sanctions on Russia such as controlling exports and assets. These countries were once seen as neutral during global conflicts.

Tugan Sokhiev, the musical director and conductor of the Bolshoi Theatre [quit his job, or] did resign because he [wanted to stay neutral] or not take side in the conflict.

On 2 May, Russia announced it may be pulling out of the International Space Station in two years, because of the economic sanctions imposed on the nation because of the invasion. 

In response to the invasion, on 15 May 2022, President of Finland Sauli Niinistö says Finland would apply for membership in NATO. The following day, Sweden confirms it will apply to join NATO, after years of supporting being neutral.

Chinese authorities are stopping "Russian Boeing and Airbus aircraft, which foreign leasing companies own, from flying through or landing in its airspace"; That policy started in May 2022.

C. 60 military recruitment offices in Russia, have been attacked (as of January 2023); Some of those were set on fire; Some of the fires were a result of use of Molotov cocktails.

Finland became a member of NATO in April 2023.

A Finnish newspaper (Helsingin Sanomat) made a virtual room in the game Counter-Strike. That room has news articles about the war, in English and Russian. The room was made to avoid censorship of news media, in Russia.

The president of the United States said yes to a plan, for training Ukrainian pilots to fly F-16 fighter jets.

The making "of a new Ukraine–NATO Council", was announced at the summit meeting for member-countries of NATO (or "2023 Vilnius summit").

The Ukraine–NATO Council [did] meet on 26 July, to discuss the situation in Ukraine. The council has [close] contact with Ukrainian authorites and NATO.

Russian authorities no longer get invited to the annual ceremony for liberation of the Norwegian county Finnmark; Ukrainian soldiers and other Soviet soldiers liberated Finnmark in October 1944; The president of Ukraine or his representative has been invited for the ceremony in 2024.

French authorities are not saying "no" to sending French soldiers to fight in Ukraine, in the future; On the other hand, NATO's secretary-general said (in 2024) that NATO-soldiers will not get sent to Ukraine.

Sweden became a member of NATO (March 2024). Earlier, all the member-countries of NATO have given permission for Sweden to become a member; Hungary's president signed a document on 5 March 2024; Turkey's authorities gave their permission earlier (January 2024), when Turkey's president signed [document], according to media. Earlier (23 January 2024), Turkey's parliament voted "yes";

In 2023, a book by Sofi Oksanen, a Finnish-Estonian author, came out (or was published), "In the same stream: Putin's war against women".

The EU has put sanctions on Putin and the Russian foreign minister, as of 3 March 2022.

AIIB, or Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, is stopping loans to Russia and Belarus, media said on 4 March 2022.

EU countries have closed their airspace for Russian aircraft; On 6 June 2022 Montenegro and North Macedonia closed their airspace for the plane that was supposed to fly - Russia's foreign minister - to Serbia.

Russian cargo trucks do not have permission to drive into the European Union; However, it is okay to have a tractor unit that does not have Russian license plate, pull Russian semi-trailers into and within the EU.

Cars that have Russian license plates, do not have permission (as of 2023's fourth quarter) to drive into Poland, Finland, Norway, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania.

The International Criminal Court ICC has issued an arrest warrant for Vladimir Putin and Maria Lvova-Belova because of Ukrainian children being (moved or) relocated against their will - by Russian authorities.
As of 2024, there are sanctions that are supposed to stop Russia from selling gold to Western countries; However, Russia is selling gold to some countries in Africa, and that gold is sometimes being sold (to Western countries), as gold-from-Africa.

Pro-Ukrainian protests have happened in front of many Ukrainian and Russian embassies. There have been many protests in Armenia, Australia, Bulgaria, Belgium, Canada, Georgia, Germany, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Japan, Kazakhstan, Moldova, the Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Sweden, Taiwan, Turkey, the UK, and the US. In the Czech Republic, some 3,000 people protested in the Wenceslas Square in Prague.

On 14 March 2022, a woman held a sign with an anti-war message on the set of a news program on Channel One Russia during prime time; The sign said: "NO WAR. Stop the war. Do not believe propaganda they tell you lies here"; The sign also said "Russians against war". Marina Ovsyannikova was arrested by police. She got a fine the next day, and was then free to go from jail. The Russian court system sentenced her (in 2023's fourth quarter). She is supposed to be in a penal colony for 8 and a half years. However, she already escaped (from) Russia, in 2022.

On 3 March 2022, Lukoil's board of directors said that it supported a stop (right now) to the armed conflict. On 8 March, some famous brands including McDonald's, Coca-Cola and Starbucks stopped sales in Russia, in response to its attacks on Ukraine.

The production of Lada cars stopped - and was in suspension, media said in March 2022.

On 16 May 2022, McDonald's said that it will permanently shut down its fast food operations in Russia due to the "humanitarian crisis" and "unpredictable operating environment" caused by the invasion.

Since June 2023, Scandinavian Airlines has stopped selling products from Mondelez on its flights; That company owns Toblerone and the brands Freia and Daim. The airline has airport lounges; Products from PepsiCo are no longer served there [as of 2023's fourth quarter].

The NACP (or National Agency on Corruption Prevention) put Nestle on its list of international sponsors of the war in Ukraine because Nestle still (is doing business or) operating in Russia.

About foreign soldiers maybe getting Ukrainian citizenship if they fight for the International Legion: Yevhen Yenin (First Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs) has said that the laws of Ukraine allow (or give permission) for that; The press agency Ukrinform said that [in March] 2022.

In March 2022, the Ukrainian Armed Forces published the first picture of International Legion soldiers; The picture showed some of those soldiers in a trench on the outskirts of Kyiv.

As of the same month, foreigners are given military training at Yavoriv military base.

The Sibir Battalion has around 60 soldiers, according to estimates (from 2023's fourth quarter); The soldiers are Russians that are fighting against Russia's armed forces.

Finland is one of the countries from which around 100 people have been fighting in Ukraine; Most of those people are back in Finland, according to estimates by broadcaster YLE.

An article on website YLE.fi (in 2023) wrote that an activist from Sakha Republic, Russia, is saying that Russia is using minorities as soldiers- in a way that is a form of ethnic cleansing; Furthermore, the activist said that Russian authorities have picked up - by helicopter - indigenous people that are in the wilderness while they are herding reindeer; Thereafter indigenous people have been forced into military service.

Vacio, a rapper, has been called in to military service [in 2024, two weeks] after going to a party called the Almost Naked Party. Authorities say that it was wrong to have the party while people are dying in [the war or] special military operation in Ukraine.

10 bridges are being sent (and paid for) by Norway's authorities, media said in December 2022.

Many countries have given financial aid to Ukraine's government.

In February 2023, Norway's prime minister said that Norway will give Norwegian kroner 15 billion, for one year's (financial aid or) "assistance package": half of the money will be spent on things related to the military; The other half will be spent on (civilians or) the civil sector. After the first year, Norway will give (over a four-year period), 60 billion Norwegian kroner.

At least one country has (earned or) profited Norwegian kroner 334 billion, from the war, according to a thesis (for two masters degrees) in Europe.

Leaders of other countries have visited the leadership of Ukraine. After the start of the 2022 invasion, those who visited are: the French president, British prime minister (visited in August 2022), the German leader, and Norway's prime minister. In 2023, the United States' president, came.

The president of the European Council visited in 2023.

The national teams of Ukraine, are not allowed to compete (in sports) against teams from Russia and Belarus; The laws of Ukraine are saying that (as of 2023).

The International Criminal Court has started an investigation into crimes against humanity in Ukraine since 2013, as well as war crimes in the 2022 invasion.

The Ukrainian court system has held trials regarding war crimes:

At least one Russian is under arrest [as of the middle of December 2023] in an EU-country. However, in February 2024, a lower court gave him a suspended prison sentence of 40 days; That was in regard to two crimes that took place at a border crossing (when he went from Russia into the EU); Earlier (in 2023's fourth quarter), police started a preliminary investigation against Voislav Torden, who is suspected of having done terrorism in Ukraine, and he is therefore suspected of having done at least one crime.

Earlier his name was Yan Petrovsky; Earlier (December 2023), he was released from police custody and immediately he was put into the custody of border guards. (In 2022, the Rusich Group and its commanders Milchakov and Yan Petrovsky were included in the US sanctions list for their "special cruelty" in the battles in the Kharkiv oblast.) A decision (in early December 2023) from Finland's supreme court, says that Torden will not be (handed over or) extradited to Ukrainian authorities.

Ukraine is using










Russia is using



Russia has


Russia has lost at least 64 aircraft (as of 6 January 2023), according to Oryx (an organisation).

More than 60.000 Ukrainian soldiers had been trained in the West (by Fall 2023).

":~175,000–190,000
In May 2022, Ukraine authorities says it has 700,000 servicemembers on active duty fighting the Russian invasion.

The number of women that have an enlistment contract (they are soldiers) to the Ukrainian Armed Forces: 50,000 (as of December 2022).

Reserves (or soldiers not on active duty):


More than 100,000 soldiers have died.

From Finland, at least two soldiers (in the International Legion) had died (by the end of 2023).
Hantavirus hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome (see hantavirus) has become a problem on the Russian side of the Kupiansk (map) front, according to Ukraine authorities (2023's fourth quarter); The disease has resulted in significant reduction in ability to fight, according to media.

No injured Ukrainian soldiers had yet been taken into Norway (as of 31 May 2022); On 31 May, the (Norwegian) minister of justice was ordered (or told) to come to parliament, later that day to answer questions about that. That evening, the justice minister said that Norway will let injured Ukrainian soldiers come to Norway; Those soldiers will be part of a total of 550 injured Ukrainian civilians and soldiers. On 12 June 2022, the first wounded soldiers came to Norway.



The President of Moldova, Maia Sandu, said over 4,000 Ukrainian citizens had crossed into Moldova since the invasion started. Poland [did get ready for] a large number of refugees to enter the country. To make border crossings easier, Poland lifted COVID-19 entry rules. Ukrainian refugees started crossing into Romania as well. Most of them entered through Siret in Suceava County. Romania said refugees did not need to quarantine or follow COVID rules.

Ukraine has taken more than half of the land taken from them by the Russians.

Overall Russia has done best in the East. It has kept most of the ground it took over in 2022. Its defensive arrangement in the East have stood up to Ukrainian efforts. 

Some of the ships of the Russian Navy, have been attacked (and damaged) in the Black Sea. 

Dead soldiers have been buried in graves; In some incidents, a body in a grave has been connected to a booby trap: when a grave is opened and a body is touched, then a grenade or other explosive weapon (see explosive), blows up.

In May 2023, Ukrainian authorities said that all Russian forces must leave Ukraine, before there can be any negotiations about peace. In November 2023, Ukraine's president said a similar thing.

In regard to using NATO membership (for Ukraine) as a bargaining card (or something to trade for something else): at least one NATO member-country has shared the idea with authorities outside its own government. In August 2023, the Director of the Private Office of the NATO Secretary General said that "I think that one solution could be that Ukraine gives up [land or] territory, and gets a NATO membership" [as part of that deal or] in return". Someone else that has the same idea, is a former advisor of Ukraine's president.

In November, media said that one of the ideas would result in giving support for Russia's [military attacks or] aggression: A former secretary-general of Nato said that the area that the Ukraine government has under its control, should become a NATO-member.

A Ukrainian authority said (late November) that negotiations follow a war, "but the principles are important, she said, and she referred to [,or talked about]" a (Ukrainian [government]) list of ten things [that must happen] according to Ukraine authorities.

Officials from many countries, have attended meetings about peace; In August 2023, there was a (meeting or) conference in Saudi Arabia, without Russian officials. Earlier (June), there was a meeting in Denmark, without Russian officials.

Martial law (in Ukraine) is "due to expire [... again, in February 2024, 90 days after] November 15", 2023; Also, "Elections can not ... be held in Ukraine under martial law, which must be [made longer or] extended every 90 days".

In regard to parliamentary elections: a new date, has not been chosen [as of 2023's fourth quarter].

About a presidential election for March 2024: under normal circumstances, there would be an election. 
Oleksiy Arestovych said (in 2023's fourth quarter) that his (idea or) intention is that he will be one of the candidates "whenever the next [ presidential] elections will be held in Ukraine".


Earlier (August 2023), Ukraine's president said that Ukraine has money for fighting against invaders and buying weapons; Ukraine authorities do not expect to take some of that money to set up (wartime) elections. However, if other countries pay for elections (in Ukraine, during this war), and if Ukrainian lawmakers understand that we need elections during the war, then laws can be changed to make those elections possible, according to Ukraine's president. He also said that the cost of elections during times of peace, is around 5 billion Hryvnja (Ukrainian money).



Anna Karen

Anna Karen (born Ann McCall; 19 September 1936 – 22 February 2022) was a South African-born British actress. She is best known for playing Olive Rudge in the sitcoms "On the Buses" (1969–1973) and "The Rag Trade" (1977–1978), as well as three spin-off movies. From 1996 to 2017, she had the regular role of Aunt Sal in the soap opera "EastEnders". She also appeared in two "Carry On" movies, "Carry On Camping" (1969) and "Carry On Loving" (1970).

Karen was born in Durban, Natal, South Africa. Her mother was English and her father was Irish. She moved to London at the age of 17. She was married to actor and comedian Terry Duggan from 1967 until his death in 2008.

On 22 February 2022, Karen died in a fire at her home in Ilford, east London. She was 85.

Badagry Heritage Museum

Badagry Heritage Museum is a museum in Badagry town of Lagos, Nigeria. It is also known as Black Heritage Museum Badagry. The museum was built in 1863.

Varusanadu

Varusanadu is a village panchayat (code: 232202) in Theni District of Tamil Nadu, which is located in the bank of Vaigai River. This village comes under Kadamalaigundu - Mayiladumparai Panchayat union and Andipatti Taluk.

The valley around this area is called Varusanadu Valley, which is a part of Cumbum Valley in Western Ghats and is connected to Meghamalai Mountains. Vaigai River is originating from this valley under Periyar Plateau of western ghats.

Congress of People's Deputies of Russia

The Congress of People's Deputies of the Russian SFSR () and since 1991 Congress of People's Deputies of the Russian Federation () was the main government legislature in the Russian SFSR and in the Russian Federation from 16 May 1990 to 21 September 1993. Members were elected on 4 March 1990 for a five year term. It was dissolved on 4 October 1993. 

White House (Moscow)

The White House (; officially: The House of the Government of the Russian Federation, ), also known in Russia in the 1990s as the Russian White House, is a government building in Moscow. It is the primary office of the government of Russia and is the official workplace of the Russian Prime Minister.

Radcliffe wave

The Radcliffe wave is the nearest gaseous structure to the Solar System in the Milky Way galaxy. 

It has many stellar nurseries. It stretches for about 8,800 light years. It runs the way of the Milky Way arms. At its closest (the Taurus Molecular Cloud) it is about 400 light-years. Its farthest is about 5000 light-years (the Cygnus X star complex) from us.

The wave is in the Local Arm (Orion Arm) itself, about 40% of its length and on average 20% of its width. Its discovery was announced in January 2020.

The Radcliffe wave contains four of the five Gould Belt clouds, the: 

The cloud not within its scope is the Rho Ophiuchi Cloud complex. This is part of a linear structure parallel to the Radcliffe wave.

Other structures in the wave, further from our local star system, are Canis Major OB1, the North America Nebula and Cygnus X.

2022 Petrópolis floods

On February 15, 2022, intense rainfall in Petrópolis, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, caused mudslides and flooding that destroyed parts of the city. 

At least 176 people died in the disaster.

President Jair Bolsonaro showed his support for the city and said he would visit after his visit to Russia. The Brazilian federal government also announced that it would give R$2.3 million to the city.

Kazuhiko Masumoto

Kazuhiko Masumoto ( "Masumoto Kazuhiko"; 9 May 1936 – 6 February 2022) was Japanese politician. He was a member of the Japanese Communist Party. He was in the House of Representatives from 1972 to 1976. He was born in Fujisawa, Japan.

Masumoto died of bile duct cancer on 6 February 2022 at the age of 85.

Tatsu Ishimoda

Tatsu Ishimoda ( "Ishimoda Tatsu"; 11 May 1924 – 12 February 2022) was a Japanese politician. He was a member of the Japanese Communist Party. He was in the House of Representatives from 1972 to 1976. Ishimoda was born in Ishinomaki, Japan.

Ishimoda died in Atsugi, Japan from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease on 12 February 2022 at the age of 97.

Gerhard Wächter

Gerhard Wächter (11 August 1946 – 19 February 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. Wächter was in the Bundestag from 2002 to 2009. He was born in Bad Wünnenberg, Germany.

Wächter died on 19 February 2022 at the age of 75.

Miguel Gallardo

Miguel Ángel Gallardo Paredes (27 December 1955 – 21 February 2022) was a Spanish comic book artist. He was known for his works in Spanish underground comics scene of the 1970s and 1980s. His best known works were "El Víbora", "Cairo", "Complot" and "Viñetas" and characters such as "Makoki". 

Gallardo died on 21 February 2022 in Barcelona, Spain at the age of 66.

Anatoliy Turusin

Anatoliy Afanasyevich Turusin (; 8 May 1939 – 21 February 2022) was a Russian politician. He was a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and later the Agrarian Party of Russia. He was in the Congress of People's Deputies of Russia from 1990 to 1993 and the State Duma from 1994 to 1999. 

Turusin died in Irkutsk, Russia on 21 February 2022 at the age of 82.

Jesús Tirso Blanco

Jesús Tirso Blanco (3 June 1957 – 22 February 2022) was an Argentine-born Angolan Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1985. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lwena, Angola from 2007 until his death in 2022. 

Blanco died on 22 February 2022, at the age of 64.

Diagnosis: Murder

Diagnosis: Murder is an American action-comedy-mystery-medical crime drama television series. It stars Dick Van Dyke as Dr. Mark Sloan, a medical doctor who solves crimes with the help of his son Steve, a homicide detective played by Van Dyke's real-life son Barry. 

It is a spin-off of "Jake and the Fatman" and became a series of three television movies, and then a weekly television series that debuted on CBS on October 29, 1993.


Jake and the Fatman

Jake and the Fatman is an American crime drama television series. It stars William Conrad as prosecutor J. L. (Jason Lochinvar) "Fatman" McCabe and Joe Penny as investigator Jake Styles. 

The series ran on CBS for five seasons from September 26, 1987, to May 6, 1992. 

"" was a spin-off of this series.

Julio Cruz (baseball)

Julio Luis Cruz (December 2, 1954 – February 22, 2022) was an American professional baseball second baseman. He played for the Seattle Mariners and Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball from 1977 until 1986.

Cruz died on February 22, 2022, at the age of 67.

K. P. A. C Lalitha

Maheshwari Amma (25 February 1948 – 22 February 2022), better known by her stage name K. P. A. C. Lalitha, was an Indian actress. She won two National Film Awards in 1990 and 2000 for her roles in "Amaram" and "Shantham". Lalitha was born in Kayamkulam, India. Her career began in 1968.

Lalitha died on 22 February 2022 at a hospital in Thrippunithura, India from problems caused by diabetes and liver disease, three days before her 74th birthday.

Oleksiy Skrypnyk

Oleksiy Oleksiyovych Skrypnyk (, 8 March 1964 – 23 February 2022) was a Ukrainian politician and businessman. He was a member of the Self Reliance party. He was elected to the Verkhovna Rada in 2014. He was the CEO of Eleks until his political career began. Skrypnyk retired in 2019. Skrypnyk was born in Lviv, Ukraine.

Skrypnyk died on 23 February 2022 in Lviv from a blood clot at the age of 57.

Antonietta Stella

Maria Antonietta Stella (15 March 1929 – 23 February 2022) was an Italian operatic soprano. She was a well known Italian spinto sopranos during the 1950s and 1960s.

Stella was known for her roles as Violetta in "La traviata", Elisabetta in "Don Carlos", Amelia in "Un ballo in maschera", and the title roles in "Aida", as Puccini's Tosca, Mimi in "La bohème" and Madama Butterfly, and as Maddalena in Giordano's "Andrea Chénier".

Stella died on 23 February 2022 at age 92.

Ion Adrian Zare

Ion Adrian Zare (11 May 1959 – 23 February 2022) was a Romanian footballer. He played as a defender. Zare was born in Oradea, Romania. He played for the national team from 1984 until 1987, making seven appearances. 

Zare died on 23 February 2022 in Oradea at the age of 62.

The Amazing Johnathan

John Edward Szeles (September 9, 1958 – February 22, 2022), better known by the stage name The Amazing Johnathan, was an American comedian and magician. From 2001 to 2014, he was a year-round headliner in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was also known for working with Criss Angel. A Hulu documentary about him was released in 2019 titled "The Amazing Johnathan Documentary". 

In March 2007, Szeles was diagnosed with cardiomyopathy. He died in his sleep at his home in Las Vegas on February 22, 2022, at the age of 63.

Juan Pablo Colmenarejo

Juan Pablo Colmenarejo Pérez (17 September 1967 – 23 February 2022) was a Spanish journalist. He was born in Madrid. His career began in 1995. He worked for Onda Cero, Cadena COPE and Onda Madrid.

Colmenarejo died from problems caused by a cerebral infarction on 23 February 2022 in Madrid, aged 54.

José Isidro Guerrero Macías

José Isidro Guerrero Macías (31 May 1951 – 23 February 2022) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Sinaloa, Mexico. He became a priest in 1973. In 1997, he became the Bishop of Mexicali.

Guerrero Macías died in Mexicali, Mexico from COVID-19 on 23 February 2022, aged 71.

Valeriy Pustovoitenko

Valeriy Pavlovych Pustovoitenko (born 23 February 1947) is a Ukrainian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Ukraine from 1997 to 1999. He was a leader of the People's Democratic Party of Ukraine.

Bokermannohyla vulcaniae

The Bokermannohyla ahenea is a frog that lives in Atlantic forests in Brazil.

Club sandwich

A club sandwich, also called a clubhouse sandwich, is a sandwich that has bread, sliced cooked poultry, ham or fried bacon, lettuce, tomato, and mayonnaise. The bread is usually toasted. Most of the time it is cut in half or in quarters.

Manx people

The Manx (; ) are an ethnic group from the Isle of Man in the Irish Sea in northern Europe. Their culture has big Norse and English influences. The Manx language came from Middle Irish.

Gerd Roggensack

Gerd Roggensack (born 5 October 1941) is a German former football player and manager.

As a player, he spent three seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Kaiserslautern and Arminia Bielefeld, and was also part of Borussia Dortmund's 1963 German championship winning team. Roggensack was among the players involved in the 1971 Bundesliga scandal, scoring the game winner for Bielefeld in a fixed match against FC Schalke 04.

After retiring as a player, Roggensack went on to manage several clubs in the Bundesliga and 2. Bundesliga.

As player

As manager

Fritz Fuchs

Fritz Fuchs (born 18 October 1943, in Kaiserslautern) is a German former football coach and player. As a player, he spent six seasons in the Bundesliga with 1. FC Kaiserslautern. As a coach, his biggest success was managing FC 08 Homburg to their promotion to the Bundesliga.


Ernst Middendorp

Ernst Middendorp (born 28 October 1958) is a German association football coach who coaches South African Premier Soccer League club Maritzburg United.


Franz Raschid

Franz Raschid (18 October 1954 – 22 October 2010) was a German professional football player and manager.

Raschid, who played as a left midfielder, spent his entire professional career with Bayer Uerdingen, scoring 51 goals in 364 League appearances. He later became a football manager, taking control of Arminia Bielefeld between 1990 and 1991.

Raschid died on 22 October 2010, aged 56, from pancreatic cancer.

Fritz Grösche

Fritz Grösche (3 October 1941 – 24 October 2010) was a German professional football player and coach.

Grösche played club football for Mindener SV, Westfalia Herne and SV Sodingen.

After retiring as a player, Grösche coached a number of German teams, including FC Gütersloh, TuS Schloß Neuhaus, SC Verl, Arminia Bielefeld and SC Wiedenbrück II.

Grösche died on 24 October 2010, from cancer, at the age of 69.

The Darkest Sword

The Darkest Sword is a 1970 Hong Kong action drama movie directed by Lung Chien and starring Ching-Ching Chang and Pin Chiang.

Tun-Shan is sad because he unintentionally killed an enemy and destroys his sword. Meanwhile, Su-Chen, convinces him to start fighting again.

Glossary of astronomy

This glossary of astronomy is a list of definitions of terms and concepts relevant to Astronomy and Cosmology. with their related fields, Astronomy is involved with the study of celestial objects and phenomena originate outside the atmosphere of Earth.

Circumstellar disc

A circumstellar disc (or circumstellar disk) is a torus pancake or ring-shaped accumulation of matter that composed of gas, dust, planetesimals, asteroids or collision fragments in Orbit around a star.


Ukrainians in the United Kingdom

Many people of Ukrainian descent live (or have lived) in the United Kingdom.

The 2001 Census says that 11,913 people born in Ukraine, were living in the UK. The 2011 UK Census (or United Kingdom Census 2011) counted 20,320 Ukrainian-born residents in England, 380 in Wales, 838 in Scotland, and 245 in Northern Ireland. The Office for National Statistics estimated that in 2017, 31,000 people born in Ukraine were resident in the UK. The number of Ukrainian nationals was estimated at 16,000.



Planetary habitability

Planetary habitability is the measure of a planet's or a natural satellite's potential to develop and maintain environments that are hospitable to life.

Biosignature

A biosignature (sometimes called chemical fossil or molecular fossil) is any substance – such as an element, isotope, or molecule, or phenomenon that provides scientific evidence of past or present life

Ese Ukpeseraye

Ese Lovina Ukpeseraye (born 21 March 1999) is a Nigerian road and track cyclist. She won a gold medal at the 2021 Africa track cycling championship.

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Nicole Koller

Nicole Koller (born 2 May 1997 in Wetzikon) is a Swiss road racing cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the mixed team relay event and women's road race event.

Daniela Campos

Daniela Campos (born 31 March 2002) is a Portuguese road racing cyclist. She was Portuguese National Time Trial Champion in 2021.

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's time trial event and women's road race event. 

She is a member of the Bizkaia - Durango team. 

Liberté

"Liberté" (; ; "Liberty") is the national anthem of Guinea.

Yeny Lorena Colmenares

Yeny Lorena Colmenares (born 15 February 1991) is a Colombian track and road racing cyclist. She became Colombian National Road Race Champion in 2021.

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's time trial event and women's road race event. 

Lina Marcela Hernández

Lina Marcela Hernández (born 4 January 1999) is a Colombian track and road racing cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's time trial event and women's road race event. She won the road race at the 2021 Pan American Road and Track Championships.

Youngstown

Youngstown, Ohio is a city in the US state of Ohio and the county seat of Mahoning County.

Youngstown may also refer to:

Washington Territory

The Territory of Washington was an organized incorporated territory of the United States. It was a territory from March 2, 1853, until November 11, 1889. In 1889, it became the State of Washington. It was made from Oregon Territory north of the lower Columbia River and north of the 46th parallel east of the Columbia. At its largest, it covered all of Idaho. It also covered Montana and Wyoming. In 1963 it was in its final boundaries.

Valery Gerasimov

Valery Vasilyevich Gerasimov (; born 8 September 1955) is a Russian General of the Army. He is the current Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation. He was appointed by President Vladimir Putin on 9 November 2012.

Denis Pushilin

Denis Vladimirovich Pushilin (, ; ; born 9 May 1981) is a politician. He is the Head of the Donetsk People's Republic since 2018.

Vladimir Pashkov

Vladimir Igorevich Pashkov (; born 4 February 1961) is a politician who is the Prime Minister of the Donetsk People's Republic since 2020. He was Deputy Governor of Irkutsk Oblast, but left in 2015.

Leonid Pasechnik

Leonid Ivanovich Pasechnik (, ; "Leonid Ivanovych Pasichnyk"; born 15 March 1970) is the leader of the self-proclaimed Luhansk People's Republic since 2018. Before, he was the Minister of State Security from 2014 to 2017.

Sergey Kozlov (politician)

Sergey Ivanovich Kozlov (, ; born 7 November 1963) is the Prime Minister of the unrecognized Luhansk People's Republic since 25 December 2015. He is also a major general.

Dmitry Debelka

Dmitry Vladimirovich Debelka (; 7 January 1976 – February 2022) was a Belarusian wrestler. He competed in the Men's Greco-Roman 130 kg at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal. Debelka was born in Minsk, Soviet Union.

Debelka died in February 2022, at the age of 46.

Va'aiga Tuigamala

Va'aiga Lealuga Tuigamala (4 September 1969 – 24 February 2022), sometimes known as Inga Tuigamala, was a Samoan professional rugby union and rugby league player. He was born in Faleasiu, Western Samoa. He represented New Zealand in rugby union from 1989 until 1993, making 19 appearances. 

Tuigamala died on 24 February 2022 in Auckland, New Zealand at the age of 52. At the time of his death, he had diabetes and high blood pressure.


Michal Herzog

Michal Herzog (; born 15 May 1961) is an Israeli lawyer. She is the First Lady of Israel since 2021. She is married to President Isaac Herzog. She was a director of Polar Investments and an external director of Friedenson Logistics Services.

Hary Gunarto

Hary Gunarto (1954~ ) is a research scientist and professor emeritus at Ritsumeikan Asia Pacific University (APU), Japan. He graduated from University of Wisconsin-Madison with MSc and Washington State University (WSU) with PhD degree in Electrical & Computer Engineering in 1988. After graduated, Gunarto worked as lecturer at WSU and then became faculty member at Gadjah Mada University (Indonesia) and later as faculty member at APU Univ. His specialties are in computer programming, digital media technology and digital preservation of UNESCO world heritage sites. 




Qatar National Library

Qatar National Library is a non-profit organization under the umbrella of the Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development. The plans for the new national library were announced by Sheikha Moza bint Nasser, Chairperson of Qatar Foundation, on 19 November 2012, during a ceremony celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Dar Al Kutub Library, in Doha, Qatar, one of the first public libraries in the Persian Gulf region (founded on 29 December 1962), which had until then been regarded as the national library of Qatar.


Doha Festival City

Doha Festival City is a 600,000 square metres (6,500,000 sq ft) shopping mall based in Qatar, owned by Bawabat Al Shamal Real Estate W.L.L (BASREC), with 240,000 square metres (2,600,000 sq ft) of leasable space it is the largest operating mall in Qatar as of 2018 operated by Al Futtaim. Located north of the capital Doha in Umm Salal Mohammed, near the Al Shamal Road. Currently home to IKEA it is home to over 200 international brands and the world's largest Monoprix Hypermarket.


Secrets of Summer

Secrets of Summer () is an Argentinian musical streaming television series created by Jorge Edelstein, directed by Mauro Scandolari, produced by Non Stop and released by Netflix. Its first season premeired on Netflix on February 16, 2022. The show has one season with 11 episodes in it. The series also got renewed for a second season.

A remote Argentine resort revives its wakeboarding competition, drawing in Mexican athlete Steffi, who is determined to uncover a family secret.



Theo Schneider

Theo Schneider (born 23 August 1960 in Dortmund) is a German former footballer who is a youth advisor for Ferencváros. He was manager of SC Wiedenbrück 2000 until April 2014.

Illa de Arousa

Arousa Island, officially in Galician A Illa de Arousa or Illa de Arousa () is the only island municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra. It is in the heart of the Ria de Arousa. According to 2011 INE the island's population was 5,020 inhabitants. The population is divided into several neighborhoods, and places of interest are the lighthouse's environment, Areoso islet (close to the Illa de Arousa) and Carreirón Natural Park, which is listed as a special protection zone for heron birds populations among other birds that inhabit the island. 

O Santo (The Holy) viewpoint is the highest point on the island. 
""San Xulián da Illa de Arousa"" is the only parish in this island. Some of its beaches are the following ones: A Area da Secada, A Lavanqueira, O Vao, Camaxe, Carreirón, Espiñeiro and O Cabodeiro.

A Illa de Arousa has five ports. Xufre is the most important and the other important docks include O Campo, Chazo and Cabodeiro.

There are two kindergartens ("Galescola - A Galiña Azul" and "Escola infantil 'Sorrisos e lágrimas"' ), one public and one semi-arranged; a primary education center (CEIP ""Torre-Illa""), a secondary education institute (IES da Illa de Arousa ), a municipal music education center and the Galician Institute of Aquaculture Training (Instituto Galego de Formación en Acuicultura, IGAFA). 

There is also an Interpretation Center for Canned Seafood and Fishing, which acts as a museum and receives educational visits from other schools in Galicia.

According to E. Bascuas, "Arousa", registered as "insulam Arauza" in 899, would belong to the old European hydronymy, and is derived from the Indoeuropean root "*er-" 'flow, move'. 

According to M. Santalha, its origin is Arautia or Arautsia. In any case, both have their origin in the Celtic "Arausiu".

There are speculations that relate the place name to a Roman altar (Ara; Ara Augusta)

Scholars say that in "Ara" means ""source of the head"," and in Gaelic ""Before the ear"" (in toponymy refers to a coastal outcrop). Arautia also adds the ending "aunt" of participle, meaning ""the one before the ear"" (and the "ear" turns out to be the Barbanza Peninsula). In this way, Arautia would mean: ""before the ear - Barbanza"" or ""east of Barbanza"".



The Pearl Island

The Pearl Island (Arabic: جزيرة اللؤلؤة, romanized: jazeerat luluwa) in Doha, Qatar, is an artificial island spanning nearly four square kilometers. It is the first land in Qatar to be available for freehold ownership by foreign nationals. As of 2018, there are 27,000 residents. Once fully completed, The Pearl Island will create over 32 kilometers of new coastline, for use as a residential estate with an expected 18,831 dwellings and 45,000 residents by 2018. Developed by United Development Company and planned by architecture and design firm Callison, the island is located 350 meters offshore of Doha's West Bay Lagoon area. In 2004, when the project was first revealed, the initial cost of constructing the island stood at $2.5 billion. It is now believed the project will cost $15 billion upon completion.


IGAFA

The Galician Institute of Aquaculture Training ( IGaFA or IGAFA ) is an educational body dependent on the "Dirección Xeral de Innovación e Desenvolvemento" (Directorate General of Innovation and Development) of the Consellería de Pesca e Asuntos Marítimos (Ministry of Fisheries and Maritime Affairs) of the Galician autonomous government (Xunta de Galicia). It is co-financed by the European Social Fund. Courses are taught for obtaining the certificates of shell fisherman, aquaculturist and specialist in marine cultures.

The center is located in the municipality of Arousa Island (Illa de Arousa).

The first attempts to found a "Pisciculture" center in the Ría de Arousa were due to Antón Vila Nadal, at the end of the 19th century, when he proposed the creation of a single Galician Biological Station, located in Carril. In the pamphlet "Objeto y descripción del Acuario Ambulante de la Estación Zoológica de Barcelona y Escuela de Piscicultura de Arosa" (1892) he explained the details and set out his ideas about the Station. In 1900 the first stone of the Station was laid in Carril. Under the auspices of the reform of the Museum of Natural Sciences, the establishment was intended to be created, dependent on the University of Santiago de Compostela and in charge of the professor of Natural History. However, it was not until 1952 that the Marine Research Institute was created in Vigo. 

Much later, public bodies such as the Center for the Control of the Marine Environment (CCMM), CIMA and INTECMAR were created.

In the second half of the 80's, during the presidency of the Xunta de González Laxe, the IGAFA was tendered, the main architect was Pascuala Campos de Michelena, and others collaborated such as Rodríguez Abilleira and Teresa Táboas. Formally, they sought continuity with the large number of canneries on the island, and the Museo do Mar de Galicia, designed in Vigo by César Portela, bears similarities to the IGAFA building. It was inaugurated in 1992, under the presidency of Fraga Iribarne.

Since 2005, IGaFA has been the ""National Center for Occupational Vocational Training in the Aquaculture Training Area"" and has been ISO 9001: 2000 certified by the Quality Management System.

Occupational training courses in aquaculture were initially held at the center until 1994.

It is possible to study diving and aquaculture courses at the center. 

It is part of the "Erasmus +" organization. 

The offer of non-regulated courses includes those of shellfishing and professional diving, since 1999, being the only center in Galicia that provides this training.
The offers of regulated training courses since 1994 is the Specific Vocational Training Cycles :


The center has common facilities for teaching aquaculture and diving, with 11 classrooms for theoretical classes, a library, an auditorium, science and biology laboratories, an audiovisual classroom and a computer room.

For the specific education of aquaculture it has cultivation facilities of 1,175 m with the necessary sections for the conditioning of the breeders, incubation, larval culture, larval feeding ( phytoplankton and zooplankton ) and pre-fattening of cultivated species, in the areas of auxiliary crops, cultivation of fish, shellfish farming and shellfish farming.

In addition, it has four laboratories equipped with optical material for the practices of aquaculture cycles, as well as a workshop on marine culture facilities.

It also has a raft for the cultivation of molluscs, two cages for fattening fish and crustaceans and an intertidal park provided by the Fishermen's Guild of A Illa de Arousa.

In the outer enclosure are located two mini-farms of molluscs, a greenhouse for continental fish farming and facilities of the ""Plan of Repopulation of Marine Species of the Galician Coast" ".

For professional diving lessons, there are equipped rooms, an indoor swimming pool, an outdoor pool, a hyperbaric chamber, a gas charging station, an aquarium room, a welding workshop, a mechanics workshop and several boats. 


Blasterjaxx

Blasterjaxx is a Dutch DJ and record producer duo, Thom Jongkind (born 1990) and Idir Makhlaf (born 1992). They originated in The Hague and has been active since 2010. They mainly produce big room house and electro house music.

Gadjah Mada University

Gadjah Mada University (; , abbreviated as UGM) is a research university and public university located in Yogyakarta, Indonesia. Gadjah Mada University was officially founded on 19 December 1949, and one of the oldest and largest educational institutions in the country.


The Pumpkin Eater

The Pumpkin Eater is a 1964 British psychological drama movie directed by Jack Clayton and was based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Penelope Mortimer. It stars Anne Bancroft (in her Oscar nominated performance), Peter Finch, James Mason, Cedric Hardwicke, Eric Porter, Janine Gray, Yootha Joyce, Maggie Smith and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Junji Ito

In 2019, Ito received an Eisner Award for his manga adaptation of Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein".

Alberto Lembo

Alberto Lembo (28 July 1944 – 22 February 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Lega Nord and later the National Alliance. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1994 to 2001. Lembo was born in Zevio, Italy. 

Lembo died in Lonigo, Italy on 22 February 2022 at the age of 77.

Zevio

Zevio is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto. It is about west of Venice and about southeast of Verona.

Lonigo

Lonigo is a town and "comune" in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, northern Italy. Around 16,400 people lived here in 2009.

Britta Schall Holberg

Britta Schall Caroc Holberg (25 July 1941 – 23 February 2022) was a Danish politician. She was a member of the Venstre party. She was Minister of the Interior from 1982 to 1986, Minister for Agriculture from 1986 to 1987, and was a member of the Folketing from 1984 to 1988 and again from 2005 to 2011. Holberg was born in Glumsø, Denmark.

Holberg died on 23 February 2022 in Copenhagen, Denmark the age of 80.

1975 FESPIC Games

The 1st FESPIC Games was a competition for multiple sports. They were for disabled athletics from Far East and South Pacific. It happened in Beppu, Japan. 973 people were in the 1975 FESPIC Games.

Bokermannohyla caramaschii

Bokermannohyla caramaschii is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Benalmádena

Benalmádena () is a town in Andalusia in southern Spain, 12 km west of Málaga, on the Costa del Sol between Torremolinos and Fuengirola.

Snake Island during the Russo-Ukrainian War

The Battle of Snake Island took place on 24 February 2022 on Snake Island during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. That invasion is part of a war that has not stopped for 7 years (as of January 2023; See Russo-Ukrainian War).

Russian soldiers captured Snake Island. Ukrainian soldiers again have control of the island, as of 2023's first quarter.

On 28 February 2022, the Ukrainian Navy posted on its Facebook page that all the border guards of the island were alive and detained by the Russian Navy.

The attack was widely publicized when an audio clip, had a Ukrainian soldier saying "Russian warship, go fuck yourself".

On 30 June 2022, the Russian soldiers withdrew and left the island, marking a Ukrainian victory.

Media did say that all (thirteen) border guards on the island were killed in the bombardment in February 2022, after refusing to surrender to a Russian warship. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced that the border guards would be posthumously granted the title of Hero of Ukraine, the country's highest honor.

Wolfgang Sidka

Wolfgang Sidka (born 26 May 1954 in Lengerich) is an association football manager and former player.

Harvard University Press

Harvard University Press is the press of Harvard University.

Cuckolding

Cuckolding is a sexual fetish in which an individual gets turned on by their partner having sexual acts with someone else. This should be not be confused with compersion, which refers to when someone experiences joy associated with seeing one's partner have a sexual or romantic relation with another. It’s closely related to BDSM, including humiliation. The term cuckold usually means a man who was cheated on by his wife without knowing.

'Alawi dynasty

The 'Alawi dynasty (, "Sulālat al-ʿAlawiyyīn al-Fīlālīyn") – also translated in English as Alaouite, 'Alawid, or Alawite – is the current Moroccan royal family and dynasty.

John Lyly

John Lyly (1553 or 1554 – November 1606; also spelled "Lilly", "Lylie", "Lylly") was an English writer, dramatist, courtier, and parliamentarian. he was best known during his lifetime for his two books "Euphues: The Anatomy of Wit" (1578) and its sequel "Euphues and His England" (1580).



Thomas von Heesen

Thomas von Heesen (born 1 October 1961) is a former German football attacking midfielder. He is currently an assistant manager for Khoneh Be Khoneh. 

HSV

Arminia Bielefeld


Visual Effects Society

The Visual Effects Society (VES) is an entertainment organization representing all visual effects practitioners: artists, animators, model makers, supervisors, technologists, studio leaders, PR/marketing personals related to film, television programs, music videos, and video games. It has produced the Visual Effects Society Awards which honor the best works in various categories, such as Star Wars (1977), Blade Runner (1982), etc. 


Msheireb Downtown Doha

Msheireb Downtown Doha (Arabic: مشیرب) is a planned city in Doha, Qatar being constructed in place of the current district of Mushayrib. Initial construction began in January 2010. Located in the downtown area of Qatar's capital city, it is set to occupy 310,000 sq m with the total cost of construction amounting to approximately $5.5 billion. It was launched in six phases by Msheireb Properties, a subsidiary of Qatar Foundation. The project is a flagship project for Msheireb Properties, and aims to preserve the historical downtown area of Doha.


Education City

Education City is a development in Al Rayyan, Qatar. Developed by the Qatar Foundation, the 12 square kilometres (4.6 sq mi) property houses various educational facilities, including satellite campuses of eight international universities.


Jeannette Young

Jeannette Rosita Young (born 1963) is an Australian politician, physician and medical administrator. She is the current governor of the state of Queensland since 2021. Young was the Chief Health Officer of Queensland Health from 2005 to 2021.

Frances Adamson

Frances Jennifer Adamson, (born 20 April 1961) is an Australian politician. She is the 36th Governor of South Australia since 7 October 2021. She was the Ambassador to China from 2011 until 2016.

Dominic Perrottet

Dominic Francis Perrottet ( ; born 21 September 1982) is an Australian politician. He was the 46th premier of New South Wales and Leader of the New South Wales division of the Liberal Party of Australia from 2021 to 2023.

Irma Rosnell

Irma Maria Rosnell (20 February 1927 – 19 February 2022) was a Finnish politician. She was a member of the Finnish People's Democratic League. She was in the Parliament of Finland from 1954 to 1987. Rosnell was born in Pori, Finland.

Rosnell died in Pori on 19 February 2022, the day before her 95th birthday.

Joni James

Joni James (born Giovanna Carmella Babbo, September 22, 1930 – February 20, 2022) was an American pop singer. She was born in Chicago, Illinois. Her career lasted from 1952 until 1964. James was known for her single "Why Don't You Believe Me?" (1952). She also performed "Almost Always" and "Is it Any Wonder?".

James died on February 20, 2022 at the age of 91 at a hospital in West Palm Beach, Florida.

Tatiana Birshtein

Tatiana Birshtein or Tat'yana Maksimovna Birshtein (Татья́на Макси́мовна Бирште́йн, 20 December 1928 – 23 February 2022) was a Russian molecular scientist. Birshtein's works focused in the physics of polymers. In 2007 she was given the L'Oréal-UNESCO Award for Women in Science.

Birshtein died on 23 February 2022, at the age of 93.

Eduardo Mirás

Eduardo Vincente Mirás (14 November 1929 – 24 February 2022) was an Argentine Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1952. He was titular bishop of "Ambia" and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Buenos Aires from 1984 to 1994 and as archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Rosario, Argentina, from 1994 to 2005. 

Mirás died from problems caused by COVID-19 on 24 February 2022 in Rosario, Argentina at the age of 92 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Argentina.

Hemananda Biswal

Hemananda Biswal (1 December 1939 – 25 February 2022) was an Indian politician. Biswal was Chief Minister of Odisha from 7 December 1989 to 5 March 1990, and again from 6 December 1999 to 5 March 2000. He was also the MP of Sundergarh from 2009 to 2014.

Biswal died on 25 February 2022 at a private hospital in Bhubaneswar, India from problems caused by pneumonia, aged 82. 

Joeli Vidiri

Joeli Vidiri (23 November 1973 – 25 February 2022) was a Fijian rugby union footballer. He played as a wing. Vidiri played for the Fiji national team from 1994 until 1995, making seven appearances. He also played for the New Zealand national team in 1998, making two appearances. Vidiri was born in Nausori, Fiji.

Vidiri died on 25 February 2022 from problems caused by COVID-19 in Florida at the age of 48.

Dimitris Tsovolas

Dimitris Tsovolas (; 4 September 1942 – 25 February 2022) was a Greek politician and lawyer. He was Minister of Finance from 1985 to 1989 during the Andreas Papandreou government. Tsovolas was born in Melissourgoi, Greece. He was a member of the Hellenic Parliament from 1977 until 1992 and again from 1996 until 2000. In 1995, he founded the Democratic Social Movement. He was the party's leader until 2004.

Tsovolas died on 25 February 2022 at a hospital in Athens, Greece from stomach cancer, aged 79.

Mission golden-eyed tree frog

The Mission golden-eyed tree frog, Amazon milk frog, blue milk frog, or Kunawalu casque-headed frog ("Trachycephalus resinifictrix") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Venezuela, Peru, and the Guianas. Scientists think it might also live in Colombia.

The adult male frog is about 7.7 cm long and the adult female frog is about 8.8 cm long. The skin on the frog's back is dark brown with green or lighter brown spots. The legs and toes have cream and black marks on them. Each frog has a triangle-shaped spot between its eyes with one point pointing toward the frog's nose. The irises of the eyes have a shape called a Maltese cross in them.

This animal hides during the day and looks for food at night. It spends most of its time in the tree branches. The female frog lays eggs in water-filled holes in trees. The tadpoles eat dead plants and other eggs from the same species.

Coarsegold, California

Coarsegold is a census-designated place in Madera County, California. The population was 4,144 at the 2020 census.

Lionel James

Lionel "Little Train" James (May 25, 1962 – February 25, 2022) was an American professional football player. He was a running back for the San Diego Chargers in the National Football League (NFL) from 1984 until 1988. He played college football for the Auburn Tigers. James was born in Albany, Georgia.

James died on February 25, 2022 at the age of 59.

Carlos Moedas

Carlos Manuel Félix Moedas (born 10 August 1970) is a Portuguese civil engineer, economist and politician. He is a member of the Social Democratic Party (PSD). Moedas is the 78th Mayor of Lisbon since 2021.

From 2014 until 2019, Moedas was the European Commissioner covering the portfolio of Research, Science and Innovation under the leadership of President Jean-Claude Juncker.

United States District Court for the District of Columbia

The United States District Court for the District of Columbia (in case citations, D.D.C.) is a federal district court in the District of Columbia. It sometimes deals with federal issues that come from American Samoa. Appeals from the District are taken to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.

Kylie (name)

Kylie (also spelled Kilee, Kileigh, Kiley, Kilee, Kylee, Kyleigh, or Kyly) is a feminine given name.

The name became popular from 1960s to the 1970s. In 1970, it was the fifth most popular girl's name in Australia. The Australian author Kylie Tennant is thought to make the name popular. She was born Kathleen Tennant, but was called Kylie in childhood. According to the "Australian Dictionary of Biography", the publication of her third novel in 1941 "made her a household name and brought her international acclaim".


United States Sentencing Commission

The United States Sentencing Commission is an independent agency of the judicial branch of the U.S. federal government. It is responsible for pushing the U.S. Federal Sentencing Guidelines for the federal courts. 

Charles Breyer

Charles Roberts Breyer (born November 3, 1941) is an American attorney and jurist. He is a Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. He was nominated to the court by President Bill Clinton. He is the brother of Associate Justice Stephen Breyer.

Michael E. Horowitz

Michael Evan Horowitz (born September 19, 1962) is an American attorney and government official. He is the Inspector General of the United States Department of Justice.

Voice vote

A voice vote (from the Latin "viva voce", meaning "live voice") or acclamation is a voting method by members of a legislatures in which a group vote is taken unanimously vocally ("no" or "nay").

Henry H. Kennedy Jr.

Henry Harold Kennedy Jr. (born February 22, 1948) is an American Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia since 2011. He was nominated to the court in 1997 by President Bill Clinton.

Florence Y. Pan

Florence Yu Pan (born November 16, 1966) is an American attorney and judge. She is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia since 2021. Pan was nominated to the court by President Joe Biden. She was an associate judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia from 2009 until 2021.

2019 Ukrainian presidential election

The 2019 Ukrainian presidential election was held on 31 March and 21 April in a two-round system.

There were a total of 39 candidates for the election on the ballot. The top two candidates were Volodymyr Zelensky, who played the role of Ukraine's president in a popular television comedy, and the incumbent president Petro Poroshenko.

Zelensky won in the second round in a landslide victory with 73.22% of the votes.

Servant of the People (political party)

Servant of the People (, SN) is a centrist political party in Ukraine.

It was formed in late 2017 and was officially registered on 31 March 2018. The party is named after the hit Ukrainian TV series "Servant of the People".

In the 2019 parliamentary election the party won 124 seats on the nationwide party list and 130 constituency seats. 

The current president of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy (who starred in "Servant of the People") is a member of the party.

Vadim Krasnoselsky

Vadim Nikolaevich Krasnoselsky (; ; born 14 April 1970) is a Transnistrian politician who is the 3rd and current President of Transnistria since 2016.

Vadim Krasnoselsky's office is in the city of Tiraspol.
He has two children namely Sofia Krasnoselskaya and Ivan Kranoselskaya respectively
President of Transnistria

The president of Transnistria is the highest elected official of Transnistria. The president of the republic is the country's head of state and is also commander in chief of its armed forces.

Protests against the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine

There were protests against the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine in many places.

1,700 Russians in 53 Russian cities have been arrested arrested by police for protesting against the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. On 24 February, Russia said to not make any "unsanctioned" protest. Authorities said that they would get arrested for protesting against the war. Over 60 Russian activists and journalist have been arrested.

Dmitry Muratov, a Nobel Peace Prize winner said that the "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper would be in both Ukrainian and Russian. A lot of journalists signed a document saying that Ukraine wouldn't hurt Russia. The document also asked Russian citizens "to say no to this war."

Russian leader Alexei Navalny disliked the attack on Ukraine. He called the people who started the war "bandits and thieves."

On 24 February, Lev Ponomaryov made a petition to protest the invasion. It got 289,000 signatures by the end of the day. 

There have been many protests in Russia's embassies and consulates. These include:


Protests were also done in Istanbul, Luxembourg City, Sydney, Tokyo and Vienna. In Valencia, Venezuela, many students held a protest.

Yevgeny Shevchuk

Yevgeny Vasilyevich Shevchuk (, tr. "Yevgeniy Vasilyevich Shevchuk", , tr. "Yevhen Vasylovych Shevchuk", Moldovan Cyrillic: Евгени Васильевичь Шевчюк, ; born 19 June 1968) is a Transnistrian politician. He was the 2nd President of Transnistria from 2011 to 2016.

Shevchuk is an ethnic Ukrainian and a citizen of both Transnistria and Russia.

In 2017, Shevchuk fled to Moldova while guilty on criminal charges. In December 2018, he was sentenced "in absentia" to 16 years in prison and a fine of about 36 million US dollars.

Supreme Council (Transnistria)

The Supreme Council of the Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic (, Moldovan Cyrillic: Советул Супрем ал Републичий Молдовенешть Нистрене; ; ) is the parliament of Transnistria. The unicameral legislature has 33 seats. It is headed by a chairman (or speaker).

Igor Smirnov

Igor Nikolaevich Smirnov (, tr. "Igorʹ Nikolayevich Smirnov"; ; born 23 October 1941) is a Transnistrian politician. He was the first president (1991–2011) of the internationally unrecognized Pridnestrovian Moldovan Republic. He supported Transnistria becoming part of Russia.

Prime Minister of Transnistria

The prime minister of Transnistria is the "de facto" head of government of the unrecognized Pridnestrovian Moldovan Republic, that is "de jure" part of Moldova.

The current prime minister is Aleksandr Rosenberg, since 30 May 2022, under the presidency of Vadim Krasnoselsky.

Aleksandr Martynov (Transnistrian politician)

Aleksandr Martynov or Alexandr Martynov (born 1 January 1981) is a Transnistrian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Transnistria from 17 December 2016 until 30 May 2022 under the presidency of Vadim Krasnoselsky.

Pavel Prokudin

Pavel Nikolaevich Prokudin (; ; ; born 17 August 1966) is a Transnistrian politician. He was the 3rd Prime Minister of Transnistria from 2015 until 2016.

Maya Parnas

Maya Ivanovna Parnas (, ; born 15 May 1974) is a Transnistrian politician. She was the acting Prime Minister of Transnistria two times in 2015.

Tatiana Turanskaya

Tatiana Mikhailovna Turanskaya (; born November 20, 1972) is a Transnistrian politician. She was the Prime Minister of Transnistria from 2013 until 2015.

Pyotr Stepanov

Pyotr Petrovich Stepanov (; born 2 January 1959) is a Transnistrian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Transnistria from 18 January 2012 until 10 July 2013.

Irina Karamanos

Irina Sabine Alice Karamanos Adrian (born 29 October 1989) is a Chilean anthropologist and political scientist. She was the partner of Gabriel Boric, the President of Chile. She became first lady and Director of the Sociocultural Area of the Presidency on 11 March 2022. Karamanos is the leader of the feminist wing of her political party, Social Convergence.

At first, both she and Boric were against the role of First Lady, with Karamanos saying "I think it is a role we need to rethink because we live in different times and a lot has changed. We need to rethink the power and the relationships that emerge from it." However, Karamanos later said that she would take the role and change it, and she would focus on transgender issues and child migration. This decision was controversial with feminist groups in Chile.

Boric and Karamanos announced the end of their relationship in November 2023.

Her grandparents were born in Kymi, Greece, and she speaks Spanish, Greek, English and German.

Boric and Karamanos have a pet dog, called Brownie. They live in Punta Arenas.


Martin Newell

Martin Edward Newell is a British-born computer scientist who created the Utah teapot computer graphics model. He was graduated from University of Utah in 1975, and together with Tom Sancha developed Newell's algorithm, a technique for eliminating cyclic dependencies during polygon ordering in a computer graphics system.

Battle of Chernobyl

The Battle of Chernobyl was a battle between the Russian and Ukrainian armed forces that ocurred within the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone on the first day of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. The Russian forces had moved in southward from Belarus. At the end of the day, the Russians gained control of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant.

In the Chernobyl disaster in 1986, lots of radioactive materials came from the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant. The radioactive materials then went into the environment around it. This area is a radius around the power plant. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, it became part of Ukraine and was managed by the State Emergency Service of Ukraine.

On 24 February, 2022, the Ukraine government said that Russian forces were attacking the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone. At the end of the day, the Ukraine government said that Russia captured Chernobyl and Pripyat. After this, the American government said "credible reports that Russian soldiers are currently holding the staff of the Chernobyl facilities hostage."

It was said that artillery shells hit radioactive waste. This caused more radioactivity. The International Atomic Energy Agency, however, said that "there had been no casualties nor destruction at the industrial site."

Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the capture of that zone was "declaration of war against the whole of Europe".

Mykhailo Podoliak, an advisor to the President's Office of Ukraine said that it was a "totally pointless attack", and "the condition of the former Chernobyl nuclear power plant, confinement, and nuclear waste storage facilities is unknown".

Ben Hodges, a former general for United States Army Europe, said that the zone was helpful for Russia because it became easier to attack from the North. The former American Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense American Deputy Assistant for Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia Evelyn Farkas said that Russia wants to surround Kyiv.

According to BBC News, monitoring stations in the area reported a 20-fold increase in radiation levels, up to 65 μSv/h.

Broken Arrow (military)

Broken Arrow was a call for all available combat aircraft to attack enemy positions, even those close to the position of US troops. The reason for calling in that order, is because a US position is being overrun and can no longer be defended.

Broken Arrow was a code phrase , that a military unit on the ground is facing imminent (or very soon) destruction from enemy attack and all available air forces within range are to provide air support immediately". 

Broken Arrow is a code phrase that refers to an accidental event that involves nuclear weapons, warheads or components that does not create a risk of nuclear war. These include:


In movies, the phrase has been used in "" (2002). Its movie star is Mel Gibson. 

Part of the plot of the movie is that, at the point of being overrun by the enemy, the military officer (played by Mel Gibson), orders his forward air controller, to call in the air strike, by saying "Broken Arrow, Broken Arrow".


Broken Arrow

Broken Arrow can be:


Battle of Starobilsk

The Battle of Starobilsk was a battle that started on 25 February 2022, during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Starobilsk is a city near Luhansk (in Luhansk Oblast). It is the administrative center of Starobilsk Raion. The river Aidar runs to the west of the city centre; The river is a natural obstacle.

Lee O-young

Lee O-young (15 January 1934 – 26 February 2022) was a South Korean politician, critic and novelist. Lee was born in Asan-si, Chungcheongnam-do, Chōsen, Japan. Lee taught at Ewha Womans University, where he was a professor emeritus, and Dankook University. Lee was the chief editor of "Munhak sasang" ("Literary Thought"). From 1989 until 1990, he was the Minister of Culture.

Lee died on 26 February 2022 at a hospital in Seoul, South Korea from multiple myeloma, aged 88.

Viktor Medvedchuk

Viktor Volodymyrovych Medvedchuk (; born 7 August 1954) is a Ukrainian politician, lawyer and business oligarch. On 12 April 2022, the Security Service of Ukraine arrested Medvedchuk. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy released a photo of Medvedchuk in handcuffs wearing a Ukrainian military uniform.

Later in 2022, he was sent from Ukraine to Russia.

He has been a member of the Verkhovna Rada since 29 August 2019.

In February 2021, the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine sanctioned him and his wife for giving money that supported terrorism in Ukraine. In May 2021, he was accused of treason. Medvedchuk has been under house arrest since 13 May 2021.

On 8 March 2022, Medvedchuk was removed as co-chairman of the political party Opposition Platform — For Life.

He is [no longer] the chairman of the pro-Russia political organization "Ukrainian Choice".

Some have called him "Putin's closest ally in Ukraine".

Eugenia Tymoshenko

Eugenia (Yevhenia) Oleksandrivna Tymoshenko (; born 20 February 1980) is a Ukrainian businesswoman, philanthropist and activist. She is founder and president of the Association "CHILD.UA". She is the daughter of former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko.

Kyiv National Economic University

The Kyiv National Economic University (), is a university in Kyiv, Ukraine. It is a national research university. The university was founded in 1906. It is one of the top universities in the country.

Battle of Vasylkiv

The Battle of Vasylkiv was a military battle between Russia and Ukraine which began on 26 February 2022, during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

In the early morning of 26 February, Russian paratroopers began landing near the city of Vasylkiv, just 40 kilometers south of Kyiv. They tried to secure Vasylkiv Air Base. Heavy fighting between the Russian paratroopers and Ukrainian defenders occurred in the city.

Kyiv offensive (2022)

The Kyiv offensive (see offensive) was a theater during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine (which is ongoing, as of 2022's second quarter). The goal of the Kyiv offensive, was control of the capital city of Ukraine, Kyiv and the surrounding province (or oblast). 

On the morning of 24 February, Russian Armed Forces entered the oblast and were engaged by the Armed Forces of Ukraine. 

Ukraine's military command and government is (in the 2020s) based in the oblast.


Ghost of Kyiv

The Ghost of Kyiv () is the nickname given to an unconfirmed MiG-29 Fulcrum flying ace. They are known for shooting down six Russian planes in the Kyiv offensive on 24 February 2022. The Ghost of Kyiv is likely an urban legend and not a real flying ace.

As early as May 2022, the Ukrainian Air Force said that "Ghost of Kyiv" is only a myth; The air force also gave a warning that people should not "neglect the basic rules of information hygiene" and to "check the sources of information, before spreading" information.

The Ukrainian Ministry of Defence said that the Ghost of Kyiv could be one of dozens of experienced pilots of military reserve who returned to the Armed Forces of Ukraine after Russia invaded.

A former Ukrainian president, Petro Poroshenko, later posted a tweet of a photograph of a fighter pilot, claiming it to be the Ghost of Kyiv, who Poroshenko said was real.

Bokermannohyla oxente

Bokermannohyla oxente is a frog that lives in northeastern Brazil.

Catholic Church in Portugal

The Portuguese Catholic Church is a Catholic Church in Portugal, they have communion with the Pope in Rome. The Catholic Church is the world's largest Christian organisation. Catholicity is Portugal's largest religion, it has existed since the Iberian Peninsula was ruled by the Roman Empire.

There are around nine million baptised Catholics in Portugal, which is around 84% of the population.

Portugal have 20 dioceses, 2789 priests. Around 19% of the national population attend mass and take the sacraments regularly. In 2010, the average age of priests was 62. In 2012, 88% of the Portuguese population considered themselves culturally Catholic in a survey sponsored by a Christian organization.

Kyuukyuu Sentai GoGoFive

Kyuukyuu Sentai GoGoFive is a Japanese television series. It is the 23rd series on Toei's Super Sentai series. Its footage was used in Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue.

Grandiene has been waiting for the moment she can mainfest on Earth on the day when the planets are in the alignment of the Grand Cross, sending her children to make the preparations while making Earth into a realm of darkness for her. But Professor Mondo Tatsumi of the Tatsumi Disaster Prevention Research Center, while falling to convince his peers of this event despite his eminence, left his family to secretly develop the Rescue System to counter the threat by the Psyma Family. When the Psyma commence their attack in 1999, month before the Grand Cross is to occur, the Tatsumi siblings find themselves recruited by the estranged father to fight the demons as the GoGoFive team.



Mirai Sentai Timeranger

Mirai Sentai Timeranger is a Japanese television series. It is the 24th series on Toei's Super Sentai series. joining Timeranger alongside "Kamen Rider Kuuga". Its footage was used in Power Rangers Time Force.

In the 30th century, time travel becomes illegal after a Temporal paradox crisis. The Time Database Bureau (TDB) is established to watch for and stop time crimes. Four new enlistee Cadet of the TDB are tricked by Don Dolnero and his gang into letting them time-travel to the year 2000 to commit various crimes and, to protect history, to four cadets pursue them. They encounter a severe problem: the Timeranger program requires five members for the first operation. They coerce a present-day Martial arts, Tatsuya Asami, to join them, and they become the Timerangers. Tatsuya rents a building for them to live in, and they start a small odd-jobs business called Tomorrow Research to financially support themselves.

Over time, the four cadets begin to realize that their presence would inevitably change the Future in the form of the City Guardians, a Police under the employment of the Asami Corporation to protect the city from the Londerz. The City Guardians form a tenuous relationship with the Timerangers, especially when Tatsuya's college acquaintance Naoto becomes Time Fire and later also becomes the City Guardian's captain.



Spidey and His Amazing Friends (2021 TV series)

Spidey and His Amazing Friends, which is also known as Marvel's Spidey and His Amazing Friends, is a computer-animated superhero children's television series. It aired on Disney Junior on August 6, 2021. After the series premiere, the series got renewed for a second season which will premiere in August 2022. The show features young versions of the Marvel characters.

Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends

Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends is a 1981–1983 American animated television series that was produced by Marvel Productions. It is intended to be a crossover series connected to the 1981 "Spider-Man" series. The show stars already-established Marvel Comics characters Spider-Man and Iceman, plus an original character, Firestar. As a trio called the Spider-Friends, they fought against various villains of the Marvel Universe.


Uwe Rapolder

Uwe Rapolder (born 29 May 1958) is a German retired football player and manager.

Sidrapong Hydel Power Station

Sidrapong Hydroelectric Power Station (a.k.a. Sidrapong Hydel Power Station), located from Darjeeling town, is the oldest hydroelectric power plant in India. Opened on 10 November 1897, its original capacity was 2 × 65 kW, which was expanded to a total 1000 kW in 1916. Having reached the limit of the water supply, the equipment was replaced in 1931 for triple-phase transmission.

The station uses water from the streams Kotwali, Hospital and Barbatia, moved through a network of flumes to reservoirs, then passed down penstocks to the generators.

West Bengal State Electricity Board (WBSEB) took over operation of the station and Darjeeling Electric Supply in 1978. In the 1980s, the station was damaged due to a landslide and remained closed for a decade, but was re-opened in 1997.

Frank Geideck

Frank Geideck (born 2 April 1967) is a German football coach and a former player. As of June 2013, he is an assistant manager with Borussia Mönchengladbach.

Detlev Dammeier

Detlev Dammeier (born 18 October 1968) is a German football coach and a former player who was the last athletic director of Arminia Bielefeld.

Dammeier was born in Stadthagen. In 1986, he signed his first professional contract with Hannover 96. From 1989 to 1992 he played for the Hamburger SV and moved to VfL Wolfsburg in the 2. Bundesliga. In 1997, Wolfsburg was promoted to the Bundesliga. In 2000, Dammeier moved to Arminia Bielefeld in the 2. Bundesliga. With this club he was promoted both in 2002 and 2004 to the Bundesliga. He finally finished his playing career at the end of the 2005–06 season.


Annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation

In February and March 2014, Russia invaded and annexed (took over) the Crimean Peninsula from Ukraine. This event took place after the Revolution of Dignity. It is part of the wider Russo-Ukrainian conflict.

On 22–23 February 2014, Russian President Vladimir Putin met with security service chiefs to discuss how to save the deposed Ukrainian president, Viktor Yanukovych. At the end of the meeting, Putin remarked that "we must start working on returning Crimea to Russia". On 23 February, pro-Russian demonstrations were held in the Crimean city of Sevastopol. On 27 February, masked Russian soldiers in unmarked green military uniforms took over the Supreme Council (parliament) of Crimea and captured strategic sites across Crimea, which led to the installation of the pro-Russian Sergey Aksyonov government in Crimea. This government held the Crimean status referendum, and declared Crimea's independence on 16 March 2014. Russia formally incorporated Crimea as two Russian federal subjects—the Republic of Crimea and the federal city of Sevastopol on 18 March 2014. After the event, Russia deployed more military on the peninsula and came with threats about using nuclear weapons so that Russia could keep its new power in Crimea (or solidify the new status quo on the ground).

Ukraine and many other countries condemned the annexation and consider it to be a violation of international law, as well as Russian-signed agreements safeguarding the territorial integrity of Ukraine, including the 1991 Belavezha Accords that established the Commonwealth of Independent States, the 1975 Helsinki Accords, the 1994 Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances and the 1997 Treaty on friendship, cooperation and partnership between the Russian Federation and Ukraine. It led to the other members of the then G8 suspending Russia from the group and then introducing a first round of sanctions against the country. The United Nations General Assembly also rejected the referendum and annexation, adopting a resolution affirming the "territorial integrity of Ukraine within its internationally recognised borders". The UN resolution also "underscores that the referendum [is not valid, and] cannot form the basis for any alteration of the status of [Crimea]" and called upon all states and international organizations not to recognize or to imply the recognition of Russia's annexation. In 2016, the UN General Assembly reaffirmed non-recognition of the annexation and condemned "the temporary occupation of part of the territory of Ukraine—the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol".

The Russian government opposes the "annexation" label, with Putin defending the referendum as complying with the principle of self-determination of peoples.

The conflict has many names.

In Russia, it is known as

Darjeeling Himalayan Railway

The Darjeeling Himalayan Railway, also known as the DHR or the Toy Train, is a gauge railway that goes between New Jalpaiguri and Darjeeling in the Indian state of West Bengal. Built between 1879 and 1881, it is about long. It climbs from about above sea level at New Jalpaiguri to about at Darjeeling, using six zig zags and five loops to gain altitude. Six diesel locomotives move most of the scheduled service, with daily tourist trains from Darjeeling to Ghum – India's highest railway station – and the steam-hauled "Red Panda" service from Darjeeling to Kurseong. Steam train specials are hauled by older British-built B-Class steam locomotives. The railway's headquarters are at Kurseong.

On 5 December 1999, UNESCO named the DHR a World Heritage Site. Two more railway lines were later added, and the site became known as one of the mountain railways of India.

Battle of Kharkiv (2022)

The Battle of Kharkiv [was] a battle around the city of Kharkiv in Ukraine during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Bagdogra Airport

Bagdogra Airport is an airport located in the Bagdogra, a city within the metropolitan area of Siliguri, which is in northern West Bengal, India.


Darjeeling Ropeway

The Darjeeling Ropeway is a ropeway in the town of Darjeeling in the Indian state of West Bengal. The 5 km long ropeway is a tourist destination in the town. It has sixteen cars and goes between the "North Point" in the town of Darjeeling and Singla on the banks of the Ramman river. The trip on the ropeway has views of the hills and the valleys around Darjeeling.

The ropeway, which was started in 1968 and renovated in 1998, was stopped in October 2003 after four tourists died.
The ropeway was reopened on 2 February 2012 after repairs were made.

Ram Ranch

"Ram Ranch" is a 2012 song released by Grant MacDonald in the album "Lovin' Ya Cowboy". The song was released as a single on August 30, 2012, although it was not added into an album until April 21, 2017, when "Lovin' Ya Cowboy" was released. The song is known for its overly sexual lyrics and little rhythm. The song has received mostly positive feedback. The song has been used in internet trolling in a way similar to rickrolling, usually with a fake hyperlink that looks like it leads something else, but goes to the song instead.

Several sequels to "Ram Ranch" have been released, usually named via numbers, with the most recent being "Ram Ranch 763" released in February 2024.

The song was used in 2022 during the Canada convoy protest. The song was used by counter-protesters to flood Zello channels, to troll protesters at the protests.

Porta di Prada

Porta di Prada is a mountain in the province of Lecco, Lombardy, northern Italy, particularly in the territory area of the village of Lierna and Mandello del Lario, on Grigna settentrionale, near the Refuge Bietti Buzzi (Lake Como).

The Prada door is present in the background of the Mona Lisa painted by Leonardo da Vinci, with a view of Lierna, Olcio and Menaggio.

The peak reaches 1,626 metres in altitude.



Stylophone

The Stylophone is a instrument with keyboard and stylus. It was invented in 1967 by Brian Jarvis and marketed the next year by Dubreq. The instrument is mostly known because it is easy to use and learn.

Kid Krrish (movie)

Kid Krrish is an 2013 Indian Hindi-language television film based on Krrish. It is about the kid version of him as a superhero. It released on October 2, 2013. It was directed by Sooraj MK and executive produced by P Jayakumar. It was also produced by Toonz Animation, Film Kraft Productions, and Turner International India.

Krishna has inherited some special powers from his father, Rohit. Jadoo, an alien, comes down to earth to complete an unfinished job. Jadoo and Krishna meet and go on an exciting journey.

Kid Krrish: Shakalaka Africa

Kid Krrish: Shakalaka Africa is an 2015 Indian Hindi-language animated television film. It was directed by Deepak Naidu. It released on April 25, 2015. It is the sequel to "" and is the final film in the "Kid Krrish franchise".

An alien Gozonian tribe conspires to destroy planet Earth and rule over the entire universe. The Gozonian tribe was destroyed earlier by the inter-galactic council. However, they rose to power after the invention of a powerful weapon that can possibly increase the human race intelligence. The tribe's evil leader takes back the bionic body from Dr Para for his extreme lust for power. A giant robotic dinosaur creates havoc under Ru Bonda's command. But Kid Krrish successfully destroys it, thus infuriating him. The Gozonian leader approaches Ru Bonda for his help in obtaining a rare Blue Diamond which is present in South Africa's lion crown mountain. On the other hand, Krrish also finds out about Gozonian's plan from his father's diary which he finds in Dr Para's hideout. He along with Mengue travels to South Africa's lion crown mountain. He cleverly sneaks in behind Ru Bonda with the help of the animals. Eventually, Krrish successfully defeats the Gozonian tribe and rescues the entire human race from annihilation.

The Art of War (movie)

The Art of War is a 2000 American Canadian action spy movie directed by Christian Duguay and starring Wesley Snipes, Donald Sutherland, Anne Archer, Maury Chaykin, Ron Yuan, Michael Biehn, Marie Matiko, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Ukrainians in Germany

There are people in Germany that have Ukrainian ancestry. Around 250,000 of those live in Germany; Statistisches Bundesamt says that. Around 130,000 are Ukrainian citizens (in 2014).

Famous people include:

Ninpuu Sentai Hurricaneger

Ninpuu Sentai Hurricanger is a Japanese television series. It is the 26th series on Toei's Super Sentai series. Hurricaneger aired alongside "Kamen Rider Ryuki". Its footage was used in Power Rangers Ninja Storm.

Three misfit puplis of the Hayate-Style-Ninja-School, who are given a rigorous training regiment by their sensei Mugensai Hinata, are the only survivors when most of their peers were slaughtered during the graduation ceremony by a group of evil space ninjas known as the Jakanja that serve a mysterious power hidden on Earth. Mugensai, who turned himself into a hamster to evade his pursuers, and his daughter Oboro Hinata recruit the trio to become the legendary "Hurricanegers" to the Jakanja. The Hurricanegers are joined by the Gouraiger brothers of the Izakuchi-Style Ninja School, who were initially their enemies, and later the mysterious Shurikenger who unites the two ninja groups to stop Jakanja from acquiring the mysterious power.






Mariana Sadovska

Mariana Sadovska is a Ukrainian actress, singer, musician, recording artist, and composer. She became a Fulbright scholar (see scholar) in 2008. She lives in Germany.

She was born 1972 in Lviv, Ukraine. Her father is Viktor Morozov, a Ukrainian singer, songwriter, and translator.

She is married to the German performance artist Andre Erlen.


Tanja Szewczenko

Tanja Szewczenko is a German figure skater. She got a bronze medal at the 1994 World Figure Skating Championships.

Early life: She was born in 1977 to Vera Küke. Küke was part of the German ethnic group in Ukraine (then part of the Soviet Union). Szewczenko's (Ukrainian) father left the family when she was two years old.

Andrew Witer

Andrew Witer (born November 23, 1946) is a Canadian politician. In 1984 he became a politician in the House of Commons of Canada.

He was born in 1946, to a Ukrainian family in Leonberg, Germany. He came to Canada in his youth.


Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger

Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger is a Japanese television series. It is the 28th series on Toei's Super Sentai series. It aired as a part of TV Asahi's 2004 Super Hero Time block with "Kamen Rider Blade". Its footage was used in Power Rangers S.P.D..

The story begins when Banban Akaza arrives on Earth to the city of Megalopolis. He is transferred to the S.P.D. (Special Police Dekaranger) Earth branch by his commander. By that time, Agent Abrella, an Alienizer arms dealer, turns his destructive attention to Earth, helping the criminals there. It's up to the Dekarangers to stop them and bring them to justice. The S.P.D. of Earth are stationed in the Deka Base under the command of Doggie Kruger.



Kira Yarmysh

Kira Aleksandrovna Yarmysh (born October 11, 1989) is a Russian writer. In 2020, her novel "Incredible Incidents in Women's Cell No. 3" was published. As of 2022, her book has been published in at least one other language.

She is the press secretary and assistant of Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny.

In 2022, media said that she has escaped from Russia; She served 7 months of the 18 months of house arrest - punishment that the Russian authorities gave her.

Yarmysh was born in Rostov-on-Don on October 11, 1989. In 2007, she started studying at the Faculty of International Journalism (Факультет международной журналистики) at Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) without exams, having won the University Challenge Olympiad (see olympiad). After graduation, she worked in the press services of the Pushkin Museum in Moscow. She also worked for Utair airline. In 2013, she took part in the election campaign of Alexei Navalny. He was trying to be elected as mayor of Moscow.

Bokermannohyla diamantina

Bokermannohyla diamantina is a frog that lives in northeastern Brazil. Scientists have seen it in only one place, Riacho do Tijuquinha.

Constantine XI Palaiologos

Constantine XI Dragases Palaiologos or Dragaš Palaeologus (, "Kōnstantînos Dragásēs Palaiológos"; 8 February 1405 – 29 May 1453) was the last Byzantine emperor, started in 1449 until he died in the Fall of Constantinople. His death marked the end of the Byzantine Empire (Eastern Roman Empire) and of the Roman Empire, founded by Augustus almost 1,500 years earlier.

Constantine was the fourth son of Emperor Manuel II Palaiologos and Helena Dragaš, the daughter of Serbian ruler Konstantin Dejanović. His early life is unknown, but from the 1420s onward, he is shown to be a skilled general. Based on his career, Constantine must have been a soldier. He was trusted and liked by his older brother, Emperor John VIII Palaiologos. Constantine and John fended off an attack on the Morea (the Peloponnese) by Carlo I Tocco, ruler of Epirus. In 1428 Constantine became Despot of the Morea and ruled the province together with his older brother Theodore and his younger brother Thomas. Together, they ruled almost the entire Peloponnese for the first time since the Fourth Crusade more than two hundred years before. They rebuilt the ancient Hexamilion wall, which defended the peninsula from outside attacks. Although ultimately unsuccessful, Constantine personally led a campaign into Central Greece and Thessaly in 1444–1446, attempting to extend Byzantine rule into Greece.

In 1448, John VIII died without children, and as his favored successor, Constantine was proclaimed emperor on 6 January 1449. Constantine's brief reign would see the emperor grapple with three primary concerns. First, there was the issue of an heir, as Constantine was also childless. Despite attempts by Constantine's friend and confidant George Sphrantzes to find him a wife, Constantine died unmarried. The second concern was the religious disunity within what little remained of his empire. Constantine and his predecessor John VIII both believed a union between the Orthodox and Catholic Churches was needed to secure military aid from Catholic Europe, but most of the Byzantine people opposed the idea. Finally, the most important concern was the growing Ottoman Empire, which by 1449 completely surrounded Constantinople. In April 1453, the Ottoman Sultan Mehmed II laid siege to Constantinople with an army perhaps numbering as many as 80,000 men. Even though the city's defenders may have had less than a tenth of the sultan's army, Constantine considered the idea of abandoning Constantinople unthinkable. The emperor stayed to defend the city and on 29 May, Constantinople fell. Constantine died the same day. Although no reliable eyewitness accounts of his death survived, most historical accounts agree that the emperor led a last charge against the Ottomans and died fighting.

Constantine was the last Christian ruler of Constantinople. He became known in later Greek folklore as the Marble Emperor (, "Marmaromenos Vasileus", 'Emperor/King turned into Marble'), reflecting a popular legend which endured for centuries that Constantine had not actually died, but had been rescued by an angel and turned into marble, hidden beneath the Golden Gate of Constantinople awaiting a call from God to be restored to life and reconquer both the city and the old empire.

After he died, the monarchy actually did not finish until 1512, and the last person to hold the title Roman Emperor was Francis I as Holy Roman Emperor.

Edward Hibbert

Edward Hibbert (born September 9, 1955) is an American-born British actor.

List of French painters

This is a list of French painters.




Malek Baayou

Malek Baayou (born 29 April 1999 in Sousse; ), also spelled Malek Beaoui, is a Tunisian professional football player who plays as a midfielder for Étoile Sportive du Sahel and the Tunisia national football team.

Malek Baayou played his first match for the Tunisian national football team on September 21, 2019, in a friendly against Libya. This match won 1-0 is part of the qualifiers for the 2020 African Nations Championship.


Chen Din Hwa

Chen Din-hwa (; 1923 – 17 June 2012) was a businessman and philanthropist based in Hong Kong. He was ranked as the 14th wealthiest person in Hong Kong. His net worth at the time of his death was worth of US$2.6 billion.

He was born in Ningbo, Zhejiang, Republic of China in 1923. He left his school at the age of 12 and started working as an apprentice to a silk merchant. At the age of 22 years old, he became chief manager of his family business and at later he owned multiple shops and factories in Shanghai and Ningbo. In 1949, he shifted to Hong Kong where he set up business. 

In 1954, he established Nan Fung Textiles and became its chairman. In the same year, he established Nan Fung Development Limited.

In 2009, he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. The he handed over control of his business to his younger daughter Vivien Chen. She has been part of the business since 1981.

He died on 17 June 2012 at the age of 89 due to prostate cancer.

Claude Lorrain

Claude Lorrain (c. 1600 – 23 November 1682) was a French painter, etcher, and draughtsman of the Baroque era. In French, the name "le Lorrain" is sometimes used for him.


Wenceslas Square

Wenceslas Square is one of the main squares in the New City of Prague, Czech Republic. Many important events happened there. With a width of it is relatively narrow, more like a boulevard. It has a length of which makes it one of the biggest squares in Europe.

Firestarter

Firestarter is a 1984 American science fiction horror movie directed by Mark L. Lester and was based on the 1980 novel of the same name by Stephen King. It stars Drew Barrymore, David Keith, Freddie Jones, Heather Locklear, George C. Scott, Martin Sheen, Art Carney, Louise Fletcher and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It will be remade in 2022.


Norwegian Wood (movie)

Norwegian Wood is a 2010 Japanese romantic drama movie directed by Tran Anh Hung and was based on the novel of the same name by Haruki Murakami. It stars Ken'ichi Matsuyama, Rinko Kikuchi, Kiko Mizuhara, Tetsuji Tamayama, Kengo Kora, Eriko Hatsune and was distributed by Toho.


Hazbin Hotel

Hazbin Hotel is an American adult animated musical series created by Vivienne "VivziePop" Medrano. Its pilot was released to YouTube on October 28, 2019.

The series focuses on Charlie Morningstar, the daughter of Lucifer and princess of Hell, with an almost impossible goal: to help the demons of Hell learn how to be better and get into Heaven.

The series was picked up by the independent film company A24. The show's first season came out on January 19, 2024 on Prime Video, and a second season is being worked on.

Charlie Morningstar, the princess of Hell, opens a hotel called the "Happy Hotel", where she wants to teach demons of Hell how to be better people, in the hopes of getting them into Heaven. Due to overpopulation, Hell goes through an annual purge once a year, where angels descend from Heaven and kill demons. Charlie finds this upsetting, and wants to find a more peaceful solution to the overpopulation problem. 

With the help of her manager and girlfriend, Vaggie, and their first customer, pornographic film actor Angel Dust, she tries to make her dream come true. Her plan gets the attention of the powerful "Radio Demon", Alastor. He thinks her idea is impossible, but he wants to help Charlie run the hotel because he thinks it's funny. Alastor renames the Happy Hotel the Hazbin Hotel at the end of the pilot.








Pokémon Scarlet and Violet

Pokémon Scarlet and Pokémon Violet are "Pokémon" video games. They are part of the ninth generation of the "Pokémon" game series. They released on the Nintendo Switch on November 18, 2022.

"Pokémon Scarlet" and "Violet" has the same gameplay of other "Pokémon" video games. People can catch creatures called Pokémon. Pokémon can be used in fights. In the games, Pokémon can do some fights without being told what to do. This is called "Let's Go". Pokémon can also be given to other people. There are many new Pokémon in the games.

The games have an open world. There are cities in the open world. There is also wilderness. People can choose three stories to complete in the games. The stories are called "Path of Legends", "Victory Road", and "Starfall Street". People can play in the world and do the stories with up to three other people.

The games take place in the Paldea region. The Paldea region is based off of the Iberian Peninsula, which is made from mostly Spain and Portugal. In the middle of Paldea is a crater. Inside the crater is a place called Area Zero.

In the games, people attend a school called the Naranja or Uva Academy. The school has a "Treasure Hunt". In the Treasure Hunt, people are told to explore the region and find things they treasure. The protagonist has three friends that tell them to do something different. In "Victory Road", they fight eight Pokémon Gyms. Then, they can fight the strongest trainers. If they win, they can become a Champion. Then, they can fight their friend Nemona. In "Starfall Street", they want to stop Team Star. Team Star has caused school bullying. They can win against the Team Star bosses. This makes the bosses leave the group. When they do, their friend Penny says she is the person who made Team Star. She also wants to stop Team Star. But the school director lets Team Star continue. In "Path of Legends", Arven helps them battle Titan Pokémon. The Titan Pokémon guard Herba Mystica. Arven wants the Herba Mystica to heal his pet Pokémon dog. After completing all three stories, the protagonist goes to Area Zero with Arven, Nemona, and Penny. They meet the professor, who says they are an AI substitute for the real professor because the real professor died. The protagonist fights them to break a time machine to the past or future. They win the fight.

Surinam golden-eyed tree frog

The Surinam golden-eyed tree frog, Surinam gold-eyed milk frog, or Surinam casque-headed frog ("Trachycephalus coriaceus") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Bolivia, Peru, Colombia, Ecuador, Suriname, French Guiana, and Guyana. Scientists think it might also live in Colombia. This frog lives in flooded forests. It might also live in forests that are not flooded.

The adult male frog is 5.2 to 6.0 cm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 5.3 to 6.5 cm long. The adult female frog is brown, reddish brown, and gray to tan. Sometimes the frog has patterns on the back. It has black and near-white lines. The webbing between its toes is red. The sides of its upper hind legs are red. The bottoms of its feet are red. The belly and throat are yellow.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It sits and waits for food to wander by and then catches it.

When a human being picks up this frog, it puffs itself up to look larger than it really is. Scientists think the frog does this to make animal that might eat it go away, but they are not sure. The male frogs also puff up when they sing for females.

When it is time for the female frog to lay eggs, the frogs come to permanent or temporary bodies of water. The male frogs puff up all the way and make loud growling sounds. The female frog lays eggs on the surface of the water.

There are fewer frogs than there were because human beings change the places where this frog lives. For example, human beings cut down forests to collect wood. Human beings also catch the frogs to sell to collectors or to sell as pets. The Cashinahua and Achuar people also catch this frog to eat.

A Bag of Marbles

A Bag of Marbles () is a 2017 French Canadian Czech World War II drama movie directed by Christian Duguay and is the second adaption of the 1973 autobiographical novel of the same name by Joseph Joffo. It stars Dorian Le Clech, Batyste Fleurial, Patrick Bruel, Elsa Zylberstein, Bernard Campan, Kev Adams, Christian Clavier.

Song of the Sea (1952 movie)

Song of the Sea () is a 1952 Brazilian drama movie directed by Alberto Cavalcanti and starring Luiz Andrade, Glauce Bandeira, Fernando Becker, Débora Borba, Margarida Cardoso, Ernani Dantas, Alfredo de Oliveria.

Ian Kershaw

Sir Ian Kershaw (born 29 April 1943) is an English historian and one of the most famous experts on Nazi Germany.
Kershaw started his job as a historian studying life in the Middle Ages. In the 1970s he changed to studying Nazi Germany. He worked with Martin Broszat's study on what ordinary Germans in Bavaria thought about Adolf Hitler and the Nazis. He then did studies and books of his own, including "" in 1987. Kershaw is also well-known for writing a biography (life story) of Hitler. This was written as two books, one published in 1998 and another published in 2000.
One of Kershaw's most important ideas is the idea of "working towards the Führer". (Hitler called himself the "Führer", a German word for "leader".) This is his idea about why the Nazi government caused World War II, the Holocaust and other mass killings. Kershaw believes that they cannot simply be blamed on just one person, and it is more important to study the rest of the Nazi government and German society. However, unlike his friend Hans Mommsen, Kershaw does not believe that Hitler was a weak ruler. Instead, he thinks that Hitler was powerful but lazy. He believes that events like the Holocaust happened because Hitler's followers were working towards what they thought Hitler wanted them to do.
Kershaw has also written many other books and worked as an advisor to documentaries. In the 2010s, he also wrote books on the wider history of Europe in the 20th century.

National Union (Portugal)

The National Union () was the only legal party of the Estado Novo regime in Portugal, founded in July 1930 and ruled by António de Oliveira Salazar during most of its time.

Bokermannohyla itapoty

Bokermannohyla itapoty is a frog that lives in northeastern Brazil.

Evens

The Even (Even: эвэн, Russian: эвены) people are a native population of Siberia and the Russian Far East. They are sometimes called Ewens or Lamuts.
Evens are Tungusic people. They speak their own language called Even. The Even language was unwritten until the Russians created a written language for them, using the Cyrillic alphabet. Some Evens also speak Yakut or Sakha, and live in the Sakha Republic. Most Evens live in parts of the Magadan Oblast and Kamchatka Krai. They share many things in common with the Evenki people.

Evens are reindeer herders. They are nomads, which means they move from one place to another.
During the 17th century, Russians made contact with the Even people. They introduced diseases to the Evens, such as smallpox and influenza. Russians also made Evens pay the "yasak", which meant they had to pay taxes to the Russian government with reindeer furs. Because of the new diseases and the reindeer population decreasing, the population of the Even people went down.

Evens' religion is a mixture of shamanism and Russian Orthodoxy. Shamanism is a belief that worships animals and nature. There are shamans, people who communicate with spirits. An Even shaman is called a "haman". Evens believe in different kinds of spirits. One of them is a fire spirit called "togh-muranni", which is very powerful. "Ibdiril" are spirits that help the haman. They can look like different people and animals. 

Reindeer are very important to the Even people. They were traditionally sacrificed and used in special ceremonies. Reindeer were used for transportation, along with dogs. One group of Evens living on the Pacific coast didn't have as many reindeer, and depended on fish instead.

Evens lived in clans. Even people had a custom called "nimat", which meant that all of the fish and animals caught were shared with the whole clan.

There are many kinds of folklore in Even culture. "Nemkan" are about people and animals. "Teleng" are long stories that are sung, often about warriors and heroes. "Ike" are short songs, and "nenuken" are riddles.

Michael Frontzeck

Michael Frontzeck (born 26 March 1964) is a German professional football coach of VfL Wolfsburg and former player who played as a left back. He earned 19 caps for the (West) German national team and was in the squad at Euro 1992.

Borussia M'gladbach

VfB Stuttgart

Germany


Vitalii Skakun

Vitalii Volodymyrovych Skakun (19 August 1996 – 24 February 2022) was a Ukrainian marine combat engineer.

During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, Skakun's was sent to protect the town of Henichesk. As the Russian military got close to the town, Ukrainian forces decided to destroy the Henichesk bridge, in order to slow the Russian troops advancing northward from Crimea. Skakun, a combat engineer, volunteered to place mines on the bridge.

On 24 February 2022, after placing the explosives, Skakun did not have enough time to leave from the bridge and, after texting his soldiers, blew up the mines killing himself and destroying the bridge. His actions slowed the Russian military.

On 26 February 2022, Skakun was posthumously awarded the Order of the Gold Star, the military version of the title of Hero of Ukraine, by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.

Jörg Berger

Jörg Berger (13 October 1944 – 23 June 2010) was a German football manager and player, who managed Arminia Bielefeld as his last club.

As an player, he played for 1.FC Lok Leipzig.

Berger was the father of three children. Berger died on 23 June 2010 of an enteric tumor.


Yadlapati Venkata Rao

Yadlapati Venkata Rao (16 December 1919 – 28 February 2022) was an Indian politician. He was the Minister for Agriculture, Law and Planning in the united Andhra Pradesh from 1978 to 1980. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) in Rajya Sabha representing Andhra Pradesh between 1998 and 2004.

Rao turned turned 100 in December 2019. He died at his daughter's home in Hyderabad, India on 28 February 2022, at the age of 102.

Abuzed Omar Dorda

Abuzed Omar Dorda (; 4 April 1944 – 28 February 2022) was a Libyan politician. He was the General Secretary of the People's Committee (Prime Minister) of Libya from 7 October 1990 to 29 January 1994. He was also Libya's Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 1997 to 2003.

Dorda died in Cairo, Egypt on 28 February 2022, at the age of 77.

Nick Zedd

Nick Zedd (May 8, 1958 – February 27, 2022) was an American filmmaker, author, and painter. He helped create the term Cinema of Transgression in 1985. His best known movie was the 1983 comedy horror "Geek Maggot Bingo".

Zedd died from cirrhosis caused by liver cancer and hepatitis C in Mexico City, Mexico on February 27, 2022, at the age of 63.

Sonny Ramadhin

Sonny Ramadhin (1 May 1929 – 27 February 2022) was a West Indies cricketer. He was the first of many West Indian cricketers of Indian origin. He was one of the five Wisden Cricketers of the Year in 1951. He played for the West Indies cricket team from 1950 until 1960.

Ramadhin died on 27 February 2022, aged 92.

After the series in England in 1951 he was remembered by a calypso where he and fellow spinner Valentine were celebrated.

Marietta Giannakou

Marietta Giannakou (, 6 June 1951 – 27 February 2022) was a Greek politician. She was a member of the New Democracy Party. Giannakou was born in Geraki Lakonias, Greece. From 2004 until 2007, she was the Minister of Education. Giannakou was a Member of the European Parliament from 2009 until 2014.

In January 2022, Giannakou was hospitalized in Athens, Greece after falling from her wheelchair and suffering a subdural hematoma. She died of a heart attack on 27 February 2022, aged 70.

Thomas Gerstner

Thomas Gerstner (born 6 November 1966) is a German football manager and former player. He is the manager of SV Straelen.

Towards the end of his playing career, he was a player-manager for FC Carl Zeiss Jena in the 1998–99 season. After the end of his playing career, he managed SV Straelen from 1 October 2002 to 30 June 2003.

From August 2006 to June 2006, he was with FC Schönberg 95. After the end of his contract in Schönberg, he became the new assistant manager of SK Sturm Graz. On 24 June 2009, he became the manager of Arminia Bielefeld. His contract ran until 30 June 2010, but on 11 March 2010 Arminia Bielefeld officials relieved Gerstner of his duties. The team was then managed by caretakers Frank Eulberg and Jörg Böhme until the end of the season. On 28 February 2011, Gerstner took over Kickers Offenbach, but he was sacked after two months due to lack of success.

In May 2017 he became manager of the North Korea women's national under-20 football team.

In 2018 he became manager of the German Frauen-Bundesliga side MSV Duisburg (women). He managed them until June 2021. In November 2021 he returned as manager of his old club SV Straelen.


Kenneth B. Ellerbe

Kenneth B. Ellerbe (April 10, 1960 – February 27, 2022) was an American firefighter. He was the fire chief of the District of Columbia Fire & EMS Department from January 1, 2011 to July 2, 2014. He was chosen by Mayor Vincent C. Gray in December 2010. From August 2009 to December 2010, Ellerbe was the Sarasota County, Florida fire chief. Ellerbe was born in Washington, D.C..

Ellerbe died on February 27, 2022 at his home in Washington, D.C. at the age of 61.

Veronica Carlson

Veronica Carlson (born Veronica Mary Glazer; 18 September 1944 – 27 February 2022) was a British model, painter and actress. She was born in Yorkshire, England. Carlson was known for her roles in Hammer Horror movies such as "Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed" (1969) and "The Horror of Frankenstein" (1970).

Carlson died on 27 February 2022, aged 77.

Donald Walter Trautman

Donald Walter Trautman (June 24, 1936 – February 26, 2022) was an American Roman Catholic prelate. He was bishop of the Diocese of Erie in Western Pennsylvania from 1990 to 2011. He was an auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Buffalo in Upstate New York from 1985 to 1990. Trautman was born in Buffalo, New York.

Trautman died on February 26, 2022, at the age of 85.

Snootie Wild

LePreston Porter (April 23, 1985 — February 26, 2022), better known by his stage name Snootie Wild, was an American rapper and singer. He was best known for his first single, "Yayo". In September 2014, Wild released his first extended play, "Go Mode". 

On February 25, 2022, Porter was found dead in Houston, Texas with gunshot wounds to his neck. He was hospitalized in critical condition but died the following day at age 36.

Antonio Seguí

Antonio Seguí (; 11 January 1934 – 26 February 2022) was an Argentine cartoonist, painter, engraver, book illustrator, and sculptor. Seguí's work were seen at the MoMA, Buenos Aires Museum of Modern Art, and Centre Georges Pompidou, among others.

He died in Paris on 26 February 2022, at the age of 88.

University of Tours

The University of Tours () formerly François Rabelais University of Tours (), is a public university in Tours, France. Founded in 1969, the university was formerly named after the French writer François Rabelais. It is the largest university in the Centre Loire region. Since July 2015, it is a member of the regional university association Leonardo da Vinci consolidated University.



Academy Honorary Award

The Academy Honorary Award is given every year by the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). 

The award honors motion picture achievements that are not covered by existing Academy Awards, although past winners of competitive Academy Awards are not excluded from receiving the Honorary Award.

National Medal of Arts

The National Medal of Arts is an award and title created by the United States Congress in 1984. It honors artists and patrons of the arts. It is the highest honor given to artists and arts patrons by the United States government. 

Nominations are submitted to the National Council on the Arts. The medal was designed for the NEA by sculptor Robert Graham.

Kenneth Lonergan

Kenneth Lonergan (born October 16, 1962) is an American movie director, playwright, and screenwriter. He is the co-writer of the movie "Gangs of New York" (2002), and wrote and directed "You Can Count On Me" (2000), "Margaret" (2011), and "Manchester by the Sea" (2016).

Lonergan is also known for his work as a playwright. His most known plays include "This Is Our Youth", "Lobby Hero" and "The Waverly Gallery".

Lonergan won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for "Manchester by the Sea", for which he was also nominated for Best Director. He also won the BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay for "Manchester by the Sea".

Lonergan is married to actress J. Smith-Cameron since 2000. They have one daughter, Nellie.

In January 2020, Lonergan was appointed Visiting Fellow and Artist in Residence at Kellogg College of the University of Oxford.

Sargon (chess)

Sargon (also SARGON ) is a chess program. It was created by the American developers Dan and Kathe Spracklen in the late 1970's and 1980's. The program was the benchmark for its power and the comfort of the game at the time. The name comes from Sargon of Akkad (c. 2300 BC), former ruler of Mesopotamia . .

Sargon was inspired by a "BASIC listing" of an unfinished chess program that the Spracklens found around 1977. They decided to create such a program themselves. They chose to make the program in assembly language. This was because it was much more efficient. They also used the 8-bit Z80 microprocessor that the American company Zilog just started selling. The first version was released in 1978. In that same year they won the March 3 - 5 Computer Chess Tournament in San Jose, California "West Coast Computer Faire" .

As a result, other versions were created. Most of the version were numbered with Roman numerals (II, III, IV and V). The exception was Ver. 2.5. The last version (1991) was version V. 



Primary Colors (movie)

Primary Colors is a 1998 American comedy-drama movie directed by Mike Nichols. The screenplay by Elaine May was based of the novel "Primary Colors: A Novel of Politics" about Bill Clinton's first presidential campaign in 1992. The movie starred John Travolta, Emma Thompson, Billy Bob Thornton, Kathy Bates, Maura Tierney, Larry Hagman, and Adrian Lester.

Bates was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance, and May was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.

Heaven Can Wait (1978 movie)

Heaven Can Wait is a 1978 American fantasy comedy movie co-directed by Warren Beatty and Buck Henry. It is about a young man (played by Beatty) being mistakenly taken to heaven by his guardian angel.

The movie was nominated for nine Academy Awards. The cast includes Beatty, Julie Christie, and Jack Warden.

Tai Tak-fung

Stephen Tai Tak-fung GBM JP () is the founder and current board of directors of Sizhou Group (). He is also serving as the Chairman of the Hong Kong Food Investment Holdings Limited ().

Stephen Tai Tak-fung was born and brought up in Puning city, Guangdong Province, China. He started career in snack businesses by founding the company named "Snack Talk". He later establisged Sizhou Group and Gongdelin Vegetarian that fetched him the title "Snack King". After the success of his career, he invested in public welfare causes including education, disasters, and culture. He has held a number of social positions in both mainland China and Hong Kong.

Moss Cass

Moses Henry Cass (18 February 1927 – 26 February 2022) was an Australian doctor and politician. He was Minister for Environment and Conservation (1972–1975), the Environment (1975), and the Media (1975) during the Gough Whitlam government.

He represented the Division of Maribyrnong in the House of Representatives from 1969 to 1983.

Cass died on 26 February 2022 at the age of 95.

Ralph Ahn

Ralph Philander Ahn (September 28, 1926 – February 26, 2022) was an American actor. He was known for his roles in "" (1996), "" (1993), and "Panther" (1995). He also appeared in the sitcom "New Girl" as the silent character Tran.

Ahn died on February 26, 2022 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 95.

Gérard-Joseph Deschamps

Gérard-Joseph Deschamps (4 July 1929 – 25 February 2022) was a Canadian Roman Catholic prelate. Deschamps was born in Eastview, Ontario. He became a priest in 1954. He was Bishop of Daru in Papua New Guinea from 1966 until 1999. He later became bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bereina. He resigned in 2002. 

Deschamps died on 25 February 2022, at the age of 92.

Gary North (economist)

Gary Kilgore North (February 11, 1942 – February 24, 2022) was an American writer and economist. He was part of the Christian reconstructionist movement. He wrote over fifty books about Reformed Protestant theology, economics, and history. 

He was an Associated Scholar of the Mises Institute.

North died under hospice care on February 24, 2022 from prostate cancer in Dallas, Georgia two weeks after his 80th birthday.

Jorge Zabalza

Jorge Pedro Zabalza Waksman (30 November 1943 – 23 February 2022) was a Uruguayan politician and writer. He was a former leader within the political organization Tupamaros. He was president of the "Junta Departamental de Montevideo".

Zabalza died in Montevideo, Uruguay on 23 February 2022 from oesophageal cancer, aged 78.

Niloy Chatterjee

Niloy Chatterjee (also known as Niloy Chakroborty, and by his pen name Niloy Neel), was a Bangladeshi secular blogger and atheist activist. He was a popular blogger in the Bangladeshi atheist blogging community. He was an organizer of the "Science and Rationalist Association Bangladesh", and received his master's degree in Philosophy from Dhaka University in 2013. Niloy was a writer of the "Mukto-Mona", a blogging platform for secularists and freethinkers, and was associated with the "Shahbag Movement."

Chatterjee was killed on 7 August 2015. A group of about six men armed with machetes attacked him at his home in the Goran neighborhood of Dhaka, and hacked him to death. Police told that the attackers had tricked his wife to allow them into Chatterjee's home before killing him. His best friend Sahedul Sahed said that Neel had previously reported to the police that he feared for his life, but no action had been taken. Ansarullah Al Islam Bangladesh, an Al Qaeda group, claimed responsibility for Niloy's killing.
The "United Nations" asked for a quick and fair investigation of the murder saying, "It is vital to ensure the identification of those responsible for this and the previous horrendous crimes, as well as those who may have masterminded the attacks." "Amnesty International" condemned the killing and said that it was the "urgent duty (of the government) to make clear that no more attacks like this will be tolerated". Other entities condemning the killing include the German Government, "Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami", Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina, "Human Rights Watch", the "Communist Party of Bangladesh", "Gonojagoron Moncho", and other political parties of Bangladesh, both rightist and leftist.
Writer Taslima Nasrin criticized the prime minister, Sheikh Hasina, and her government saying, "Sheikh Hasina's government is morally culpable. I am squarely blaming the state for these massacres in installment. Its indifference and so-called inability to rein in the murderous "Ansarullah" brigade is solely predicated on the fear of being labelled atheists."

George Kinley

George Raymond Kinley (June 4, 1937 – February 23, 2022) was an American politician and businessman. He was born in Akron, Ohio. He was in the Iowa Senate from 1973 to 1992, and in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1971 to 1973. Kinley was a member of the Democratic Party. 

Kinley died on February 23, 2022 in Des Moines, Iowa at the age of 84.

Geraldo Sarno

Geraldo Sarno (6 March 1938 – 22 February 2022) was a Brazilian documentarist, screenwriter and movie director. Sarno was born in Poções, Bahia, Brazil. His movie, "Colonel Delmiro Gouveia" (1978), was his best known movie and famous during the Cinema Novo movement.

Sarno died from problems caused by COVID-19 on 22 February 2022 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, at the age of 83.

Germain Marc'hadour

Germain Marc'hadour (16 April 1921 – 22 February 2022) was a French Catholic priest. He was a professor of English at the Université Catholique de l'Ouest in Angers. He was known for his works on the life and work of Saint Sir Thomas More and the founder of the journal "Moreana". Marc'hadour was born in Langonnet, Brittany, France.

Marc'hadour died at the Maison Saint-Joachim in Sainte-Anne-d'Auray, France on 22 February 2022, at the age of 100.

Langonnet

Langonnet () is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.

Sainte-Anne-d'Auray

Sainte-Anne-d'Auray (; ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France. 

2022 Sumatra earthquake

On 25 February 2022, a strong 6.2 earthquake happened in West Sumatra, Indonesia. The earthquake hit at a depth of and had an epicenter in Pasaman. At least 12 people were killed, 388 were injured and four others were missing.

Peter Craig

Peter Craig (born November 10, 1969) is an American novelist and screenwriter.

He is one of two children of Steve Craig and actress Sally Field, since divorced.

As a screenwriter, Craig has written the Warner Bros. movie "The Town" and the 2022 DC Comics movie "The Batman".

Cheng Yu-tung

Cheng Yu-tung GBM (; 8 August 1925 – 29 September 2016) was a billionaire and investor based in Hong Kong. He owned several real estate properties, businesses, hotels, infrastructure, jewellery retailers and transportation services in Hong Kong, Macau, the United States, and Australia.

Cheng is also known for founding the New World Development in 1970 which is a Hong Kong based conglomerate.

Cheng was born and raised in Shunde, Guangdong. He fled to Macau in 1940 during Japanese occupation in China. Later, he started working as an apprentice in Chow Tai Fook store and in time, he married his boss's daughter. In 1946 he moved to Hong Kong and opened the first store of Chow Tai Fook there.

Cheng founded the conglomerate named Chow Tai Fook Enterprises. He also operated the Sheraton Marina hotel. He was once a real-estate investment partner of Donald Trump. He served as the Director of the board of Hang Seng Bank which is the third largest bank in Hong Kong.

Cheng represented the Kingdom of Bhutan in Hong Kong. He served as the honorary consul of it.

He died from a brain hemorrhage on September 26, 2016, in Hong Kong.


2022 Cincinnati Bengals season

The 2022 season is the Cincinnati Bengals' 53rd in the National Football League (NFL), their 55th overall and their fourth under head coach Zac Taylor.

Zac Taylor

Zachary William Taylor (born May 10, 1983) is an American football coach. He is the head coach for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL). He began his NFL career as an offensive helper with the Miami Dolphins. He was the coach for the Los Angeles Rams' quarterbacks when they made a Super Bowl appearance in Super Bowl LIII. Taylor became Cincinnati's head coach in 2019, where he went ge won 6 out of 32 games in his first two years. In 2021, he led the Bengals to their first playoff win since 1990 en route to an appearance in Super Bowl LVI, the franchise's first since 1988.

Jules LeBlanc

Julianna Grace LeBlanc commonly known as Annie LeBlanc is an American actress,singer and Youtuber. She currently plays Lex in the Nickelodeon show Side Hustle.

United Nations Messengers of Peace

United Nations Messengers of Peace is a special title the U.N. gives out to "distinguished individuals, carefully selected from the fields of art, music, literature and sports, who have agreed to help focus worldwide attention on the work of the United Nations.".

The Mountain Goats

The Mountain Goats are an American band formed in Claremont, California. John Darnielle is the founder of the band and the writer, composer, guitarist, pianist, and vocalist. The Mountain Goats are currently based in Durham, North Carolina.

The Mountain Goats started making music in the 1990s, recording songs on cassette tapes. They started to make studio albums with a full band in 2002.

Some of the Mountain Goats' songs are about Darnielle's life. The albums We Shall All Be Healed and The Sunset Tree are about Darnielle's life as a child and a young adult.


Studio albums



Jenna Norodom

Jenna Norodom (born March 11, 2012) also known as Princess Jenna is a member of the Cambodian royal family.

Avani Gregg

Avani Kiana Gregg (born November 23, 2002) is an American social media personality. She is of Guyanese and Kenyan descent. Avani received the Shorty Award for TikToker of the Year in 2019.

Chimi Yangzom Wangchuck

Chimi Yangzom Wangchuck (born January 10,1980) is a princess of Bhutan.

Princess Alexandra of Hanover

Princess Alexandra Charlotte Ulrike Maryam Virginia of Hanover (born 20 July 1999) is the fourth child of Caroline, Princess of Hanover and the third of Ernst August, Prince of Hanover.

Noticiero Univision

Noticiero Univision is the flagship daily evening television news program of Noticias Univision, the news division of the American Spanish language broadcast television network Univision.

Bachhan Paandey

Bachchhan Paandey is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language action comedy movie. It was directed by Farhad Samji . The movie was produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. It stars Akshay Kumar, Kriti Sanon, Jacqueline Fernandez and Arshad Warsi. 

The movie is a remake of the 2014 Tamil movie "Jigarthanda." That movie was based on the 2006 South Korean movie "A Dirty Carnival". "Bachhan Paandey" was released in theaters on 18 March 2022.

Myra Devekar (Kriti Sanon), a budding director is given a task by a producer to come up with a gripping and violent gangster story to produce a film. To satisfy the producer's commercial outlook and her hunger for making a realistic flick, she decides to study the life of a real-life gangster for the script. Her extensive research leads to menacing one-eyed Bachchhan Paandey (Akshay Kumar) of Baghwa, a ruthless gangster surrounded by quirky yet scary henchmen. 

Myra travels to Baghwa where she meets her best friend Vishu (Arshad Warsi) and tells him about her film idea on Bachchhan. Vishu gets furious and asks her to leave but is later persuaded to help her with the film. Both Vishu and Myra start to target Bachchhan's henchmen in an effort to get closer to him. Virgin (Prateik Babbar), one of the goons, tells them about his former girlfriend Sophie (Jacqueline Fernandez), who was killed by the former. Vishu and Myra plant a microphone in Virgin's mobile phone to eavesdrop on his conversations with Bachchhan. 

Later, it is revealed that Virgin was betraying Bachchhan for another criminal Rana Lohia but is caught and killed by him. Vishu and Myra listen to the murder through the microphone, but are caught by Bachchhan's gang. Bachchhan sets out to kill Vishu and Myra, but agrees to spare them when he discovers that Myra is directing a gangster movie, under the condition that he plays the protagonist of the film. Myra initially doesn't accept, but Bachchhan kidnaps her producer, and Myra is forced to listen to his backstory to develop the script. 

In a flashback, Bachchhan works for a corrupt politician Laalji Bhagat (Mohan Agashe). After a fallout, the politician gets Bachchhan's girlfriend Sophie killed. In retaliation, Bachchhan murders Bhagat in the hospital where he was admitted for a wound. 

Bachchhan and his goons don't know how to do acting, so they learn through Bhavesh Bhoplo, an acting coach. Bhavesh hits, threatens, and humiliates Paandey and his henchmen, much to their chagrin. Nevertheless, Myra dissuades them from harming Bhavesh for the sake of the movie. Bachchan and Myra start having feeling for One another and Bachchan starts loving Myra.

The film is eventually completed and released in the theatres. Bachchan and his goons initially get excited and promote the film named "BP," thinking it to be the gritty gangster drama that it was marketed as. To their horror, the film turns out to be a comedy that portrays them negatively. On the other hand, Myra's film is proved to be a blockbuster and gets praise from her media and her director who used to often criticize her a lot. Bachchan and his goons decide to kill her for making his fear in people vanish but later on, refrain from him as Bachchan gets evolved by heart and narrates her story that his ears were ringing to hear from her mother calling him and also his fans get impressed by him. Bachchan, later on, becomes a star, and Kaandi, Bachchhan's close goon, gives up his habit of watching porn films. Vishu gets a lead role in an unnamed film. Bhavesh Bhoplo becomes the best acting teacher and Bachchan gets recognized as a best comedy actor with Myra as best director.


Repdigit

In recreational math, a repdigit or a monodigit is a type of natural number. It is only made of the same repeated digit. The word is a portmanteau of repeated and digit. Examples can be numbers like 11, 666, 4444, and 999999. Repdigits are palindromic numbers (read the same forwards and backwards) and are multiples of repunits (a number that only has 1 in it).

Repdigits are the written in base formula_1 of the number formula_2 where "x" is the digit that is repeated (formula_3 is how many times that number repeats. For example, the repdigit 77777 in base 10 is formula_4.

Brazilian numbers are another way of making repdigits. These are numbers that can be written as a repdigit in any base. A Brazilian Number can't be the repdigit 11 and it can't be a number with only one digit. 27 would be a Brazilian number because 27 is the repdigit 33 in base 8. 9 is not a Brazilian number because its only repdigit is 11. The first twenty Brazilian numbers are

Repdigits were studied since 1974. In , it was originally called "monodigit numbers". Brazilian numbers were created later in 1994 in the 9th Iberoamerican Mathematical Olympiad. It took place in Fortaleza, Brazil. The first problem in this competition, proposed by Mexico, was this: 

"A number is called "Brazilian" if there exists an integer "b" such that for which the representation of "n" in base "b" is written with all equal digits. Prove that 1994 is Brazilian and that 1993 is not Brazilian."


Lady in a Cage

Lady in a Cage is a 1964 American psychological crime thriller movie directed by Walter Grauman and starring Olivia de Havilland, James Caan, Jeff Corey, Jennifer Billingsley, Ann Sothern, Rafael Campos. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Noah's Mausoleum

The Tomb of prophet Noah () or Noah's Mausoleum is a mausoleum in the city of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. Architecture of the construction is dated from the 8th century.


John A. Murphy

John A. Murphy (17 January 1927 – 28 February 2022) was an Irish historian and politician. He was a senator twice from 1977 until 1982 and from 1987 until 1993. He was Emeritus Professor of history at University College Cork (UCC). Murphy was born in Macroom, County Cork, Ireland.

Murphy died on 28 February 2022 in Cork, Ireland at the age of 95.

Uveal melanoma

Uveal melanoma is a cancer (melanoma) of the eye. It affects the iris, ciliary body, or choroid. Tumors come from the pigment cells (melanocytes) that are in the uvea and give color to the eye. 

When eye melanoma is spread to distant parts of the body, the five-year survival rate is about 15%.

Ned Eisenberg

Ned Eisenberg (January 13, 1957 – February 27, 2022) was an American actor. He was known for his role on "" as Roger Kressler. He also appeared in "World Trade Center" and "Million Dollar Baby". Eisenberg was born in New York City. His career began in 1980.

Eisenberg died on February 27, 2022 in New York state from problems caused by uveal melanoma and bile duct cancer, aged 65. 


José Carlos Castanho de Almeida

José Carlos Castando de Almeida (14 June 1930 – 27 February 2022) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1953. He was titular bishop of 'Urusi' and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Santos, Brazil, from 1982 to 1987. He then was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Itumbiara, Brazil, from 1987 to 1994 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Araçatuba, Brazil, from 1994 until his resignation in 2003. 

Castanho de Almeida died on 27 February 2022, at the age of 91.

Jānis Cakuls

Jānis Cakuls (4 July 1926 – 26 February 2022) was a Latvian Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1949. He was titular bishop of "Tinista" and was auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Riga, Latvia, until 1993 when he resigned. 

Cakuls died on 26 February 2022, at the age of 95.

Danny Ongais

Danny Ongais (May 21, 1942 – February 26, 2022) was an American racing driver. Ongais was the only native Hawaiian to compete in the Indianapolis 500. He competed professionally in motorcycle, sports car, CART, IndyCar, Formula One, and drag racing. Ongais was born in Kahului, Hawaii.

Ongais died on February 26, 2022 in Anaheim, California from congestive heart failure at the age of 79.

Kahului, Hawaii

Kahului () is a census-designated place (CDP) in Maui County in the U.S. state of Hawaii. The population was 28,219 at the 2020 census.

Molokini

Molokini is a crescent-shaped, submerged volcanic crater which forms a small islet located in ʻAlalākeiki Channel between the islands of Maui and Kahoolawe in Maui County in Hawaii. 

The islet has an area of . It is at its highest point, and is about west of Makena State Park and south of Maalaea Bay. 

Ivanka Khristova

Ivanka Marinova Hristova (; 19 November 1941 – 24 February 2022) was a Bulgarian shot putter. She won the gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics, and the bronze in 1972. 

Khristova died on 24 February 2022, at the age of 80.

Francisco Dias Alves

Francisco Dias Alves (20 January 1936 – 24 February 2022) was a Brazilian politician. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1982 to 1988. Dias Alves was born in Baturité, Brazil. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of São Paulo from 1978 until 1982.

Dias Alves died in Guarulhos, Brazil on 24 February 2022, at the age of 86.

Baturité

Baturité is a city of Ceará State, Brazil. It is from the state capital Fortaleza. 

Valentin Bakulin

Valentin Ivanovich Bakulin (; 30 January 1945 – 24 February 2022) was a Russian politician. He was a member of the Communist Party of the Russian Federation. He was in the Federation Council from 2001 to 2004. 

Bakulin died in Ivanovo, Russia on 24 February 2022, at the age of 77.

Ivanovo

Ivanovo () is a city in Russia. It is the administrative center and largest city of Ivanovo Oblast, located northeast of Moscow. Ivanovo has a population of 408,330 as of the 2010 Census

Lasse Näsi

Lasse Juhani Näsi (12 October 1930 – 22 February 2022) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Centre Party. He was in the Parliament of Finland from 1991 to 1995. He was also Mayor of Sodankylä from 1968 until 1993. He was born in Karunki, Finland.

Näsi died on 22 February 2022, at the age of 91.

David Boggs

David Reeves Boggs (June 17, 1950 – February 19, 2022) was an American electrical and radio engineer. He was known for creating the early versions of Internet protocols, file servers, gateways and network interface cards. With Robert Metcalfe and others, he co-invented Ethernet.

Boggs died of heart failure at a hospital in Stanford, California on February 19, 2022, at the age of 71.

Robert Metcalfe

Robert Melancton Metcalfe (born April 7, 1946) is an American engineer and businessman. He is important in the Internet's creation starting in 1970. He co-invented Ethernet, co-founded 3Com and formulated Metcalfe's law. He has been Professor of Innovation and Entrepreneurship at The University of Texas at Austin. He is also the Murchison Fellow of Free Enterprise. He was awarded the 2023 Turing Award.

Daisy Edgar-Jones

Daisy Jessica Edgar-Jones (born 24 May 1998) is an English actress. She is best known for her role as Marianne in the miniseries "Normal People" (2020). Her other television work includes "Cold Feet" (2016–2020) and "War of the Worlds" (2019–2021).

Eric Dane

Eric William Dane (born November 9, 1972) is an American actor. He played Jason Dean in "Charmed". He also played Dr. Mark Sloan on the ABC medical drama television series "Grey's Anatomy".

Alexa Demie

Alexa Demie Wilson Vanerstrom (born December 11, 1990) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Maddy Perez in the HBO drama series "Euphoria".

Jaime Ray Newman

Jaime Ray Newman (born April 2, 1978) is an American actress, producer and singer. to parents Marsha Jo and Raphael Newman. She is known for playing Kristina Cassadine in the soap opera "General Hospital". She also played Sarah Lieberman in the Marvel series "The Punisher".

Democratic Party (Indonesia)

The Democratic Party () is a centre to centre-right political party in Indonesia. It was founded on 9 September 2001. Their ideology is based on the Indonesian political idea of Pancasila, who identifies as centrist.

Hitler Nababan

Hitler Nababan (born 1964) is an Indonesian politician from the Democratic Party. He was a member of the Karawang Regional People's Representative Council (the city's legislative body) from 2014 until 2019. He was born in 1964, moved to Karawang in 1994. Before he was a member of parliament, he worked as a moneylender.

Sutan Bhatoegana

Sutan Bhatoegana Siregar (13 September 1957 – 19 November 2016) was an Indonesian politician of the Democratic Party. Sutan was a member of the People's Representative Council from 2009-2014. Sultan was elected in the legislative elections from the first North Sumatra electoral district. He received votes from Medan, Deli Serdang, Serdang Badagai, and Tebing Tinggi by the Democratic Party. Sutan was one of the founders of the Democratic Party.

Melani Leimena Suharli

Melani Leimena Suharli (born 27 January 1951) is an Indonesian politician from the Democratic Party who has been a member of the People's Representative Council since 2009. Between 2009 and 2014, she was the deputy speaker of the People's Consultative Assembly.

Kabbe North

Kabbe North is an electoral constituency of the Zambezi Region of Namibia. In 2020, the constituency had 3,916 registered voters.

The 2015 regional election was won by Peter Mwala of the SWAPO Party with 1,487 votes, followed by Calvin Ngandi Ngandi of the Rally for Democracy and Progress with 63 votes. The 2020 regional election was won by SWAPO candidate Bernard Kamwi Sisamu, who obtained 1,116 votes, followed by Joseph Likando Matali from the Independent Patriots for Change with 292 votes, and Cooks Mukuwa Muyoba from the Popular Democratic Movement with 136 votes.

Bokermannohyla capra

Bokermannohyla capra is a frog that lives in Atlantic forests in Bahia, Brazil.

Ewald Lienen

Ewald Lienen (born 28 November 1953) is a German football manager and former player. He is the current technical director of FC St. Pauli.

University of Lille

The University of Lille is a public, multidisciplinary university located in and around Lille, Hauts-de-France.

With over 74,000 students, it is one of the largest French universities and one of the largest French-speaking universities in the world.

With 66 research laboratories, 350 doctoral theses per year and 3000 scientific publications per year, the institution is well represented in the scientific community.


Rosalie

Rosalie is a 1937 American musical movie. It was directed by W.S. Van Dyke. The movie stars Eleanor Powell, Nelson Eddy and Frank Morgan. It is an adaptation of the 1928 stage musical of the same name, The movue was released in December 1937. It follows the story of the musical but replaces most of the Broadway score with new songs by Cole Porter. The story is about the romantic entanglements of a princess in disguise and a West Point cadet.

Rufoclanis fulgurans

Rufoclanis fulgurans is a moth in the family of Sphingidae. It is usually from Zimbabwe to Tanzania and eastern Kenya.

Its wings are usually 22–32mm for males. They are up to 40mm for females. Its colour is a pale pinkish brown. It more or less runs parallel to the termen.

Rufoclanis

Rufoclanis is a genus of moths. It is in family Sphingidae. The genus was made by Robert Herbert Carcasson in 1968.


Markus von Ahlen

Markus von Ahlen (born 1 January 1971) is a German football manager and a former player. He is currently the manager of SC Fortuna Köln.

Bayer Leverkusen

Stefan Krämer

Stefan Jürgen Krämer (born 23 March 1967) is a German professional football manager.

He was appointed as the head coach of Rot-Weiß Erfurt on 30 December 2015. On 2 October 2017, he was sacked.

In March 2018 he replaced Michael Wiesinger as manager of KFC Uerdingen. He was sacked on 28 January 2019.

He joined 1. FC Magdeburg for the 2019–20 season. He was sacked on 22 December 2019.

He returned to Uerdingen on 10 March 2020. On 13 April 2021, he was sacked.

In early June 2021, Krämer became the new head coach of Eupen. He was sacked on 16 February 2022 after a string of poor results.

Line 2 Bloor–Danforth

Line 2 Bloor–Danforth is a subway line in the Toronto subway system, operated by the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC). It has 31 stations and is in length. It opened on February 26, 1966, and extensions at both ends were completed in 1968 and again in 1980.

Chantal Haenen

Chantal Haenen (born 22 April 1997) is a Dutch para cyclist. She competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Before being impaired Haenen was involved in dressage. When she was 18 years old she was involved in a traffic accident that resulted in amputation of her legs. 

She started with para cycling in 2017. She won two bronze medals at the 2019 UCI Para-cycling Road World Championships and became twice World Champion at the 2021 UCI Para-cycling Road World Championships. 

Margret IJdema

Margret IJdema (born 7 February 1976) is a Dutch paratriathlete. She represents the Netherlands at international competitions. She competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and at the World Championships in 2017, 2018 and 2019.
Before being impared IJdema was a professional racehorse trainer. Due to a horse riding accident in 2000, IJdema has a paraplegia. 

She learned about paratriatholon during her rehabilitation. She started with the sport seriously in 2016. She was Dutch Paratriathlete champion three times. She won the silver medal at the 2018 and 2018 European Championships. 

Nilla Pizzi

Nilla Pizzi with stage name of Adionilla Pizzi (16 April 1919 – 12 March 2011), was an Italian singer and actress.

Rufoclanis erlangeri

Rufoclanis erlangeri are a type of moth. They are from the family of Sphingidae. It is from Somalia, Ethiopia and Kenya.

"Rufoclanis erlangeris" are a lot like "Rufoclanis numosae. Rufoclanis erlangeri", however, are smaller and greyer.

Vila Real District

The District of Vila Real ( ) is a district of northern Portugal. It has an area of . The district is located east of Porto and north of the Douro River. It is bordering Galicia in the north and east, Braga District and Porto District in the west, Viseu District in the south and Bragança District in the east.

The district has 14 municipalities:

Districts of Portugal

The Districts of Portugal () are administrative regions of Portugal. It is divided into 18 districts.

Each district has their own civil governor, who is part of the Central Government of Portugal.

Eurocrem

Eurocrem (a shorthand for Eurocrem Takovo) is a brown and white hazelnut- and cocoa-flavored sweet milk chocolate spread. It is made by a Swisslion Group factory in Gornji Milanovac, Serbia.

John Britton

John Henry Britton (1923 London – 5 June 2004) was a English and Kenyan Paralympic swimmer. He later moved to the United States and worked as a teacher. 

Britton became paralyzed in 1966. It was caused by a fall at his home. He represented Great Britain at the 1968 Summer Paralympics where he had won a gold medal in freestyle swimming. 

After the Paralympics, he moved to Kenya. He represented Kenya at the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg, Germany. He won a gold medal. Britton was aslo the Kenyan coach in Heidelberg. While living in Kenya, he worked to create a 40-bed hospital in the country for paraplegics.[5][6] 

Following the 1972 Games, Britton moved to the United States and took a teaching position at Northern Illinois University. He continued to live in the United States until his death in 2004 in Florida.

Rufoclanis numosae

Rufoclanis numosae, the wavy polyptychus, is a type of moth. They are part of the family of Sphingidae. The species was first described by Hans Daniel Johan Wallengren in 1860. They are found in savanna in of eastern and southern Africa.

Its forewings are 22–30mm for males. The forewings are 34–36 mm for females. Their the wingspan is from 54–58mm. The wings are greyish pinkish brown to light brown.


Battle of Uclés (1108)

The Battle of Uclés was on 29 May 1108. It was during the Reconquista period near the city of Uclés, south of the river of Tagus. It was fought between the Christians of Castile and León. They were commanded under Alfonso VI. The other side was the Muslim Almoravids. They were under the command of Tamim ibn-Yusuf. The battle ended very badly for the Christians.


Anne Dorthe Ysland

Anne Dorthe Ysland (born 9 April 2002) is a Norwegian cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's road race event.

She rode in 2021 with Team Coop-Hitec Products. In 2022, she rode with Uno-X Women Pro Cycling Team.

Rebecca Koerner

Rebecca Koerner (born 22 September 2000) is a Danish road racing cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's road race event and women's time trial event. 

She signed a contract with Uno-X Pro Cycling Team for 2022 and 2023.

Yanina Kuskova

Yanina Kuskova (born 11 December 2001) is an Uzbekistani road racing cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's time trial event and women's road race event. 

She became national champion in 2020 and 2021 in both the road race and time trial events.

She rides with Tashkent City Women Professional Cycling Team.

Frances Janse van Rensburg

Frances Janse van Rensburg (born 10 January 2001) is a South African road racing cyclist.

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's time trial event and women's road race event.

She won multiple medals at the African Cycling Championships. She races with Stade Rochelais Charente-Maritime.

Hayley Preen

Hayley Preen  (born 28 May 1998) is a South African road racing cyclist, equestrian and trail runner. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's time trial event and women's road race event. 

She won multiple medals at the African Cycling Championships. She became South African National Road Race Champion in 2021.

Luciana Roland

Luciana Roland (born 8 January 1995) is an Argentine road racing cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's time trial event and women's road race event.

She rode with Burgos Alimenta Women Cycling Sport, and WCC team.

Adyam Tesfalem

Adyam Tesfalem (born 17 January 1997) is an Eritrean road racing cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's time trial event and women's road race event.

After winning the silver medal in 2019, she became 2021 Eritrean National Time Trial Champion.

Diane Ingabire

Diane Ingabire (born 17 July 2001) is a Rwandan road racing cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's trial event. 

She won multiple medals at the African Cycling Championships in 2021.

Asma Jan

Asma Jan (born 7 January 1976) is a Pakistani road racing cyclist.

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's time trial event. With Kanza Malik, they were the first Pakistani women to race internationally.

Kanza Malik

Kanza Malik (born 12 December 1986) is a Pakistani road racing cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's time trial event. Together with Asma Jan, they were the first Pakistani women to race internationally.

Rufoclanis jansei

Rufoclanis jansei is a species of moth. It is from the family of Sphingidae. It is from South Africa, Zimbabwe and Tanzania.

Rufoclanis maccleeryi

Rufoclanis maccleeryi is a species of moth. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It is from Tanzania and Kenya.

Its forewings are is 32 mm. It is a light pinkish cinnamon color. It is sprinkled with brown scales and darker beyond the medial line.

Anthony Madut

Anthony Bol Madut (1 January 1941 – 25 August 2019) was a South Sudanese politician who was the governor of Warrap State and  later Tonj State. Madut joined Sudan People’s Liberation Army (SPLA) (since renamed Sudan People’s movement, SPLM) in 1983. 

Madut was a founding member of SPLA and was noted for leading a large number of fighters during the formation of the SPLM/SPLA in 1983. He led the recruits from Bahr el-Ghazal region to the Bilpam and Tonga training camps. He became the Commander of Boma battalion along with Ngachigak Nyachilluk and led assault on the position of the Sudanese army.

After the signing of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the independence of South Sudan, General Madut became the governor of the former Warrap State and later Tonj State.

He rose to the rank of general, before being appointed Tonji State governor by President Salva Kiir. He was fired from the position in January 2019, and replaced with Mathew Mathiang Magordit. Madut was Security Adviser to National Minister of Interior before he was appointed governor.  

He died in 2019.

Rufoclanis rosea

Rufoclanis rosea is a species of moth. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It was described by Herbert Druce in 1882. It lives in forests in Burkina Faso, Ghana, Cameroon, Gabon, the Central African Republic, Tanzania and Uganda.

"Rufoclanis rosea"'s forewings are 30–32 mm for males. Females are larger. Its forewings are a very pale olive brown.

Smerinthini

Smerinthini is a tribe of moths. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It was erected by Augustus Radcliffe Grote and Herbert C. Robinson in 1865.


Acanthosphinx

Acanthosphinx is a monotypic(meaning it only has one subclass) genus of moth. It is in the family Sphingidae. It was erected by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1891. 

It has one species, which is Acanthosphinx guessfeldti, the widow sphinx. It was described by Hermann Dewitz in 1879. It is seen in forests in Sierra Leone to the Congo, Angola, Zambia, Malawi, Tanzania and Uganda.

Each forewing is 57–70 mm in length.

The larvae eat "Bridelia micrantha".

Nancy Achin Sullivan

Nancy Elaine Achin Sullivan (January 20, 1959 – February 25, 2022) was an American Republican politician. She represented the 1st Middlesex district in the Massachusetts Senate from 1991 to 1993. Sullivan was born in Lowell, Massachusetts.

She retired after a single term in 1993 because she was having chemotherapy to treat breast cancer. Sullivan died on February 25, 2022 in Andover, Massachusetts at the age of 63.

Andover, Massachusetts

Andover is a town in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 36,569. It is located 20 miles north of Boston.

Itelmens

The Itelmens (Itelmen: Итәнмән, Russian: Ительмены) are a native population of the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia. Itelmen call themselves "itenme'n-itelmen", which means "an inhabitant of dry land", or "a human being." They are also called Kamchadal. They are related to the Chukchi and Koryak peoples.

Itelmen spoke the Itelmen language. It is a Chukotsko-Kamchatsky language. As of 2016, there are only about 5 native speakers of the language alive, and it is an endangered language. Most Itelmen now speak Russian. There have been efforts to bring the language back since the 1980s.

Kamchadal is the general term for the native peoples of Kamchatka Krai. This includes the Itelmen. Itelmen were called Kamchadals by Russian settlers until 1927. They were fishermen and fur hunters. They were also herbalists, which means they used plants like herbs as medicine.

Itelmens were being converted to Christians as early as the 1730s.

The population of the native peoples of Kamchatka declined from 1769-1770. There were hundreds of Itelmen settlements in the 18th century, but there were only seven Itelmen-speaking villages by the 20th century. Russian became the main language, and Russians spread diseases to the Itelmen, like smallpox. They also suffered from famine.

Kamchadal people suffered from Russian rule. Cossacks kept Itelmen as slaves. Some Itelmen who fought against the Russians were deported, or had their tribes separated.



Afroclanis

Afroclanis is a genus of moths. It is in the family of Sphingidae. The genus was created by Robert Herbert Carcasson in 1968.


Afrosataspes

Afrosataspes is a genus of moths. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It has only one species, "Afrosataspes galleyi." It is from the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

It is a mimic of the "Xylocopa" carpenter bees. The adults are black and the antennae are short.

Afroclanis calcareus

Afroclanis calcareus is a species of moth. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It can be seen in South Africa, Zimbabwe and Mozambique to Malawi, Zambia, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Tanzania.

Its forewings is 29–32 mm for males and 34–36 mm for females. Its wingspan is 68–76 mm.

Afroclanis neavi

Afroclanis neavi is a species of moth. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It can be seen in savanna and woodlands in Zimbabwe, Zambia and Tanzania.

Its forewings are 24–28 mm for males. For females, they are 28–30 mm. The forewings are brownish purple and have a dark triangle at the top.

Sea devil

Sea devil or Sea Devil may refer to:





World Athletics

World Athletics (name since October 2019, formerly known as the International Amateur Athletic Federation (from 1912 to 2001) and International Association of Athletics Federations (from 2001 to 2019), both abbreviated as the IAAF) is the international sports governing body for athletics. They focus on track and field, cross country running, road running, racewalking, mountain running, and ultra running. They are in charge of making and forcing the rules and regulations of these sports.

The organisation's president is Sebastian Coe of the United Kingdom, who was elected in 2015 and re-elected in 2019.

Apruebo Dignidad

Apruebo Dignidad (; in English, "Approve Dignity", AD) is a left-wing to far-left Chilean electoral coalition. It was created on 11 January 2021, by the Equality Party, Broad Front and Chile Digno. It was created for the Constitutional Convention election.

Autonomous Left

The Autonomous Left was a Chilean political movement. It was a founding member of the Broad Front on 21 January 2017. One year later, the movement became part of the party Commons.

Autonomist Movement

The Autonomist Movement was a Chilean political movement. It was a founding member of the Broad Front on 21 January 2017. One year later, the movement became part of the party Social Convergence alongside Libertarian Left, Socialism and Liberty and New Democracy.

Humanist Party (Chile)

The Humanist Party () is a humanist, progressive, and left-wing political party in Chile. It was founded in 1984. The party is a member of the Humanist International.

At the 2001 legislative elections, the party won 1.1% of the vote but no seats.

On 12 March 2013 they selected economist and university professor Marcel Claude as their candidate for the 2013 presidential election.

Since 2017, the Humanist Party is part of the Broad Front.

Social Convergence

The Social Convergence (, CS) is a left-wing political party in Chile. It is led by Gabriel Boric.

It was founded in 2018 by the Autonomist Movement (MA), Libertarian Left (IL), Socialism and Freedom (SOL) and New Democracy (ND). It is part of the leftist coalition Broad Front. In mid-2019, members of the movement began their process to register as a legally constituted political party. 

Brainerd, Minnesota

Brainerd is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States. Its population was 14,395 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Crow Wing County, and is one of northern Minnesota's largest cities. The city is famous for the 1996 movie "Fargo" being partly set there.

List of minor planets: 1–1000


List of minor planets

This is a list of minor planets in number This list doesn't include comets. This list does, however, include minor planets that are small bodies in the Solar System. There are asteroids, distant objects and dwarf planets that are included. Each catalog has 1000 minor planets. Every year, the Minor Planet Center publishes thousands of new numbered planets"(see index)". , there are 612,011 minor planets.

The example above shows five catalog entries from . These five asteroids were discovered at Palomar Observatory by the Palomar–Leiden survey.) 189004 Capys, discovered on 16 October 1977, is the only named minor planet. Its background color says that it is a Jupiter trojan. It is estimated to be about 12 kilometers in diameter.

Each table stands for 100,000 minor planets. Each cell is a list 1,000 of the minor planets.







Lake Crystal, Minnesota

Lake Crystal is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States. It was created in 1869. The population was 2,539 at the 2020 census.

List of minor planets: 1001–2000


List of minor planets: 2001–3000


List of minor planets: 3001–4000


List of minor planets: 4001–5000


List of minor planets: 5001–6000


List of minor planets: 6001–7000


List of minor planets: 7001–8000


List of minor planets: 8001–9000


List of minor planets: 9001–10000


Vila Real

Vila Real () is the capital of the Vila Real District. It is also largest city in the district. The city is in the North region of Portugal. The Vila Real has an area of . In 2021, 49,571 people lived there.

Mikhail Shishkin (writer)

Mikhail Shishkin (born 1961) is Russian writer. He won the Russian Booker Prize (2000), the Russian National Bestseller (2005), and Big Book Prize (2010). His books have been translated into 30 languages. He also writes in German.

Early life: Shishkin was born on 18 January 1961 in Moscow to Irina Georgievna Shishkina, a Russian literature teacher, and Pavel Mikhailovich Shishkin, an engineer constructor.

He was a student of English and German; He worked as teacher (of foreign languages) in Moskva; He moved to Switzerland in 1995.

He writes novels. He also writes in German


Bokermannohyla juiju

Bokermannohyla juiju is a frog that lives in Bahia, Brazil.

This frog has a thinner body than other frogs in "Bokermannohyla". It has a mental gland.

Miguel Albuquerque

Miguel Filipe Machado de Albuquerque (born 4 May 1961) is a Portuguese politician of the Social Democratic Party (PSD) and the current President of Madeira. He became the leader of PSD in Madeira on 10 January 2015. He is a former mayor of Funchal, Madeira. Albuquerque said he likes gardening, growing many types of roses in his rose garden.

Norbert Meier

Norbert Meier (born 20 September 1958) is a German former football player, who played as a midfielder, and manager, who last managed KFC Uerdingen.

Meier's career as a player was spent mostly at SV Werder Bremen where he played first team football from 1980–1990. During this time he also made 16 appearances for West Germany in midfield scoring twice.

Meier ended his career at Borussia Mönchengladbach, where he played two and a half years.

Meier started his coaching career by taking over the reserve side of Borussia Mönchengladbach on 1 July 1996. Meier coached them until 30 November 1997. Meier coached the senior squad between 1 December 1997 and 1 April 1998. Meier rejoined the reserve team on 1 July 1998.

Meier officially took over for MSV Duisburg on 1 January 2003.

Dynamo Dresden hired Meier as the new manager on 10 September 2006. Meier was sacked on 24 September 2007.

Fortuna Düsseldorf hired Meier on 1 January 2008. Meier was sacked after being relegated after the 2012–13 season.

Meier took over Arminia Bielefeld on 24 February 2014.

He was hired as the new head coach of Darmstadt 98 on 10 June 2016. On 5 December 2016, he was sacked.

On 3 January 2017, Meier was hired as manager of 1. FC Kaiserslautern. He signed a contract until June 2018. Meier was sacked on 20 September 2017.

Meier took over KFC Uerdingen on 3 February 2019. He was sacked on 15 March 2019.

Werder Bremen

Borussia Mönchengladbach

Individual


Rüdiger Rehm

Rüdiger Rehm (born 22 November 1978) is a German former footballer. He is currently manager of FC Ingolstadt.

List of minor planets: 10001–11000


List of minor planets: 11001–12000


Carsten Rump

Carsten Rump (born 31 March 1981) is a German former professional footballer and manager. In his playing career, he played as a defender for Arminia Bielefeld and VfB Lübeck.

Jürgen Kramny

Jürgen Kramny (born 18 October 1971) is a German football coach and a former player who last managed Arminia Bielefeld. He spent five seasons in the Bundesliga as a player with VfB Stuttgart, 1. FC Nürnberg and Mainz 05.

In July 2010, Kramny became manager of the under-19 team of VfB Stuttgart. From 13 October 2010 to 12 December 2010 he worked with the new head coach of the first team Jens Keller as assistant coach. After the sacking of Keller, Kramny returned as head coach to the under-19 team of VfB Stuttgart.

On 17 May 2011, Kramny was hired as head coach of VfB Stuttgart II In his first season, the team finished in 11th place. The following season, the reserve team finished in 14th place. In the 2013–14 season, the team finished in 15th place. In the 2014–15 season, Stuttgart II finished in 13th place. He finished with a record of 52 wins, 46 draws, and 71 losses. During the 2015–16 season, Kramny was hired as the interim head coach of the first team on 24 November 2015. His final match was a 3–1 loss to Holstein Kiel on 20 November 2015. Stuttgart II was in 18th place and fighting relegation when he took over the first team.

Kramny was hired as the interim head coach on 24 November 2015. His first match in–charge finished in a 4–1 loss to Borussia Dortmund. On 20 December 2015, Kramny was named as permanent head coach of VfB Stuttgart. The permanent job came the day after a 3–1 win against VfL Wolfsburg. Stuttgart were relegated after losing 3–1 to Wolfsburg on 14 May 2016. Kramny was dismissed from the first team on 15 May 2016. He finished with a record of seven wins, five draws, and 11 losses. In June 2016 VfB Stuttgart announced that Kramny also does not return to the second team and won't work for VfB Stuttgart anymore.

He was hired as the head coach of Arminia Bielefeld on 15 November 2016. On 14 March 2017, he was sacked.


Jeff Saibene

Jeff Saibene (born 13 September 1968) is a Luxembourgian former professional footballer.

Saibene is a citizen of both Luxembourg and Switzerland and married with a Swiss wife. He is a fan of Hamburger SV.

Saibene was the manager of FC Aarau, in Switzerland and assistant to Allan Simonsen at the national team. He was formerly the assistant manager to Ryszard Komornicki at Aarau but was promoted in June 2009 when Komornicki left the club. He then managed Luxembourg U-21. He left his position in March 2011 to coach FC St. Gallen.

On 19 March 2017, he was hired as the new head coach of Arminia Bielefeld. He was sacked on 10 December 2018.

He was hired as the new head coach of FC Ingolstadt for the 2019–20 season. He was sacked on 9 March 2020.

On 2 October 2020, he was hired as head coach of 1. FC Kaiserslautern. He was sacked on 30 January 2021.

In June 2021, he was hired as head coach of Racing FC Union Luxembourg.

Union Luxembourg

FC Aarau

St. Gallen

Racing Union


Uwe Neuhaus

Uwe Neuhaus (born 26 November 1959) is a German retired football player and manager who last managed Arminia Bielefeld.

Neuhaus was head coach of Wattenscheid 09 II from November 1995 to June 1996 and VfB Hüls from October 1997 to June 1998. Neuhaus had a spell as assistant coach at Borussia Dortmund from July 1998 until he became head coach of Borussia Dortmund II in June 2004. He was there until he became head coach of Rot-Weiss Essen in April 2005. Rot-Weiss Essen sacked Neuhaus in November 2006.

Neuhaus was head coach of Union Berlin between 1 July 2007 and 30 June 2014.

On 10 April 2015 he was hired as the new head coach of Dynamo Dresden. He was sacked on 22 August 2018.

On 10 December 2018, Neuhaus was hired as the new head coach of Arminia Bielefeld. He was sacked on 1 March 2021.

Manager


Individual


Yevhen Malyshev

Yevhen Valentinovich Malyshev (10 March 2002 – 1 March 2022) was a Ukrainian biathlete and soldier. He was born in Kharkiv, Ukraine. He participated in the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics in Lausanne, Switzerland.

Malyshev died on 1 March 2022 during the Battle of Kharkiv, defending his hometown during the Russian invasion of Ukraine, aged 19.

List of minor planets: 12001–13000


List of minor planets: 13001–14000


List of minor planets: 14001–15000


Shirley Hughes

Winifred Shirley Hughes, (16 July 1927 – 25 February 2022) was an English author and illustrator. She wrote more than fifty books, which have sold more than 11.5 million copies.

Hughes died on 25 February 2022 in London, aged 94.

The Theory of Moral Sentiments

The Theory of Moral Sentiments is a 1759 book by Adam Smith. It is the ethical, philosophical, psychological, and methodological ideas of Smith's works, including "The Wealth of Nations" (1776), "Essays on Philosophical Subjects" (1795), and "Lectures on Justice, Police, Revenue, and Arms" (1763) (first published in 1896).

Avenida da Liberdade

Avenida da Liberdade (Portuguese for ""Avenue of Liberty"") is a boulevard in the central part of Lisbon, Portugal, it is famous for being one of the most expensive shopping streets in Europe. It started as the "Passeio Público", an 18th-century park built for Portuguese noblemen, the avenue was built in 1879. It has since become one of the most important locations in Portugal and one of Europe's most popular luxury shopping destinations. It has multiple luxury stores, boutiques, and hotels. The Avenida also has multiple embassies and diplomatic missions from other countries.


Okhtyrka

Okhtyrka (; also known by its Russian name Akhtyrka ) is a small city in Sumy Oblast in Ukraine. Okhtyrka is the administrative center of Okhtyrka Raion.

Clashes have been ongoing in Okhtyrka between the Ukrainian Armed Forces and the invading Russian Armed Forces in the city since 24 February, 2022. On February 28, Russian forces used a vacuum bomb on the city.

Magomed Tushayev

Magomed Tushayev (February 23, 1986 – February 26, 2022) was a General and advisor to the Head of the Chechen Republic. He was the commander of the 141 Motorized Regiment of the Chechnya National Guard.

Tushayev was part of a group who terrorized the LGBTQ community in Chechnya. This included kidnapping and torturing dozens of men who were suspected to be gay. This has been called Chechnya's "anti-gay purge".

He was killed by soldiers of the National Guard of Ukraine. This was during Russia's invasion of Ukraine. His death was confirmed by the Ukrainian news agency and the office of the Ukrainian President.

Battle of Okhtyrka

The Battle of Okhtyrka was a military engagement, which began on 24 February 2022, during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, as part of the Eastern Ukraine offensive, in the city of Okhtyrka. It is located near the Russia-Ukraine border. 

The Russian offensive has been criticized for civilian casualties and the use of cluster bombs and thermobaric weapons which may count as war crimes.

Being unable to take the city, Russian forces pushed back and ended the battle on March 26.

Thermobaric weapon

A thermobaric weapon, aerosol bomb, fuel air explosive, or vacuum bomb is a type of explosive that uses oxygen from the surrounding air to create a high-temperature explosion.

This can be launched as a rocket or dropped from an airplane as a bomb.

In 2000, Human Rights Watch quoted United States authorities, on how the blast's "kill mechanism against living [things or] targets is unique—and unpleasant... What kills is the pressure wave, and more importantly, the subsequent [vacuum or] rarefaction, which ruptures the lungs... If the fuel [burns or] deflagrates but does not [... explode], victims will be severely burned and will probably also [... breathe] the burning fuel. [... The] most common FAE fuels [or fuel-air explosion fuels], ethylene oxide and propylene oxide, are highly toxic"; Breathing unexploded FAE adds to the risk of (related) death.


Alan Anderson (footballer)

Arthur Alan Duncan Anderson (21 December 1939 – February 2022) was a Scottish professional footballer. He played as a centre half for Alloa Athletic, Falkirk, Millwall, Scunthorpe United and Hearts. Anderson made five appearances for the national team in 1967. He was born in Edinburgh, Scotland.

Anderson died in February 2022 at the age of 82.

Jean-Pierre Pernaut

Jean-Pierre Pernaut ( ; 8 April 1950 – 2 March 2022) was a French news reader and broadcaster. He was widely known simply by his initials, JPP. He was born in Amiens, France. He was a regular presenter of station TF1's lunchtime news bulletin, the "13 Heures" between 1988 and 2020.

Pernaut died from lung cancer in Paris on 2 March 2022, at the age of 71.

Lioz

Lioz (), also known as Royal Stone ("pedra real"), is a type of limestone, which came from Portugal . It is used as an ornamental stone, it can be found in palaces, cathedrals, and important civic buildings throughout Portugal and the former Portuguese Empire. Lioz was designated a Global Heritage Stone Resource.

Floriana Lima

Floriana Lima (born March 26, 1981) is an American actress and model. She played Maggie Sawyer on The CW's "Supergirl". She began playing recurring character Darcy Cooper in season 2 of the ABC drama "A Million Little Things".

In 2018, Lima played Krista Dumont in the second season of Netflix's "The Punisher".

.swiss

.swiss is a top-level domain (TLD) for Switzerland. It was approved by ICANN as a TLD on 16 Oct 2014. This is meant to replace the traditional .ch TLD.

Alan Ladd Jr.

Alan Walbridge Ladd Jr. (October 22, 1937 – March 2, 2022) was an American movie industry executive and producer. He was president of 20th Century Fox from 1976 to 1979. He helped produce "Star Wars". He later created The Ladd Company and headed MGM/UA. Ladd won an Academy Award for Best Picture in 1995 for producing "Braveheart". Ladd Jr. was born in Los Angeles, California. His father was actor Alan Ladd.

Ladd Jr. died on March 2, 2022 in Los Angeles, aged 84.

Amber Skyrpan

Amber Skyrpan (born 26 April 1992) is a Canadian sitting volleyball player. She is a member of the Canada women's national sitting volleyball team playing as an attacker. 

With the national team she won the bronze medal at the 2015 Parapan American Games, and 2019 Parapan American Games. She competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics, and 2020 Summer Paralympics.

She graduated from Macewan University.

No Way Jose (wrestler)

Levis Valenzuela Jr. (born May 30, 1988) is an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his time with WWE under the ring name No Way Jose.


Dennis Post

Dennis Post (born 1946 or 1947) is a Dutch Paralympic table tennis player from Rotterdam.

Post competed in the A1 table tennis disability class. At the 1965 national championships he finished third. After becoming several times national champion, he was selected to compete at the 1968 Summer Paralympics, where he won a gold and a silver medal. In the Singles A1 event he won the gold medal, and with female Aria Noordam he won the silver medal in the Doubles A1 event.

Shweta Bhattacharya

Shweta Bhattacharya (born 21 September 1992) is an Indian television actress. She has acted in television programs such as Jamuna Dhaki, Sindoorkhela, Joy Kanhaiya Lal Ki and Tumi Robe Nirobe. 



Megan Hollander

Megan Hollander is a Dutch Paralympic Badminton player.

She competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics. and Dubai Para Badminton International 2021, winning a gold medal.

Payden Vair

Payden Vair (born Payden Olsen; 29 September 1998) is a Canadian sitting volleyball player. She plays at the attacker position. She is a member of the Canada women's national sitting volleyball team. She competed at the 2019 Parapan American Games, and 2020 Summer Paralympics. Before Vair was impaired, she played football with the Lethbridge College in Alberta and became "2018 Rookie of the Year". Vair was involved in a lawnmower accident at her parents' house in Cardston in 2018. Because of the remote location, the paramedics arrived almost an hour later. Her right leg had to be amputated below the knee and she underwent reconstruction on her left heel. Vair started with wheelchair basketball in 2019 and made her debut for the national team in 2019.

Piet Makkes

Piet Makkes is a Dutch Paralympic swimmer from Den Hoorn. He represented the Netherlands at international competitions. 

He won three gold medals at the 1968 Summer Paralympics. He won the gold medal in the 3x 50 m Medley Relay open event together with Cees Broekman (breaststroke) and John van der Starre (backstroke). Van der Starre swam in the relay the 50 m freestyle. He won individually gold medals in the 50 m Freestyle special class event and 50 m Backstroke special class event.

He was honored with medalists of the 1968 Paralympics, by minister Klompé in The Hague.


Cees Broekman

Cees Broekman is a Dutch Paralympic swimmer from Ameide. He represented the Netherlands at international competitions.

He won the gold medal at the 1968 Summer Paralympics in Tel Aviv in the 3x 50 m Medley Relay open event together with John van der Starre (backstroke) and Piet Makkes (freestyle). Broekman swam in the relay the 50 m breaststroke. Individually he finished in the 50 m Breaststroke Special class event fourth; in the 50 m Backstroke Special class event fifth and also competed in the 50 m Freestyle Special class event.

Broekman was secretary of the Historical Society of Ameide and Tienhoven.

Bactericide

A bactericide or bacteriocide are chemicals that kills bactiera in a lot of things such as plants and so on. Bactericides are disinfectants, antiseptics, or antibiotics. Commonly used by stores.

Larvicide

A Larvicide is a type of insecticide ment to keep away larvae. Most of the time, it is either a poison, or a biological agent. An example of a biological agent is Bacillus thuringiensis, which spreads a disease, and is used against certain caterpillars." 
Larvicides are used by farmers and others.

Interstate 610

Interstate 610 may refer to:

Karaoke

Karaoke is music-only (no singing) performance. It originated in Okayama Prefecture, Japan, and was originally used by professional singers to practice before recording. It is also called a backing track. Since the 1970s, they have been sold for general use. In the mid-1980s, the popularity of laser discs broke out and became a big hit. When using laser discs, the lyrics appear on the screen, so you don't have to hold the lyrics like you did before, and you can sing in the same way.

Garlic oil

Garlic oil is the oil of a garlic plant, and is often used in cooking.

John Fire Lame Deer

John Fire Lame Deer (Lakota: Tȟáȟča Hušté; March 17, 1903 – December 14, 1976), also known as Lame Deer, John Fire and John (Fire) Lame Deer, was a Lakota medicine man. He was from the Miniconjou band of the Lakota tribe. His grandfather was the Mincionjou leader Lame Deer, and his son was Archie Fire Lame Deer.

When he was sixteen, he had his first "hanblechia", or "vision-seeking", a Lakota ceremony that is a quest for a vision. Lame Deer named himself after his grandfather after seeing him in a vision.
Lame Deer was born on the Rosebud Indian Reservation in South Dakota. His father was Silas Fire Let-Them-Have-Enough. His mother was Sally Red Blanket. He lived with his grandparents until he was 6 or 7, and then he was placed in a day school until he was fourteen. He was sent to a boarding school run by the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs. The boarding school tried to assimilate Native Americans to be more like white people. Lame Deer's mother died of tuberculosis in 1920. His father then moved north to the Standing Rock Indian Reservation. He left Lame Deer with land and livestock, which Lame Deer quickly sold.
Lame Deer's young days were rough and wild. He worked in rodeos as a rider and as a rodeo clown. He spent time as a "heyoka", a sacred clown. He also joined the Native American Church. He was a tribal policeman for a short time. He drank alcohol, gambled, and stole cars. He learned English in saloons, prison, and the U.S. Army.

He made his home at the Pine Ridge Reservation. Lame Deer became known to the Lakota and the American public. He performed pipe ceremonies. He went to American Indian Movement events, including sit-ins at the Black Hills, which are a sacred place for the Lakota people. It was taken by the United States government after the discovery of gold in the area.

In 1972, Richard Erdoes published the book "Lame Deer, Seeker of Visions". The book is a collection of interviews with Lame Deer. Lame Deer talks about Lakota culture and his life as a teacher and a healer.

Kingston, Missouri

Kingston is the county seat of Caldwell County, Missouri, United States.

Station Eleven

Station Eleven is an American post-apocalyptic dystopian fiction miniseries. It was created by Patrick Somerville. The series is based on the 2014 novel of the same name by Emily St. John Mandel. The miniseries premiered on HBO Max on December 16, 2021. It ran for ten episodes until January 13, 2022.

Twenty years after a flu pandemic caused the collapse of civilization, a group of survivors make their living as traveling performers. They are called the Traveling Symphony. The group meet a violent cult led by a man whose past is linked to a member of the group.


Van Buren, Missouri

Van Buren is the county seat of Carter County, Missouri, United States.

Stockton, Missouri

Stockton is the county seat of Cedar County, Missouri, United States.

Comedy movie

A comedy movie is a genre of movie which is mainly humorous. These movies are made to make the audience laugh. These movies nomally have a happy ending (black comedy is an exception). Comedy movies are one of the oldest genres in movies. They come from the classical comedy in theatre. Some of the earliest silent movies were comedies. This is because slapstick comedy did not need sound to be entertaining. When sound in movies begen being used in the 1920s, comedy moviess still did well because laughter could come from both situations and dialogue.

Comedy puts much more focus on individual actors. Many former stand-up comics began doing movies because of this. Many comic movies are lighthearted stories. They have no goal other than to make people laugh. Others have political or social commentary.

In "The Screenwriters Taxonomy" (2017), Eric R. Williams says that movie genres are mainly based upon a movies atmosphere, character and story. He says the labels "drama" and "comedy" are too broad to be a genre. Instead, his comedy taxonomy argues that comedy is a type of movie that contains at least a dozen different sub-types.

The first comedy movie was "L'Arroseur Arrosé" (1895). It was directed and produced by Louis Lumière. The movie is less than 60 seconds long. It shows a boy playing a prank on a gardener. The most well known comedy actors of the silent movie era (1895-1927) were Charlie Chaplin, Harold Lloyd, and Buster Keaton.

The anarchic comedy movie is a random type of humour. It often makes fun of authority. The genre began in the silent era. Notable examples of this type of movie are those made by Monty Python. Others include "National Lampoon's Animal House" (1978) and Marx Brothers movies such as "Duck Soup" (1933).

Gross out movies are a recent creation. They use vulgar, sexual or "toilet" humor. They often have a large amount of profanity. Examples include "Porky's" (1982), "Dumb and Dumber" (1994), "There's Something About Mary" (1998), and "American Pie" (1999).

This type uses comedy to look at serious ideas such as religion, sex or politics. The characters normally have world views that are different from most people. How they interact with other people leads to comedic effect and social commentary. Some examples include "Bob Roberts" (1992) and "MASH" (1970).

A comedy of manners satirizes a social class. The plot of a comedy of manners is often about some scandal. The plot is usuallly less important for its witty dialogue. This form of comedy has been used at least since "Much Ado about Nothing" created by William Shakespeare in 1623. Examples for comedy of manners movies include "Breakfast at Tiffany's" (1961) and "Under the Tuscan Sun" (2003).

The black comedy movie deals with taboo subjects. These include death, murder, crime and suicide. These subjects are used in a satirical way. Examples include "Arsenic and Old Lace" (1944), "" (1964), "S.O.B." (1981), "Monty Python's The Meaning of Life" (1983), "Brazil" (1985), "The War of the Roses" (1989), "Heathers" (1989), "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels" (1998), "Thank You for Smoking" (2005), "Burn After Reading" (2008), "The Wolf of Wall Street" (2013), "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" (2017) and "Parasite" (2019).

Mockumentary comedies are fictional, but use a documentary style. They often have interviews and "documentary" footage along regular scenes. Examples include "The Gods Must Be Crazy" (1980), "This Is Spinal Tap" (1984), "Waiting for Guffman" (1996), "Best In Show" (2000), and "Reboot Camp" (2020).

A parody or spoof movie makes fun of other movie genres or classic movies. These movies use sarcasm, stereotyping and make fun of scenes from other movie and the actions of characters in those movies. Examples of this form include "Mud and Sand" (1922), "Blazing Saddles" (1974), "Airplane!" (1980), "Young Frankenstein" (1974), "Spaceballs" (1987), and "Scary Movie" (2000).

The humor in sex comedy come from sexual situations. Examples include "Choke" (2008) and "Knocked Up" (2007).

Humor that comes from knowing a group of characters (or character types) and then putting them to different situations to create humor. This type of movie includes "Galaxy Quest" (1999) and "Madea's Big Happy Family" (2011).

This type applies to movies that dused comedy for comedic sake. "Clueless" (1995) and "Mrs. Doubtfire" (1993) are examples of straight comedy movies.

Although not a part of the history of surrealism, these comedies have behavior and ways of telling the story that are not logical. Some examples are "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" (1975) and "Swiss Army Man" (2016).



Milky tree frog

The milky tree frog lives in Mexico, Central America, Ecuador, and Venezuela. It might be one species of frog or it might be many. The "Amphibian Species of the World" uses the scientific name Trachycephalus "vermiculatus," with quotes, for all frogs that scientists thought were part of "Trachycephalus typhonius" but later decided weren't. Other English names for these frogs include veined tree frog, common tree frog, warty tree frog, marbled tree frog, vein-eyed glue frog, Amazon tree frog, and pepper tree frog.

Delaware Colony

Delaware Colony was a North American colony. It was in land on the bank of the Delaware River Bay. People settled to here in the 1600s. The first people here were Lenape and possibly the Assateague tribes of Native Americans. The first European settlers were Swedes. In the 1700s, Delaware Colony's English colonists were mostly quaker. 

The Lower Counties of Delaware were governed from Pennsylvania from 1682 until 1701. The Lower Counties then petitioned to become a colony. This made the two colonies independent. They had the same governor until 1776. At the beginning of the American Revolutionary War, the colonies decided to create the state of Delaware. 


List of minor planets: 15001–16000


List of minor planets: 16001–17000


List of minor planets: 17001–18000


List of minor planets: 18001–19000


List of minor planets: 19001–20000


Royal arms of England

The royal arms of England are the arms of England.

Bokermannohyla sagarana

Bokermannohyla sagarana is a frog that lives in southeastern Brazil.

The adult male frog is about 47.3–54.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 44.5–48.6 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is dark gray and light gray. Scientists say this looks like lichen growing on a rock. The front legs are big and strong. The hind legs are light in color with dark bars across.

Flag of Ulster

The flag of Ulster is a historic banner that is based on the coat of arms of Ulster, used to represent Ulster, one of the four provinces of Ireland. It has a red cross on a gold background with a red hand on a white shield in the centre.

Red Hand of Ulster

The Red Hand of Ulster () is a symbol used in heraldry to represent the Irish province of Ulster.

It is an open hand coloured red, the fingers are pointing upwards and the thumb is parallel to the fingers, while the palm is facing forward. The red hand is usually shown as a right hand, but is sometimes a left hand, such as in the coats of arms of baronets.

Carl Heinrich Graun

Carl Heinrich Graun (1703/4 - 8 August 1759) was a German composer and tenor singer.

Graun was born in Wahrenbrück. His father was a tax collector. He had two brothers, Johann Gottlieb Graun and August Friedrich Graun. Carl was the youngest son. He went to school in Dresden. He sang in the choir of the Kreuzkirche. He studied in the University of Leipzig from 1718-19. He studied singing with J.Z. Grundig and composition with Christian Petzold and Johann Christoph Schmidt.

In 1724 he moved to Brunswick. He sang in the opera house in Brunswick. He wrote operas, cantatas, funeral music, and Passion cantatas in Brunswick. He was unhappy in Brunswick. In 1731 he moved to Prussia to work for crown prince Frederick. His brother, Johann Gottlieb was already working for Prince Frederick. Graun did not stop writing music for Brunswick.

Frederick became king in 1740. He sent Graun to Italy to hire singers for the court opera. Graun returned to Berlin in March 1741. He was promoted to "Kapellmeister". He was in charge of the music in the Berlin court. His job was writing stage music. In 1755, he wrote "Der Tod Jesu" ("The Death of Jesus"), a Passion cantata. The cantata was performed every year in Germany ever since.

He died on August 8, 1759 in Berlin.

2021–22 Arminia Bielefeld season

The 2021–22 season is the 117th season for the German football club Arminia Bielefeld.

The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.

2020–21 Arminia Bielefeld season

The 2020–21 Arminia Bielefeld season was the club's 116th season for the German football club Arminia Bielefeld. The season lasted from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021.

The league fixtures were announced on 7 August 2020.

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season

2019–20 Arminia Bielefeld season

The 2019–20 Arminia Bielefeld season was the 115th season for the German football club Arminia Bielefeld. The season lasts from 1 July 2019 to 28 June 2020. On 16 June, the club was promoted to the 2020–21 Bundesliga, returning to Germany's top tier league for the first time since 2008–09.

As of 31 January 2020

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season

2017–18 Arminia Bielefeld season

The 2017–18 Arminia Bielefeld season is the 113th season for the German football club Arminia Bielefeld. The season lasts from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018.

2014–15 Arminia Bielefeld season

In the 2014–15 Arminia Bielefeld season, Arminia Bielefeld will participate in the 3. Liga, the third tier in German football, and the DFB Pokal, the German cup competition.

2012–13 Arminia Bielefeld season

The 2012–13 Arminia Bielefeld season is the 108th season for the German football club Arminia Bielefeld.


2002–03 Arminia Bielefeld season

Arminia Bielefeld played the 2002–03 season in the Bundesliga. They finished in 16th place, and were relegated from the Bundesliga for the sixth time in their history.

List of minor planets: 20001–21000


List of minor planets: 21001–22000


List of minor planets: 22001–23000


List of Arminia Bielefeld players

Arminia Bielefeld is a German professional football club based in Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia.

This list features all footballers who appeared in at least 50 league matches since 1963.


List of minor planets: 23001–24000


List of minor planets: 24001–25000


List of minor planets: 26001–27000


List of Arminia Bielefeld managers

This is a list of Arminia Bielefeld managers. Although the club was formed in 1905, it was not until 1922 when František Zoubek became the first manager of the club. The club had 48 managers in their history. The current manager is Frank Kramer, who was hired on 2 March 2021.


List of minor planets: 25001–26000


List of Arminia Bielefeld internationals

This is a list of past and present football players who were capped by their country whilst playing for Arminia Bielefeld.


Bielefelder Alm

Bielefelder Alm () is a football stadium in Bielefeld, Germany. The stadium, which has a capacity of 26,515, is owned by the football club DSC Arminia Bielefeld and mostly used for the club's matches. Previously named Stadion Alm , it is currently known as SchücoArena due to a sponsorship deal with the Bielefeld-based window and solar panel manufacturers.


List of minor planets: 27001–28000


List of minor planets: 28001–29000


List of minor planets: 29001–30000


List of minor planets: 30001–31000


List of minor planets: 31001–32000


List of minor planets: 32001–33000


List of Arminia Bielefeld seasons

This is a list of seasons played by Arminia Bielefeld in German football, from their first competitive to the most recent completed season. It details the club's achievements in major competitions, and the top scorers for each season.

The club was formed on 3 May 1905 as 1. Bielefelder Fußballclub (BFC) Arminia. The Fußballclub Siegfried Bielefeld joined Arminia two years later. On 7 July 1919, Arminia combined with the Bielefelder Turngemeinde 1848 and became known as Turngemeinde Arminia Bielefeld. However, this combination was not successful and had to declare bankruptcy on 20 October 1922. The 1. BFC Arminia was reestablished on 6 November 1922 and was renamed into the current name, Deutscher Sportclub Arminia Bielefeld, on 30 January 1926.


Name in bold indicates the league's top scorer.


List of minor planets: 34001–35000


List of minor planets: 35001–36000


List of minor planets: 33001–34000


Henrietta Swan Levitt

Henrietta Swan Leavitt (; July 4, 1868 – December 12, 1921) was an American astronomer. 

After she graduated from Radcliffe College, she worked at the Harvard College Observatory.

She examined photographic plates to measure and catalog the brightness of stars. She discovered the relation between the luminosity and the period of Cepheid variables.

This gave astronomers with the first "standard candle" to measure the distance to faraway galaxies.

She discovered the period-luminosity relationship for Cepheid variables. Her work allowed astronomers to measure distances up to about 20 million light years. As a result of this, it is now known that our own galaxy, the Milky Way, has a diameter of about 100,000 light years. 

After Leavitt's death, Edwin Hubble established that the universe is expanding (see Hubble's law). He used Leavitt's period-luminosity relation, and the galactic spectral shifts first measured by Vesto Slipher at Lowell Observatory.

2021 in Manipur

Events in the year 2021 in Manipur.

Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians

The Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians, also called the Ridge and Valley Province or the Valley and Ridge Appalachians, are a part of the larger Appalachian Mountains area. 

They are an area in the Appalachians that goes from southeastern New York through northwestern New Jersey, into Pennsylvania and through Maryland, West Virginia, Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia and Alabama. They are between the Blue Ridge Mountains and the Appalachian Plateau (the Allegheny and Cumberland plateaux). 

They have long, even ridges with long valleys in between the ridges.

The river valleys were areas where people have lived for thousands of years. The Cherokee people had camps along the rivers in western South Carolina, North Carolina and on the western side Tennessee. The Catawba people lived along the Catawba River in western North Carolina.

The ridge and valley system causes problems when traveling in the area even with today's technology. It was almost impossible for settlers traveling west who walked or rode horses to settle in the Ohio Country, the Northwest Territory and Oregon Country. 

Then, animal power was the main form of transportation. There was no safe way to cross east–west in the middle of the area. Crossing was only possible near the ends. There were areas where movement was easier. These included Cumberland Gap, Braddock's Road and Forbes Road. These were later made into America's first National Roads. 

Early settlers of the Ohio country was usually entered by the Ohio River. River systems were the main transportation routes. It was difficult in the late 19th and 20th centuries to build railroads and highways through this area.

The eastern end of the Ridge and Valley region is marked by the Great Appalachian Valley. It is just west of the Blue Ridge. The western side of the Ridge and Valley region is marked by long steep slopes. These include the Allegheny Front, the Cumberland Mountains, and Walden Ridge. 


Rafał Gikiewicz

Rafał Gikiewicz (born 26 October 1987) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.

Gikiewicz was born in Olsztyn. In July 2008, he transferred to Jagiellonia Białystok. In August 2010, he was loaned to OKS 1945 Olsztyn on a one-year deal. He returned to Jagiellonia Białystok half a year later.

In January 2011, he joined Śląsk Wrocław on 4.5-year contract.

In April 2014, German club Eintracht Braunschweig announced the signing of Gikiewicz for the 2014–15 season. In August 2016, Gikiewicz transferred to Freiburg.

In June 2018, Gikiewicz transferred to Union Berlin signing a two-year contract. The transfer fee paid to Freiburg was reported as €200,000. On 7 October 2018, Gikiewicz scored a 94th-minute equalizer against 1. FC Heidenheim in the 2. Bundesliga.
On 1 July 2020, he signed with Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.

Jagiellonia Białystok

Śląsk Wrocław

Robert Gumny

Robert Gumny (born 4 June 1998) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg and the Poland national team.

In September 2020, Gumny joined Bundesliga club FC Augsburg on a five-year contract. The transfer fee paid to Lech Poznań was reported as €2 million plus possible bonuses.

He made his debut for Poland national football team on 11 November 2020 in a friendly game against Ukraine, as a starter.

Lech Poznań


Popke Popkema

Popke Popkema (25 February 1940 — 14 April 2003) was a Dutch Paralympic archer from Nieuwebrug. He competed at five consecutive Summer Paralympics between 1964 and 1980 and won a total of one gold, three silver and three bronze medals. He also medalled at Stoke Mandeville Games.

He became impaired after an accident in 1960. He started with archery as part of his rehabilitation.

He worked as a statistician at Philips in Eindhoven since 1958. He later moved to Riethoven.

Jenneke van Driel

Jenneke van Driel is a Dutch Para table tennis player and Para swimmer from Rijswijk. At the 1968 Summer Paralympics she won a bronze medal in swimming. She also medalled at Stoke Mandeville Games.

At the 1965 Stoke Mandeville Games she won in swimming the silver medal in the 50 metres breaststroke. After competing at the 1968 Stoke Mandeville Games she competed at the 1968 Summer Paralympics. She won the bronze medal in the 25 m Breaststroke class 2 incomplete event.

Van Driel was a member of the national team; trained and coached by Joop Westbroek.

In 1965 she finished second at the national table tennis championships. The next year she became national champion at the 1966 national championships. She didn’t became champion in 1967, where the title was won by Loes Schenk. In 1968 she became again national champion and won also the national title in the doubles event with Loes Schenk.

Raymond Schelfaut

Raymond Schelfaut (29 April 1941 — 31 March 2018) was a Belgian Paralympic archer. He won two bronze medals at the 1964 Summer Paralympics. He also competed at the 1968 Summer Paralympics and 1972 Summer Paralympics.

Dean Slaugh

Dean Slaugh (March 29, 1929 — April 13, 2009) was an American Paralympic archer. He won four gold medals at the 1964 Summer Paralympics.

He served in the Korean War where he became injured on 1 September 1950 in Busan. He started with archery in 1962.


Peter Blanker

Peter Blanker also Piet Blanker (born 1935) is a Dutch Paralympic archer from Rotterdam. He competed at four consecutive Summer Paralympics between 1964 and 1976 and won a total of four silver medals and two bronze medal.

Before Blanker was impaired, he was a member of the gymnastics club “Ulysses” in Utrecht. During national championship he had an accident that resulted in a partial paralysis. He started archery as part of his rehabilitation process. He continued with archery after his rehabilitation and became a member of the club in Doorn.

At the 1964 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo there were 35 competitors who competed in wheelchair archery. He won the silver medal in the FITA Round open event with 963 points, behind the American Dean Slaugh with 981 points. He also won the silver medal in the Albion Round open event, also behind Dean Slaugh.

Four years later at the 1968 Summer Paralympics in Tel Aviv he competed in the same two events but was not able to win a medal, he finished in the FITA round open event 5th and in the Albion round open event 18th. At the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg he won with the Dutch team the silver medal in the FITA Round Team Open event. In the individual FITA round open event he finished 7th.

At his fourth and last Paralympics, the 1976 Summer Paralympics in Toronto, he won two bronze medals. In archery in the FITA Round Team 2-5 event and in dartchery in the Pairs Open event. He finished seventh in the individual FITA Round Open event.

Mads Valentin

Mads Giersing Valentin Pedersen (born 1 September 1996), usually known as Mads Mini or Mads Valentin, is a professional footballer who plays for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.

Valentin was promoted to the first team squad in the summer 2015, at the age of 19 and got his contract extended.

On 27 September 2015, Valentin got his Superliga debut in a game against AGF, who FCN won 2–0, where he came on the pitch in the 93th minute, replacing Oliver Thychosen. During the 2016–17 season, Valentin became a key player for FCN and the U21 national team.

Valentin's contract got extended in the summer of 2017. In September 2017, Valentin suffered from a horrible ligament injury in his knee, that would keep him out for at least eight weeks.

In November 2018, Mads changed his shirt name from his nickname "Mini" to his middle name "Valentin" to honor his family.

On 27 June 2019, Valentin joined FC Augsburg on a contract until June 2024. Valentin got his official debut on 17 August 2019 against Borussia Dortmund where he also was noted for an assist in a 5–1 defeat. After only three games for Augsburg in his first half season, Valentin was loaned out to FC Zürich on 30 January 2020 for the rest of the season.


Tobias Strobl

Tobias Strobl (born 12 May 1990) is a retired German professional footballer who played as a defender and midfielder.

Strobl was born in Munich-Pasing, and made his Bundesliga debut for 1899 Hoffenheim on 11 February 2012 in a 1–1 away draw with Werder Bremen. 

On 5 June 2020, Strobl agreed on a free transfer with FC Augsburg at the end of the season. He left Borussia Mönchengladbach having made 83 appearances and recording eight assists.


Jeffrey Gouweleeuw

Jeffrey Gouweleeuw (born 10 July 1991) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a centre back for and captains Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.

Born in Heemskerk, Gouweleeuw began his early career with ADO '20 and Heerenveen, before signing a five-year contract with AZ in May 2013, having received interest from the club since December 2012.

In August 2015, after being made club captain at AZ, a transfer to Greek club Olympiacos fell through. He suffered an injury in December 2015, one of a number of AZ's defenders on the sidelines.

In January 2016 he moved to Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.

He has played for the Netherlands under-21 national team.

Florian Niederlechner

Florian Niederlechner (born 24 October 1990) is a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for Hertha BSC.


António Ribeiro

"Dom" António II Ribeiro (21 May 1928 – 24 March 1998) was a Portuguese Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, who was Patriarch of Lisbon from 1971 until his death in 1998.

Carlos Gruezo (footballer, born 1995)

Carlos Armando Gruezo Arboleda (; born 19 April 1995) is an Ecuadorian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg and the Ecuador national team. He is the son of Carlos Armando Gruezo Quiñónez.

He began his career with Independiente del Valle before joining Ecuadorian club Barcelona SC.

Gruezo went on trial for VfB Stuttgart in their pre season friendlies in South Africa. On 30 January 2014, he signed a four-year contract with Stuttgart. He scored his first goal for the club in a 4–1 victory over Freiburg on 28 November 2014, becoming the first Ecuadorian to score in the Bundesliga. In 2015 however, he lost his spot in the starting lineup and only had a few more appearances for Stuttgart.

He moved to FC Dallas on 23 January 2016.

On 2 July 2019, Gruezo returned to Germany, joining FC Augsburg on a five-year-deal.

He played for Ecuador at the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup and at the 2013 South American Youth Championship.

Gruezo made his debut for the Ecuador national football team on 17 May 2014, coming in as a second-half substitute for Christian Noboa against the Netherlands. On 6 June, he was named in Ecuador's squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

Barcelona S.C.

FC Dallas


Don (honorific)

Don (; ; , from Latin '), abbreviated as D., is an honorific prefix used in Spain and the former Spanish Empire, Croatia, Italy, and Portugal and its former colonies.

Don, and dom, is came from the Latin "Dominus": the most important member of a household, a title used during the Roman Republic in classical antiquity.

Farrah Forke

Farrah Rachael Forke (January 12, 1968 – February 25, 2022) was an American actress. She was known for her role as Alex Lambert on the NBC sitcom "Wings" and Mayson Drake on "". She also voiced Big Barda on the animated television series "Batman Beyond" and "Justice League Unlimited".

Forke died from cancer on February 25, 2022, at the age of 54, in Houston, Texas.

Battle of Kherson

The Battle of Kherson was a battle between Russian and Ukrainian forces which began on 24 February 2022, as part of the Kherson offensive during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

On 2 March 2022, Ukrainian forces left Kherson during the battle and Russia took control of the city. 

Kreminna

Kreminna (; ) is a city in the Sievierodonetsk Raion of the Luhansk Oblast of Ukraine. Before 2020, it was the administrative center of the former Kreminna Raion.

In March 2022, the pro-Russian mayor Volodymyr Struk who supported Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, was found shot dead in the street after having been kidnapped from his home. On 19 April 2022, the city was captured by Russian military forces during the invasion.

Volodymyr Struk

Volodymyr Oleksiiovych Struk (; 15 May 1964 – 2 March 2022) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of the Party of Regions and later the Opposition Platform — For Life. He was in the Verkhovna Rada from 2012 to 2014. He was later Mayor of Kreminna from 2020 until his death.

Struk was found shot dead in Kreminna at the age of 57 during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. Before his death, he was kidnapped from his home after showing support of Russia during the invasion.

Alfred Mayer (politician)

Alfred Mayer (5 March 1936 – 1 March 2022) was an Austrian politician. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party. He was a Landesrat of Vorarlberg from 1974 to 1993. Mayer was born in Bregenz, Vorarlberg, Austria.

Mayer died on 1 March 2022, at the age of 85.

Israel Beltrán Montes

Israel Beltrán Montes (29 March 1947 – 2 March 2022) was a Mexican businessman and politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He was a Deputy in the Congress of the Union from 1991 until 1994 and again from 2006 until 2009. Beltrán Montes was born in Chihuahua City, Mexico.

Beltrán Montes died on 2 March 2022 in Chihuahua City from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 74.

List of people with Ukrainian ancestry

This is a list of people by country with Ukrainian ancestry.








Yosef Carmon

Yosef Carmon (; 14 June 1933 – 2 March 2022) was a Polish-born Israeli actor and theater director. He was born in Radom, Poland. His career began in 1953 and he retired in 2019. He was an actor at the Cameri Theater for over 50 years. His movie roles included "Alila" and "The Farewell Party".

Carmon was diagnosed with dementia in 2014. He died from the illness on 2 March 2022 in Tel Aviv, Israel at the age of 88.

Alan Ladd

Alan Walbridge Ladd (September 3, 1913 – January 29, 1964) was an American actor and producer. He was known for being in western and noir movies. His best known roles were "This Gun for Hire" (1942), "The Glass Key" (1942), and "The Blue Dahlia" (1946).

Ladd died on January 29, 1964 from a cerebral edema caused by an accidental overdose of alcohol, sleeping pills and barbiturate, aged 50.

Autherine Lucy

Autherine Juanita Lucy (October 5, 1929 – March 2, 2022) was an American activist and academic. She was the first African-American student to attend the University of Alabama, in 1956. 

Lucy was expelled from the institution later that year and led to the university's President Oliver Carmichael's resignation. Years later, the University admitted her as a master's student.

Lucy died on March 2, 2022, at the age of 92. Her grandniece, Nikema Williams, is a member of the United States House of Representatives.

Shiloh, Marengo County, Alabama

Shiloh is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama, United States.

Robert John Rose

Robert John Rose (February 28, 1930 – March 2, 2022) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. Rose was the Bishop of the Diocese of Gaylord in Michigan from 1981 to 1989 and Bishop of the Diocese of Grand Rapids in Michigan from 1989 to 2003. Rose was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan.

Rose died on March 2, 2022 at the age of 92.

Frédérick Tristan

Jean-Paul Frédéric Tristan Baron (11 June 1931 – 2 March 2022) was a French writer. He was born in Sedan, France. He wrote essays and poems. From 1983 to 2001 he was professor of early Christian and Renaissance iconography at ICART in Paris. 

Tristan died in Dreux, France on 2 March 2022, at the age of 90.

2022 Winter Paralympics

The 2022 Winter Paralympics (), officially known as the XIII Paralympic Winter Games and commonly known as the Beijing 2022 Paralympic Games, are an international winter multi-sport parasports event. It took place in Beijing, People's Republic of China, from 4 to 13 March 2022. 

Tony Walton

Anthony John Walton (24 October 1934 – 2 March 2022) was a British set and costume designer. He won three Tony Awards for his work on "Pippin" (1973), "House of Blue Leaves" (1986), and "Guys and Dolls" (1992). 

For his work in movies he won an Oscar, for "All That Jazz" (1979). He won an Emmy for the 1985 TV version of "Death of a Salesman". He received three more Academy Award nominations for his work in "Mary Poppins" (1964), "Murder on the Orient Express" (1974), and "The Wiz" (1978). Walton was born in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey, England.

Walton died from problems caused by a stroke on 2 March 2022, at the age of 87.

Shane Olivea

Shane Olivea (October 7, 1981 – March 2, 2022) was an American football offensive tackle. He was drafted by the San Diego Chargers in 2004. He played college football at Ohio State. Olivea was also a member of the New York Giants, Florida Tuskers, and Virginia Destroyers.

Olivea died on March 2, 2022, at the age of 40.

Complementary currency

A complementary currency, or alternative currency, is a medium of exchange that is accepted in much the same way as a regular currency, within a group of people or a geographical area. It is made to complement a national currency. Usually complementary currencies are not legal tender, they cannot be used in exactly the same way as money. Their use is based on all the people of the group agreeing to accept them. According to Jérôme Blanc of Laboratoire d'Économie de la Firme et des Institutions, complementary currencies aim to protect, stimulate or orientate the economy. They may also be used to advance particular social, environmental, or political goals.

There are different kinds of these currencies:


One system, called mutual credit has the idea that there's a form of credit, that is given, but that does not need banks. Another system is that of barter.

A Local exchange trading system, or LETS trades points, where one point is usually equivalent to one hour of work. This is an example for a time-based currency.

Alternative currencies have been made to address specific issues:


The 2006 Annual Report of the Worldwide Database of Complementary Currency Systems presented a survey of 150 complementary currency systems in which 94 respondents said that "all reasons" were selected, among cooperation, micro/small/medium enterprise development, activating the local market, reducing the need for national currency, and community development.



Albert Pobor

Albert Pobor (29 May 1956 – 3 March 2022) was a Croatian football manager. Pobor was born in Banja Luka, Yugoslavia. His career began in 2004 with Cerezo Osaka. He managed NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac from 2008 until 2009 and again from 2014 until 2015. The last team he managed was NK Brežice 1919 from 2017 until 2018.

Pobor died on 3 March 2022 in Zagreb, Croatia. He was 65 years old.

Luiz Pinguelli Rosa

Luiz Pinguelli Rosa (19 February 1942 – 3 March 2022) was a Brazilian nuclear scientist. He was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. He was a researcher and professor at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. He was also scientifically and politically active in the field of nuclear energy.

Rosa died on 3 March 2022 at a hospital in Copacabana, Brazil at the age of 80.

Maria Prymachenko

Maria Prymachenko (d. 1997) was a Ukrainian folk art painter, who worked in the naïve art style. She was a self-taught artist. She worked in painting, embroidery and ceramics.

She is now famous.

Early life: Prymachenko was born to a peasant family and spent her whole life in the village of Bolotnya in the Ivankiv Raion, Kyiv Oblast; That place is from Chernobyl.

She died on 18 August 1997. She was 88-years old.

Andrey Sukhovetsky

Andrey Aleksandrovich Sukhovetsky (27 June 1974 – 28 February 2022) was a Russian general. He was in military operations in the North Caucasus and fought in Abkhazia during the Russo-Georgian War of 2008. He had a role in the annexation of Crimea by the Russia in 2014. From 2018 to 2021, Sukhovetsky headed the 7th Guards Mountain Air Assault Division.

A general, Sukhovestsky fought in the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. He was killed in combat in Ukraine on 28 February 2022 after being shot by a sniper. 

Dean Woods

Dean Anthony Woods, OAM (22 June 1966 – 3 March 2022) was an Australian racing cyclist. He was born in Wangaratta, Victoria. He was known for his track cycling at the Olympic Games and Commonwealth Games. In 1985 he was awarded the Order of Australia medal.

Woods won a gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics, a bronze and a silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics and another bronze medal in 1996 Summer Olympics.

Woods died from cancer on 3 March 2022, at the age of 55.

Trachycephalus quadrangulum

The Chocoan milk frog ("Trachycephalus quadrangulum") is a frog that lives on the Pacific side of the Andes in Ecuador and Peru. Scientists have seen it between 20 and 350 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 53.4 to 76.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 60.5 to 80.8 mm long. The adult frog is brown or gray in color with a darker gray mark on its back. The mark is four-sided. Its head is wider than it is long.

Academy of Sciences and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Academy of Sciences and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina, abbreviation ANUB&H or ANUBiH, (Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian: "Akademija nauka i umjetnosti Bosne i Hercegovine" Cyrillic: Академија наука и умјетности Босне и Херцеговине) is the national academy of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Academy is based in the capital city of Sarajevo. It is the leading non-university public research institution in the country. 
The institution was established in 1951. This was during the time when the PR Bosnia and Herzegovina was a part of Yugoslavia, as the "Scientific Society of Bosnia and Herzegovina". They upgraded into the "Academy of Sciences and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina" in 1966.

The ANUB&H is made up of six departments:





Cahokia people

The Cahokia were a Native American tribe. They were apart of the Illinois Confederation, which was a group of tribes that lived in the Mississippi River Valley. They lived in what is now the Midwest of the United States in North America. They spoke an Algonquian language. The Cahokia were probably similar to other tribes in the Illinois Confederation.

Europeans named a group of man-made earthen mounds after the Cahokia, who lived nearby. However, scholars do not believe that the Cahokia tribe built the mounds.

French missionaries came to proselytize the Cahokia. They made the Tamaroa/Cahokia mission in 1699 CE and the River L'Abbė mission in 1735 CE. The Cahokia's population began to decline in the 18th century. This was probably because of war with other tribes, new infectious diseases, and cultural changes that disrupted their society.

Five Cahokia chiefs and headmen joined the other Illinois tribes at the 1818 Treaty of Edwardsville (Illinois). With this treaty, they ceded half of the state of Illinois to the United States government. The remaining Cahokia became apart of the Kaskaskia and Peoria people. The descendants of the Cahokia are now in Ottawa County, Oklahoma.


Johann Ludwig Krebs

Johann Ludwig Krebs (baptized 12 October 1713 – 1 January 1780) was a German Baroque musician and composer.

Krebs was born in Buttelstedt, Weimar. His birth date is not known. He was baptized on October 12, 1713. His father, Johann Tobias Krebs was an organist in Buttelstedt. His brothers were also musicians. He studied music with his father. In 1726 he went to Leipzig to study in the Thomasschule. He studied music with Johann Sebastian Bach. He also worked as a copyist (somebody who copies music). He helped copy some of Bach's cantatas.

In 1733, he tried to become the organist in St. Wenzel, Naumburg. His father, C.P.E. Bach and five other people also wanted to become the organist there. Krebs, his father, and C.P.E. Bach were not successful. He returned to Leipzig. He continued studying for two years. In 1735, J.S. Bach wrote a testimonial which praised Krebs.

In 1737, he became the organist at St. Marien in Zwickau. He was not happy with the salary. In 1744 he became the castle organist in Zeitz. Krebs tried to become the "Kantor" of the Thomasschule when J.S. Bach. He was not successful. In 1755 he went to Altenburg to become organist at the court of Frederick III, Duke of Gotha. The salary in Altenburg was not much. Georg Benda, the "Kapellmeister" in Gotha asked the court to raise Krebs' salary.

In Altenburg, wrote orchestral music, keyboard music, sinfonias, and organ music. He died on January 1, 1780 in Altenburg.

Baroque music was becoming less popular in the middle of the eighteenth century. Even so, Krebs wrote music in the baroque style. His organ music shows J.S. Bach's influences. His preludes are often similar to Bach's preludes. Some of his orchestral music show the galant style.

Rod Marsh

Rodney William Marsh (4 November 1947 – 4 March 2022) was an Australian cricketer. He played as a wicketkeeper for the Australian national team. He played for Australia between 1970 and 1984. He played 96 Test matches and 92 One Day Internationals (ODIs). He also played for Western Australia. In 2009, Marsh was added into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame.

Marsh set a world record of 355 wicketkeeping Test dismissals, the same number his pace bowling state and country teammate Dennis Lillee achieved bowling. The pair were known for their bowler-wicketkeeper partnership, which resulted in a record 95 Test wickets. They also their Test debuts in the same series and retired from Test cricket in the same match.

Marsh was born in Armadale, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia. He was the younger brother of golfer Graham Marsh. Rod's son, Daniel, was also a cricketer.

On 24 February 2022, Marsh had a heart attack in Bundaberg, Queensland. He died eight days later, on 4 March 2022, in Adelaide, South Australia, aged 74.

Anzhelika Savrayuk

Anzhelika Savrayuk (; born 23 August 1989 in Lutsk, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian-born Italian rhythmic gymnast.

She won a bronze medal at the Olympic Games in 2012 in London.

Zeppelin LZ 1

The Zeppelin LZ 1 was the first truly successful experimental rigid airship. It was first flown from a floating hangar on Lake Constance, near Friedrichshafen in southern Germany on 2 July 1900. "LZ" stood for "Luftschiff Zeppelin", or "Airship Zeppelin".

Count Zeppelin had been devoting his energies to the design of large rigid-framed airships since his retirement from the army in 1890. In 1898 he established the Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Luftschifffahrt. The company had a subscribed capital of 800,000 Deutschmarks, of which Zeppelin contributed 300,000 Deutschmarks: the remainder was provided by various industrialists, including 100,000 Deutschmarks contributed by Carl Berg, whose company provided the aluminium framework of the airship.

At its first trial the LZ 1 carried five people, reached an altitude of and flew a distance of in 17 minutes, but by then the moveable weight had jammed and one of the engines had failed: the wind then forced an emergency landing. After repairs and alterations the ship flew two more times, on 17 and 24 October, showing its potential by beating the speed record then held by the electric-powered French Army non-rigid airship, "La France" of , but this did not convince the possible investors. Because funding was exhausted, Graf von Zeppelin had to dismantle the airship, sell the scrap and tools and liquidate the company.


Bianca Matte

Bianca Matte (Roraima, October 13, 1990) is a Brazilian beauty queen. She was Miss Roraima in 2013 and Miss Brazilian Tourism in 2014.

Matte represented the state of Roraima at the Miss Brasil 2013. She won the title of Miss Tourism Brazil Universe 2014 and was 2nd runner up at Miss Tourism Universe 2014. At the Miss Tourism Universe pagent, she won the prize for the best costume.

Bianca Matte is a Brazilian model. She worked as model in China and Turkey between 2010 and 2013. She began taking part in beauty pageants at 2013, when she won Miss Roraima 2013. Months later, she represented her state at Miss Brasil 2013.

In November 21, 2014, she took part in the Miss Tourism Universe. It was in Beirut, in Lebanon. Matte was the 2nd runner up out of 27 contestants. The winner of Miss Tourism Universe 2014 was the Venezuelan Ninoska Vásquez.


Theriiformes

Theriiformes is a clade of mammals. The term was first used by Timothy B. Rowe in his doctoral dissertation. Theriiformes are the clade formed by the most recent common ancestor of multituberculates and therians..

The cladogram below follows Luo "et al." (2016):

Lymantria dispar

Lymantria dispar, renamed spongy moth in 2022, formerly gypsy moth, is a species of moth in the Erebidae family. It has subspecies, for example "L. d. dispar" and "L. d. japonica". "Lymantria dispar" has become an introduced species. It is from Europe, Africa, and Asia, but humans brought it to North America and South America by accident. The larvae (caterpillars) can eat the leaves off broad-leaved and the needles off pine-like trees. The catarpillars can damage trees and forests badly. "Lymantria dispar" is listed among the world's 100 most invasive alien species.

Scientists call moths in the subfamily Lymantriinae "tussock moths" because of the tufts of hair on the caterpillars.

The name "Lymantria dispar" has composed of two words that both come from Latin. The genusc name "Lymantria" means "destroyer." The species epithet "dispar" means "to separate" in Latin; it refers to the large differences between the male and female adult moths. In some subspecies, the adult male can fly and the adult female cannot.

In July 2021 the Entomological Society of America, a group of scientists who study insects and other animals with skeletons on the inside decided to remove the name "gypsy moth" from its Common Names of Insects and Related Organisms List because it is "hurtful to the Romani people." The Society looked at more than 200 names. They chose the new common name "spongy moth" because it matches names for the species in other languages. For example, in French, it is "spongieuse." The moth makes a sponge-like substance to put its eggs in. The Society agreed to use the name in February. Every person on the committee voted yes.

Scientists say the North American and European "Lymantria dispar" moths are the same subspecies, "Lymantria dispar dispar". But not all scienitsts agree. The U.S. Department of Agriculture says the Asian subspecies is any kind of "L. dispar" in which the female adult can fly despite "L. d. asiatica" not being the only accepted subspecies that is capable of flight. Traditionally, "L. dispar" has been referred to as "gypsy moth" even when referring to Japanese, Indian and Asiatic spongy moth populations.

The European subspecies ("Lymantria dispar dispar") is native to forests in western Europe. It was introduced to the United States in 1869 and to Canada in 1912.

The Asian subspecies ("Lymantria dispar asiatica") is native to Asia east of the Ural mountains. Since the early 1990s it has also reached the West Coast of North America. From southern Europe it is spreading north into Germany and other countries, where it mates with the European spongy moth, "L. d. dispar". Someone found a colony of these animals in Great Britain in 1995.

In North America, the parasitoid encyrtid wasp "Ooencyrtus kuvanae" was introduced to kill the spongy moth. However, the wasp also attacks the eggs of other Lepidoptera species.


Heil dir im Siegerkranz

"" (; German for "Hail to Thee in the Victor's Crown", literally: "Hail to Thee in the Victor's Wreath") was the official national anthem of the German Empire from 1871 to 1918.
Before the foundation of the Empire in 1871, it had been the royal anthem of Prussia since 1795 and remained it after 1871. The melody of the hymn derived from the British anthem "God Save the King". but it also was never recognized by the southern German states, such as Bavaria and Württemberg. After World War I, the German Empire came to an end and "Das Lied der Deutschen" became the national anthem of the Weimar Republic.

Canadian War Museum

The Canadian War Museum (; CWM) is a national museum on the country's military history in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.



Voiceless bilabially post-trilled dental stop

The voiceless bilabially post-trilled dental stop is a type of consonant. It has only been found in a few languages: Oro Win and the Wariʼ language in South America and Sangtam in Northeast India. This makes it a very rare sound. The letter in the International Phonetic Alphabet for sound is . The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is codice_1.

Features of the voiceless bilabially post-trilled dental stop:


Pabellón de Arteaga

Pabellón de Arteaga is a city and the main seat of the municipality of the same name. It has a population of 47,646 (2020 INEGI Census) which makes it the third-most populous city in the state, just below Aguascalientes and Jesús María.

It was founded in 1929 as an establishment for construction machinery for the Plutarco Elías Calles Dam, being founded as Colonia Progreso.


Vahagn Khachaturyan

Vahagn Garniki Khachaturyan (; born 26 July 1959) is an Armenian politician. He is the President of Armenia since 2022. He was Mayor of Yerevan from 1992 to 1996. He was the Minister of High-Tech Industry (2021–2022).

Noura Erakat

Noura Erakat ( ; born January 16, 1980) is a Palestinian-American activist, university professor, legal scholar, and human rights attorney. She is currently an associate professor at Rutgers University. She is a well known critic of Israel.



Morazán (movie)

Morazán is a 2017 Honduran historical drama movie directed by Hispano Durón and starring Orlando Valenzuela (in the title role), Tito Estrada, Melissa Merlo, Gabriel Ochoa.

New Zealand Media and Entertainment

New Zealand Media and Entertainment (shortened as NZME) is a New Zealand newspaper, radio and digital media company. It began in 2014 as an official merger between APN News & Media's New Zealand division  and The Radio Network, part of the Australian Radio Network. It operates 32 newspapers, 9 radio networks and several websites in 25 markets across the country, serving more than three million people. 
The NZME brands incorporate the national newspaper The New Zealand Herald, local newspapers Bay of Plenty Times, Rotorua Daily Post and Northern Advocate. He runs the GrabOne website  and iHeartRadio in New Zealand. The Radio division operates the Newstalk ZB, The Hits, ZM, Radio Hauraki, Flava, Coast, Gold and Gold AM radio networks on radio frequencies nationwide and through the iHeartRadio digital listening website and mobile app.

The Cup (1999 movie)

The Cup (ཕོར་པ། or "Phörpa") is a 1999 Bhutanese Australian Nepalese sports comedy movie directed by Khyentse Norbu and starring Orgyen Tobgyal, Neten Chokling. It was distributed by Fine Line Features.

Statue of Alfred the Great, Southwark

The statue of Alfred the Great in Southwark may be London's oldest outdoor statue. 

The lower part is from a Roman statue (late 1st or early 2nd century AD). The top is in late 18th or early 19th-century stone in mediaeval style.

The statue is in the centre of Trinity Church Square in Southwark. It is high and shows a broad-shouldered, bearded man wearing robes and a crown. It may show the 9th-century Anglo-Saxon king Alfred the Great. The statue now stands in the open air, but the back of the statue is quite plain. It may originally have stood in a niche.

Bokermannohyla sapiranga

Bokermannohyla sapiranga is a frog that lives in southeastern Brazil.

Parque das Nações

The Parque das Nações, is a "freguesia" (civil parish) of Lisbon, the capital of Portugal. It is located in eastern Lisbon, Parque das Nações is to the east of Olivais, north of Marvila, and south of Loures. In 2018, an estimated 31,000 people live in the area.

Freguesia

Freguesia, translated as "parish", is the third-level administrative subdivision of Portugal. A "freguesia" is a subdivision of a "município" (municipality). Each parish use the name of a landmark in the area or of the patron saint from Catholic parish ("paróquia" in Portuguese). 

Gold Snatchers

Gold Snatchers () is a 1973 Hong Kong action drama movie directed by Lung Chien and starring Hsien Chin-Chu and Yasuaki Kurata.

Chen Sing and Ah Fat come out of jail and go to grave of mother of Chen to find a chest of gold to steal. Chan searches for the gold the delinquents have stolen, but later he discovers that he was framed by his half-brother Lung Fei.

Arne Maier

Arne Carl Maier (; born 8 January 1999) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg, on loan from Hertha BSC. He represented the Germany national under-21 team.

Individual



Youssef Msakni

Youssef Msakni (; born 28 October 1990) is a Tunisian professional footballer who plays as a winger or forward for Al Arabi on loan from Al-Duhail, and the Tunisia national team.

Tunisia



List of minor planets: 36001–37000


List of minor planets: 37001–38000


List of minor planets: 38001–39000


Michael Gregoritsch

Michael Gregoritsch (born 18 April 1994) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a winger or striker for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg and the Austria national team.

In 2008, Gregoritsch began his career at Kapfenberger SV's youth teams and was promoted to the Austrian Bundesliga team in January 2010. He made his debut on 14 April 2010 against Austria Wien and scored his first league goal less than three minutes after coming on as an 82nd-minute substitute. This made him the youngest goalscorer in the history of the Austrian Bundesliga with only 15 years and 361 days. He finished the 2009–10 season with a goal in four appearances. He also made appearances for the reserve team over three seasons.

Gregoritsch moved to 1899 Hoffenheim on 28 June 2011 for an undisclosed fee. He signed a four-year contract but was loaned to Kapfenberger SV until June 2012. He then only played for the second team of Hoffenheim, where he scored 11 goals in 28 appearances.

In 2013, he was loaned to FC St. Pauli, where he played for both the first and second teams.

He joined VfL Bochum on loan for the 2014–15 season, where he scored seven goals in 27 appearances.

He played for Hamburger SV during the 2015–16 and 2016–17 seasons. He scored six goals in 26 appearances during the 2015–16 season and five goals in 32 appearances during the 2016–17 season.

He went to FC Augsburg for the 2017–18 season. He finished the 2017–18 season with 13 goals in 33 appearances.

On 23 December 2019, Gregoritsch was loaned to Schalke 04 until the end of the season. In his debut match for Schalke on 17 January 2020, he scored a goal and provided an assist in a 2–0 home win against Borussia Mönchengladbach.

As of June 2021, his father, Werner Gregoritsch, is the head coach of the Austrian under-21 national team.


List of minor planets: 39001–40000


List of minor planets: 40001–41000


Jan Morávek

Jan Morávek (born 1 November 1989) is a Czech footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg and the Czech Republic national team.

Morávek began his career 1995 with Bohemians 1905 and was promoted to the first team in 2006, playing his debut on 8 June 2007 against 1. HFK Olomouc. He played his first game for Bohemians 1905 in the Gambrinus liga on 12 November 2007 against Sparta Prague.

After a successful tryout with German club Schalke 04 in November 2008, he signed a four-year contract on 24 March 2009. He joined the club on 1 July 2009 for a fee of €2.5 million. In summer 2010, Schalke loaned Morávek to 1. FC Kaiserslautern until the end of the season. After half a season back with Schalke, he signed a six-month loan with FC Augsburg in January 2012.

Morávek played six matches and scored two goals for the Czech Republic U18 national team. He was a member of the Czech Republic U21 national team where he has played nine matches.

On 3 March 2010, Morávek made his debut for the first team of his country in the 0–1 loss against Scotland in a friendly match after coming on as a substitute for Jaroslav Plašil in the second half of the game.


Czech Republic U21 


Afrosphinx

Afrosphinx is a genus of moths. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It only has one species, the Afrosphinx amabilis. It is from Zambia and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is usually seen in "Brachystegia" woodland.

Its forewings are 30–32 mm. The males are red to orange brown speckled with brown.

Mootez Zaddem

Mootez Zaddem (; born 5 January 2001 in Sousse) is a Tunisian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Espérance de Tunis and the Tunisia national football team.

Zaddem was part of the squad that were runners-up in the 2021 FIFA Arab Cup.



Himitsu Sentai Gorenger

Himitsu Sentai Goranger is a Japanese television series. It is the 1st in Toei's Super Sentai series. "Goranger", by Shotaro Ishinomori, was the first in the long-running "Super Sentai" metaseries of tokusatsu programming. The series aired on NET (now TV Asahi) from April 4, 1975 to March 26, 1977, 84 episodes.




Ruben Vargas

Ruben Estephan Vargas Martinez (born 5 August 1998) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a winger for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg and the Switzerland national team.

Vargas made his professional debut for FC Luzern in a 1–1 draw with FC Zürich on 27 August 2017.

He signed a 5 year contract with Augsburg in the summer of 2019, becoming the first Bundesliga player of Dominican descent. He scored his first goal in his second match, against Union Berlin.

Vargas made his Switzerland senior team debut on 8 September 2019, in a Euro 2020 qualifier against Gibraltar. He replaced Granit Xhaka in the 74th minute.

Vargas scored a important penalty for Switzerland, during UEFA Euro 2020, in a penalty shootout against France on 28 June in the Round of 16 knockout stage, qualifying Switzerland for the quarter-final.
Vargas, however, later missed a penalty for Switzerland, during the penalty shootout against Spain on 2 July in the quarter-final. Switzerland would later lose on penalties.

Vargas was born in Adligenswil, Switzerland, to a Dominican father and a Swiss mother, and holds citizenship of both nations. Vargas shares a hometown with his previous Augsburg teammate and previous Switzerland captain Stephan Lichtsteiner.


Zam Zam (movie)

Zam Zam is an 2021 Indian Malayalam-language comedy-drama movie. It is a remake of the 2013 Hindi film called Queen by Vikas Bahl and stars Manjima Mohan in the lead role. It is directed by G. Neelakanta Reddy, produced by Manu Kumaran and bankrolled by Taizoon Khorakiwala. It released on November 6, 2021.


Queen (movie)

Queen is a 2013 Indian Hindi-language comedy-drama film directed by Vikas Bahl. It was produced by Anurag Kashyap, Vikramaditya Motwane, and Madhu Mantena. It stars Kangana Ranaut in the lead role, with Lisa Haydon and Rajkummar Rao playing supporting roles. The film follows the story of Rani Mehra, a diffident Punjabi girl from New Delhi who embarks on her honeymoon to Paris and Amsterdam by herself after her fiancé calls off their wedding.

Rani Mehra is a 24 year-old sheltered, meek, yet good-natured young Punjabi woman from Delhi. One day before her wedding, her fiancé Vijay Dhingra (Rajkummar Rao) tells her that he no longer wishes to marry her. He explains that his lifestyle has changed after living abroad, and Rani's conservative habits would be a wrong match for him. Stunned at the development, Rani shuts herself in her room for a day recalling her and Vijay's story of how they met and fell in love. Wanting to control the situation, she asks her parent's permission to go alone on her pre-booked honeymoon to Paris and Amsterdam. After initially hesitating, her parents agree, thinking that a vacation might cheer her up.
In Paris, Rani meets Vijayalakshmi (Lisa Haydon), a free-spirited woman of French-Spanish-Indian descent, who works at the hotel in which Rani stays. Overwhelmed by the new city and having gotten into trouble twice – once with the local police and once with a robber – Rani intends to return to India. However, Vijayalakshmi helps her out and gives her a tour around the city. The two have a series of adventures, during which Rani relives the memories of Vijay patronizing her and forbidding her from dancing and drinking – which she's free to do in Paris. During one particular incident, Rani tries on what she considers to be a revealing outfit and accidentally sends a selfie of her wearing the attire to Vijay instead of Vijayalakshmi due to the similarity in their names. Rani quickly realizes her mistake, but unbeknownst to her, the selfie revives Vijay's interest in Rani and he decides to seek her out. Eventually, the time comes for Rani to bid an emotional farewell to Vijayalakshmi and board the Dutch Sprinter train for Amsterdam. However, when Rani arrives in Amsterdam, she finds that her hostel room is being shared with three men: Taka from Japan, Tim from France, and Oleksander from Russia. Despite being skeptical, she soon becomes good friends with them and spends time shopping, sightseeing, visiting a sex shop, going to a church, and meeting pole dancers in a club. Rani befriends a pole dancer at the club, Roxette/Rukhsar (Sabeeka Imam), a Pakistani girl who is the sole breadwinner for her family back in Lahore and who is also a friend of Vijaylakshmi.

Rani slowly begins to gain confidence by taking control of her decisions. Realizing her earning potential, she wins a cook-off by selling gol gappas. After the cook-off event, the Italian host and restaurant owner shares an intimate moment with her when she experiences her first 'Indo-Italian' kiss with him and proves that Indians are the best in cooking and even lip to lip kissing. She learns more about her friends' backgrounds and begins to understand how different life can be for people in other parts of the world. One day, the four friends find Vijay waiting for Rani in front of the hostel. Vijay apologizes to Rani and asks her to reconsider the relationship. Their conversation escalates as he tries to grab hold of Rani, but her friends retaliate, and she asks him to leave. Rani decides to miss out on a concert with her friends to meet with Vijay and discuss their future. A conservative thinking Vijay judges Rani's new friends and behavior, like drinking champagne and her choice of living with roommates of the opposite gender, and tells her that she doesn’t know foreigners. This causes her to leave abruptly, saying that she would rather speak to him after returning to Delhi. She then meets up with her friends one last time at the concert. After bidding an emotional farewell to them, Rani returns to India.
Back in Delhi, Rani visits Vijay at his home. Vijay and his family think that she has decided to forgive him and start discussing wedding plans. Instead, Rani hands Vijay her engagement ring and says "thank you,” probably suggesting that he gave her the opportunity to explore the world and develop herself by rejecting her and it did her good, highlighting her grandma’s words earlier in the movie on how things occur for the better. She walks away with a confident smile on her face.


Stand Up Rahul

Stand Up Rahul is an 2022 Telugu-language coming of age romantic comedy film. It is written and directed by Santo Mohan Veeranki. It stars Raj Tarun, Varsha Bollamma, Murali Sharma, Indraja, and Vennela Kishore. It released on March 18, 2022 in theaters coinciding with the Holi festival. It is produced by Nandkumar Abbineni and Bharath Maguluri under the banner of Dream Town Productions and Highfive Pictures. The film's music was composed by Sweekar Agasthi.

A feel-good romance comedy about a reluctant startup employee who doesn't stand up for anything in life, finally finding true love and learning to stand up for his parents, for his love and for his passion for stand-up comedy.


List of minor planets: 41001–42000


List of minor planets: 42001–43000


List of minor planets: 43001–44000


List of minor planets: 44001–45000


List of minor planets: 45001–46000


Samsung Galaxy S22

The Samsung Galaxy S22 series was released in February 2022.

The S22, S22+ and S22 Ultra have 6.1", 6.7" and 6.8" display respectively. They all use AMOLED.

The S22 and S22+ both use a 50 MP rear camera with 12 MP ultrawide and 64 MP 3x telephoto lens. The S22 Ultra uses a 108 MP rear camera with 12 MP ultrawide, 10 MP 3x telephoto and 10 MP 10x telephoto lens.

Ko Samui

Ko Samui (or Koh Samui, also called Samui by locals; , pronounced ) is a city, municipality and island off the east coast of Thailand. It is part of the Surat Thani Province, but has been a self-governing municipality since 2012. It is the second largest island in Thailand after Phuket. In 2018, 2.7 million tourists visited the island.


Vasco da Gama Bridge

The Vasco da Gama Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge across the Tagus River in Parque das Nações in Lisbon, the capital of Portugal.

Phuket

Phuket (; , , or "Tongkah") is a municipality and island off the coast of Thailand. It is the largest Thai island. It's capital is the tourist city of Phuket.


São Jorge Castle

São Jorge Castle (English: Saint George Castle) is a historic castle in the Portuguese capital of Lisbon, it is located in the "freguesia" of Santa Maria Maior. The castle was used since in the 8th century BC, the first fortifications was built in the 1st century BC.

List of minor planets: 46001–47000


List of minor planets: 47001–48000


List of minor planets: 48001–49000


Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant

The Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Station () in Enerhodar, Zaporizhzhia Oblast, Ukraine, is the largest nuclear power plant in Europe and among the 10 largest in the world. It was built by the Soviet Union in southeastern Ukraine near the city of Enerhodar.

On 4 March 2022, both plants were captured by Russian forces during the Battle of Zaporizhzhia of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. On 29 August 2022, IAEA has decided to send special team into the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plants, in order to protect safety and security of the power plant.

Battle of Zaporizhzhia

The Battle of Zaporizhzhia is a military battle that started on 27 February 2022, during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, as part of the 
Southern Front offensive. Zaporizhzhia is a major city along the Dnieper River in Central Ukraine.

On 26 February, the Russian 22nd Army advanced north from Crimea and began approaching the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant. The plant was set on fire and attacked by Russian forces on 3 March. 
June 18, 2023 Russian official and blogger confirms that Ukraine forces have captured the village of Piatykhatky on the western edge of the Zaporizhzhia front. Ukraine didn’t initially make a statement, but released video footage of drone strikes on Russian vehicles and troops in the area, as well as Ukrainian infantry and tanks advancing along the front.

Alevtina Kolchina

Alevtina Pavlovna Kolchina ( alternate spelling: Alevtina Koltsjina; 11 November 1930 – 1 March 2022) was a Soviet cross-country skier. She competed in four Winter Olympics, earning a total of five medals. 

Kolchina died on 1 March 2022, at the age of 91.

Bruce Johnstone (racing driver)

William Bruce Gordon Johnstone (30 January 1937 – 3 March 2022) was a South African racing driver. He participated in one Formula One World Championship Grand Prix, on 29 December 1962. He scored no championship points. Johnstone was born in Durban, South Africa.

Johnstone died on 3 March 2022, at the age of 85.

Abune Merkorios

Abune Merkorios (born Ze-Libanos Fanta; 14 June 1938 – 3 March 2022) was an Ethiopian bishop and the Fourth Patriarch of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church from 1988 until 1991.

Merkorios died on 3 March 2022, aged 83.

Maryan Wisniewski

Maryan Wisniewski (1 February 1937 – 3 March 2022) was a French footballer. He played as a forward. Wisniewski was born in Calonne-Ricouart, France. He made 33 appearances for the France national football team from 1955 to 1963. 

Wisniewski died on 4 March 2022, at the age of 85.

Darjeeling Municipality

Darjeeling Municipality is responsible for the civic administration of the town of Darjeeling, West Bengal, India. Created in 1850, it is one of the oldest city administrative units in India.

The municipality refers to the board of Councillors, with one Councillor being elected from each of the 32 wards of Darjeeling town and also some members who are chosen by the state government. The Board of Councillors elects a chairman from among its elected members.

West Bengal Police

The West Bengal Police is the police force of the Indian state of West Bengal.

The West Bengal Police was organized under the Police Act 1861 during the British Raj. It is led by the Director General of Police who reports to the State Government through the Home (Police) Department. Shri P Narajnayan, an IPS officer has held the position of Director General since March 8, 2021.

The West Bengal Police has joint authority with the twenty two revenue districts of the State as under the Police Act 1861. The other general police district consists of the major portions of the metropolitan area of Kolkata, and has a separate police force (Kolkata Police) administered under the Calcutta Police Act 1866 & Calcutta (Suburban Police) Act 1866. This type of administration, only used in India, was created during colonial times when Calcutta was the capital of British India. The city police have been kept independent of the state police force since that time.


Bureau of Indian Standards

The Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) is the National Standards Body of India under the Department of Consumer Affairs, within the Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution. It was established by the Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 2016 which came into effect on 12 October 2017. The Minister in charge of the Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution also has the position of President of the BIS. BIS has more than 500 scientific officers working as certification officers and members of technical committees.


Senchal Lake

Senchal lake, located 10 km to the south-east of Darjeeling, is the main reservoir of potable water for Darjeeling, India. The lake is located at an altitude of atop a hill. The hill also has one of the highest golf courses in the world. A tourist lodge at Senchal serves as hotel to tourists. This lake is a part of the Senchal Wildlife Sanctuary.


Valravillon

Valravillon is a commune in the Yonne department of central France. It was created on 1 January 2016 by joining of the former communes of Guerchy, Laduz, Neuilly and Villemer.


Wolf Island

Wolf Island (Spanish: "Isla Wolf") or Wenman Island is a small island in the Galápagos Islands and was named after the German geologist Theodor Wolf, who also has the volcano Wolf on Isabela Island named after him. It has an area of .

Sports Reference

Sports Reference, LLC is an American company which runs sports - based websites. These sites provided statistics for many different sports. They include Sports-Reference.com, Baseball-Reference.com for baseball, Basketball-Reference.com for basketball , Hockey-Reference.com for ice hockey, Pro-Football-Reference.com for American football, and FBref.com for association football (soccer). Between 2008 and 2020, Sports Reference also had pages for Olympic Games.

In addition to professional sports, the site also has sections on college football, college basketball and the Olympics. The sites tries to give its users all the sports data they can. For example, Baseball-Reference has more than 100,000 box scores. Pro-Football-Reference has information on every scoring play in the National Football League since 1941.

The company is based in the Mount Airy area of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was founded as Sports Reference in 2004. The company was incorporated as Sports Reference LLC in 2007.

Sports Reference added a site for the Olympic Games in July 2008. 

The company said in December 2016 that the Olympics site was to be shut down. It was being closed because of a change in its licensing agreement. Since then, data for the 2016 Summer Olympics has been added. The site was not updated for the 2018 Winter Olympics. Sports Reference closed its Olympic site on May 14, 2020.

Theodor Wolf

Franz Theodor Wolf (February 13, 1841 – June 22, 1924) was a German naturalist who studied the Galápagos Islands during the late nineteenth century. Wolf Island (Wenman Island) is named after him. 

SV Bürmoos

SV Bürmoos is a football club from Bürmoos, a community in the Salzburg-Umgebung District. The club is playing in Salzburger Liga, the 4th level of Austrian soccer and the highest league in the federal state of Salzburg.
The club was founded in March 1927 under the name SK Bürmoos. It was founded by men who played in nearby Oberndorf for 1. Oberndorfer Sportklub 1920. In 1928 the club was renamed 1. ASK (Arbeiter Sportklub) Union Bürmoos In the beginning they only played friendly matches. The first match versus Oberndorf was lost by 2:8. In 1934 the club was dissolved after the Austrian Civil War but played on under the name of SK Bürmoos.

The club was newly founded after the Second World War under the name of SK Bürmoos. On 19 April 1946 the club was named ATSV Bürmoos but still in 1946 the club was renamed SV Bürmoos.
as 5 March 2022 

Stuff (company)

Stuff Ltd (formerly Fairfax New Zealand) is a private news media corporation in New Zealand. It owns Stuff, the country`s biggest news website, and operate nine day by day newspapers,including The Dominion Post and The Press the New Zealand's second and third-highest circulation daily newspapers, and the best weekly publication, Sunday Star-Times. Stuff additionally owns social media community Neighbourly.

Tuya Inc.

Tuya Inc. is a Chinese company that works with AI and IoT solutions. The Tuya Smart platform deals with home automation.

In 2020, Tuya co-hosted a conference about smart solutions on the South-East Asian market. Over 200 companies operating in the field of IoT were at the conference. 


Paula Marosi

Paula Marosi (3 November 1936 – 4 March 2022) was a Hungarian fencer. She won a gold medal in the women's team foil event at the 1964 Summer Olympics. She won a silver in the same event at the 1968 Summer Olympics. She was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Marosi died in Budapest on 4 March 2022 at the age of 85.

Walter Mears

Walter R. Mears (January 11, 1935 – March 3, 2022) was an American journalist, author, and teacher. He was one of the people talked about in the 1973 non-fiction book "The Boys on the Bus". He helped cover the 1972 presidential election between Richard Nixon and George McGovern. He won the 1977 Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting for his coverage of the 1976 Presidential campaign and election.

Mears died on March 3, 2022 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina from cancer, aged 87.

Tim Considine

Timothy Daniel Considine (December 31, 1940 – March 3, 2022) was an American actor, writer, photographer, and automotive historian. He was in the Disney television serials "Spin and Marty" and "Hardy Boys". He also played Mike Douglas in the television series "My Three Sons" from 1960 until 1965.

Considine died at his home in the Mar Vista neighborhood of Los Angeles, California on March 3, 2022, at the age of 81.

Johnny Brown (actor)

John Brown (June 11, 1937 – March 2, 2022) was an American actor, comedian and singer. He was known for playing Nathan Bookman on the 1970s CBS sitcom, "Good Times". Brown also appeared on "The Flip Wilson Show", "The Jeffersons", "Family Matters", "Sister, Sister", "The Jamie Foxx Show", "The Wayans Bros", and "Martin". 

Brown died on March 2, 2022 at the age of 84.

Mariupol

Mariupol (, ; ; also ; ; ) is a city in south eastern Ukraine, on the north coast of the Sea of Azov. It is the tenth-largest city in Ukraine, and the second largest in the Donetsk Oblast. About 450.000 people live there.


Volnovakha

Volnovakha () is a small city in the Donetsk Oblast of Ukraine. It is the administrative center of Volnovakha Raion, one of the 18 districts of the Donetsk Oblast.


Tadeusz Borowski (actor)

Tadeusz Borowski (9 July 1941 – 4 March 2022) was a Polish actor. He was born in Warsaw, Poland. His career began in 1963. He was known for playing Eugeniusz Trushinsky in "Remember Your Name" (1974), Marian Rejewski in "Sekret Enigmy" (1979) and as Dr. Sanchez in "" (2002).

Borowski died of natural causes in Warsaw on 4 March 2022, aged 80.

Tadeusz Borowski

Tadeusz Borowski (; 12 November 1922 – 3 July 1951) was a Polish writer and journalist. He was known for writing poems about war and stories about his time as a prisoner at Auschwitz.

On July 3, 1951, at the age of 28, Borowski died by suicide by inhaling gas from a gas stove. His wife had given birth to their daughter, Małgorzata, a few days before his death.

Marian Rejewski

Marian Adam Rejewski (; 16 August 1905 – 13 February 1980) was a Polish mathematician and cryptologist. In 1932, he helped create the Enigma cipher machine. His invention helped Britain to begin reading German Enigma-encrypted messages.

Rejewski died of a heart attack caused by heart disease on 13 February 1980 in Warsaw, Poland, aged 74.

Bokermannohyla napolii

Bokermannohyla napolii is a frog that lives in southeastern Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in one place, 850 meters above sea level in Minas Gerais.

Robert Lowery (actor)

Robert Lowery (born Robert Lowery Hanks, October 17, 1913 – December 26, 1971) was an American actor. He was known for playing Batman in a 1949's "Batman and Robin" serial.

Lowery died of heart failure at the age of 58 in his Los Angeles apartment on December 26, 1971.

Lewis Wilson

Lewis Gilbert Wilson (January 28, 1920 – August 9, 2000) was an American actor. He was most famous for being the first actor to play DC Comics character Batman on screen in the 1943 serial "Batman".

2006 Portuguese presidential election

The 2006 Portuguese presidential election was held on 22 January to elect a new president to succeed Jorge Sampaio, who was term-limited. Aníbal Cavaco Silva of the Social Democratic Party candidate, the former Prime Minister, won 50.54 percent of the vote in the first round. It was the first time a right-wing candidate was elected President since the 1974 Carnation Revolution.

 Summary of the 22 January 2006 Portuguese presidential election results
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;" colspan="2" rowspan="2"|Candidates 
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;" rowspan="2"|Supporting parties 
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" colspan="2"|First round
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;"|Votes
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;"|%



Insurgency

An insurgency is an armed rebellion against authority by lightly armed small groups who practice guerrilla warfare from mostly rural base areas.


Noah Sarenren Bazee

Noah Joel Sarenren Bazee (born 21 August 1996) is a German professional footballer who plays as a right winger for club FC Augsburg.

Sarenren Bazee grew up in Walle near Celle, where he played for several clubs. In 2011, he moved to the Hanover region for TSV Havelse. In 2013, he moved to Hannover 96. He played in the Under 19 Bundesliga and the Regionalliga Nord before making his debut on April 8, 2016 against Hertha BSC both in the squad, and together with Waldemar Anton also in the starting lineup.

On 18 June 2019, FC Augsburg announced that they had signed Bazee for the upcoming season. He signed a 5-year contract.

On 24 May 2020, Bazee came on as a substitute against Schalke 04 in the 59th minute and scored his first goal for Augsburg, in a 3-0 victory.

Sarenren Bazee is available to represent Nigeria through his father and Germany through his mother. He was named to the Nigeria squad for the March 2017 friendlies against Senegal and Burkina Faso.

Ricardo Pepi

Ricardo Daniel Pepi (born January 9, 2003) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a striker for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg and the United States national team.

North Texas SC

PSV

United States

Individual


Charlie Strapp and Froggy Ball Saves The Chicken (movie)

Kalle Stropp och Grodan Boll räddar Hönan is a 1987 Swedish animated short film directed by Jan Gissberg about the two eponymous characters created by Thomas Funck. Funck also provides all voices. The film was released theatrically in Sweden on 12 December 1987.It was followed in 1991 by the feature-length film "Charlie Strapp and Froggy Ball Flying High", made by the same team.
One day Charlie Strapp's good friend The Chicken is kidnapped by two villains Pudding and Karlsson. Charlie Strapp, who has just been invited by Froggy Ball to get in his new car, constructed by Sheet-Niklas and himself mainly out of an old shoe and a well-shaken soda bottle, begins the chase. But the start is miserable as their other friend The Parrot also ends up being kidnapped. It turns out, though, that the kidnappers might not be purely evil after all: they work as stage magicians and just happen to need a hen for a trick they are performing. Charlie Strapp and the others continue to chase the kidnappers through air, on the ground and on water skis until the final showdown. Maybe they can find another trick.

Charlie Strapp Froggy Ball And Their Friends (movie)

Kalle Stropp, Grodan Boll och deras vänner is a 1956 Swedish live-action/stop-motion feature film directed by after an original script by Thomas Funck, using Funck's already well-established characters. It was followed by a shorter animated film in 1987, "Kalle Stropp och Grodan Boll räddar Hönan". This is the first time since before 1987 where a Kalle Stropp production features voice acting by others than only Funck himself, only with the exception of children that had participated in other productions as well.
Thomas Funck sits with two children and finishes writing the film's subtitles. He begins to tell:It's early in the morning. A lot of baker-clad children collect eggs in a chicken farm. Then they go to the sleeping baker and wake him up, and the baking of the day's bread can begin. When the children later go out to deliver the bread to the customers and the bakery is empty, Kalle Stropp arrives there together with Grodan Boll, Plåt-Niklas, Räven and Papegojan. They are like little insects in the big bakery. But Plåt-Nikla's cure for this. He utters a magic formula, and immediately the bakery shrinks so that the little friends can work unhindered in it. Namely, they will bake a cake to court the guard parade who turns four years old. Without the bakers noticing anything, two sotis, Sot and Tos, sneak into the bakery and steal Plåt-Niklas' propeller which he carries on his back. Then they disappear. Plåt-Niklas discovers the loss, when it's time to whip cream, and becomes very sad. Shortly afterwards, the sotis make themselves known. They have taken care of the propeller, they say. And now they will disappear forever. They should only turn off the light first. They blow - and the electric light goes out. The sotis come to Kalle Stropp's meadow, where they find an egg that they crack, empty and then hide in. Kalle Stropp, Grodan Boll, Plåt-Niklas, Räven and Papegojan come to the meadow. The fox carries the freshly baked cake. Here they meet Hönan who complains that an egg has been stolen from the chicken farm. Kalle Stropp picks up a magnifying glass and starts scouting - and soon finds the egg, the sotis' hiding place. The hen gets the egg back. While Hönan is sleeping, however, the sotis manage to escape, and then they also seize the cake, "guarded" by the equally sleeping Räven. The sotis are discovered, but they go to the beach, jump into the water and disappear with their prey. Now Kalle Stropp gets an idea. From an old boot, he and his friends build a submarine that takes them to the opposite shore. There they chase into a secret passage that they follow, guided by vultures. The aisle ends with Gubben Glömsk and Gumman Kom ihsj who offer a ride in their car - which Plåt-Niklas f ö recognizes as his aunt. Soon, however, the car stops. The petrol is out. Kalle Stropp and his friends can continue on foot. The Sotis have left clear traces that they follow. They come to a tower, and the tracks continue up the tower wall. They climb up - and are captured and bound by the sotis. But now comes the rescue in the form of the guard parade. The captain fires a cannon and threatens to fire a pea unless the sotis release their prisoners. A moment later, Kalle Stropp and his friends are freed, and Plåt-Niklas regains his propeller. The fox has saved the cake. And Frog Boll gets the conciliatory inspiration that the sotis may not be so mean after all - only they can wash themselves. The guard parade's birthday is celebrated with cake and song in a toy store. Kalle Stropp and his friends are of course there - as are the sotis, clean-washed and party-dressed. The end is good, everything is good, says Grodan Boll.

Gripsholm Castle

Gripsholm Castle () is a castle in Mariefred, Södermanland, Sweden. It is located by lake Mälaren in south central Sweden, in the municipality of Strängnäs, about 60 km west of Stockholm.



Felix Uduokhai

Felix Ohis Uduokhai (born 9 September 1997) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.


Daniel Caligiuri

Daniel Caligiuri (; born 15 January 1988) is a German-Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.

SC Freiburg

VfL Wolfsburg

Andi Zeqiri

Andi Zeqiri (born 22 June 1999) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a striker for Genk and the Switzerland national team.

Lausanne

Johan Frinsel

Johan Jacob Frinsel Sr. (Amsterdam, September 5, 1927 – Veenendaal, October 8, 2021) was a Dutch preacher, children's book writer, social worker, writer of Christian books and administrator. He belonged to the Pentecostal movement.

He did attended the primary school of Tot Heil des Volks. He then attended public education, but came into contact with the gospel and converted to the Christian faith. When he finished his studies, he went to work at an engineering firm.

His first book was published in 1950 under the title "An Adventure at School". Over the years, another twenty would follow. In 1950, he married Aaf van Bodegraven (1921-2013) They had five children, including Hans Frinsel, 

In 1967 he became director of the association . Under his leadership, the work took a new turn, opening a shelter for addicts in the Willemsstraat . In the early seventies, two schools were converted into youth hostels, one in the Jordaan and one in the red light district. In the eighties, evangelization and assistance work among prostitutes was started, under the name Scarlet Cord.

In 1969, Frinsel was elected president of the Brotherhood of Pentecostal churches. He held this position for six years. He was also active in the RPF. In 1982, he was third on the list of candidates for the House of Representatives.  The party won two seats.

From 1989 to 1998 he was vice-president of the Evangelische Omroep. At that time he was especially frequently in the news with his criticism of the Christian revival movement Toronto Blessing. Frinsel left as vice-chairman. In 2007, he publicly advised the Christen Unie not to sit in a new cabinet to be formed (the later Balkenende IV cabinet).

In 2010, Frinsel suffered a brain haemorrhage and stopped speaking and writing. 

Frinsel died at the age of 94. 

Katelyn Wright

Katelyn Wright (born 3 January 1990) is a Canadian sitting volleyball player (VS1 sitting volleyball classification). She plays as a setter. She is a member of the Canada women's national sitting volleyball team.

Wright was born with the rare Klippel-Trenaunay-Weber (KTW]) syndrome. 

She started with siting volleyball in 2014. She competed at the 2015 Parapan Am Games, 2016 Summer Paralympics, 2017 ParaVolley Pan Am, 2018 World Championships and the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Heidi Peters

Heidi Peters (born 12 October 1994) is a Canadian sitting volleyball player. She is a member of the Canada women's national sitting volleyball team.

She started with siting volleyball in 2013. She competed at the 2015 Parapan Am Games winning a bronze medal, 2016 Summer Paralympics, and 2020 Summer Paralympics.

She graduated from Northern Alberta Institute of Technology and Macewan University.

She is assistant coach MacEwan University.

Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger

Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger is a Japanese television series. It is the 35th in Toei's Super Sentai series. Its follows "Tensou Sentai Goseiger". It theme a Piracy motif and premiered on TV Asahi on February 13, 2011, joining "Kamen Rider OOO" and then "Kamen Rider Fourze" as a program in TV Asahi's Super Hero Time programming block, until "Gokaiger"s, conclusion on February 19, 2012.

"Gokaiger" is a special anniversary series. Its protagonists are able to transform into not only their own unique, pirate-themed forms, but also all of the previous 34 Super Sentai teams. Each of them have their own unique power that the Gokaigers can use. The series and related film also features reappearances of actors reprising their characters from each of the previous series.

Its footage was used for the 2014 American "Power Rangers" season, "Power Rangers Megaforce".

The story takes place in a world where previous Super Sentai groups exists. A group of young pirates come from space to Earth to obtain "The Greatest in the Universe", which can only be acquired after obtaining the "Greatest Powers" of the different 34 Super Sentai Teams. However, they end up facing the Space Empire Zangyack, whose earlier invasion forces were wiped out by the 34 Sentai groups long ago before a new invasion force is established under Commander Warz Gill, the emperor's son. As a result, due to their history with the empire, the space pirates use the powers of the older teams and attempt to master their powers to fight the Zangyack forces as the Gokaigers.

Several of the episodes in "Gokaiger" feature and focus on the actions of one of Legend Sentai. Those episodes are titled in a fashion similar to that of the original series. For example, episode 3, which features "Mahō Sentai Magiranger", has a magic spell as part of the title, while episode 7, which features "Juken Sentai Gekiranger", features one of the nonsense phrases that protagonists Jyan Kandou would use.

As part of "Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger"'s 40th anniversary celebration, the entire Gokaiger cast made a special appearance on episode 28 (September 4, 2016) and 29 (September 11th, 2016), commemorating the 1,999th an 2,000th of the Super Sentai Series, including a new updated version of the Gokaiger ED titles 'Super Hero Getter 2016'.




The series' ending theme "Super Sentai Hero Getter" lists off all of the Super Sentai series, making reference to their songs and motifs, with each of the three verses of the song being played in rotation. The first verse covers "Himitsu Sentai Gorenger" through "Choujyu Sentai Liveman", which all aired in the Shōwa period; the second covers "Kousoku Sentai Turboranger" through "Mirai Sentai Timeranger", which all aired through the remainder of the 20th century; and the last one covers "Hyakujuu Sentai Gaoranger" through "Tensou Sentai Goseiger", which were all broadcast in the 21st century.

The song is remixed into "Super Sentai Hero Getter ~ 199 ver." from their first team-up movie (eliminating all but one of the choruses) and then "Super Sentai Hero Getter ~ Now & Forever ver." in the final episode, the latter remix covering "Gokaiger" and "Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters".

A second version titled "Super Sentai Hero Getter 2016" was released in episodes 28 and 29 of "Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger" during the celebrations of the 2000th episode of the franchise, with two verses, including the first 40 Super Sentai Series. the first verse covers the 20 earlier series from "Gorenger" to "Gekisou Sentai Carranger" and the second verse covers the 20 late enteries, from "Denji Sentai Megaranger" to "Zyuohger".

A third version titled "Super Sentai Hero Getter ~Ten Gokaiger ver.~" was released in 2021 as the ending song of the film "" which celebrates the 10th anniversary of the series, including the first 45 Super Sentai Series in three verses with 15 series each, the first covering from "Gorenger" to "Chōjin Sentai Jetman", the second covering from "Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger" to "GoGo Sentai Boukenger" and the third covering from "Juken Sentai Gekiranger" to "Kikai Sentai Zenkaiger".

Feminine gender

Feminine is a grammatical gender, present in all languages ​​that have this grammatical category. It usually applies to animate objects of the female gender, but is also often used with inanimate, and in some cases animates of the male gender.

For example, in Spanish language the words "mesa" (table) and "persona" (person) are feminine and epicene, because they don't have a feminine natural gender such as the word "madrina" (godmother). Some words are feminine and inanimate, such as in Italian "tovaglia" (tablecloth) while "donna" (woman) is animate.

Julie Kozun

Julie Kozun (born 23 December 1999) is a Canadian sitting volleyball player (VS1 sitting volleyball classification). She is a member of the Canada women's national sitting volleyball team and her club Melfort Storm Volleyball Club.

When she was six years old she broke her right femur in a tobogganing accident. She played volleyball while at school with Melfort Storm in Saskatchewan. In 2015 when she was 15 years old, she had a lawnmower accident, that resulted in a left leg amputation below the knee. 

She started playing with the national team in early 2017. She played at the 2018 World Championship in the Netherlands finishing 7th. With the national team she placed 4th at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Kozun is ambassador for Canadian non-profit organisation "The War Amps", supporting people with limb deficiencies. She was awarded the Certificate of Appreciation by the mayor of Melfort in 2018.

Kozun studies Agricultural Studies at the University of Saskatchewan.

Neuter gender

Neuter (, from Greek ["udéteron"], neither one nor the other) is a grammatical gender, a linguistic class of nouns triggering specific types of inflections in associated words.

The neuter was present in most Indo-European languages ​​together with masculine and feminine. It was perhaps originally used for objects. The distinction between "masculinum", "femininum" and "neuter" was already clear to the Latin grammarians, who got this lesson from the Alexandrian grammarians.

Neuter still exists in Germanic languages, Slavic languages ​​and Greek. In the Romance languages ​​it has almost disappeared. 

"It" is a neuter pronoun.

Angelena Dolezar

Angelena Dolezar (born 12 June 1985) is a Canadian sitting volleyball player (VS1 sitting volleyball classification). She is a member of the Canada women's national sitting volleyball team.

In August 2013, Dolezar fractured her tibia, dislocated her left knee and severed the popliteal artery behind her knee after being thrown off an inflatable tube on Shuswap Lake behind a boat that turned a corner. The following month her leg had to be amputated above the knee. She had to stay for six months in hospital to recover.

She made her debut for the national team at the 2015 Pan American Games. The next year she made her Paralympic debut at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro finishing seventh. At the 2018 World Championships in the Netherlands she also finished seventh. She competed at the 2019 Parapan American Games winning a bronze medal. In February 2020, she had surgery on her left leg and was happy that the 2020 Summer Paralympics were postponed to 2021 to be able to recover from the surgery. At the Paralympics she finished with the team fourth, after losing the bronze medal match of Japan.

Dolezar studied at the University of Alberta and in 2008 received a degree in biology with a minor in French language and literature. In 2012 she received at the same university a degree in secondary education and teaching. She plans to start a master's degree in education and counselling.


Natural gender

Natural gender is a linguistic category for the sex of real life beings, both the biological sex of animals or the social identity of a person. The sex, of humans and animals, is marked in many languages by a corresponding grammatical gender and specific words. The term "sex" (or "sexus") does not apply to words that do not refer to living things. For example: the word "table" is grammatically feminine in Spanish, but tables are not "feminine". The gender of words in those languages divides words into "grammatical classes" (into genders), which require a language for all nouns.

Jillian Williams

Julie Kozun (born March 5, 1997) is an American sitting volleyball player. She competed at the 2018 World ParaVolley World Championships, and 2020 Summer Paralympics.

She graduated from Texas Lutheran University, and University of Central Oklahoma.


Whitney Dosty

Whitney Dosty (born February 25, 1988) is an American gold medal winning sitting volleyball player, former volleyball player, model and fashion designer . 

She won a gold medal at the and 2020 Summer Paralympics. She also has played professional volleyball (standing) in Puerto Rico, Switzerland, Korea, Azerbaijan and Turkey. 

When Dosty was young, she studied Ballet with Alvin Ailey, American Ballet Theatre and the Dance Theatre of Harlem in New York City She graduated from University of Arizona where she played Volleyball. After an injury to her ankle stopped her from playing (standing) volleyball, she started playing sitting volleyball. 

Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit

Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit (/inuit qaujimajatuqaŋit/, Inuktitut syllabics: ᐃᓄᐃᑦ ᖃᐅᔨᒪᔭᑐᖃᖏᑦ; sometimes Inuit Qaujimanituqangit - ᐃᓄᐃᑦ ᖃᐅᔨᒪᓂᑐᖃᖏᑦ) is an Inuktitut phrase that is usually translated as "Inuit traditional knowledge". It is abbreviated as "IQ". It comes from the verb root ""qaujima-"" meaning "to know".

Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit is the cultural and social value of the Inuit people. According to the Government of Nunavut 2013 document "Incorporating Inuit Societal Values," Inuit Qaujimajatuqangit has the following components:


The Inuit Language Protection Act of 2008 accepted the rights for people to be taught Inuktitut.

MENA

MENA refers to the acronym for the region "Middle East and North Africa."


Sanatorium

A sanatorium (also spelled sanitarium or sanitorium) is a medical facility for long-term illness. They were most often used for the treatment of tuberculosis (TB) in the late-nineteenth and early-twentieth century before the discovery of antibiotics. Sometimes, the word is used to describe different things. For example, in eastern Europe, a "sanatorium" is a type of health resort such as the Battle Creek Sanitarium. Also, a "sanitorium" is a hospital.


Mountain railway

A mountain railway is a railway that operates in a mountainous region. It may operate through the mountains by following mountain valleys and through tunnels beneath mountain passes, or it may climb a mountain to provide transport to and from the summit.

Mountain railways often use narrow gauge tracks to allow for tight curves in the track and reduce tunnel size and structure gauge, also lessening the cost of construction. Where mountain railways need to climb steep gradients, they may use steep grade railway technology, or even operate as funicular railways.

Some mountain railways have been named World Heritage Sites, such as the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway. 



Darjeeling (Lok Sabha constituency)

Darjeeling (Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India. The constituency is centered around Darjeeling in West Bengal. While five assembly segments are in Darjeeling district, one assembly segment is in Kalimpong district and one assembly segment is in Uttar Dinajpur district.

Per the Delimitation Commission's delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal, parliamentary constituency no. 4 Darjeeling is made up of the following segments from 2009:

West Bengal Fire Service

The West Bengal Fire Service is the state owned service that provides firefighting, rescue and emergency medical services to the state of West Bengal, India including the city of Kolkata. There are over 350 fire appliances that are used.
The Fire Service in West Bengal is the oldest fire service in India, created when the Calcutta Fire Brigade and Bengal Fire Service were merged in 1950 to form the organisation. The Fire Service Act was passed in 1950 and changed in 1996 with the addition of fire prevention and Fire Safety Rules. Within the service, about 8,000 firefighters with over 350 fire appliances are used in 103 fire stations.


Nebrija University

Nebrija University is a private university in Madrid, Spain. It was started in 1995.

The university has 6 specialized schools.

The degree courses are delivered in English also.


Foundations of Geopolitics

The Foundations of Geopolitics: The Geopolitical Future of Russia is a geopolitical book by Aleksandr Dugin. It has had a large effect with the Russian military, police and the people decide how the Russia deals with other countries. It has been used as a textbook in the Academy of the General Staff of the Russian military. The book was published in 1997. It was well liked in Russia. Because of the book powerful Russian politicians have taken an interest in Dugin. He was a Russian Eurasianist, fascist, and nationalist. Dugin has formed a close relationship with Russia's Academy of the General Staff.

Dugin has said that General Nikolai Klokotov of the Academy of the General Staff helped him write the book. Klokotov says this is not true.Colonel General Leonid Ivashov helped write the book.

Klokotov said that the book would "serve as a mighty ideological foundation for preparing a new military command". Dugin has said that the book has been used as a textbook in many Russian schools. Former speaker of the Russian State Duma, Gennadiy Seleznyov has "urged that Dugin's geopolitical doctrine be made a compulsory part of the school curriculum".

In "Foundations of Geopolitics", Dugin says that the United States should not have any effect on Eurasia. He wants Russia to rebuild its power through annexations and alliances.

The book says that "the battle for the world rule of Russians" has not ended. It also say that Russia is still "the staging area of a new anti-bourgeois, anti-American revolution". The Eurasian Empire will be built "on the fundamental principle of the common enemy: the rejection of Atlanticism, strategic control of the USA, and the refusal to allow liberal values to dominate us."
Military operations are not a large part of his plan. The textbook says subversion, destabilization, and disinformation should be used. They should also use Russia's gas, oil and other natural resources to pressure other countries.

Historian Timothy D. Snyder wrote in "The New York Review of Books" that "Foundations of Geopolitics" is influenced by the work of Carl Schmitt. Scmitt was a supporter of a conservative international group whose work influenced the Nazis. He also said that Dugin's was important in getting people to talk about the iideas of Eurasianism and National Bolshevism.

In 2017, news.com.au said that the book "reads like a to-do list for Putin's behaviour on the world stage".


Battery electric bus

A battery-electric bus is a bus that uses batteries as a source of power. In that respect its similar to an electric car. Sometimes, electric buses are built like a trolleybus, which can take power from an overhead line. Today, many trolleybuses also have batteries, which allow them to run in emergencies, when there's no power.

Praça do Comércio

The Praça do Comércio (; ) is a plaza in Lisbon, Portugal's capital. It is one of the largest plaza in Portugal, with an area of 175 by 175 m (574 by 574 ft), that is, 30,600 m (329,000 ft).

List of minor planets: 49001–50000


List of minor planets: 50001–51000


Cristero War

The Cristero War (in Spanish: Guerra Cristera or La Cristiada; ) is an internal Mexican conflict that occurred from 3 August 1926 to 21 June 1929, especially in the central and western parts of Mexico. The antecedents of the conflict began with the implementation of the "Calles Law", where the Catholic Church was prohibited from many laws, and also the tightening of articles 3, 5, 24, 27 and 130 of Constitution of 1917.

The rural population of central Mexico was in favor of the church and they were against the implemented Law. This conflict was also involved in the U.S. Ambassador in Mexico Dwight Morrow would break relations with the Government of the President Calles and the Church, in 1929 the "Conflict" ended of the firm of Treaty between the Federal government of Mexico and Archbishop Ruiz y Flóres to the cessed the Fire and the disintegrated the "Cristeros".

Note: The mayor battles of the "Cristero War" occurred in the States of Zacatecas, Colima, Guanajuato and Jalisco.


Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger

Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger is a Japanese television series. It is the 37th in Toei's Super Sentai series. It follows "Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters". "Kyoryuger" aired on TV Asahi from February 17, 2013 to February 9, 2014, joining "Kamen Rider Wizard" and later "Kamen Rider Gaim" in TV Asahi's "Super Hero Time" programming block. its footage would later be used for the 2015-2016 American "Power Rangers" season, "Power Rangers Dino Charge" and its follow up season, "Dino Super Charge". It had a South Korean-exclusive sequel, "Power Rangers Dino Brave Force".

Long ago in the time of dinosaurs, the Deboth Army invades Earth to the point of the extinction of the dinosaurs but they were defeated by Wise God Torin and the Zyudenryu during the first invasion. In the present day, the Deboth Army resurface as they resume their invasion. To counter the revived that, Torin selects five brave individuals who must defeat their respective Zyudenryu first in order to acquire their powers to become the "People of the Strongosaurs", the Kyoryugers.





2022 Peshawar mosque attack

On 4 March 2022, the Islamic State - Khorasan Province attacked a Shiite mosque in Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The attack killed at least 63 people and injured over 190 others.

During the late 20th and early 21st centuries in Pakistan, Islamist and sectarian attacks have been very common. Thousands of people have been killed. In 2004, their attacks became an insurgency. Three attacks in Peshawar have had triple-digit death tolls. They were a market bombing in 2009, a church bombing in 2013 and a school massacre in 2014. Many attacks have had double-digit death tolls, including those at Shia mosques in 2013 and 2015.

On 4 March 2022, a suicide bomber exploded at the Shiite Kucha Risaldar mosque in Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The attack killed at least 61 people, including the prayer leader, and injured another 196. The next day, the Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack.


Echo of Moscow

Echo of Moscow () was a 24/7 commercial Russian radio station in Moscow, Russia. It broadcast in many Russian cities. The only editor-in-chief during its existence was Alexei Venediktov.

On 1 March 2022, it was taken off the air by Roskomnadzor because of their coverage of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. On 3 March, the Board of Directors voted to close the station down.

Valeriy Chybineyev

Valeriy Viktorovich Chybineyev (; 3 March 1988 – 3 March 2022) was a Ukrainian sniper. He was commander of the sniper battalion 79th Air Assault Brigade. He fought in the war in Donbas. He was awarded the Order of the Gold Star in 2016 for his actions during a combat mission in Avdiivka. 

Chybineyev was killed in the battle of Hostomel during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine on his 34th birthday on 3 March 2022.

Battle of Antonov Airport

The Battle of Antonov Airport, also known as the Battle of Hostomel, was a battle which began on 24 February 2022, during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. It was to take control over the Antonov Airport in Ukraine.

Warner Mack

Warner McPherson (April 2, 1935 – March 1, 2022), known professionally as Warner Mack, was an American country music singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was born in Nashville, Tennessee. His best known singles were "Is It Wrong (For Loving You)" in 1957 and in 1965 "The Bridge Washed Out".

Mack died on March 1, 2022 in Nashville at the age of 86.

Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters

Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters is a Japanese television series. It is the 36th in Toei's Super Sentai series. It follows "Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger". Its theme is based on spy movies and cyber technology. The series premiered February 26, 2012 on TV Asahi, joining "Kamen Rider Fourze" and then "Kamen Rider Wizard". Its footage was used for the 2019-2020 American "Power Rangers" season, "Power Rangers Beast Morphers".

Thirteen years ago in the New Common Era calendar, the computer controlling the newly discovered energy source called Enetron was infected by a Computer virus that caused it to create the evil energy being known as Messiah who wishes to take over mankind and create a world made for machines. Though sent into subspace by the scientists' sacrifice, Messiah's actions established the formation of the Energy Management Center's Special Ops Unit from three children who were caught in the crossfire, the Go-Busters, and their Buddyroids. In the present, 2012 NCE, a mysterious figure named Enter leads a group called Vaglass on incursions to gather enough Enetron to bring Messiah back. However, training for this day, the Go-Busters and their Buddyroids are deployed to combat Vaglass's Metaroids and Megazords to protect the city's Enetron from them. Later joined by Masato Jin and his Buddyroid Beet J. Stag, the Go-Busters' resolve is strengthened once they learn the true nature of their enemy and the horrors that would result should Messiah enter their world.




Immanuel Ngatjizeko

Immanuel Ngatjizeko (30 May 1952 – 5 March 2022) was a Namibian politician. He was a member of the SWAPO Party. He was born in Otjohorongo, Namibia. He was a member of the National Assembly from 2000 until 2018. Ngatjizeko was also a member of the Namibian Cabinet from 2005 until 2018 during the Hifikepunye Pohamba and Hage Geingob presidencies.

Ngatjizeko died on 5 March 2022 in Windhoek, Namibia at the age of 69.

University College Hospital

University College Hospital (UCH) is a teaching hospital in London. It is the main building of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust

The hospital is closely associated with University College London (UCL). The hospital is on the south side of Euston Road in the Bloomsbury area of the London Borough of Camden. It is close to the main campus of University College.

Scroll

A scroll is a roll of papyrus, parchment, or paper with writing on it.

Cemetery Louyat

The Louyat cemetery is the municipal cemetery of Limoges. Wrongly presented as being one of the largest in Europe, this cemetery is nevertheless one of the largest in France. Opened in 1806, it is the main cemetery of the municipality of Limoges (which has two other small cemeteries, that of Landouge and that of Beaune-les-Mines).

Kung Fu Powerhouse

Kung Fu Powerhouse () is a 1973 Hong Kong action drama movie directed by Lung Chien and starring Kang Chin and Yasuaki Kurata.

Kuo Fu, a drug trafficker, escapes jail. Another prisoner insists on following him even after he escapes. Kuo suspects that is a cop under an assumed name.

Alfama

The Alfama is the oldest neighbourhood in Lisbon, spreading on the slope between the São Jorge Castle and the Tagus river. The district includes the "freguesias" (parishes) of São Miguel, Santo Estêvão, São Vicente de Fora and part of the two streets, "Freguesia da Sé: Rua do Barão" and "Rua São João da Praça". It have many important historical locations, as well as Fado bars and restaurants.

Its name comes from Arabic "al-ḥamma" (), meaning "hot fountains" or "baths".

The Rua do Barão is one of the streets of the Freguesia da Sé (Lisbon Cathedral), which begins at the Rua São João da Praça and ends at Rua Augusto Rosa. The toponym "Rua do Barão" is because of João Fernandes da Silveira, who was the first Baron of Alvito, minister of Portuguese kings Afonso V and João II, lived here.

Order of Liberty

The Order of Liberty (), is a Portuguese honorific civil order that is given to people who helped the cause of democracy and freedom. The order was made in 1976, after the Carnation Revolution in which the corporatist authoritarian "Estado Novo" regime ended. The Grand Collar can also be given by the President of Portugal to former Heads of State and people important to Portugal.

No. 1 (Silent Circle album)

No. 1 is the first studio album by German English-language euro disco singer Silent Circle, released in July 30, 1986. some of the tracks includes "Touch In The Night" and " "Stop The Rain In The Night" and "Anywhere Tonight".

Roman art

Roman art was created in Ancient Rome. It includes architecture, painting, sculptures and mosaic work. It was most prolific from about the first to the fourth century AD. Ancient Roman pottery was not considered to be artwork; it was for everyday use. Almost no painting survives today, and the paintings that are known are probably not the best the Romans could produce.

Ressha Sentai ToQger

Ressha Sentai ToQger is a Japanese television series. It is the 38th part of Toei's Super Sentai series. It follows "Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger". The series premiered on TV Asahi affiliates on February 16, 2014. It joined "Kamen Rider Gaim" and "Kamen Rider Drive" in the Super Hero Time programming block. The series ended on February 15, 2015. The series has a Train motif. Unlike previous series where the heroes are named after colors, the heroes in "ToQger" are numbered and regularly changed colors.

One of the props from the series was used for the 24th and 25th seasons of the American "Power Rangers" ("Power Rangers Ninja Steel" and "Power Rangers Super Ninja Steel". Both are versions of the 2015 "Sentai" series, "Shuriken Sentai Ninninger"). "ToQger" was the second "Sentai" since "Chōjin Sentai Jetman" to not be made into a season of "Power Rangers".

The series' main characters made a small appearance in the movie "". They also were at a special meet-and-greet and press conference at Tokyo Dome City in late January 2014. In October 2014, the series was given the Japan Railway Award's Special award by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism in its annual "Train Day" observance. The award was for the effect the series had on making children enjoy trains.

Only those with a great imagination can see the mystical railway known as the Rainbow Line, on which run massive train known as Ressha These Ressha are driven by five warriors known as the ToQgers, It is their mission to save towns from the evil forces of the Shadow Line who are using the residents' fear and sadness to establish their own railway to enable the coming of their leader of Emperor Z, whose intention is consume light to plunge the world into darkness. The five ToQgers are also childhood friends who are fighting to recover the memories of their hometown after it was consumed by the Shadow Line's evil. Later joined by Akira Nijino, a former Shadow Creep who reformed, the ToQgers begin a campaign to free these "Shadow Towns" from their Shadow Creep Keepers in an attempt to recover their memories while the Shadow Line itself must deal with some opposition among their own subjects.




Apple A10X

Apple A10X is a chip that was made by Apple. It has 6 cores and runs at 2.38 GHz. It is first released in 2017.

Apple A11

Apple A11 is a chip that was made by Apple. It has 6 cores and runs at 2.39 GHz. It was released in the year 2017.

Lingulodinium polyedra

Lingulodinium polyedra is a mobile photosynthetic dinoflagellate. It gives off a bioluminescent light which shows on beaches at night. It causes red tides. 

"L. polyedra" causes red tides in southern California, with bioluminescent displays on beaches at night.

The organism was first described in 1955 as a cyst, "Hystrichosphaeridium machaerophorum" from the Miocene of Balcombe Bay, Victoria, Australia. Its first appearance in the fossil record was in the Palaeocene.

The toxins from such tiny dinoflagellates accumulate in shellfish which feed on them. Mussels, scallops and clams can be the agents of food poisoning if they eat these dinoflagellates.

Keeping live shellfish in pure water for three days before cooking is a standard way to avoid this problem.

Bokermannohyla flavopicta

Bokermannohyla flavopicta is a frog that lives in southeastern Brazil. Scientists have seen it only over 1500 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 51.9–65.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 60.2–61.6 mm long. The skin on the frog's back can be gray or brown with darker brown marks. It has small yellow spots on its mouth, face, sides, legs and rear end.

Shapur I's victory relief at Naqsh-e Rustam

Shapur I's victory relief at Naqsh-e Rustam is a rock carving located 3 kilometers north of Persepolis. It is one of the eight Sassanid rock carvings in Naqsh-e Rustam.

This relief depicts a scene in which, Valerian, the Roman Emperor is kneeling before Shapur I, whom he defeated at the Battle of Edessa. This was the first and only time a Roman emperor was taken prisoner.

Caipirinha

Caipirinha is a cocktail that is prepared Cachaça, and lime. Cachaça is a liquor made from fermented sugarcane juice. When vodka is used instead of Cachaça, the drink is usually called Caiprioska.

Samsung Galaxy A03

Samsung Galaxy A03 was released in late 2021. It has a display that has a resolution of 1600 x 720 pixels. It has a 48 MP main and 2 MP depth cameras. It has an 8-core processor running at 1.6 GHz with 3 or 4 GB of RAM and 32-128 GB of storage. It supports Wi-Fi 5 (802.11ac) and Bluetooth 5.0.

Samsung Galaxy A03s

Samsung Galaxy A03s was released in late 2021. It has a display that has a resolution of 1600 x 720 pixels. It has a 13 MP main, 2 MP depth and 2 MP macro cameras. It has an 8-core processor running at 2.3 GHz with 3 GB of RAM and 32 GB of storage. It supports Wi-Fi 5 (802.11ac) and Bluetooth 5.0.

Natal

NATAL or Natal can be:






The Rebel Media

Rebel News (also known as The Rebel Media and The Rebel) is a right-wing Canadian news and politics website. It created by Ezra Levant in 2015. He described it as the Breitbart News of Canada. Many people say that it is alt-right but Levant says that it is not.

In the midst of the 2021 Canadian federal election, Justin Trudeau accused Rebel News of spreading misinformation, especially about COVID-19 vaccines.

Breitbart News

Breitbart News is a right-wing news and politics website. It was created by the libertarian political commentator Andrew Breitbart. Andrew Breitbart said that he wanted his website to be like the Huffington Post but right-wing. Andrew Breitbart died in 2012. He was replaced by Steve Bannon. In 2016, Bannon said he wanted to turn Breitbart News into "a platform for the alt-right". Bannon left Breitbart News to work for Donald Trump at the White House. He later came back to Breitbart News. Breitbart News later fired Bannon and replaced him with Alex Marlow.

Andrew Breitbart

Andrew Breitbart (February 1, 1969 - March 1, 2012) was an American conservative and libertarian political commentator. Breitbart was the founder of "Breitbart News", a conservative news and opinion website, in addition to "HuffPost", often considered a liberal website. Often considered a prominent conservative voice, Breitbart was born in Los Angeles, California. Breitbart was Jewish.

Breitbart helped in the early stages of both "HuffPost" and the Drudge Report, and later founded "Breitbart News", a conservative website intended as a right-wing "HuffPost." He was a key figure in the Anthony Weiner sexting scandal, the firing of Shirley Sherrod, and the ACORN 2009 undercover videos controversy. Upon Breitbart’s death, he was mourned by such figures as Mitt Romney, Rush Limbaugh, Glenn Beck, Tucker Carlson, and Newt Gingrich.

Breitbart was born to Irish-Americans in Los Angeles on February 1, 1969. His biological father, according to his birth certificate, was a singer of folk music. At the age of three weeks, Breitbart was adopted by a Jewish family, growing up in Brentwood, Los Angeles. Breitbart studied at Hebrew school, and had a bar mitzvah, in his youth. Theologically, Breitbart was an agnostic.

Breitbart described his upbringing as apolitical. He remained "proudly and playfully Jewish" throughout his life, albeit not religiously orthodox. He would sing Hebrew Jewish songs at work, and be teasing toward his orthodox Jewish acquaintances for their kosher diet.

Breitbart worked as a pizza delivery driver whilst in high school; he delivered to celebrities, e.g. Judge Reinhold. He earned a BA in American studies from Tulane University in 1991, graduating with "no sense of [his] future whatsoever."

In his early years, Breitbart was left-wing, shifting in his beliefs upon an epiphany, while watching the late 1991 confirmation hearings for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, due to what he considered unfounded attacks on the part of liberals based on former employee Anita Hill’s sexual harassment accusations. Breitbart described himself as a Reagan conservative, with libertarian sympathies.

Breitbart’s conservatism was refined by listening to such conservative hosts as Rush Limbaugh, igniting an interest in learning that he had suppressed as a result of his distaste for the "nihilistic musings of dead critical theorists" that had dominated his studies at Tulane. In this era, Breitbart also read Camille Paglia's book "Sexual Personae" (1990), a massive survey of Western art, literature and culture from ancient Egypt to the 20th century, which, he wrote, "made me realize how little I really had learned in college."

Breitbart self-identified as "eighty-five percent conservative, fifteen percent libertarian".

Nabucco

Nabucco is an opera by Giuseppe Verdi. Verdi composed it in 1841. It was first perfomed at La Scala, in Milan in 1842. It has two main themes, the Jews wanting to escape from Babylonian servitude, and Nebuchadnezzar II, called Nabucco, overestimating his power, and wanting to become a god. Nabucco goes insane while trying, and only when he becomes the God of the jews, is he cured from his insanity.
The opera has four acts, and performances last about 2hrs 15 minutes. Nabucco was Verdi's first successful opera.

Denzo Ishizaki

Although his birth date is officially verified as October 20, 1886, Ishizaki himself claimed to be born two years earlier, and thereby ten days older than Gengan Tonaki who would have been the second-oldest living Japanese man at the time of his death on January 24, 1997, and asserted that his birth record was "delayed by two years", which would have made Ishizaki the oldest living man in Japan after Gihei Oka's death on September 28, 1991 as well as the oldest living Japanese man overall on February 16, 1992 when Russo-Japanese War veteran Mamoru Eto, who was four days younger than Gihei Oka and had emigrated to the United States, died at age 109 years, 13 days and only the second Japanese man who became a supercentenarian, after Eiju Tsuru who died on January 11, 1990.

After Gengan Tonaki's death on January 24, 1997, Ishizaki might have become the last living man born in 1884 and also the oldest living man in the world after 115-years-old Danish-born American man Christian Mortensen's death on April 25, 1998, although the American man Johnson Parks, who died on July 17 the same year, has been suggested to have been five days older than Ishizaki and another American man, Walter Richardson who died at age 113 later on December 25, is officially verified to have been less than a year older rather than over a year younger than Ishizaki.

Ishizaki was officially verified as the oldest living Japanese person, and the first man who became Japan's oldest person after Masutaro Sato who died on October 6, 1978, after Tase Matsunaga's death on November 18, 1998.

Ishizaki died of multiple organ failure on April 29, 1999 at age 114 years, 191 days "or" 112 years, 191 days and might at the time of his death have been, along with Tase Matsunaga, the third-oldest Japanese persons ever behind Tane Ikai and Hide Ohira and the youngest of only two men who became at least 114 years old, behind Christian Mortensen.

Ishizaki was succeeded as the world's oldest living man by Spaniard Antonio Urrea, as Japan's oldest living man by Sadayoshi Tanabe and as Japan's oldest living person by Kayo Fujii, although Kamato Hongo was still believed to have been older.

Lara Jill Miller

Lara Jill Miller (April 20, 1967) is an American voice actress and attorney.


Iblis

Iblis is a character mentioned in the Quran. He is a fallen angel who refused to bow before Adam. This is because Iblis thought that he was better than Adam. Because he felt from heaven, he is often compared to Lucifer. However, Iblis is not God's enemy, he is only the enemy of djinn and humans.

Since the Quran tells about stories, the explanation is provided in books called tafsir. 
The tafsirs explain that before Adam, djinn lived on earth. Djinn have, like humans, free will. However, the djinn became more and more evil. When God was fed up with the djinn, he decided to kill the djinn by an army of angels. The leader of the angels was Iblis. After the djinn died or hid themselves from the angels, Iblis felt proud. He thought he was the favorite creature of God now. 

However, God decided to create a new creature with free will instead. Then God commanded Iblis to bow before Adam as a sign of respect. Iblis was disappointed and felt that this command was unjust. Instead, he wanted to destroy humans as he destroyed the djinn before. Because of his arrogant actions, he was dismissed from his angelic duties. When Iblis lost his angelic nature, he became a devil and was not able to return to heaven. Some scholars also add, that his name before his fall was Azazel, but his name became Iblis when he turned into a devil. As a devil, he wants to prove that the other creatures are inferior to him.

Since the tafsir is an explanation, disagreements are also recorded. The story of Iblis is not mentioned in the Quran, but is explained by Muhammad 's followers. Two followers disagreed. Ibn Abbas said that Iblis was an angel called Azazel, who was made from fire and he was the leader of the angels. Hasan Basri said, that he was not a real angel, since angels would not make bad decisions. He argues, that Iblis has always been a devil. Therefore, traditional Muslims have one of these two views about Iblis.

Islam scholars explain the meaning and purpose of the story for the Muslims. First, they explain, Iblis did not create evil. This is different from some Christians and Zoroastrianism who believe that Satan creates evil. Muslims believe that God creates both good and evil, but evil has a better purpose in the end.

Next, Muslims should not compare themselves to others (not be envious), because Iblis sinned when he compared himself to Adam. Muslims should also not be arrogant, since Iblis was arrogant. 

Iblis is also said to have children. His own children are called "shayāṭīn" (satans or devils). They come from eggs, because Iblis has no gender. Next, humans and remaining djinn who decide to become evil, also turn into devils and are Iblis' children. Since Iblis' children betrayed God, Iblis does not like them. Instead, he betrays his own people whenever he meets God or his angels. This is, for example, supposed to have happened at a battle between Muhammad and his enemies.

Harut and Marut

Harut and Marut are a pair of angels mentioned in the Qur'an. These angels are send down to earth and teach sorcery. Practicing sorcery is a sin Islam, so some Muslim theologians wondered how angels could do that. Some reject that Harut and Marut are really angels and that they are merely kings (in Arabic "kings" and "angels" are simialr words). Others argue that knowing or teaching sorcery isn't a sin. Only praticing it is a sin, like knowing to build an idol isn't a sin, but worshipping an idol is.

Muhammad's companions say that Harut and Marut have been angels in heaven who were outraged by human's sin. God then made a bet with the angels, that they wouldn't be better, if they lived on earth with human urges. They agreed but actually sinned on earth and so they were not allowed to return to heaven. Further, they have to choose their punishment, either in this world or in hell. They choose earth, and so they became (fallen) angels tempting people into sorcery.

Grand Duchy of Moscow

The Grand Duchy of Moscow, Muscovite Russia, Muscovite Rus' or Grand Principality of Moscow (; or Muscovy in English from the Latin ) was a principality in Rus'. It was in the late Middle Ages in Moscow. It was before Tsardom of Russia which was made in the early modern period. It was ruled by the Rurik dynasty.

List of minor planets: 51001–52000


List of minor planets: 52001–53000


List of minor planets: 53001–54000


List of minor planets: 54001–55000


List of minor planets: 55001–56000


Juan Ayala

Juan Pelayo Ayala Cáceres (born 1942) is a Paraguayan footballer. He played in five games for the Paraguay national football team in 1963. He was also the member of Paraguay's squad for the 1963 South American Championship.

White Star Line

The White Star Line (for its acronym: RK

) was a British shipping line founded in 1845 in the Liverpool-Australia service, in 1868 it would be renamed the Oceanic Steam Navigation Company (OSNC) now operating via North America, throughout its history it would be one of the most important shipping companies in the British Empire until its merger with the rival Cunard Line in 1934.

This shipping company is best known for being the owner of the famous ocean liner RMS Titanic, famous for having sunk in the Atlantic Ocean after colliding with an iceberg, also for having owned the HMHS Britannic, which sank in the Aegean Sea in Greece during WWI, and the RMS Olympic. the only Olympic-class ocean liner to have survived until her scrapping at Rosyth, Scotland along with the Mauretania in 1935.

The Company was founded in 1845 for transport between the British Isles and Australia by "John Pilkington" and "Henry Wilson", due to the start of the Australian Gold Rush in 1851, they would operate only three Clippers ships, the Red Jacket, Blue Jacket and Tayleur which would serve on the Liverpool-Australia service, the Tayleur would sink off the coast of Ireland during her maiden voyage in 1854, the company would go bankrupt in 1868 with an incredible debt of £527,000 (£57,000,000 in 2019 prices).

The company would be bought by the investor and founder of the National Line, Thomas Henry Ismay, who would buy it for just £1,000 (£102,900, at 2019 prices) and which would rename the "Oceanic Steam Navigation Company", even though the trade name would be would keep "White Star Line".




ESPNcricinfo

ESPNcricinfo (previously called Cricinfo or CricInfo) is a sports activities news website dedicated for the sport of cricket. The website includes information, articles, live scores of cricket games (along with scorecards), and StatsGuru, a database of historic games from the 18th century to the latest. The website, at the start conceived in a prior-World Wide Web(www) shape in 1993 by Simon King. In 2002 Wisden Group bought it and then in 2007 it was sold to ESPN, together owned by The Walt Disney Company and Hearst Corporation. 

Jordan's casque-headed tree frog

Jordan's casque-headed tree frog ("Trachycephalus jordani") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Scientists have only seen it below 1000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 6.6 to 8.4 cm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 7.7 to 9.8 cm long. The adult frog has large feet for its size. It has disks on its toes for climbing.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It lives in trees. Scientists have seen it in secondary forests, in some drier areas, and near the edges of places that human beings have changed. It goes into holes in trees to rest. It uses its head to cover the opening in the hole.

The frog is named after Dr. David S. Jordan of Leland Stanford Junior University of California.

Frankfurt Galaxy (ELF)

The Frankfurt Galaxy are an American football team in Frankfurt, Germany, that plays in the European League of Football (ELF).

The Frankfurt franchise was announced in November 2020, as part of the inaugural season of the European League of Football. 
In March 2021, ELF announced it has reached an agreement with the NFL, to be able to use the team names from the days of NFL Europe. On the same day, it was announced Frankfurt will use the previous name of Frankfurt Galaxy. The logo represents a galaxy in the colors purple and gold. The Galaxy are playing their home games at the PSD Bank Arena.

The team's honours:


ISO 3166-2:DE

ISO 3166-2:DE is the entry for Germany in ISO 3166-2, it is part of ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which give codes for the names of subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.


SAP

SAP SE () is a German multinational software company based in Walldorf, Baden-Württemberg. They make enterprise software to manage business operations and customer relations.

Weinheim

Weinheim () is a town with about 43,000 people living there in northwest Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is in the Rhine-Neckar Metropolitan Region, about north of Heidelberg and northeast of Mannheim. Weinheim is known as the "Zwei-Burgen-Stadt", the "town of two castles", because of the two fortresses at the edge of the Odenwald in the east.

Walldorf

Walldorf is a town in the Rhein-Neckar-Kreis district in the state of Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Mühlhausen (Kraichgau)

Mühlhausen is a town in the district of Rhein-Neckar in Baden-Württemberg in Germany. Mühlhausen has three districts.

Baden-Württemberg Cooperative State University

The Baden-Württemberg Cooperative State University (German: "Duale Hochschule Baden-Württemberg", DHBW) is an institution of higher education in Germany. It had many campuses in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The university offers dual-education (or also cooperative education) bachelor's-degree programs. These programs are taught with industry and non-profit institutions in the areas of business administration, engineering and social services. In 2011, the university started a limited master's program.

Dom

Dom or DOM may refer to:

Iago (footballer, born 1997)

Iago Amaral Borduchi (born 23 March 1997) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.


Fredrik Jensen (footballer, born 1997)

Hans Fredrik Jensen (born 9 September 1997) is a Finnish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder and winger for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg and the Finland national team.


Frederik Winther

Frederik Franck Winther (; born 4 January 2001) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.

Alfreð Finnbogason

Alfreð Finnbogason (born 1 February 1989) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays as a striker for K.A.S. Eupen and the Iceland national team.

Breiðablik

Olympiacos

Individual


André Hahn

André Hahn (born 13 August 1990) is a German footballer who plays as a winger and forward for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.


Lasse Günther

Lasse Günther (born 21 March 2003) is a German footballer who plays as a winger for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.


Street Fighter Alpha 3

Street Fighter Alpha 3, released as in Asia, South America, and Oceania, is a 2D competitive fighting game released by Capcom for the arcade in 1998. It's the third and final game in the "Street Fighter Alpha" sub-series, which serves as a sequel to "Street Fighter Alpha 2", and ran on the CP System II hardware as the previous "Alpha" games. The game was produced after the "Street Fighter III" sub-series has started, being released after "", but before "". "Alpha 3" expanded the playable player roster from "Street Fighter Alpha 2" and added new features such as fighting styles called "isms".

Katalin Novák

Katalin Éva Novák (born 6 September 1977) is a Hungarian politician. She was the President of Hungary from 2022 until 2024. She was the first female president of Hungary’. She is a member of Fidesz. Novák was a member of the National Assembly from 2018 to 2022, and was Minister for Family Affairs in the fourth Orbán Government from 2020 until 2021.

Visa Inc.

Visa Inc. (; stylized as VISA) is an American multinational financial services corporation. They are headquartered in Foster City, California, United States. It uses electronic funds transfers throughout the world through Visa-branded credit cards, debit cards and prepaid cards.

Visa is the world's second-largest card payment organization (debit and credit cards combined), after being surpassed by China UnionPay in 2015, based on annual value of card payments transacted and number of issued cards. However, because UnionPay's size is based primarily on the size of its domestic market in China, Visa is still considered the dominant bankcard company in the rest of the world, where it commands a 50% market share of total card payments.

No-fly zone

A no-fly zone, also known as a no-flight zone (NFZ), or air exclusion zone (AEZ), is a territory or area created by a military power over which specific aircraft are not allowed to fly. Such zones are usually created in an enemy power's territory during a conflict to stop air attacks.

Havryshivka Vinnytsia International Airport

Vinnytsia International Airport () was an airport near the village of Havryshivka. It served for the city of Vinnytsia in the Vinnytsia region of Ukraine. 

The resort was opened in 1983 and was used for local, interregional and later international routes. Regular flights were operated until 1999. 

On March 25, 2018, UIA began operating regular flights between Kyiv's Boryspil Airport and Vinnytsia. 

The airport was destroyed on 6 March 2022 when it was hit by eight missiles during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Şenol Birol

Şenol Birol (1936 – 3 March 2022) was a Turkish footballer. She played as a forward. Birol played for Beşiktaş and Fenerbahçe. He also played for the national team from 1960 until 1963. His played career lasted from 1958 until 1970. Birol was born in Rize, Turkey.

Birol died on 3 March 2022 in Rize at the age of 86.

Jun Misawa

Jun Misawa ( "Misawa Jun"; 1 October 1952 – 3 March 2022) was a Japanese baseball player and politician. He was a member of the New Frontier Party, the Liberal Party, and the New Conservative Party. He was in the House of Representatives from 1996 to 2000. Misawa was born in Hamada, Japan. He played for the Chunichi Dragons and Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters baseball teams.

Misawa died at a hospital in Nagoya, Japan on 3 March 2022 from problems caused by mesothelioma, at the age of 69.

Juan Pablo de Laiglesia

Juan Pablo de Laiglesia y González de Peredo (6 August 1948 – 4 March 2022) was a Spanish politician. He was Secretary of State for International Cooperation and President of the Spanish Agency for International Development Cooperation from 2018 to 2020. He was Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs from July to November 2010. He was born in Madrid, Spain.

Laiglesia died on 4 March 2022 in Madrid at the age of 73.

Roberto Rivas Reyes

Roberto José Rivas Reyes (6 July 1954 – 5 March 2022) was a Nicaraguan politician and lawyer. He was President of the Supreme Electoral Council (CSE). Rivas became a CSE magistrate in 1995 and five years later became its president. He resigned in 2018. He was born in Managua, Nicaragua.

Rivas Reyes died on 5 March 2022 at a hospital in Managua, at the age of 67 from sepsis caused by COVID-19.

Wilhelm Huberts

Wilhelm Huberts (22 February 1938 – 6 March 2022), also known as Willi Huberts, was an Austrian football player. He was born in Voitsberg, Austria. His playing career lasted from 1955 until 1975. Huberts played for the Austria national football team from 1959 until 1960, making four appearances. Huberts also managed LASK from 1976 until 1978.

Huberts died on 6 March 2022, at the age of 84.

Voitsberg

Voitsberg () is a small city in the district of Voitsberg in Styria, Austria.

Geraldo Melo

Geraldo José da Câmara Ferreira de Melo (12 July 1935 – 6 March 2022) was a Brazilian businessman and politician. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party. Melo was Governor of Rio Grande do Norte from 1987 to 1991. He was later elected to the Federal Senate, from 1995 to 2003. Melo was born in Campo Grande, Brazil.

Melo died of lung cancer in Natal, Brazil on 6 March 2022, at the age of 86.

Campo Grande, Rio Grande do Norte

Campo Grande, formerly Augusto Severo is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte in the Northeast region of Brazil.

Frank O'Farrell

Francis O'Farrell (9 October 1927 – 6 March 2022) was an Irish football player and manager. O'Farrell played as a wing half for Cork United, West Ham United and Preston North End. He made over 300 appearances in the Football League. He played for the Republic of Ireland national team, making nine appearances between 1952 and 1959.

O'Farrell died on 6 March 2022, at the age of 94.

Pau Riba

Pau Riba i Romeva (7 August 1948 – 6 March 2022) was a Spanish folk rock guitarist. Riba was born in Palma de Mallorca, Spain. He started working during the 1960s during the counterculture. 

Riba died from pancreatic cancer on 6 March 2022, at the age of 73.

Lynda Baron

Lilian Baron (24 March 1939 – 5 March 2022), known professionally as Lynda Baron, was an English actress, comedian, and singer. She is best known for playing Auntie Mabel in "Come Outside" (1993–1997), Nurse Gladys Emmanuel in the BBC comedy series "Open All Hours" (1976–1985) and its sequel, "Still Open All Hours" (2013–2016), and Linda Clarke in "EastEnders" in (2006; 2008–2009; 2016). Baron was born in Urmston, Lancashire, England.

Baron died on 5 March 2022, aged 82.

Avraham Hirschson

Avraham Hirchson (, 11 February 1941 – 7 March 2022) was an Israeli politician. He was a member of the Knesset for Likud and Kadima between 1981 and 1984, and again from 1992 until 2009. He was Minister of Communications (2006), Minister of Finance (2006–2007) and Minister of Tourism (2005–2006). He resigned after being accused of corruption. He lost his re-elected to the Knesset in 2009. Hirschson was born in Tel Mond, Mandatory Palestine.

Hirschson died on 7 March 2022, aged 81.


Spanish peseta

The peseta (, ) was the currency of Spain between 1868 and 2002. It was also a used in Andorra (which had no national currency with legal tender).

Shahnawaz Tanai

Lieutenant General Shahnawaz Tanai (Russian: Шахнаваз Танай, 1950 – 7 March 2022) was an Afghan politician and general officer. He was both the Chief of General Staff of the Afghan National Army and Minister of Defence from 1988 until 1990. Tanai was born in Khost, Afghanistan.

Tanai died on 7 March 2022, aged 72.

Niklas Dorsch

Niklas Bernd Dorsch (born 15 January 1998) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.


Raphael Framberger

Raphael Framberger (born 6 September 1995) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.

Volkskammer

The Volkskammer (, "People's Chamber") was the unicameral legislature of the German Democratic Republic (colloquially known as East Germany). It was a bicameral legislature with a senate but was dissolved in 1952. This legislature was disbanded on October 3, 1990 and replaced by the Bundestag.

Michael Deaver

Michael Keith Deaver (April 11, 1938 – August 18, 2007) was an American politician. He was a member of President Ronald Reagan's White House staff as White House Deputy Chief of Staff under James Baker III and Donald Regan from January 1981 until May 1985.

On March 18, 1987, Deaver was convicted of perjury for congressional testimony he had submitted. He was convicted on three of five counts of perjury. He was sentenced to three years in prison, but the sentence was reduced to three years of probation.

Deaver died of pancreatic cancer on August 18, 2007, at age 69 at his home in Bethesda, Maryland.

Eberhard Goldhahn

Eberhard Goldhahn (8 March 1927 – 2 March 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. He was in the Volkskammer and the Bundestag in 1990.

Goldhahn died on 2 March 2022, at the age of 94.

Brahim Boutaleb

Brahim Boutaleb (; 31 December 1937 – 1 March 2022) was a Moroccan historian, academic, and politician. He was born in Fez, French Protectorate in Morocco, France. He was a professor at Mohammed V University. From 1977 until 1983, Boutaleb was a member of the House of Representatives.

Boutaleb died on 1 March 2022 at the age of 84.

French protectorate in Morocco

The French protectorate of Morocco (; ), also known as French Morocco, was the French military occupation of a large part of Morocco. It was a colonial regime of France. The protectorate was established 30 March 1912. This regime lasted until 1956.

Fairford

Fairford is a small town in Gloucestershire, England. The town is in the Cotswold hills on the River Coln, east of Cirencester, west of Lechlade and north of Swindon. Nearby are RAF Fairford and the Cotswold Water Park.

Selim I

Selim I (10 October 1470 – 22 September 1520), also known as Selim The Grim or Selim the Resolute, was the 9th Sultan and the 1st caliph of the Ottoman Empire. He is known for his conquest of the Mamluk Sultanate, which made him caliph, and also for being the father of Suleiman the Magnificent. He is also known for crushing the power of the Safavids in the Battle of Chaldiran. He ruled between 1512 and 1520.

Selim was born on October 20, 1470, and was the youngest son of Bayezid II. Most historians believed that Ayşe Hatun was his wife.

Selim killed his 7 brothers and their 5 sons to capture the throne. He left his son Suleiman as the only heir.

Selim’s ambitions circled through Europe and Asia. Bayezid had left the Europeans relatively quiet and so the new King first turned to the east and picked the Safavids of Iran as his first victims. The relationship between the Ottomans and the Mamluks was hostile. Both states fought for control of the spice trade, and Selim dreamed of eventually taking control of the Holy Cities of Islam. He crushed the Safavid Iranian Empire and took control of what is now Armenia, Georgia, Chechnya, Dagestan and Azerbaijan. He then defeated and crushed the Mamluks and took control of the holy Islamic cities of Mecca and Medina. His conquest of Egypt finally gave him a base to launch attacks in the west, in North Africa. After defeating the Iranian Safavids, he captured the strategic cities of Tabriz and Baghdad. After he defeated the Mamluk Sultanate of Cairo, he captured the entire Levant region and eventually conquered Egypt itself and captured Cairo. That effectively destroyed the Mamluk Sultanate and put an end to it. He captured all of its territories up to Libya in the west. He proceeded to turn his new territories into administrative divisions, the largest of them was the province of Syria. He also turned Egypt into a province with Cairo as its capital, but Egypt became under direct Ottoman control from the Ottoman capital, Constantinople.

John Bosco

John Melchior Bosco (; 16 August 1815, 31 January 1888), popularly known as Don Bosco , was an Italian Roman Catholic priest, educator, and writer. He worked in Turin, where the population suffered of illnesses because of of industrialization and urbanization, he dedicated his life to the education of street children, juvenile delinquents, and other youth. He developed teaching methods based on love rather than punishment, a method that became known as the Salesian Preventive System.

Pope Pius XII proclaimed John Bosco a patron of Catholic publishers in 1949. Bosco had been popularly known as the patron saint of illusionists, on 30 January 2002, Silvio Mantelli petitioned Pope John Paul II to declare Bosco formally to the patron of stage magicians. Catholic stage magicians who practice gospel magic venerate Bosco by offering free magic shows to underprivileged children on his feast day.

Bosco's work was carried on by an early pupil, collaborator, and companion, Michael Rua, who was appointed rector major of the Salesian Society by Pope Leo XIII in 1888.

He is remembered in the Church of England with a commemoration on 31 January.

Jean-Yves Raimbaud

Jean-Yves Stephane Marcel Raimbaud (February 27, 1958 – June 28, 1998) was a French animator and screenwriter. He is known for creating the animated series, ""Oggy and the Cockroaches"," which officially debuted on September 6, 1998, on the television channel France 3. Raimbaud died in June 1998.

Raimbaud was born on the 27th February in 1958, in Évreux, France. At the age of 14, he abandoned his studies in favor of training as a painter. He made his debut in drawing, although initially, he mainly drew billboards.

In 1975, he joined a small animation studio called DIC Entertainment, founded by Jean Chalopin. This was where he learned how to make cartoons. In the studio, he met the directors Bruno Bianchi ("Inspector Gadget") and Bernard Deyriès ("The Mysterious Cities of Gold").

In 1986, Raimbaud created his own studio, Jingle, with Christian Masson ( an advertiser and producer). 

It was not until 1988 that Jingle itself made a series: "Manu", created by cartoonist Frank Margerin. 104 episodes were shown on La Cinq, starting in March 1990. In 1992, the bankruptcy of La Cinq caused the closure of many companies, and in 1993, Jingle became bankrupt.

By then, Raimbaud was well known, and Gaumont Film Company hired him to revive the films of Asterix and Lucky Luke that were last produced in the 1970s. Raimbaud was promoted to artistic director of the new studio, Gaumont Multimedia. Raimbaud began working on "Highlander: The Series" for M6. During this time, he also created the series ""The Little Witches"." The series was produced by Millésime Productions for TF1, and it was sold cheaply in Europe. Raimbaud created the series ""Home to Rent"" in the style of 1950s cartoons. The title of the series became ""Space Goofs"" during its broadcast in France in September 1997. The series became one of the most popular programs introduced. It was also exported beyond France. 

Raimbaud had been diagnosed with lung cancer in the early 1990s according to a doctor, and he died of it on June 28, 1998, in Paris, France.

"Space Goofs" was popular with children and adults. It received a second season in the 2000s, a single of "Monster Men" (the theme song, by Iggy Pop), a few DVD releases, a video game adaptation co-produced by Ubisoft Entertainment, and an unfinished film adaptation that only had one preview available online. 

However, "Oggy and the Cockroaches" became his longest-running franchise, due to it being under Xilam's ownership – receiving 7 seasons, 2 spinoffs ("Oggy Oggy" and "Oggy and the Cockroaches Next Generation"), and . The series was also popular in certain countries including India. Both of these television series were officially available within their official YouTube channels.

Los Alegres de Terán

Los Alegres de Terán (traducted to English: The Cheerfuls of Teran) was a Mexican norteño music group from General Terán, Nuevo León.

It was formed in the mid-1940s by "Eugenio Abrego" and "Tomas Ortiz", they were originally located in Monterrey, although in 1960 they would move to McAllen, Texas.

The greatest successes of the group would be: "Carta Jugada", "Alma Enamorada", and "Entre Copa y Copa". 

Don Michael Paul

Donald Michael Paul (born April 17, 1963) is an actor, director, writer, and producer.

He starred in the films "Heart of Dixie" and "Rich Girl" with Jill Schoelen and appeared in "Aloha Summer". He wrote the screenplay for "Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man". He acted in the short-lived 1992 CBS detective series "The Hat Squad". He played a prominent role in "Models Inc." and "Robot Wars".

He has directed several films, including "Half Past Dead" in 2002, "" (2012), and "".

Dave Hill (actor)

David Hill (born 16 October 1945) is a English actor. He was born in Skipton, West Riding of Yorkshire, where he attended Ermysted's Grammar School for boys. He has appeared in "The Full Monty" as well as many other films and television shows. He is best known for portraying the role of Bert Atkinson in "EastEnders" from 2006 to 2007, with a brief return in 2017.

Slapstick comedy

Slapstick is a style of humor involving exaggerated physical activity.

Castelnuovo Don Bosco

Castelnuovo Don Bosco, formerly Castelnuovo d'Asti (Piedmontese: "Castelneuv d'Ast") is a "comune" (municipality) in the province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, it is about east of Turin and about northwest of Asti. It is on a hill near the confluence of the Nevissano and Bardella.

Valentin Inzko

Valentin Inzko (born 22 May 1949) is an Austrian diplomat who served as the High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina from 2009 to 2021.

High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina

The High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina, together with the Office of the High Representative (OHR) in Bosnia and Herzegovina, were created in 1995 immediately after the signing of the Dayton Agreement which ended the 1992–1995 Bosnian War. The purpose of the High Representative and the OHR is to make sure civilian follow the Dayton agreement.

Andrey Kurkov

Andrey Kurkov (born 1961) is a Ukrainian writer who writes in Russian.

He is the author of 19 novels; One of them is the bestseller, "Death and the Penguin".

He is the chief of PEN in Ukraine.

As of 2024, he writes war diaries.

Books translated to English,

Death and the Penguin, year 2001

Penguin Lost, 2005

A Matter of Death and Life, 2005

The Penguin Novels, 2006

The Case of the General's Thumb, 2009

The World of Mr Big Forehead 

The President's Last Love, 2009

The Good Angel of Death, 2010

The Milkman in the Night, 2011

The Gardener from Ochakov, 2013

The Bickford Fuse, 2016

Grey Bees, 2020

Diary from an Invasion 2022


Elsa Klensch

Elsa Klensch ( Aeschbacher; 21 February 1930 – 4 March 2022) was an Australian-American journalist, novelist, and television personality, often working in the world of fashion.

She was the producer and host of "Style with Elsa Klensch", CNN's weekly fashion and design television program, which ran from 1980 to 2001.

Klensch was born on 21 February 1930 in Cooranbong, in the Lake Macquarie District of New South Wales, to Johann Ernst and Mary Margaret (née Miles) Aeschbacher. She was married to Charles Klensch, whom she met in Hong Kong while he was on leave from his post as Saigon, South Vietnam, news bureau manager for the American Broadcasting Company. They were married in 1966 in wartime Saigon and then settled in New York City.

Klensch worked at the "Sydney Telegraph", "Australian Broadcasting Corporation", and the Public Information Office of the Territory of Papua and New Guinea. She edited the "Hong Kong Trade Bulletin", "Women's Wear Daily", and was senior fashion editor at "Vogue", "Harper's Bazaar", "New York Post", and for WCBS-TV. She hosted and produced "Style with Elsa Klensch", which ran from 1980 to 2000 on CNN. She also authored four mystery novels.

Her honors included:

She served on the Kent State University Fashion Department Advisory Board.

New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art acquired the CNN archive of a thousand weeks of "Style with Elsa Klensch" for its Costume Institute.

Member and former vice president of the Fashion Group International. 

Member of The Authors Guild, the Society of Authors (UK), Mystery Writers of America, and Sisters in Crime.

Klensch died in New York City on 4 March 2022, at the age of 92.


Tokyu 9000 series

The is a Japanese model of electric multiple unit (EMU) commuter trains. They are operated by Tokyu Corporation. Tokyu Car Corporation built 14 eight-car sets and a five-car set between 1986 and 1991 to be used on the Toyoko and Oimachi lines. They entered service in March 1986. Between 2009 and 2013, the 9000 series sets used on the Toyoko Line were transferred to the Oimachi Line.

The Toyoko Line fleet consisted of 14 eight-car sets, formed as follows.


Oimachi Line sets are formed as follows.

Passenger accommodation consists primarily of longitudinal seating. Priority seating—which is composed of transverse seating bays—is provided.

Vanessa Silva

Ana Vanessa da Cruz Silva (born in Ajuda, Lisbon on October 5, 1981 ) is a Portuguese singer, songwriter and actress . She became popular when she participated in TVI 's "Academia de Estrelas" program, where she gained 3rd place.

She also used the name Ana Vanessa, Ana Silva and Vanessa Marques. In the art industry, she is known only by her first name, Vanessa .

San Vitale

San Vitale is a church, in Ravenna, Italy. It was probably started in 537, and consecrated in 547. It is an example of early Byzanite art and architecture. Its style show the influences of the Eastern Roman empire. It is described as a basilica, even though its design is not typical for one. It is well-known because of its mosaics, which show emperor Justinian I with his wife. Because of its importance, Pope John XXIII made it a basilica minor in 1960. 

Together with other structures in Ravenna, it is an UNESCO World Heritage site.

List of minor planets: 56001–57000


List of minor planets: 57001–58000


List of minor planets: 58001–59000


List of minor planets: 59001–60000


Superatom

Superatoms are atoms that have the power to mimic any element property. They were built when chemists had noticed that certain arrangements of atoms acted as scaled up versions of a single atom of a different kind. The electrons are in shells around it's core, with determine chemical properties of an atom, in which the superatom takes those characteristics. Normal atoms have their own properties, but superatoms can mimic any properties.

Reece Oxford

Reece Joel Oxford (born 16 December 1998) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg. Oxford made his debut for West Ham United aged 16 years and 198 days, making him the club's youngest ever player, beating a record of 16 years and 221 days set in 1922 by Billy Williams.

Oxford was born in Edmonton, London, and was a childhood supporter of Arsenal. He began playing football at Tottenham Hotspur's academy but was released from the club in 2011. He then joined West Ham United at under-13 level. He turned out for the under-18 team while still an under-15 schoolboy, and made the bench for a League Cup match in August 2014, still aged 15.

On 11 January 2015, Oxford signed a long-term professional contract with West Ham. Four months later, he won the Dylan Tombides Academy Player of the Year Award.

Oxford made his competitive, first team debut on 2 July 2015, aged 16, starting in midfield in a 3–0 win against Andorran club Lusitanos in a UEFA Europa League first qualifying round first leg draw. In so doing, he became West Ham's youngest ever player. He then made his Premier League debut on 9 August, playing the first 79 minutes before being substituted for Kevin Nolan as West Ham won 2–0 away to Arsenal. Following his start, Oxford became the second-youngest Premier League starter of all-time, after Jose Baxter.

Ahead of the 2016–17 season, Oxford was named in "The Daily Telegraph"'s list of the best youth prospects in English football. On his 18th birthday, 16 December 2016, Oxford signed a new, four-and-a-half year contract with West Ham. Just over one month later, he was sent on loan to Reading for the remainder of the season. He made his Reading debut on 11 March 2017 in a 3–0 away defeat to Preston North End, coming on as a second-half substitute for Paul McShane. He made five appearances, his final match being the 8 April away loss to Norwich City, 7–1.

On 21 June 2017, Oxford was sent on loan to Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach for the 2017–18 season. He did not make his debut until 28 October when he came on as an 89th-minute substitute for Lars Stindl in a 1–3 win against Hoffenheim. On 12 December, Oxford made his first league start for "Gladbach", against Freiburg. After the match, sporting director Max Eberl praised Oxford's development during his time at the club and stated talks had taken place over a permanent deal. His loan was cut short and he returned to West Ham on 29 December 2017.

On 31 January 2018, Oxford was loaned to Borussia Mönchengladbach again.

On 31 January 2019, Oxford again went out on loan, this time joining Bundesliga club FC Augsburg until the end of the season. Oxford made nine appearances for Augsburg, his final game coming in the last day of the Bundesliga season in an 8–1 defeat by Wolfsburg. On 2 August 2019, Oxford joined Augsburg permanently on a four-year deal.

Oxford has played for England up to under-20 level and captained his country at the 2015 UEFA European Under-17 Championship. The Young Lions reached the quarter-finals, and Oxford scored in the penalty shootout as they defeated Spain in a play-off for the 2015 U-17 World Cup. West Ham refused permission for him to play in the U17 World Cup in Chile, fearing that playing in an international football tournament would lead to burnout.

UEFA.com has described his playing style as, "Tall and quick, he is not daunted in the face of illustrious opponents." On several occasions, Oxford has been compared to former West Ham academy graduate Rio Ferdinand.

Oxford is of Jamaican descent through his grandfather. His grandfather, Karl, is the brother of the Jamaican footballer Neville Oxford. In December 2018, Oxford was the victim of a theft when his 18-carat Rolex watch was stolen from the changing rooms at West Ham's Chadwell Heath training ground.




Tomáš Koubek

Tomáš Koubek (born 26 August 1992) is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg and the Czech Republic national team.

Stade Rennais
Czech Republic
Czech Republic U19 


Tim Civeja

Tim Civeja (born 4 January 2002) is a German footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Bundesliga club FC Augsburg.

Civeja played in his youth for TaF Glonntal, before joining the academy of FC Augsburg in 2015. He made his professional debut for Augsburg's first team in the Bundesliga on 16 January 2021, coming on as a substitute in the 87th minute for Rani Khedira against Werder Bremen. The away match finished as a 0–2 loss.

Civeja has appeared for the Germany under-18 and under-19 national teams.

Civeja was born in Dachau, Bavaria, and is of Albanian descent. His father is from Berat and his mother is from Kuçovë.


Markus Weinzierl

Markus Weinzierl (born 28 December 1974) is a German football coach, who last managed 1. FC Nürnberg.

As the manager of Jahn Regensburg, a position he held from 2008 to 2012, Weinzierl achieved promotion into the 2. Bundesliga. On 17 May 2012, Weinzierl was hired as the new manager of FC Augsburg, and was there for four years until he left the club to join Schalke 04.

Weinzierl was hired on 24 November 2008. His first match was a 0–0 draw against Wuppertaler SV on 29 November 2008. Jahn Regensburg finished the 2008–09 season in 15th place and the following season in 16th place. Regensburg started the 2010–11 season with a 1–0 win against Werder Bremen II. In the first round of the German Cup, Arminia Bielefeld knocked out Jahn Regensburg in a shoot–out. The match had finished in a 1–1 draw. In the 2010–11 season, Regensburg finished in eighth place and were knocked out of the German Cup in the first round after losing 3–1 to Borussia Mönchengladbach. Regensburg finished in third place in the 2011–12 season and advanced to the promotion–relegation playoff. They won promotion on away goals after the draw finished 3–3. Weinzierl finished with a record of 49 wins, 48 draws, and 42 losses in 139 matches.

Weinzierl was named head coach of FC Augsburg on 17 May 2012. His first match in–charge was on 17 August 2012 against SV Wilhelmshaven in the German Cup, which they won, 2–0. They ended up eliminated in the round of 16. In his first season, Weinzierl won only one match in the first–half of the season. They ended the season in 15th place and two points clear of the relegation zone. Augsburg started the 2013–14 season with a 2–0 win against RB Leipzig in the German Cup. Augsburg defeated Bayern 1–0 to end their 53–match undefeated streak. This was also the first time that FC Augsburg defeated Bayern. The last time a club from Augsburg defeated Bayern was when BC Augsburg won on 6 August 1961. Augsburg finished the 2013–14 season in eighth place. Augsburg started the 2014–15 season with a 1–0 loss to 1. FC Magdeburg in the German Cup. On 5 April 2015, Weinzierl extended his contract at Augsburg until 2019. on 9 May 2015, Augsburg defeated Bayern Munich in his 100th Bundesliga match as head coach. Augsburg finished the season in fifth place. Augsburg started the 2015–16 season with a 3–1 win against SV Elversberg in the German Cup. Augsburg also participated in the Europa League. Augsburg were eliminated in the second round by Liverpool. Augsburg finished the season in 12th place. Weinzierl finished with a record of 56 wins, 32 draws, and 66 losses.

On 3 June 2016, Weinzierl became Schalke 04 manager. His first match was a 4–1 win in the German Cup against FC 08 Villingen. He was sacked on 9 June 2017. He finished with a record of 21 wins, 13 draws, and 16 losses in 50 matches.

On 9 October 2018, Weinzierl became new head coach of VfB Stuttgart. He replaced Tayfun Korkut with a contract until June 2020. His first match as Stuttgart's head coach was a 4–0 loss to Borussia Dortmund on 20 October 2018. He was sacked on 20 April 2019. He finished with a record of four wins, four draws, and 15 losses.

On 26 April 2021, Weinzierl returned to FC Augsburg as head coach. Augsburg were in 13th place and four points above the relegation playoff spot when Weinzierl took over as head coach.

Weinzierl was hired on 4 October 2022 as manager for 1. FC Nürnberg. He took the reins from Robert Klauß who was sacked the day prior after leading the Franconian club to 14th in the table after Match Day ten in the 2022–23 2. Bundesliga season. Just four months later, he was sacked after a 5-0 loss to FC Heidenheim. Weinzierl finished with a record of four wins, four draws, and five losses.

Slobodan Čendić

Slobodan Čendić (28 August 1938 – 19 September 2023) was a football manager.

He was among others the manager of FC Schalke 04, 1. FC Saarbrücken, Alemannia Aachen, and Hannover 96.


Max Merkel

Max Merkel (7 December 1918 – 28 November 2006) was an Austrian footballer who played international football for both Germany and Austria as a defender. At club level, he played for Rapid Wien, Wiener SC, and Luftwaffen SV Markersdorf.

Rapid Wien

1860 Munich

1. FC Nürnberg

Atlético Madrid

Nyctimantis

Nyctimantis is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. These frogs live in southeastern Brazil and in the Orinoco Basin in Venezuela, Colombia, and Brazil. They live in trees. They hide in small pockets of water in plants that live on the branches and trunks of trees. The top of the frog's head has a bony plate on it. The bone plate is grown into the skin.

Scientists say these frogs are in "Nyctimantis":



List of minor planets: 60001–61000


Max the Mighty

Max the Mighty is a young adult novel by Rodman Philbrick. The book was published in 1998. It is the sequel to "Freak the Mighty".

Max Kane helps Rachel run away from her overly religious and abusive stepfather. Rachel is nicknamed "Worm" because of her love of reading. Max nicknames her stepfather "The Undertaker" because he drives a hearse and wears black clothing. The Undertaker accuses Max of kidnapping Worm. This causes Max and Worm run away with Dippy Hippie on his bus, the Prairie Schooner. Along the way, they meet two con-artists, Frank and Joanie. They have read about Max and Worm and know there is a reward for finding them. Frank tries to turn them in. To get away, Max and Worm have to leave the Prairie Schooner. To take them the rest of the way, they get on a train with Hobo Joe. They get to Chivalry, Montana. They go into a mining tunnel. Max learns that Worm's birth father had died in a mining accident. The Undertaker goes to Chivalry with the police. Max and Worm run away in the tunnels. They meet Dip, and Max's grandfather, Grim. The police find them and Worm runs back into the tunnel. She thinks about killing herself so she can be with her father and away from her stepfather. Max talks her out of it. A beam in the mine falls over and traps the Undertaker under it. This causes Worm to finally talk to the Undertaker about all the abuse he has been doing to her and her mother. This causes the police to know the truth. Before anything else can happen, the mine starts to collapse. Everybody is forced to run for the exit. Max cannot leave the Undertaker behind to die. He lifts up the beam and frees the Undertaker. The Undertaker gets out of the mine in time, but Max does not. Emergency services come to the mine and rescue Max. He has a broken shoulder and leg. Afterwards, Worm's mother finally stands up to her abusive husband. She tells the court what he really happened. This gets the Undertaker convicted of domestic abuse. The book ends with Max and his grandparents asking Worm and her mother to live with them. They say yes.

List of minor planets: 67001–68000


List of minor planets: 68001–69000


List of minor planets: 66001–67000


List of minor planets: 61001–62000


List of minor planets: 62001–63000


List of minor planets: 63001–64000

 September 20, 2001 || Socorro || LINEAR || NYS || align=right | "1.3 km" || 


List of minor planets: 64001–65000


List of minor planets: 69001–70000


List of minor planets: 65001–66000


Carbonyl sulfide

Carbonyl sulfide is the chemical compound with the linear formula OCS.


ZooPhobia (webcomic)

ZooPhobia is a webcomic that began in 2012 and ended in 2016. It was made by Vivienne Medrano, creator of the "Hazbin Hotel" and "Helluva Boss" series.

The comic is about Cameron, a young girl who is hired as a counselor and taken to an interspecies sanctuary called Safe Haven. 

Cameron, a young girl, gets a job as a counselor. She is taken to an island far from the human world called Safe Haven. What she doesn't know is that Safe Haven is an interspecies sanctuary. Cameron suffers from a fear of animals, which she must overcome so that she can learn to live on the island.

On September 30, 2020, on Medrano's YouTube channel, VivziePop, the animated short "Bad Luck Jack" premiered. It followed several side characters from the comic, as they tried to help their friend with bad luck have a good day. Three songs were featured in it.

Flexible manufacturing system

A flexible manufacturing system (FMS) is a manufacturing system that allows the system to react to some changes in the work environments called as Routing Flexibility and Machine Flexibility. Routing Flexibility refers to the system's ability to produce different product types and order of manufacturing operations, while Machine Flexibility represents the ability to use multiple machines to perform the same operations to achieve large-scale volume or capacity of products.

Most FMS mainly consist of four main systems: 1) automated "CNC machines", 2) "Material handling" system to optimize parts flow, 3) "Central Control Computer" which controls material movements and machine flow, and 4) "Computer Communication protocol" that allows short emergency messages (on dangerous machines & robots collision, etc.) to interrupt and have higher priority compared to other trivial messages in the industrial computer networks.

List of minor planets: 70001–71000


List of minor planets: 71001–72000


List of minor planets: 72001–73000


List of minor planets: 73001–74000


List of minor planets: 74001–75000


List of minor planets: 75001–76000


List of minor planets: 76001–77000


List of minor planets: 77001–78000


List of minor planets: 78001–79000


List of minor planets: 79001–80000


List of minor planets: 80001–81000


Agnosia (moth)

Agnosia is a genus of moth. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild and Karl Jordan in 1903.



Agnosia microta

Agnosia microta is a species of moth. It is in the family Sphingidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1907. It is from India.

Chaharshanbe Suri

Chaharshanbe Suri is an Iranian festival celebrated on the eve of the last Wednesday before Nowruz. It is also the first festivity of the Nowruz Celebrations festivals (the Iranian New Year).

Chaharshanbe in Persian means Wednesday and Suri means red or fire or sun.
The sun was one of the early Gods of the people in old times, praise of the sun have deep root in the old festivals and Suri festival also has relation with the praise of sun and the dead. Sur means red also means sun solar deity and Surya with the same root of the Sul. As Herodotus explained Ertaeyan(Iranian) were worshiping the sun. the importance of fire can be felt while we look at the stone inscriptions of Achaemenid kings also the very first mantra of Rig Veda is in the praise of Fire. Chaharshanbe Suri and Holi festival had the same roots in ancient Arian religions. 

Before the start of the festival, people gather brushwood in an open space. At sunset, after making one or more bonfires, they jump over the flames, singing , literally meaning "[let] your redness [be] mine, my paleness yours", or a local equivalent of it. This is considered a purification practice.

Another popular practice on Čahāršanba-sūrī is fortune telling from a jug (fāl-e kūza, fāl-e bolūnī), usually one with a wide mouth (bolūnī). 
Burning rue seeds (esfand) or frankincense (kondor) at parties on the eve of Čahāršanba-sūrī is a widespread practice in most regions of Persia. It is considered a necessary precaution against the evil eye and malevolent spirits, devils, and genies (cf. above on fumigation to avoid the evil eye). While rue and a small amount of salt are thrown on the fire the people recite rhymes, which, though varying with the local dialects, usually go something like this: “Rue shrubs and rue seeds (esfandūne, i.e., esfand-dāna), rue shrubs with thirty-three seeds (dūne), rue shrubs know themselves; let them blast (be-tarkūne, i.e., be-tarakānad) the jealous eye” (or “the evil eye”).
The festival has its origin in ancient Iranian rituals. The ancient Iranians celebrated the festival of Hamaspathmaedaya (), the last five days of the year in honor of the spirits of the dead. This is today referred to as "Farvardinegan". They believed that the spirits of the dead would come for reunion. The seven holy immortals () were honored, and were bidden a formal ritual farewell at the dawn of the New Year. The festival also coincided with festivals celebrating the creation of fire and humans. By the time of the Sasanian Empire, the festival was divided into two distinct pentads. They are known as the lesser and the greater . The belief had gradually developed that the "lesser " belonged to the souls of children and those who died without sin, while the "greater " was for all souls.


Agnosia orneus

Agnosia orneus is a species of moth. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It was described by George Hampson in 1907. It is from India.

Amorpha juglandis

Amorpha juglandis, or the walnut sphinx is a type of moth. It is a part of the genus Amorpha which only has one species (which makes it Monotypic). It is in the family of Sphingidae and was noted by Jacob Hübner in 1809. It was first described by James Edward Smith in 1797.

It is native to North America. It is found from the Atlantic Ocean to the Rocky Mountains in Canada and the United States.

The wingspan is 45–75 mm.
The adult moth is nocturnal.

The caterpillar feeds on alder ("Alnus"), hickory ("Carya"), hazelnut ("Corylus"), beech ("Fagus"), walnut ("Juglans"), and hop-hornbeam ("Ostrya") species. The caterpillar can make a high-pitched whistles. It comes from spiracles in its abdomen. This will startle the bird which will probably not eat it because of that.



Dmitry Bortniansky

Dmitry Stepanovich Bortniansky (; ; 28 October 1751 in Glukhov 10 October 1825 in St. Petersburg) was a Russian and Ukrainian composer and musician. He was an important composer of Orthodox church music.

Bortniansky was born in Glukhov, Russian Empire (now in Ukraine). He studied music and sang in the local church. People noticed that he had a beautiful voice. So, he was chosen to become a singer in the imperial chapel choir in St. Petersburg. He was able to study music and composition in St. Petersburg. He studied music with Baldassare Galuppi. Galuppi returned to Venice in 1768. Galuppi asked Empress Catherine to send Bortniansky to Italy. Catherine accepted this request. She sent Bortniansky to Venice. 

In Venice, Bortniansky continued his training with Galuppi. In 1776, his first opera, "Creonte" was performed in Venice. However, it was not a success. So, he wrote two more operas, "Alcide" and "Quinto Fabio" in 1778. These were successful. In Italy, he also wrote music for Catholic liturgy. This includes an "Ave Maria".

Bortniansky returned to St. Petersburg in 1779. He became a composer in the imperial court chapel. In 1783, he became the "Kapellmeister" for Prince Paul. In 1796 Prince Paul became Emperor of Russia. He made Bortniansky the director of the Imperial Chapel. 

The imperial court chapel was in a bad condition. The singers were not talented. They were not disciplined. Bortniansky worked to improve the chapel. He improved the living conditions of singers. He increased the singer's salaries. He made sure that the singers received proper education. He introduced choral music from Western European composers. This includes Mozart, Handel, Haydn, and Beethoven.

In 1816, the imperial court chapel received a monopoly for all church music. This means that Bortniansky had full control of the church music in the Russian Empire. He gets to say if a piece of church music can be published or not. However, Bortniansky never published any of his own compositions.

Bortniansky died in St Petersburg on October 10, 1825. It is said that he invited the court chapel to his house before he died. He wanted to hear his favorite choral concerto, "Vskuyu Priskorbna Yesi, Dusha Moya?" (English: "Why are you mournful, O my soul?"). He died after the choir finished singing.

Bortniansky's greatest contribution was his church music. He was an important composer of the choral concerto. He was not allowed to use musical instruments in his church music. This is because the Orthodox Church does not allow musical instruments in their church.

Bortniansky wrote over 100 religious pieces. Tchaikovsky edited his works after he died. Tchaikovsky later regretted his decision. He did not think that Bortniansky's music was good. He thought that Bortniansky's music did not fit Russian Orthodox liturgy. On the other hand, Hector Berlioz praised Bortniansky's music.

Repunit

A repunit is a number like 11, 111, or 1111. It only has the digit 1 in it. It is a more specific type of repdigit. The term stands for repeated unit and was coined in 1966 by Albert H. Beiler in his book "Recreations in the Theory of Numbers".

A repunit prime is a repunit that is also a prime number. Primes that are repunits in base-2 are Mersenne primes.

The base-"b" repunits can be written as this where "b" is the base and "n" is the number that you are checking in whether or not it is a repunit:

This means that the number "R" is made of of of "n" copies of the digit 1 in base-"b" representation. The first two repunits base-"b" for "n" = 1 and "n" = 2 are 

The first of repunits in base-10 are with

Base-2 repunits are also Mersenne numbers "M" = 2 − 1. They start with

Prime factors that are are "new factors" that haven't been mentioned before. Basically, the prime factor divides "R" but does not divide "R" for all "k" < "n." 

The smallest prime factors of "R" for "n" > 1 are




Preußenlied

Preußenlied (Translated from German as: "Song of Prussia") was the National Anthem of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1830-1840, also known as "Ich bin ein Preuße, kennt ihr meine Farben?".


Leonard Lester

Leonard Lester (1870–1952) was an artist, writer, and public speaker. 

Leonard was born in Penrith, Cumberland, on February 4, 1870 to Edward Lester and Mary Hannah Ashby. He died on June 26, 1952 in San Diego, California. 

In England, he attended the Ackworth and Wigton Quaker schools. At the age of thirteen he became interested in writing. In 1889, at age nineteen, he emigrated to Canada with his family. A few years later, they moved south to the United States briefly living in Galena, Kansas before settling in Pasadena, California. Leonard established his studio in Pasadena. He also kept studios in Redlands, Santa Barbara, and Los Angeles. 

In 1901 he returned to England where he set up a studio in a castle. He got sick and became unconscious (he didn’t know for how long) and was feeble with asthma after that incident. The following year Leonard went to Germany, then hitch-hiked and walked to France and Italy with a walking stick he made from an apricot tree. 

Leonard created drawings for the Chicago World’s fair in 1893, and in 1894 Harper Brothers magazine paid him $75 for photo-like drawings of Native American baskets. While in Chicago, he met the leader of the Theosophical Society and became a member. After studying art for two years (1894-96) at the Art Institute of Chicago, the Art Students’ League in New York City, and the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts, he returned to California. 

From 1906 to 1916, Leonard went to Cuba where he taught at a Theosophical school directed by his sister, Amy Lester Reineman. He visited Pinar del Rio, Las Quatitas and Santiago. The schools closed during the war, so he came back to the United States. 

In the 1920s he lived and worked at Madam Tingley’s Theosophical School, Roja Yoga College, at Pt. Loma, Califonria. Following the 1929 stock market crash, many of the older Lomaland residents who could support themselves were requested to leave to help ease the bad financial situation. 

In 1930 he moved to Alpine, California and, on January 4, 1931, he married Marian Plummer, an artist and former teacher at the Theosophical school. For awhile they lived just off of Tavern Road. He and Marian had a studio at the Julian Eltenge Ranch. Compared with other San Diego County artists he was relatively unknown because his poor health prevented him from entering many exhibitions. He was respected by the art community and his paintings won awards in the United States and abroad. In April of 1937, Leonard exhibited a group of his paintings and pastel drawings at Studio 6 the House of Hospitality, Balboa Park, San Diego. 

Leonard lived in the San Diego area at intervals totalling 35 years. He didn’t consider himself a great artist. He was a modest man who shunned publicity. He attributed most of his success to his artwork being nature studies. He continued painting up until a year before his death. Leonard died at the age of 82, at 3:33 a.m. on June 26th, the same time and date as his mother. She died in 1906. Fellow artists recalled him as a quiet, gentle man, who looked like a scholar and painted like a poet. 

According to Leonard’s widow, Marian Plummer Lester (1893-1991), he was a skilled writer and speaker. Marion willed most of Leonard’s artwork to the University of California at La Jolla. Her collection of photographs and documents relating to the Plummer family, containing some photographs of Leonard, were donated to the San Diego Historical Society. 

At Point Loma Art School, Leonard was part of a movement referred to as Symbolist art. 

Interest in religious mysticism in the nineteenth century more-or-less paralleled the Romantic Movement in art. There was a shift in consciousness that caused artists and writers to distrust the growing materialism of their times, to strike out against the Age of Reason, and to question the ability of reason to govern all things. Artists turned toward their inner experience and tried to create an art that could embody their dreams and emotions in pictorial forms. Visionary artists such as William Blake and certain of the Pre-Raphaelites and their followers, particularly Edward Burne-Jones, paved the way for the Symbolist Art Movement that flourished at the end of the century. Symbolist art, by using rhythms, colors, and symbols, created visual images that conveyed ideas, emotions and moods far above the obvious level of what was actually being depicted. It was an art that appealed to those who wished to remove themselves from the materialism and boredom of everyday life, and seek a higher level of consciousness.

Leonard’s drawings in pencil and crayon are particularly delicate of touch and sensitive to detail. His work reveals an artist who was very close to nature. His scenes have a quiet serene quality sometimes described as mystic. His works have been described as among the most ethereal produced by Lomaland painters. Especially superb are his atmospheric effects which have a beauty and soothing calmness that makes the onlooker feel at peace. 

Leonard was an accomplished writer and his philosophy on art was expressed in a number of articles in a Theosophy publication called “The Theosophical Path.” He encouraged his readers to seek an escape from what he termed “external realism” by looking for a deeper knowledge or Reality. He wrote the following on page 74 of The Theosophical Path11: 

“Where there is no vision, the people perish;” –and this is also true of Art. To be vitally creative, its vision must be open to the higher planes of Reality. The extreme reaction from so-called Realism in the art tendencies today, is, for the most part, but the substitution of other forms of externalism, equally limited in their appeal to sensation. 

Leonard wrote the following: 

Seeking to gain advantage over and excel others, or to excel in any pursuit for the sake of personal profit or advantage is not a high object at all. To suffer some disadvantage, some physical handicap may then become a blessing. Less preoccupation over the personal self, over efforts to excel or shine to advantage, to gain respect or admiration from others; and more resignation to the law, sympathy for others, letting trifling ambitions alone, treating things ‘large and bye’. The gradual substitution of this state for the other is a step in advance on the pathway of ordinary daily life.

Part of Leonard’s philosophy is revealed by the poem “The Salutation of the Dawn” by the Hindu poet Kalidasa, who lived sometime between the 3rd and 6th century A.D. and referred to as the “Shakespeare of India.” Leonard made a drawing with the same title. The poem reads: 

Listen to the exhortation of the dawn! 

Look to this day, for it is life, 

The very life of life! 

In its brief course lie all the verities 

And all the realities of your existence; 

The bliss of growth; the glory of action; 

The splendor of beauty. 

For yesterday is but a dream, 

And tomorrow is only a vision. 

But today well-lived makes every yesterday 

A dream of happiness, 

And every tomorrow a vision of hope. 

Look well, therefore, to this day. 

Such is the salutation of the dawn. 

1 Anonymous, 27 June 1952, “Leonard Lester, 82 Famous Artist, Dies,” "San Diego Evening Tribune". 

2 Bruce Kamerling, 1991, 100 Years of art in San Diego, San Diego Historical Society, 108 p. 

3 Bruce Kamerling, Fall 1980, Theosophy and Symbolist Art: The Point Loma Art School: "The Journal of San Diego History", Vol. 25, No. 4, pp. 231-255. 

4 E.M. Hughes, 1989, Artists in California, 1786-1940, 637 p. 5 Bruce Kamerling, Fall 1980, Theosophy and Symbolist Art: The Point Loma Art School: "The Journal of San Diego History", Vol. 25, No. 4, pp 231-255. 

6 Naomi Baker, 12 Sep 1954, “Alpine Gallery plans exhibition in memory of Grossmont Painter,” "San Diego Evening Tribune". 

SS Potrero del Llano

The SS Potrero del Llano was a Mexican oil tanker built in 1912, it served under the administration of Petróleos Mexicanos (Pemex for its acronym), it would be torpedoed by a U-boot off the coast of Florida, and it would also be one of several oil tankers sunk which would push the entry of Mexico into the Second World War on the Allied side.

The "Potrero del Llano" would be built in England and had previously served a Belgian company based in Antwerp "SA d'Armement, d'Industrie & de Commerce", from 1921 to 1930 when it had been sold to the "Società Italiana Transporti Petroliferi" of Genoa and would be renamed "Lucifero". She would be decommissioned by the Mexican Government in 1940 and she would be renamed "Potrero del Llano" (name of a locality in Veracruz) and registered at the Port of Tampico.

The German submarine U-564, which was circling the Florida coast under the command of Captain Reinhard Suhren, at 7:17 a.m. on May 14, 1942, the Potrero del Llano with a load of 6,132 tons of petroleum, at first he thought it was an Italian flag ship, but realizing that it had the Eagle of the Mexican Shield, he decided to sink it, which would happen killing 13 crew members, only 22 survived and would be rescued by a US coastal ship that would take them to Miami, among the survivors was "José Reyes Sousa", survivor of the SS Las Choapas, which would be sunk by the U-129, one month later.

Gloria Fuertes

Gloria Fuertes García (28 July 1917 – 27 November 1998) was a Spanish poet and author of children's literature. She became particularly well-known in Spain in the 70’s, after her collaborations on children’s television shows. In her work, she defended equality between men and women, pacifism and the fight for the environment. he recognition of her role in Spanish poetry as a whole during the 20th century has increased greatly. She was born and died in Madrid, Spain.


Badalwas

Badalwas is a village in Sikar tehsil of Sikar district in Rajasthan, India. It is situated 18 kilometres from Sikar. This is an old historical village founded 600 years ago.



The Badalwas total number of families is 700. In Badalwas village population of children with age 0-18 is 446 which makes up 13.73% of total population of village. Average Sex Ratio of Badalwas village is 947 which is higher than Rajasthan state average of 928. Child Sex Ratio for the Badalwas as per census is 828, lower than Rajasthan average of 888.population data 2011.


Vladimir Sorokin

Vladimir Georgiyevich Sorokin (; born 1955) is a Russian writer of novels and plays; He is one of the most popular in modern Russian literature.

Sorokin was born on 7 August 1955 in Bykovo, Moscow Oblast, near Moscow. As early as 1972, he was writing in the newspaper ("For the workers in the petroleum industry",) "Za kadry neftyanikov". He studied at the Gubkin Institute of Oil and Gas in Moscow and graduated in 1977 as an engineer.

Dhar Mann

Dharminder Mann (born May 29, 1984) is an American entrepreneur, video producer, internet personality and YouTuber. He is known for making motivational videos on YouTube.


Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation

Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation is an 1844 work by Robert Chambers. It was published anonymously in England. 
The book openly discussed the transmutation of species in an attractive way.

"Vestiges" became an international bestseller. Its theme contradicted the natural theology fashionable at the time. Its ideas were reviled by clergymen. The ideas in the book were popular with a wider public. Prince Albert read it aloud to Queen Victoria in 1845. "Vestiges" caused a shift in popular opinion which – Charles Darwin believed – prepared the public mind for the scientific theories of evolution by natural selection as in his "On the Origin of Species" in 1859.

For decades there was speculation about the authorship of "Vestiges". The 12th edition of 1884, revealed that the author was Robert Chambers, a Scottish journalist. He had written the book in St Andrews between 1841 and 1844 while recovering from illness. Initially, Chambers had proposed the title "The Natural History of Creation", but he was persuaded to revise the title in deference to the Scottish geologist James Hutton. Hutton had remarked of the timeless aspect of geology: "no "vestige" of a beginning, no "prospect" of an end". 

The book was published in October 1844 by John Churchill in London. The secret of the authorship was kept from from Churchill.

"In other words, the fact of extinction — which can be observed in the fossil layers — suggests that some designs were flawed... Some other idea must then come with regard to the mode in which the Divine Author proceeded in the organic creation. (p153)

"...how can we suppose that the august Being who brought all these countless worlds into form by the simple establishment of a natural principle flowing from his mind, was to interfere personally and specially on every occasion when a new shell-fish or reptile was to be ushered into existence on one of these worlds? Surely this idea is too ridiculous to be for a moment entertained". (p154)

The general scandal caused by "Vestiges" meant Darwin was reluctant to publish his own ideas until he had well researched answers to all possible objections.

The first edition of 1,750 copies sold out in a few days. The book was translated into five languages, and many editions were published in the U.S.A.

Chambers followed the book with another, this time dealing with all the questions raised by the first book: Chambers, Robert 1845. "Explanations: a sequel to Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation". London: John Churchill.

Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina () are one of the three nations of the country, many of which live in Republika Srpska.

Brčko District

Brčko District, officially the Brčko District of Bosnia and Herzegovina, is the self-governing administrative unit in north-eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Prambanan

Prambanan () is an 8th-century Hindu temple compound in Yogyakarta, Indonesia, dedicated to three Hindu Gods: the Creator (Brahma), the Preserver (Vishnu) and the Destroyer (Shiva) known as Trimurti. The Prambanan temple compound, a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1998, is the largest Hindu temple site in Indonesia and the second-largest in Southeast Asia after Angkor Wat. Main characteric of its Hindu architecture is tall and pointed architecture and towering with 47 m height in the central building (Shiva temple). These temple compounds originally consists of 240 temple structures (including 224 ruined Pervara temples), and represents the magnificent ancient Java's Hindu architecture and structure. Together with Buddhist Borobudur temple which were built at the same era and are physically located very close one to another, it is considered as a masterpiece and symbol of peace and religious harmony in Indonesia. Prambanan attracts many domestic visitors and also from around the world.

Nyctimantis rugiceps

The brown-eyed tree frog ("Nyctimantis rugiceps") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Scientists think it might live in Brazil too. Scientists have seen it between 200 and 1200 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 55.3 to 67.6 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 59.7 to 63.0 mm long. The frog's skin is brown in color. It is dark brown on the sides and toes and light brown on the back. It has one to three large orange spots by its middle. It has a wide head, big black eyes, and large disks on its toes for climbing. It lives in primary forest and secondary forest in the Amazon lowlands.

The male frog finds a hole in a tree trunk with a pool of water in it 10 to 40 cm deep. The holes are sometimes as close to the ground as 2 meters, but there are more of them more than 10 meters above the ground. If something frightens the male frog, it will hide in the water. The female frog comes to the tree trunk and lays her eggs in the water. The male frog sings all year, and he may stay near the same place for a long time.

The female frog lays her eggs in the hole and the male frog fertilizes them. The female comes back to the hole to lay unfertilized eggs, which the tadpoles eat.

Great Wall of Qi

The Great Wall of Qi () is the oldest part of the Great Wall in China that is still standing. It started being built in 441 BC (during the Spring and Autumn period) by the state of Qi. It was made to defend itself against attacks from the states of Jin and Yue. It was done being built during the Warring States period and became Qi's defense against enemies states like Ju, Lu, and Chu. The wall goes from Guangli village of today's Changqing District, Jinan.

Sada Baby

Casada Aaron Sorrell (born November 17, 1992) known as Sada Baby, is an American rapper and singer. In 2018, the music video for his song "Bloxk Party" went viral. This led to him signing to Asylum Records. Sada Baby was a well known person in the Detroit rap scene of the mid-to-late 2010s. He has create a of songes. His first studio album "Skuba Sada 2" (2020) was a sequel to his 2017 mixtape "Skuba Sada". It reached number 125 on the US "Billboard" 200. In 2020, his song "Whole Lotta Choppas" went viral on TikTok. After this, a version of the song with Nicki Minaj was made. It reached number 35 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Casada Sorrell was born in Detroit, Michigan. He grew up in the east side of the city. According to him, he sang in the church choir from the age of nine to eleven. His family then moved to Washington, D.C. for a year. He grew up wanting to play basketball Sorrel became interested in music after his cousin Ashley started singing.

In 2013, Sada Baby began taking rapping. He released many songs but got only a small amount of attention. He almost stopped rapping in 2016. This changed when he entered and won a local rap competition. He beat 12 other rappers. Sada began releasing singles and music on YouTube. This lead to the release of his mixtape, "Skuba Sada" in 2017. That same year, he signed to Tee Grizzley's record label Grizzley Gang. He also released a mixtape called "D.O.N - Dat One Nigga".

In March 2018, Sada Baby released the video for his song "Bloxk Party". It was made with Detroit rapper Drego. A few months later, Sada Baby signed to Asylum Records. "Bloxk Party" was released again on September 28, 2018. It was the second single for his third mixtape "Bartier Bounty". The mixtape was release on January 25, 2019 by Asylum. The mixtape also has his 2018 singles "Cheat Code, "Pimp Named Drip Dat" and "Driple Double". It got positive reviews from music critics. On August 16, 2019, Sada released his song "Next Up" featuring Tee Grizzley. On September 27, 2019, he released his fourth mixtape "Whoop Tape" on SoundCloud and DatPiff. On November 1, 2019, he released a single titled "2K20". Sada Baby left Grizzley Gang because they did not let him release music at the rate he was wanted to.

On January 1, 2020, he released his mixtape "Brolik". It was only released on DatPiff. The mixtape included the singles he released in the last six months. On January 10, 2020, he released his song "Pressin". The song was made with rapper King Von. In March 2020, Sada released his first studio album, "Skuba Sada 2." His 2020 single "Aktivated" was on this album. Most of the review the album got were positive. The album was number 125 on "Billboard" 200. On July 17, 2020, he announced his mixtape "Bartier Bounty 2". It was released a week later. On August 14, 2020, Sada Baby released the single "Whole Lotta Choppas". The song was the basis of a viral dance challenge on TikTok . It was number 92 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. On October 16, 2020, a remix of the song with Nicki Minaj was released. The song later reached number 35.

 

Werner Olk

Werner Olk (born 18 January 1938) is a German former professional football player and manager.

Olk started his football career as a youth player with SG Letter 05 (Hanover region) in 1948 and eventually switched into the youth team of TuS Seelze. Before his transfer to Bayern Munich, he played 1956–57 in the Oberliga Nord with Arminia Hannover and after the relegation of the club from 1957 to 1960 in the second tier, which in this part of Northern Germany was the Amateuroberliga Niedersachsen.

He spent his career in the 1960s through to 1970 with German club Bayern Munich in the Oberliga Süd and the Bundesliga. His honors with Bayern include the DFB-Pokal in 1966, 1967 and 1969; winner of the German Championship in 1969; and winner of the European Cup Winners' Cup in 1967. After the promotion to the Bundesliga in 1965 until 1970, Olk served as Bayern's captain, a function in which he was succeeded by Franz Beckenbauer.

Olk won his only cap for the West Germany national team in 1961. He was an available member of the German squad at the 1962 FIFA World Cup in Chile. In the amateur squad of the Germany national team, Olk was called up three times. He was also called up into the youth national team in 1961 for a match against England.

After his time with Bayern, Olk became player-manager with Swiss second division side FC Aarau. He stayed there until 1973, although he had been sacked by December 1972, and was replaced in this role by Jiří "Georges" Sobotka. Afterwards, Olk became a manager for German clubs such as Eintracht Braunschweig, SV Darmstadt 98 (with which he achieved promotion to the Bundesliga in 1981), SC Freiburg, SC Preußen Münster, and Karlsruher SC (with which he achieved promotion to the Bundesliga in 1984). He also had a brief engagement managing St. Gallen in the Swiss League during the 1985–86 season.

From 1990 to 1992, Olk coached the Morocco national team, with which he qualified for the African Nations Cup in January 1992 and the Olympic Games later in the same year in Barcelona. Morocco remained in both competitions without win. From 1995 to 1997, he was in charge of El Zamalek of Cairo, Egypt, with which he won the African Cup of Champions Clubs of 1996, where they prevailed in the finals over Nigeria's Shooting Stars SC.

Olk also had two spells as assistant coach at Bayern Munich. From 1975 to 1977, he was assisting Dettmar Cramer in a period when the club the European Champions' and Intercontinental Cups of 1977. Between 1986 and 1988, he served under Udo Lattek and Jupp Heynckes, being part of the team that won the German championship of 1987.


Otamatone

The is an electronic musical synthesizer. It was developed in Japan by the CUBE toy company and the Maywa Denki design firm, led by the brothers Masamichi and Nobumichi Tosa.

These electronic musical synthesizers are defined as any of eighth note-shaped several small- to medium-sized is an electronic musical synthesizers, and are members of eighth notes with smileys which bear opening a mouth. It was created in Japan by the CUBE toy company and the Maywa Denki design company. The creation of the otamatone was led by the brothers Masamichi and Nobumichi Tosa.

Heiner Schuhmann

Heiner Schuhmann (; born 4 November 1948) is a retired German footballer and coach best known for his time at FC Augsburg. He served the club as a player and coach in the first team on five occasions but had his greatest success as a youth coordinator with the club. In the later position he also worked at FC Bayern Munich.




Hannes Baldauf

Hannes Baldauf (9 March 1938 – 25 February 2015) was a German football player and coach.

Baldauf was involved with Hannover 96 as both a player and a manager.


Jimmy Hartwig

William "Jimmy" Hartwig (born 5 October 1954) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. He played for Kickers Offenbach, TSV 1860 Munich, Hamburger SV, 1. FC Köln and FC Homburg of the Bundesliga and for Austria Salzburg of Austria. The son of an African-American soldier and a German mother, Hartwig was one of the first black players in German and Austrian football.

Hartwig won the European Cup in 1983 with Hamburger SV, and was three times German league champion in 1979, 1982 und 1983 and three times league runner-up with Hamburger SV. He also earned two caps for the West Germany national team, making him only the second non-white player (after Erwin Kostedde) to achieve this feat.

After his playing career, Hartwig worked as a coach at FC Augsburg in 1989 and FC Sachsen Leipzig in 1990. He entered the TV business, where he has been working ever since, whilst also appearing in the theatre as an actor.




Giovanni Battista Salvi da Sassoferrato

Giovanni Battista Salvi da Sassoferrato (August 25, 1609 – August 8, 1685), also known as Giovanni Battista Salvi, was an Italian Baroque painter. He is known for his commitment to Raphael's style.

Dieter Schatzschneider

Dieter Schatzschneider (born 26 April 1958) is a German former footballer who holds the record for the highest number of 2. Bundesliga goals (154). He is well-known mostly for being associated with Hannover 96, for whom he is also their record goalscorer.

He played in the 1984 Olympics for the West Germany football team.

Since retiring from playing, he has coached as numerous clubs including Emden, Sportfreunde Ricklingen, Arminia Hannover and SVG Göttingen 07. He is currently a Scout for Hannover 96

Shuriken Sentai Ninninger

Shuriken Sentai Ninninger is a Japanese television series. It is the 39th in Toei's Super Sentai series. "Super Hero Time" joined "Kamen Rider Drive" and then "Kamen Rider Ghost".




Hermann Gerland

Hermann "Tiger" Gerland (born 4 June 1954) is a German professional football manager and former player who worked as an assistant coach of Bundesliga club Bayern Munich.

Born in Bochum, Gerland spent his entire professional career from 1972 to 1984 playing at VfL Bochum. He played as a striker until 1975, when he switched to defence, where he played until the end of his career. He made 204 Bundesliga appearances and scored four goals.

VfL Bochum

Bayern Munich II

Benno Möhlmann

Benno Hans Möhlmann (born 1 August 1954) is a German retired football player and manager. He played for Preußen Münster, Werder Bremen, and Hamburger SV.

Möhlmann began his senior career in 1972 as a midfielder with Preußen Münster in third tier Regionalliga. In 1978, he transferred to Werder Bremen in the Bundesliga. He stayed with Bremen until 1987 when he moved to Hamburger SV, finishing his playing career in 1989. In total, Möhlmann played in 255 Bundesliga matches, scoring 35 goals.



Day of the National Flag (Ukraine)

23 August is the Day of the National Flag ( "Day of the National Flag of Ukraine") in Ukraine. It was first celebrated in 2004. 24 July was originally the Day of the National Flag.

Since 1992, Independence Day of Ukraine has been celebrated on 24 August.
Originally, the National Flag Day was only celebrated in Kyiv. It was celebrated this holiday on July 24, which was one-and-a-half years before the flag was officially made the National flag of Ukraine. It was raised over Kyiv City Hall . The first raising of the yellow-and-blue Ukrainian flag was on July 1990 at the flagstaff in the Kyiv City Council.

On August 23, 1991, after the failure of the coup in Moscow, the people's deputies brought out the flag into the session hall of the Verkhovna Rada. The consecration of the National Flag was held by the UAOC priest Petro Boyko.

Snake Island (Ukraine)

Snake Island, also known as Serpent Island or Zmiinyi Island, is an island belonging to Ukraine located in the Black Sea, near the Danube Delta.
Hu Huizi

Hu Huizi (born 17 March 2001) is a Chinese sitting volleyball player. With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics. 

She is a member of the China women's national sitting volleyball team and her club Shaanxi Province.

She competed at the 2019 ParaVolley Oceania. 

Qiu Junfei

Qiu Junfei (born 11 August 1985) is a Chinese sitting volleyball player.

She is a member of the China women's national sitting volleyball team and her club . 

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games and the bronze medal at the 2018 World Championships.

She competed at the 2019 Asian Para Games.

Phocis

Phocis is one of the regional units of Greece. It is part of the administrative region of Central Greece. It is near the western mountainsides of Parnassus.

Gao Wenwen

Gao Wenwen (born 19 March 1990) is a Chinese former para rower and current sitting volleyball player.

Gao has a limb deficiency due to a car accident when she was six years old. As a para rower she competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. She became 2008 "Red Banner Holder" by the provincial government in Liaoning. 

She competed at the 2010 Asian Para Games, winning a gold medal.

With the China women's national sitting volleyball team she won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Regional units of Greece

The 74 regional units (, ; , ) are administrative units of Greece. They are divisions of the country's 13 regions.

Xu Yixiao

Xu Yixiao (born 4 August 1983) is a Chinese sitting volleyball player. She is a member of the China women's national sitting volleyball team. 

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Wang Li

Wang Li (born 14 November 1982) is a Chinese para archer, and sitting volleyball player. She is a member of the China women's national sitting volleyball team.

As an archer she won the silver medal in the compound event at the 2007 World Championships and competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. 

Wang started with sitting volleyball when she was 21 year old. She plays at the middle blocker position. With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Lisbon Cathedral

The Cathedral of Saint Mary Major, usually called Lisbon Cathedral or simply the Sé (""). It is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Lisbon, Portugal. It is the oldest church in the city.

Marion de Groot

Marion Vreedendaal-de Groot (born 1940) is a Dutch former Paralympic table tennis player and swimmer from Amsterdam. At the 1964 Summer Paralympics, she won a gold and silver medal in table tennis, and another gold medal in swimming. She became world champion at the 1962 Stoke Mandeville Games.

She played field hockey with club HIC in Amsterdam, played tennis and was a swimmer.

In November 1960, when she cycled in Amsterdam, she was hit by a car. Because she had broken her neck, she was paralyzed and had to use a wheelchair. At the rehabilitation center she got in touch with para sports. She started with para table tennis to train her balance and reaction time. After 20 months in the rehabilitation center she could go back home in February 1963. 

Already in 1962, she had competed in table tennis at the 1962 Stoke Mandeville Games and won the gold medal.

She was a member of the “Amsterdamse Sportclub”. She competed regularly at competitions, including in Maastricht and Brussels.

Ahead of the 1964 Summer Paralympics she trained with a group of 45 people weekly in Amersfoort at the “Juliana van Stolbergkazerne”. She practiced table tennis, archery, javelin throw and wheelchair basketball. Initially, she would only participate in table tennis. She was scared to start swimming because she was paralyzed. However, she tried it and was able to swim. She decided also to compete in para-swimming. From that training group, 11 athletes were selected for the Paralympics.

At the Paralympics she competed in disability class A, the most impaired class. In table tennis she competed in the events that are labeled by the IPC as “men’s events”. She won a gold, silver and bronze medal. Together with Gerard Jacobs she won the gold medal in the Men's Doubles A1 event and individually she won bronze. In swimming she won the silver medal in the Women's 25 m Freestyle Supine complete class 1 event behind Evelyn Mulry Moore, the only other competitor.

After returning from the Paralympics she received a huge number of congratulations, including a telegram of the Queen of the Netherlands and prince. She became a member of honor of field hockey club HIC.

In November 1964 she competed at the international wheelchair basketball tournament at the Rai Amsterdam. 

She was a designer and translator at the science magazine Elsevier and was secretary of the “Amsterdamse Sportclub”. She married on 9 June 1966 in Amsterdam to Ph. Vreedendaal.

Cissy Morel

Cissy Balke-Morel (born 1942) is a Dutch former Paralympic swimmer from Amsterdam. 

At the Stoke Mandeville Games she won a total of four gold and two silver medals. She won at these three consecutive years the gold medal in the 50 metres breaststroke event. At the 1964 Summer Paralympics she finished in this event fourth.

She also competed internationally in javelin throw and para table tennis and played furthermore wheelchair basketball and sitting volleyball.

Alon Abelski

Alon Alexander Abelski (born 29 May 1989) is a German-Israeli footballer who is currently playing for Sportfreunde Baumberg.


Anass Achahbar

Anass Achahbar (; born 13 January 1994) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Greek Super League 2 club Aiolikos.

Feyenoord

Sepsi OSK

Netherlands U17



Lawrence Adjei

Lawrence Adjei-Okyere (born March 23, 1979), is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sporting Club de Bangui.

Amin Affane

Amin Tareq Affane (, ; ); born 21 January 1994) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.


Eric Agyemang

Eric Agyemang (born 11 January 1980) is a German former professional footballer who played as a forward.

Agyemang was born in Obuasi, Ghana. On 10 April 2010, he scored his first hat-trick in Germany for Erzgebirge Aue against VfL Osnabrück.

Naoki Kotake

Naoki Kotake (小竹直喜, born 2 May 1970) is a former Japanese long track speed skater. He represented Japan at international competitions as a senior between 1988 and 1994.

He participated at the 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992 and 1994 World Allround Speed Skating Championships for Men. His best result was the 10th place in 1992. He won the 500m bronze distance medal at the 1994 championships. At the 1990 Asian Games he participated at 3 distances (1500m, 5000m and 10000m) but didn't win a medal; he finished 4th at the 5000m and 10000m. At the 1994 Asian Single Distances Speed Skating Championships he won the bronze medal in the 1500m and the bronze medal at the 5000m.

As a junior he won one silver and 3 bronze allround medals at the World Junior Speed Skating Championships between 1987 and 1989. At the 1988 World Junior Speed Skating Championships in Seoul he rode a track record at the 500m in 39,76 seconds.

Shell plc

Shell plc is a British multinational oil and gas company. It is a publicly traded company. They are headquartered at Shell Centre in London, United Kingdom. 

Shell is a public limited company. They are the largest gas and oil businessnes within the top 10 of the Fortune global 500 since 2000. Shell was the ninth-largest business producer of greenhouse gas emissions between 1988 until 2015.

Sabine Brehm

Sabine Brehm (born 5 May 1963) is a East-German long track speed skater. She represented her country at international competitions until 1987.

She won the bronze medal at the 1985 World Allround Speed Skating Championships for Women in Sarajevo, and 1986 World Allround Speed Skating Championships for Women in Den Haag. She also won the bronze allround medal at the 1985 European Speed Skating Championships for Women in Groningen.

Brehm won at the 1984 national championships the 3000m.

She set two national records in 1985 and during her career a total of 8 track records.

Greenhouse gas emissions

Greenhouse gas emissions from human actions help the greenhouse effect grow, causing climate change. Most is carbon dioxide from burning fossil fuels: coal, oil, and natural gas. The largest makers of this include coal in China and large oil and gas companies. Human-caused emissions have increased atmospheric carbon dioxide by about 50%.

Anna Lenner

Anna Lenner (born 5 May 1957) is a Swedish long track speed skater. She represented her country at international competitions. She skated in her last race in 1979.

In 1977 she participated at the 1977 World Sprint Speed Skating Championships where she finished 10th at the 1977 Women's World Allround Speed Skating Championships (20th) where she set a national record at the 500m in 42.70. She also participated at the 1978 Women's World Allround Speed Skating Championships, finishing 22nd.

At national championships she won 4 medals, including a gold one in 1977 at the national sprint championships.

As a junior she competed at four World Junior Speed Skating Championships from 1974 to 1977.

Joseph Cafasso

Joseph Cafasso, OFS (; 15 January 1811 – 23 June 1860) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest who was an important social reformer in Turin. He was called a "Social Saint" during that time.

Papal Navy

The Papal Navy (, "Pontifical Navy"; ) was the main navy of the Papal States from the Battle of Ostia (879) until the Fall of the Papal States in 1871.


Area codes 201 and 551

Area codes 201 and 551 are area codes for New Jersey. Area code 201 was one of the first area codes created in October 1947. It initially covered the entire state, but after it was split multiple times, it now covers the northeasternmost section of the state, typically in the Hudson and Bergen counties, right next to the Hudson River and New York City. It was overlaid by area code 551 in 2001.

Area codes 203 and 475

Area codes 203 and 475 are area codes for Connecticut. Area code 203 was one of the first area codes created in October 1947. It used to cover the entire state, but after it was split by 860 in 1995, it now covers the southwestern section of the state, typically in the Fairfield and New Haven counties. It was overlaid by area code 475 in 2009.

Abdelaziz Ahanfouf

Abdelaziz „Aziz“ Ahanfouf (born 14 January 1978) is a German-Moroccan former professional footballer who played as a striker.

Ahanfouf was born in Germany and has played professionally for many German clubs. He joined Arminia Bielefeld from MSV Duisburg at the start of the 2006–07 season. He played for Bielefeld until December 2007, when he suffered a serious injury as a result of a car accident.

Ahanfouf signed a three and a half year contract with Wehen in January 2008.


Action movie

Action movie is a movie genre in which the protagonist is put into a series of events that usually have violence and physical actions. 

The genre is usually about a resourceful hero fighting against high odds. These movies often have life-threatening situations, a villain, or a chase which usually ends in victory for the hero. Action movies became cheaper and easier to make as computer-generated imagery (CGI) changed. Action sequences and other visual effects that needed stunt crews were more expensive in the past. Reactions to action movies with a large amount of CGI have been mixed. Some movies use CGI to create events that are not realistic and are unbelievable. Action has been a part of movies for a long time but the "action movie" genre did not start until the 1970s along with the increase of stunts and special effects.

This genre is often used with the thriller and adventure genres. It can also have elements of comedy, drama and spy fiction. Screenwriter Eric R. Williams says action movies are one of 11 super-genres in his screenwriters’ taxonomy. He says that all feature-length narrative movies can be classified by these super-genres. The other 10 super-genres are Crime, Fantasy, Horror, Romance, Science Fiction, Slice of Life, Sports, Thriller, War and Western.

Some historians say "The Great Train Robbery" (1903) was the first action movie. During the 1920s and 1930s, action-based movie were often swashbuckling adventure movie. In these movies actors such as Douglas Fairbanks used swords. Indian action movies of this time were known as stunt movies.

The 1940s and 1950s saw "action" in a new form. Many movies were war and cowboy movies. Alfred Hitchcock started the spy-adventure genre. He also began the use of action-oriented "set pieces" those used in "North by Northwest" (1959). The movie led producers Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman to create their own spy-adventure in the James Bond series. These movies were based the novels of Ian Fleming.

In Japan, the 1950s saw the jidaigeki action movies. The most notable of these were the samurai movies made famous by Akira Kurosawa. His 1954 movie "Seven Samurai" is said to be one of the greatest action movie of all time. The movie is often seen as one of the most "remade, reworked, referenced" movie in cinema. It made the "assembling the team" trope popular. It has become a common trope in many action and heist movies. The look, plot and dialogue of the movie have affected many people who make movies. They range from George Lucas and John Landis to Quentin Tarantino and George Miller. Kurosawa's "Yojimbo" (1961) was also remade as Sergio Leone's "A Fistful of Dollars" (1964). "Fistfull of Dollars" created the "Spaghetti Western" action genre of Italian cinema/ Kurosawa's "The Hidden Fortress" (1958) later inspired "Star Wars" (1977).

The James Bond movie series were the most popular action movies of the 1960s. They created the "resourseful hero". This character type is used in most modern-day action movies: . These larger-than-life characters were a "one-man army". They could defeat the villians in many creative ways. 


Matt Danner

Matthew Thomas Danner (born June 30, 1981) is an American director, screenwriter, animator, producer and voice actor. His credits include work on The Ripping Friends, , The Looney Tunes Show, Xiaolin Showdown, Robot Chicken, Team Hot Wheels, Dan Vs., Gravity Falls, Wander Over Yonder, Coconut Fred's Fruit Island, Legend of the Three Caballeros and the 2018 reboot of Muppet Babies for which he also voices Kermit.

Common gender

Common gender is the grammatical gender of those nouns in English that are not limited to either sex or gender, such as cousin, people, and spouse. In some languages, such as Latin, the words are of common gender when they aren't either masculine or feminine but not neuter.

Matthew Senreich

Matthew Ian Senreich (born June 17, 1974) is an American screenwriter, television producer, director and voice actor best known for his work on the Adult Swim animated television series "Robot Chicken", which he co-created with his business partner and close friend Seth Green.

Doug Goldstein

Douglas Goldstein (born September 12, 1971) is an American screenwriter and television producer and director, known mostly for his work as co-head writer on the late-night animated series "Robot Chicken". He won three Emmy Awards for episodes of the series and has won three Annie Awards including one for Robot Chicken: Star Wars Episode II.

Tom Root

Tom Root (born September 20, 1973) is an American writer, producer, director and voice actor known for his work on "Robot Chicken".

Zeb Wells

Michael Zeb Wells (born April 28, 1977) is an American comic book writer known for his work at Marvel Comics, a television writer and director on "Robot Chicken" and the co-creator and showrunner of SuperMansion.

Jigarthanda (movie)

Jigarthanda () is a 2014 Indian Tamil language action crime comedy movie. It was written and directed by Karthik Subbaraj. The movie is produced by Kathiresan's Group. It stars Siddharth, Bobby Simha, Lakshmi Menon, Karunakaran and Guru Somasundaram. It was the first Tamil cimema movie for cinematographer Gavemic U Ary. Santhosh Narayanan wrote the songs and background music.

An aspiring director tries his best to make a violent gangster film. His discreet attempts to research a gangster fail miserably. He discovers a mole in the gang and things go out of control for him.

The movie won two National Film Awards for Best Supporting Actor for Bobby Simha and Best Editing for Vivek Harshan.
The movie was dubbed into Telugu as "Chikkadu Dorakadu" in 2016. The movie was reported to be inspired by the 2006 South Korean movie "A Dirty Carnival". It was remade in Kannada with the same title (2016). The Telugu version is "Gaddalakonda Ganesh" (2019) and the Hindi version is "Bachhan Paandey" (2022).


Siguatepeque

Siguatepeque () is a city and municipality in the Honduran department of Comayagua. The city has a population of 73,480 (2020 calculation).

Siguatepeque is 1100 metres above sea level. It is in the central mountains of Honduras.

In Siguatepeque has a temperate highland oceanic climate. (Köppen: "Cfb"), bordering a humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification "Cwa").


Eduardo VII Park

Eduardo VII Park () is a public park in Lisbon, Portugal. The park have an area of , it is north of Avenida da Liberdade and Marquis of Pombal Square in Lisbon's city center.

The park is named after King Edward VII of the United Kingdom, who visited Portugal in 1903. Until Edward's visit the park was called Parque da Liberdade ("Liberty Park"). In 1945 Portuguese Modernist architect Francisco Keil do Amaral redesigned the park to its current look.

Olissipo

Municipium Cives Romanorum Felicitas Julia Olisipo (in Latin: "Olisippo" or "Ulyssippo" ; in , "Olissipṓn", or "Ὀλισσιπόνα", "Olissipóna") was the ancient name of modern-day Lisbon while it was part of the Roman Empire.

Fernando Medina

Fernando Medina Maciel Almeida Correia (born 10 March 1973) is a Portuguese politician. He is a member of the Socialist Party (PS) who served as Mayor of Lisbon from 2015 to 2021, he succeeded António Costa.

Sewu

Sewu () is a Buddhist temple built in 8th century. It is 800 metres north of Candi Prambanan. Candi Sewu is the second largest Buddhist temple complex after Borobudur temple. Candi Sewu complex consists of 249 temples, although it is called 'Candi Sewu' which means 'a thousand temples' (in Javanese language). This candi is very much related to famous local folklore of Loro Jonggrang.


List of minor planets: 81001–82000


List of minor planets: 82001–83000


List of minor planets: 83001–84000


List of minor planets: 84001–85000


List of minor planets: 85001–86000


List of minor planets: 86001–87000


List of minor planets: 87001–88000


List of minor planets: 88001–89000


List of minor planets: 89001–90000


List of minor planets: 90001–91000


List of minor planets: 91001–92000


List of minor planets: 92001–93000


List of minor planets: 93001–94000


List of minor planets: 94001–95000


List of minor planets: 95001–96000


List of minor planets: 96001–97000


List of minor planets: 97001–98000


List of minor planets: 98001–99000


List of minor planets: 99001–100000


List of minor planets: 100001–101000


Pawon

Pawon () is a Buddhist temple built in the 8 to 9-centuries during Sailendra dynasty and located 1.75 km east of Borobudur temple in Java, Indonesia. Candi Pawon, Candi Mendut and candi Borobudur form a straight line geographically to symbolize binding unity of Buddhist temples during its ritual ceremonies.


Meanings of minor planet names: 1–1000

List of minor planets: 101001–102000


11 Parthenope

Parthenope (minor planet designation: 11 Parthenope) is a large, bright main-belt asteroid.

Parthenope was discovered by Annibale de Gasparis on 11 May 1850. It is the second of his nine asteroid discoveries. It was named after "Parthenopē", who was one of the Sirens in Greek mythology. "Parthenopē" founded the city of Naples. Two symbols were proposed for Parthenope: a fish and a star () and later a lyre (). Both are not used anymore.

On 6 August 2008, during a perihelic opposition, Parthenope had an apparent magnitude of 8.8.

In 1988, a UH88 telescope at the Mauna Kea Observatories looked for it, but they never found it.

It has a rotation period of 13.722 ± 0.001 hours, Its brightness is anywhere from 0.10 ± 0.0s in magnitude.

In 2007, Baer and Chesley discovered that it is of 6.3 kg. It had a density of 3.3 g/cm. In 2008, it was found that it could have a mass of 6.15 instead. In 1997 and 2001, it was thought that that it was 5 kg and had a density 2.7 g/cm.



Mendut

Mendut () is a Buddhist temple built in the 9th century during Sailendra dynasty. It is 2.9 km east of Borobudur temple in Magelang, Central Java. Based on Karangtengah inscription (dated 824 AD), Mendut temple was created and finished during King Indra's reign. Candi Mendut, Candi Pawon and Candi Borobudur form a straight line geographically, which symbolizes the binding unity of Buddhist temples during its ritual ceremonies.


J.A.K.Q. Dengekitai

J.A.K.Q. Dengekitai is a Japanese television series. It is the 2nd in Toei's Super Sentai series. It was aired from April 9, 1977 to December 24, 1977. It was created by Shotaro Ishinomori, and was screened for 35 episodes. It marks the first appearance of a White Ranger in the franchise.




Observation arc

An observation arc (or arc length) of a Solar System body is the amount of time between its earliest and latest observations. It is used for finding its path. It is usually given in days or years. It is used asteroids and comets to find where they go.

A very short arc makes an inaccurate result. Sometimes, the original amount of time is short to figure out if something orbits Earth or the asteroid belt.

For example, was thought to be a trans-Neptunian dwarf planet after an arc-length of one day. Now it is known to be in the 1 km main-belt asteroid.

An observation arc less than 30 days can make it difficult to figure out an Inner Solar System object more than a year after the last observation. It can make the planet lost. Trans-Neptunian objects with observation arcs less than a few years usually have bad results.

As a general rule objects discovered when they are currently farther from the Sun will have greater uncertainties in their initial orbits if the observation arcs are short.

It took an observation arc of about 200 days to confirm that there was an impact on Mars by Oort cloud comet C/2013 A1 (Siding Spring).

Interstellar objects usually need an arc of 2–3 weeks with hundreds of observations to confirm that it has a hyperbolic excess velocity (interstellar speed) of more than a few km/s.

The Comet Swift–Tuttle has a 257-year observation arc. It's closest approach to Earth on 5 August 2126 is about ±10 thousand km. With an observation arc of ~1 year, the uncertainty in 's closest approach to Earth on 23 March 2147 is about ±2 million km.


Quaternion

In mathematics, the quaternion number system extends the complex numbers into four dimensions. They were first described by Irish mathematician William Rowan Hamilton in 1843. They are often used in computer graphics to compute 3-dimensional rotations.


Romeo Must Die

Romeo Must Die is a 2000 American action movie. It was the first movie to be directed by Andrzej Bartkowiak. The movie starred Jet Li, Aaliyah, Isaiah Washington, DMX, Russell Wong, Terry Chen, Delroy Lindo, Anthony Anderson, Edoardo Ballerini. It was distributed by Warner Bros. "Romeo Must Die" is loosely based on the William Shakespeare play "Romeo and Juilet'.


Battle Fever J

Battle Fever J is a Japanese television series. It is the 3rd in Toei's Super Sentai series. "Battle Fever J" was a co-production of Toei Company and Marvel Comics. A total of 52 episodes aired on TV Asahi between February 3, 1978 and January 26, 1980.
The team have codenames named for countries around the world, also respectively named in their theme song: Battle France, Battle Cossack (Soviet Union), Battle Kenya, Miss America (United States) and Battle Japan.

This was the first series in the Super Sentai franchise where the heroes must control giant robots to defeat a monster who itself has grown to a gigantic size.
Battle Fever J also marks the first appearance of a Black Ranger in the franchise. 
Toei's tokusatsu adaptation of "Spider-Man" was the first to introduce this format and was also the inspiration for this series. The series was also partially inspired by the Marvel Comics character Captain America.

"Battle Fever J" was also the first series to use the term Super Sentai (unlike the previous two who were just called Sentai, without the "Super") until Toei announced in 1995 that its predecessors "Himitsu Sentai Gorenger" and "J.A.K.Q. Dengekitai" were also part of the Super Sentai series, when "Chouriki Sentai Ohranger" was announced as the 19th Super Sentai team.

General Kurama assembles four young agents who had been dispatched around the world for training. They are joined by FBI investigator Diane Martin, whose father was murdered by Egos. The five don powered suits to become the Battle Fever team. The Battle Fever team's trump card is the Battle Fever Robo. Egos tries to stop the construction of the Robot. Although the monsters they send to perform this task are defeated one by one by the Fever team. Egos then unleashes the "younger brother" of the Buffalo Monster, a giant robot replica of its "older brother". The Robot, fortunately, is finished in time. Aboard it, the Fever team defeats the Buffalo Monster and its successors. The Fever team never stops, even when is lost two of its members (the original Miss America and Battle Cossack). With new members, the team defeats Hedder, now the Hedder Monster, and breaks into Egos' headquarters, where they are fed into the Egos Monster Making Machine so that they may be used as material for a Battle Fever Monster. The team destroys the machine and slays the mysterious deity Satan Egos himself with the Lightning Sword Rocketter sword-throwing move.




Denshi Sentai Denjiman

Denshi Sentai Denjiman is a Japanese television series. It is the 4th in Toei's Super Sentai series. It was broadcast from February 2, 1980 to January 31, 1981.

"Denjiman" is the first "Super Sentai" series entirely produced by Toei, since "Gorenger" and "J.A.K.Q." were co-produced with Ishimori Productions and "Battle Fever J" was co-produced with Marvel Comics.

3,000 years ago, the Vader Clan, led by Queen Hedrian, devastated the planet Denji. Denji Land, an island from Denji, landed on Earth. in modern times, the computer of Denji Land awoke the Denji Dog IC when it detected the Vader Clan approaching Earth. IC found five young people (who may or may not be descendants of the Denji people) to become Denjiman in order to defend Earth, the Vader Clan's next target.



Open Library

Open Library is an online project to create "one web page for every book ever published". Created by Aaron Swartz, Brewster Kahle, Alexis Rossi, Anand Chitipothu, and Rebecca Malamud, This is a project of the Internet Archive.


Taiyo Sentai Sun Vulcan

Taiyo Sentai Sun Vulcan is a Japanese television series. It is the 5th in Toei's Super Sentai series. It was broadcast from February 7, 1981, to January 30, 1982, and is the "Super Sentai" series to serve as a direct sequel to its previous series ("Denshi Sentai Denjiman"). It is also the first and only series in the franchise to have an all-male "Super Sentai" team and the first to have fewer than five members in the core team.

The threat of the Machine Empire Black Magma causes the United Nations to establish the Solar Sentai at a summit. From the UN's Guardians of World Peace's (GWP) air force, navy, and rangers, Commander Arashiyama assembles three specialists to become Sun Vulcan. When Black Magma learns of this, he attacks the GWP's base, but Sun Vulcan debuts in time to save it. Hell Saturn prays to the Black Solar God and is rewarded with a revived Queen Heridan, now a cyborg with a mechanical heart and a metallic Afro. Black Magma multiple plots, even with Herdian's aid, fails. Following the death of 01, Amazon Killer, (a Vader) arrives from space, destroying the Sun Vulcan Base. A new Vulcan Base is then built.

The original Vul Eagle, Ryusuke Ohwashi, is replaced by a friend and master of the sword, Takayuki Hiba (who first appeared on episode 23).



The Octagon (movie)

The Octagon is a 1980 American action movie directed by Eric Karson and starring Chuck Norris, Ernie Hudson, Karen Carlson, Lee Van Cleef, Tadashi Yamashita, Art Hindle, Ernie Hudson, Aaron Norris, Yuki Shimoda, Kim Lankford. It was distributed by American Cinema Productions.


Dai Sentai Goggle-V

Dai Sentai Goggle-V is a Japanese television series. It is the 6th in Toei's Super Sentai series. It aired on TV Asahi from February 6, 1982 to January 29, 1983, with a total of 50 episodes.

The Dark Science Empire Desdark launches its scheme for world conquest from their Destopia Castle in Germany. Dr. Hideki Hongo, founder of the Future Science Laboratory, is saved from one of their attacks by world class explorer Kenichi Akama. Using his Computer Boys & Girls, Hongo recruits five people, including Kenichi, to form the Dai Sentai Goggle-V (Goggle 5), the only force capable of stopping Desdark.




Choral concerto

A choral concerto is a type of sacred music. It is written for voices without any instruments. This is because the Orthodox Church does not allow musical instruments in their church. It became popular in the Russian Empire in the middle of the seventeenth century. Dmitry Bortniansky and Maxim Berezovsky were important composers of the choral concerto.

Kagaku Sentai Dynaman

Kagaku Sentai Dynaman is a Japanese television series. It is the 7th in Toei's Super Sentai series. It aired on TV Asahi from February 5, 1983, to January 28, 1984, with a total 51 episodes.

Yutaka Izabuchi designed the villains of the series. This was his first time designing "Super Sentai" suits and costumes.




Sünnet

Sünnet is a festival of circumcision of boys in Turkey and other Muslim Turkic peoples, Crimean Tatars and Turkish Gypsys. It is based on religion and cultural tradition. Mostly Turkish families in Turkey and abroad make a Sünnet party for their sons, with music and dancing. The boy has presents. More religious families will have a ceremony with a Imam. The age of the circumcised boys vary but generally it is performed when the boys are 5-7 years old. The operation is made by a special medical man, called Sünnetçi (circumciser) The tradition of also includes a Kirve (Godparent), a man who holds the boy at the festival, especially in Alevism and Bektashi believers families. Circumcision is very important, because to be uncut is shameful and regarded as "not a real man"
A Sünnet party is also performed by Albanians, Bosniaks, Torbesh, Xoraxane, Pomak and Gorani people. This tradition was taken up by the Balkan Muslims when large parts of the Balkans belonged to the Ottoman Empire, 

Battle of São Mamede

The Battle of São Mamede (, ) took place on 24 June 1128 near Guimarães and is an important event for the foundation of the Kingdom of Portugal and the battle that helped Portugal's Independence. Portuguese forces led by Afonso Henriques defeated forces led by his mother Teresa of Portugal and Fernão Peres de Trava. Following São Mamede, the future king styled himself "Prince of Portugal". He would be called "King of Portugal" starting in 1139 and was recognised by neighbouring kingdoms in 1143.


Nyctimantis brunoi

Bruno's casque-headed frog or Bruno's bony-headed frog ("Nyctimantis brunoi") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Scientists think it might live in Brazil too. Scientists have seen it between 200 and 1200 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 48.88 to 62.42 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 56.32 to 81.24 mm long. The frog's head is longer than it is wide.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. This frog has a bony head. It looks for holes in trees where it can hide. The frog goes into the hole and then puts its head against the opening to cover it. This frog can make a substance in its skin. The substance has chemicals and toxins in it that can make human skin hurt. Scientists think the frog might make this substance to stop other animals from eating it, but they have never seen the frog do this. When a human scientist picks up the frog, it usually stays very still. Scientists think the frog escapes from predators by pretending to be dead.

This frog does not lay eggs in holes in trees. Scientists are not sure, but they think it lays eggs in temporary bodies of water that form on the sand during the rainy season. The female frog lays eggs early so the tadpoles have time to grow into young frogs before the pools dry up.

This frog will eat almost any animal with bones on the outside, for example insects, spiders, and centipedes. But it can also eat some plants. It will eat other frogs if it can catch them.

This frog is not in danger of dying out but there are fewer ofthem than there were because human beings change the places where the frog lives. Human beings cut down forests to build farms and cities and to allow animals to eat grass.

Terra de Miranda

Terra de Miranda ("Tierra de Miranda" in Mirandese, "Terras de Miranda" in Portuguese) is the historical name of a 500 km² mesa in northeastern Portugal, it is at the border of Spain.

University of Lisbon

The University of Lisbon (ULisboa; , ) is a public research university in Lisbon, Portugal. It is the largest university in the country. The university was founded in 2013.

Mac Studio

Mac Studio is a Mac that was announced at "Peek Performance" event on 8 March 2022. It was released on 18 March 2022. It costs $1999 for M1 Max, 32GB RAM and 512GB storage and $3999 for M1 Ultra, 64GB RAM and 1TB storage.

Salesians of Don Bosco

The Salesians of Don Bosco (SDB), formally known as the Society of Saint Francis de Sales (), is a religious congregation of men in the Catholic Church, it’s founded in the late 19th century by Italian priest Saint Don Bosco to help poor children during the Industrial Revolution. The congregation was named after Saint Francis de Sales, a 17th-century bishop of Geneva.

Free-to-air

Free-to-air services are Television and Radio services that broadcast around the world with clear and unencrypted form, unlike local air services they broadcast worldwide than just locally, with that it allows just anyone with appropriate receiving equipment to receive the signal and view or listen the content without requiring a subscription. 

IPhone SE (3rd generation)

The third-generation iPhone SE is a smartphone designed by Apple Inc. It is the successor to second-generation iPhone SE, which was released in April 2020. Apple announced the device on March 8, 2022 with pre-orders set on March 11, 2022. It will be released in Apple's online store worldwide on March 18, 2022.

The new iPhone SE uses the A15 chip found in the iPhone 13 Pro and 13 Pro Max devices. Like the iPhone 8, it retains the Touch ID fingerprint sensor inside a physical home button, and a 4.7″ LCD screen (compared to the smaller 4.0″ screen on the original iPhone SE). It is available in the colors Midnight, Starlight, and (Product)RED. All color finishes of the phone have a black front.

France Télévisions

France Télévisions (; stylized as france·tv) is the French national public television broadcasting. the company is owned by the state and also owns other Subsidiary companies such as France 2 (formerly Antenne 2) and France 3 (formerly France Régions 3), later joined by the legally independent channels France 4 (formerly Festival), and France Five (formerly La Cinquième).

France 3

France 3 () is a French free-to-air public broadcasting channel and a part of France Télévisions group, which owns France 2, France 4, and France 5.

DIC Entertainment

The DIC Entertainment Corporation was an international movie and television production company that was mostly associated as an animation studio, that animated several live-action shows and also produced live-action feature films, licensed various anime series.

On June 20, 2008, DIC was acquired by the Cookie Jar Group and was folded into it. later on 2021, most of the DIC library is currently owned by WildBrain (formerly DHX Media) after DHX acquired the Cookie Jar Group on October 22, 2012.

Victor Yerrid

Victor Yerrid (born November 13, 1971) is an American puppeteer and actor known for his works for The Jim Henson Company and has performed Muppet characters in many movies, TV series and TV commercials. Yerrid is best known in the Muppet world for his work on the online series "Statler and Waldorf: From the Balcony", in which he performed Waldorf along with an assortment of other characters.

Yerrid was also a lead performer of the Jim Henson Company's "Puppet Up!" improv show and is currently working on "The Skrumps" for the company as well. He was also a lead puppeteer on the shows "Crank Yankers" and "Greg the Bunny".

Valeriy Petrov

Valeriy Pavlovych Petrov (; 2 March 1955 – 8 March 2022) was a Soviet football player. He played as a striker for SC Tavriya Simferopol.

Petrov died from COVID-19 on 8 March 2022 in Simferopol, Ukraine, at the age of 67.


Sergei Mandreko

Sergei Vladimirovich Mandreko (; 1 August 1971 – 8 March 2022) was a Russian-Tajik football coach and player. He played as a midfielder. He played for CIS, Russia and Tajikistan. 

From 2008 until 2009 Mandreko worked as an assistant manager under Rashid Rakhimov during his time with FC Lokomotiv Moscow.

Mandreko was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in 2016. He died on 8 March 2022 from the disease, at the age of 50.

Fernando Carlos Maletti

Fernando Carlos Maletti (17 March 1949 – 8 March 2022) was an Argentine prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was bishop of San Carlos de Bariloche from 2001 until 2013. He later became bishop of Merlo-Moreno. Maletti was born in Buenos Aires.

Maletti died on 8 March 2022, at the age of 72.

Gordon Lee (footballer)

Gordon Francis Lee (13 July 1934 – 8 March 2022) was an English footballer and football manager. He played 144 league and cup matches in the Football League. 

Lee died on 8 March 2022, at the age of 87.

Source:

Cannock

Cannock () is a town in the Cannock Chase district in the county of Staffordshire, England. It had a population of 29,018.


Endurance (1912 ship)

Endurance was a ship in which Sir Ernest Shackleton and a crew of 27 men and one cat sailed for the Antarctic on the 1914–1917 while they were on the Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition. It was launched in 1912 from Sandefjord in Norway. Three years later, it was crushed by pack ice and sank in the Weddell Sea off Antarctica. All of its crew survived.

On 9 March 2022, 107 years later, it was announced that the wreck of "Endurance" was found in "good condition". 

Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition

The Imperial Trans-Antarctic expedition of 1914–1917 is seen as the last major expedition of the Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration. It was led by Sir Ernest Shackleton. The expedition was an attempt to make the first land crossing of the Antarctic continent. Shackleton's expedition failed when his ship, "Endurance" sank.

Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration

The Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration was an era in the exploration of the continent of Antarctica. It began at the end of the 19th century, and ended after the First World War.

During the Heroic Age, the Antarctic region became the focus of international attention from ten countries. 

Both the geographic and magnetic South Poles were reached for the first time during the Heroic Age.

Choudenshi Bioman

Choudenshi Bioman is a Japanese television series. It is the 8th in Toei's Super Sentai series. Its 51 episodes aired on TV Asahi from February 4, 1984 to January 26, 1985 with a movie being released during the show's initial run.

It is the first Super Sentai series to have two females in the main five as well as the first Super Sentai series to have a female Yellow Ranger.

The once prosperous Planet Bio is destroyed after a world war erupted over the use of a scientific discovery called "Bio Particles". The Planet Bio Peacekeeping Alliance, which sought to use Bio Particles for peaceful purposes, sends the giant robot Bio Robo and an assistant robot named Peebo to prevent the same tragedy from happening on Earth. Bio Robo arrives in the 15th century Japan, where it showers Bio Particles on five young individuals. Five centuries later, the descendants of these individuals, infused with Bio Particles, are chosen by Peebo and Bio Robo to become the Bioman team to protect the Earth from the Neo-Empire Gear, an organization led by mad scientist Doctor Man.




Grandpa Elliott

Grandpa Elliott (born Elliot Small; July 10, 1944 – March 8, 2022), also known as Uncle Remus, was an American street-musician in New Orleans. He played the harmonica and sang. He was a street icon in New Orleans.

Small died from problems caused by a skin infection on March 8, 2022, at the age of 77.

Willa Fitzgerald

Willa Fitzgerald is an American actress. She is known for her starring role as Emma Duval in MTV's Scream Tv series. She has played cheer coach Colette French in the USA Network's television drama series Dare me.

Margaret Farrow

Margaret A. Farrow (November 28, 1934 – March 8, 2022) was an American Republican politician. She was the 42nd Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin from 2001 until 2003. She was the first woman to hold the office. Farrow was also a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1986 until 1989 and Wisconsin State Senate from 1989 until 1991. Farrow was born in Kenosha, Wisconsin.

Farrow died on March 8, 2022 in Pewaukee, Wisconsin at the age of 87.

Maximilian Ahlschwede

Maximilian Ahlschwede (born 10 February 1990) is a German footballer who plays for TuS Dassendorf. During his career he played, among others, for the 3. Liga sides of SV Wehen Wiesbaden, Würzburger Kickers and F.C. Hansa Rostock.

In late January 2015, his contract with SV Wehen Wiesbaden was dissolved and he moved to Hansa Rostock. In 2017 he moved to Würzburger Kickers on a two-year contract but returned to Rostock after.

In May 2020 he extended his contract with Rostock by one more year but later in July he decided for family reasons to dissolve the contract and quit from professional football.


Wisconsin State Assembly

The Wisconsin State Assembly is the lower house of the Wisconsin Legislature. Together with the smaller Wisconsin Senate, the two make the legislative branch of the U.S. state of Wisconsin.

Representatives are elected for two-year terms, elected during the fall elections.

The Wisconsin Constitution limits the size of the State Assembly to between 54 and 100 members.

The Assembly chamber is in the west wing of the Wisconsin State Capitol building, in Madison, Wisconsin.


Pewaukee, Wisconsin

Pewaukee is a city in Waukesha County, Wisconsin. The population was 13,195 at the 2010 census.

Stefan Aigner

Stefan Aigner (born 20 August 1987) is a German retired footballer who played as a midfielder.

In June 2021, Aigner announced his retirement from professional football.


Bashkim Ajdini

Bashkim Ajdini (born 10 December 1992), previously known as Bashkim Renneke is a Kosovan professional footballer who plays as a right-back for German club SV Sandhausen.

On 24 May 2016, Ajdini joined 3. Liga side VfL Osnabrück. On 31 July 2016, he made his debut in a 0–1 away win against Preußen Münster after coming on as a substitute at 58th minute in place of Jules Reimerink. Twenty-six days after his debut, Ajdini scored his first goal for VfL Osnabrück in his second appearance for the club in a 4–2 away defeat over Werder Bremen II in 3. Liga.

On 28 June 2021, Ajdini joined 2. Bundesliga side SV Sandhausen, to replace the injured Dennis Diekmeier as the second choice. On 25 July 2021, he made his debut in a 0–2 home defeat against Fortuna Düsseldorf after being named in the starting line-up.

Ajdini was available for Kosovo and Germany internationally, as well as Sweden, his birthplace. On 25 May 2021, he received a call-up from Kosovo for the friendly matches against San Marino and Malta, he was an unused substitute in these matches.


Bröckel

Bröckel (pronounced with a long ö) is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It belongs to the collective municipality of Flotwedel with its seat in Wienhausen.

Bröckel 9s southeast of Celle. The River Fuhse, which separates Bröckel from the neighbouring parish of Uetze flows past about two kilometers south of the village.

The parish contains the hamlets of Katzhorn and Weghaus.

Bröckel is on the B 214 federal road which runs around the village on a bypass.



Desislav Chukolov

Desislav Slavov Chukolov (Bulgarian: Десислав Славов Чуколов; 22 December 1974 – March 2022) was a Bulgarian politician. He was a member of the Attack Party. He was born in Ruse, Bulgaria. He was elected member of the European Parliament from Bulgaria on 20 May 2007. He left office in 2009.

Chukolov died in March 2022, at the age of 47.

Kristian Vigenin

Kristian Ivanov Vigenin (; born 12 June 1975) is a Bulgarian politician. From 2013 until 2014, he was the Minister of Foreign Affairs. He was elected as a member of the European Parliament in 2007. He left the parliament in 2014.

Altencelle

Altencelle is part of the borough of Celle in Lower Saxony and is southeast of the town centre, west of the River Aller and east of the Fuhse. It is linked to Celle by the B 214 federal road and state highway K 74.


Altenhagen (Celle)

Altenhagen has been a municipality in the borough of Celle in northern Germany since 1973. It is on the northeastern edge of the town. The original village dates back to 1377.

The area is divided into a new industrial estate and the old village by the B 191 federal road that runs from Celle to Eschede and Uelzen. The industrial estate includes a post office distribution centre. The railway line from Celle to Wittingen runs past the edge of Altenhagen, but the station at Altenhagen has rarely been used since it was closed to passenger services.


Garßen

Garßen is a Lower Saxon village in the southern part of the Lüneburg Heath and, since 1973, part of the borough of Celle in Germany. It is on the northeastern side of the town.


Tomás Boy

Tomás Juan Boy Espinoza (June 28, 1951 – March 8, 2022) was a Mexican football player and manager. He played as an attacking midfielder. Boy was born in Mexico City. He played for the Mexico national football team from 1979 until 1987.

Boy was hospitalized for a pulmonary embolism in Acapulco, Mexico on March 4, 2022. He died four days later from problems caused by the condition, at the age of 70.

Groß Hehlen

Groß Hehlen is a village north of the town of Celle in the German state of Lower Saxony. It is linked to the town via the K 27 district road which joins the main B 3 federal highway from Bergen. Groß Hehlen is linked to its neighbouring village of Scheuen to the north via the L 240.


Klein Hehlen

The village of Klein Hehlen was incorporated in 1939 by law into the nearby town of Celle. The suburb is northwest of the town centre.


Joseph R. Bowen

Joseph R. Bowen (April 22, 1950 – March 8, 2022) was an American politician and businessman. Bowen was born in Evansville, Indiana. Bowen was a member of the Kentucky State Senate from 2011 to 2019. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was in the Kentucky House of Representatives from 2005 to 2007. 

On March 8, 2022, it was announced that Bowen died from a heart attack at the age of 71.

Héctor Vargas Bastidas

Héctor Eduardo Vargas Bastidas (29 December 1951 – 7 March 2022) was a Chilean Roman Catholic prelate. He was Bishop of Arica from 25 November 2003 until 14 May 2013 and Bishop of Temuco from 14 May 2013 until his death. He was born in Valdivia, Chile.

Vargas Bastidas died on 7 March 2022 in Temuco, Chile, at the age of 70.

Oleksandr Marchenko (politician)

Oleksandr Oleksandrovych Marchenko (; 14 January 1965 – 7 March 2022) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of Svoboda. He was in the Verkhovna Rada from 2014 to 2019. 

Marchenko died in battle in Pushcha-Vodytsia while fighting in the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine on 7 March, at the age of 57. 

Neuenhäusen

Neuenhäusen is a suburb of the town of Celle in Lower Saxony, Germany, and is south of the "Altstadt" (old town) in its centre.

Renny Cushing

Robert Reynolds Cushing (July 20, 1952 – March 7, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives from 1986 until 1988, 1996 until 1998, 2008 until 2010 and from 2012 until his death. Cushing was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. 

In 2020, Cushing was diagnosed with stage four prostate cancer. He died from the disease in Hampton, New Hampshire on March 7, 2022 at the age of 69.

Westercelle

Westercelle is a suburb of the district town of Celle in Lower Saxony, Germany, that is 3 kilometres (1.9 miles) south of the town centre on the river Fuhse.



Hampton, New Hampshire

Hampton is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 16,214 at the 2020 census.

Wietzenbruch

Wietzenbruch is a suburb in the southwest of the Lower Saxon town of Celle.


Vasily Astafyev

Vasily Mikhailovich Astafyev () (25 October 1919 – 7 March 2022) was a Soviet officer. He was part of the Winter War, as well as the Eastern Front. 

He was deputy commander of the 104th Guards Separate Sapper Battalion of the 89th Guards Rifle Division of the 37th Army of the Steppe Front, as guard captain. 

He was honored with Hero of the Soviet Union on 20 December 1943.

Astafyev turned 100 on 25 October 2019. He died in Perm, Russia on 7 March 2022, at the age of 102.

Eicklingen

Eicklingen is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Eldingen

Eldingen is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Berty Gunathilake

Besthiyage Don Bertie Sangathissa Gunathilake (; 2 August 1924 – 6 March 2022), popularly as Berty Gunathilake, was a Sri Lankan actor and comedian. He was born in Ampitiya, Kandy, British Ceylon. His career lasted from 1947 until 2003. His best known roles were in "Binaramalee" (1969), "Cheriyo Captain" (1995), "Somy Boys" (2002) and "Vala In London" (2003).

Gunathilake died on 6 March 2022 at a hospital in Kahawatta, Sri Lanka at the age of 97.

Eschede

Eschede () is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany. About 15 km northeast of Celle, Eschede is at the border of the Südheide Nature Park, a protected area of large forests and heaths. Today around 20 small villages are part of the "Gemeinde Eschede".



Faßberg

Faßberg (ang. Fassberg) is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 35 km north of Celle, and 30 km west of Uelzen.



Frank Fleming (politician)

Frank Richard Fleming (December 11, 1953 – March 6, 2022) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Montana House of Representatives from the 51st district from 2018 until his death in 2022. Fleming was born in Great Falls, Montana. 

Fleming died on March 6, 2022 from a long-illness in Billings, Montana at the age of 68.

Müden (Örtze)

Müden is a village in the municipality of Faßberg in the southern part of the Lüneburg Heath in the German state of Lower Saxony.

The village, which is in the district of Celle. The nearest big towns are Lüneburg (60 km north), Soltau (30 km west), Uelzen (45 km east) and Celle (32 km south). The two rivers, the Wietze and the Örtze merge in Müden.


Anne Beaumanoir

Anne Beaumanoir (30 October 1923 – 4 March 2022) was a French neurophysiologist. She was known for helping Jews in Brittany during the Second World War. She was a part of the Righteous Among the Nations. She was also part of the French Resistance during the Second World War. She was sent to jail for supporting the FLN in the Algerian War.

Beaumanor died on 4 March 2022 in Saint-Cast-le-Guildo, France at the age of 98.

Hambühren

Hambühren is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about west of Celle.

David Bennett Sr.

David Bennett Sr. (1964 – March 8, 2022) was an American medical patient. He was the first patient to have a xenotransplantation with a genetically modified heart. On January 7, 2022, aged 57, he received the heart of a gene-edited pig. He was born in Maryland.

Bennett died in Baltimore, Maryland on March 8, 2022, at the age of 57.

Bennett suffered from advanced heart failure, accompanied by cardiac arrhythmias. Due to insufficient adherence to therapy - among other things, he had not made sufficient efforts to control his blood pressure - the treating physicians saw him as unsuitable for an allotransplantation. There were doubts as to whether, given the very scarce human organs, one should be able to give one to a person whose subsequent compliance was not assured. Therefore, with Bennett's approval, an exemption was sought from the Food and Drug Administration to perform a pig heart transplant.

The procedure took place on January 7, 2022 and was performed by US cardiac surgeon Bartley P. Griffith at the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore.

The clinic reported January 10 with video from the operating room and a picture of the isolated pig heart. The patient had survived the typical period of a rapid rejection reaction, was conscious and reflected on his situation. He knows it's "a shot in the dark," but it's his last chance. The clinic quoted him as saying he was looking forward to getting up soon. By January 18, Bennett was off the heart-lung machine and able to communicate with those around him.

One month after the procedure, it was reported that the patient remained bedridden. Attempts were made to mobilize him with physiotherapy. A rejection reaction to the foreign organ had not materialized until then.

Two months after the transplant, Bennett died on March 8, 2022, after his health had deteriorated over a few days.

About two months after Bennett's death, doctors announced that he had been diagnosed with a swine virus. It was also said that it was possible that the virus had been the cause of death. It could also have been silent and had no effect on the patient. A combination with other factors contributing to the cause of death can also be considered.

Jesús Zúñiga

Jesús Zúñiga Mendoza (15 April 1947 – 7 March 2022) was a Mexican farmer and politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 2015 to 2018. Zúñiga was born in El Chante, Jalisco, Mexico. From 1987 until 1988, he was the Mayor of Unión de Tula.

Zúñiga was found murdered at his ranch in El Chante on 7 March 2022, at the age of 74.

Oggy and the Cockroaches: Next Generation

Oggy and the Cockroaches: Next Generation is a reboot of the 1997 cartoon, "Oggy and the Cockroaches", created by Jean-Yves Raimbaud and produced by Xilam for Netflix. The series lacks the other main characters featured in the original (Jack, Olivia and Bob), instead adding one new character - Piya. The show is currently available in French, on Gulli's streaming websites (Gulli and Gulli Max), as well as its app. However, it is labeled as "Oggy"'s eighth season.

Oggy shares his home with a trio of cockroaches – Joey, Dee Dee and Marky, pranksters who only want to mess with him. His Indian friends also drop off their 7-year old daughter, Piya, an happy-go-lucky elephant with an high-spirited attitude. Now that Oggy has to be her caretaker, the cockroaches have found someone they can use to their advantage. Bob is having a nephew, Kevin. Jack and Olivia aren't the main characters in that series, this time.


Oggy Oggy

Oggy Oggy is a French CGI animated televison series for children. It is a spin-off of "Oggy and the Cockroaches". It was created by Jean Cayrol & Cédric Guarneri. The series was announced on April 25, 2019. Production began in Summer 2019. The series released its first season on Netflix on August 24, 2021. A second season is being made. It is expected to release sometime in 2022.

Unlike "Oggy and the Cockroaches" (which was for pre-teen (ages 6–12) audiences), this series is for younger audiences (ages of 3-5).

The series follows Oggy as a kitten, who goes on cockroach-free adventures with his friends in a world where everything is made out of children's toys.


<onlyinclude> </onlyinclude>

Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger

Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger is a Japanese television series. It is the 40th in Toei's Super Sentai series. "Super Hero Time" joined "Kamen Rider Ghost" and then "Kamen Rider Ex-Aid".





Markwayne Mullin

Mark Wayne "Markwayne" Mullin (born July 26, 1977) is an American politician, businessman, and former professional mixed martial arts fighter who is the U.S. Senator from Oklahoma since 2023. He is a member of the U.S. House of Representative for Oklahoma's 2nd congressional district from 2013 to 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party. 

In February 2022, Mullin announced his candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2022 special election to replace retiring Senator Jim Inhofe. He won the Republican nomination in the August 2022 run-off primary. He won the general election in November 2022, beating Democrat Kendra Horn.

He is an enrolled citizen of the Cherokee Nation.

Bluey (2018 TV series)

Bluey is an Australian children's television show. The first episode aired on October 1, 2018. The show's available on ABC Kids in Australia. It's distributed by BBC Children's Productions. In the United States, it's only on Disney Channel.

The show's about a cheerful Australian Cattle Dog called Bluey, with her little sister, Bingo and her parents: Bandit and Chilli. The rest of the characters are different species of dog. Nana, Bob, Rad, Stripe, Trixie, Muffin, and Socks are also Heelers. Bluey's friends are all dogs.

The show has a high audience in Australia on television and on online platforms. These include a Logie and International Emmy Award.

All of the children's voices are done by children of the people who make the series. Famous celebrities have also voiced characters, like Anthony Field and Lin-Manuel Miranda. 




Continental Portugal

Continental Portugal (, ) or mainland Portugal is made of most of the Portuguese Republic, the part on the Iberian Peninsula and in Continental Europe, having about 95% of the total population and 96.6% of the country's land.

The other parts of Portugal are the Azores and Madeira, which are islands in the Atlantic Ocean.

Constitution of Portugal

The current Constitution of Portugal was adopted in 1976 after the Carnation Revolution.

Autonomous Regions of Portugal

The two Autonomous Regions of Portugal () are the Azores ("Região Autónoma dos Açores") and Madeira ("Região Autónoma da Madeira").

Salé

Salé (, ; ) is a city in northwestern Morocco, on the right of the Bou Regreg river. It was founded in about 1030 by the Banu Ifran,

Rabat–Salé Airport

Salé Airport or Rabat–Salé Airport is an international airport located in the city of Salé, also serving Rabat, the capital city of Morocco and of the Rabat-Salé-Kénitra region

Hassan Tower

Hassan Tower or Tour Hassan (; ) is the minaret of an unfinished mosque in Rabat, Morocco.

Hohne

Hohne is a municipality in the state of Lower Saxony in Germany, east of the county town of Celle. It includes the three previous parishes of Hohne, Helmerkamp and Spechtshorn. It should not be confused with the British Army camp of Hohne (German: "Lager Bergen-Hohne") near Belsen about 30 km to the northwest.

Hohne is on the River Wiehe, a right-hand tributary of the Schwarzwasser, which itself flows into the River Aller near Schwachhausen.

Lachendorf

Lachendorf (West Low German: "Lachendörp") is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 10 km east of Celle.

Lachendorf is also the seat of the collective municipality Lachendorf.

Lachendorf is twinned with:


List of twin towns and sister cities in Germany

Many municipalities in Germany are "twin towns" (usually in Europe) or "sister cities" (usually in the rest of the world) with local communities in other countries, or in other parts of Germany (mostly across the previous inner German border). Below are lists of these municipalities and the communities they are paired with.


Laacher See

Laacher See (literally: Lake Laach; ) is a volcanic caldera lake located in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

The diameter is 2 km, and it is located 24 km from Koblenz, 8 km from Andernach and the Rhine River, and 37 km from Bonn. Its last volcanic eruption, which was a Plinian eruption, was around 11,000 years B.C., with a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 6, having the same magnitude as the Plinian eruption of Mount Pinatubo in 1991. It is part of the mountainous Eifel region, and the East Eifel Volcanic Region, which was formed after the collision of the African and Eurasian continents millions of years ago. Bubbles of odorless CO gas called mofettas are released from the lake, which means that the volcano is dormant. To the west of the lake is the Maria Laach Abbey, built in 1092 by Henry II of Laach, Count of the House of Luxembourg.


Svoboda

Svoboda (), or swoboda is the abstract noun that means freedom in various Slavic languages. It can be:







Langlingen

Langlingen is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Lohheide

Lohheide is an unincorporated area in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Its area is . 764 people live there (as at 31 December 2006). Together with administrative area of Osterheide it is part of the Bergen-Hohne Military Training Area.


Nienhagen, Lower Saxony

Nienhagen is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Donald Faison

Donald Adeosun Faison (born June 22, 1974) is an American actor. He is best known for his leading role as Dr. Chris Turk in the ABC/NBC comedy-drama "Scrubs" (2001-2010) and a supporting role as Murray in both the movie "Clueless" and the television series of the same name. He also starred as Phil Chase in the TV Land sitcom "The Exes" (2011-2015).

Faison also co-starred in the movies "Waiting to Exhale" (1995), "Remember the Titans" (2000), "Uptown Girls" (2003), "Something New" (2006), "Next Day Air" (2009) and "Kick-Ass 2" (2013).

Community of Portuguese Language Countries

The Community of Portuguese Language Countries (Portuguese: Comunidade dos Países de Língua Portuguesa; abbreviated as the CPLP), also known as the Lusophone Commonwealth ("Comunidade Lusófona"), is an international organization and political association of Portuguese-speaking nations across four continents.

Jim Hanks

James Mathew Hanks (born June 15, 1961) is an American actor and filmmaker. He has played many small roles in movies and guest appearances on television. He also does voice substitution work for his older brother Tom Hanks (most notably Sheriff Woody for talking toys and video games). He has produced, directed and filmed several short movies. Hanks made his film debut in "Buford's Beach Bunnies" (1993).


Tom Sheppard

Tom Sheppard is an American director, writer and voice actor. He is one of the head writers for the television program "Robot Chicken ". Sheppard has won several Academy Awards for his work. This includes his work with "Robot Chicken" and "Pinky and the Brain". Other projects he has worked on include "The High Fructose Adventures of Annoying Orange" and "Animaniacs".

Erik Weiner

Erik Weiner (born June 7, 1977) is an American actor, writer, comedian and producer. He is best known for co-creating the play "The Bomb-itty of Errors" with Jordan Allen-Dutton, and his role as Agent Sesbo on HBO's "Boardwalk Empire".


Hugh Davidson

Hugh Davidson is an American actor and writer. He is best known for his work on the Adult Swim television series Robot Chicken.

Dan Milano

Daniel Howard Milano (born September 10, 1972 in Northport, New York) is an American voice actor, puppeteer, writer and director. He was one of the creators of the FOX sitcom Greg the Bunny and performed the title character as well as Warren the Ape and The Wumpus. He is also one of the voice actors and writers of Robot Chicken, and was nominated for an Emmy for writing Robot Chicken: Star Wars II.

Sam Register

Samuel Barnard Register (born June 16, 1969) is an American television producer and businessman. He is the president of Warner Bros. Animation, Warner Digital Series, Cartoon Network Studios and Hanna-Barbera Studios Europe.

Kalasan

Kalasan () is a Buddhist temple built in the 8-century during Sailendra dynasty and located near Sewu temple in Yogyakarta region of Indonesia. Based on Kalasan inscription (dated 778 AD written in Sanskrit with Pranagari script), Kalasan temple was created by King 'Guru Sang Raja Sailendravamçatilaka' as sacred building dedicated to the goddess Tara (Devi).


Ethiopia, Be Happy

Ethiopia, Be Happy () or Ityoṗya hoy des Ybelish was the anthem of Ethiopia during the reign of Emperor Haile Selassie (1930) until his overthrow in 1974, by the Derg Regime. Lyrics was written collectively and music was composed by Kevork Nalbandian.


Voiced palatal nasal

The voiced palatal nasal is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨J⟩. English does not have this sound but Spanish does, where it is represented by "ñ".


International Phonetic Alphabet chart

This page is a chart of the International Phonetic Alphabet. The International Phonetic Alphabet is a system of phonetic symbols. These are created and maintained by the International Phonetic Association. It is not a full list of every single sound that is in every language.



Maxwell Atoms

Adam Maxwell Burton (born September 21, 1974) is an American animator, screenwriter, storyboard artist and voice actor. He is best known for creating the Cartoon Network series "Grim & Evil" and it's spin-offs "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy" and "Evil Con Carne".

DC League of Super-Pets

DC League of Super-Pets is a 2022 American 3D computer-animated superhero comedy movie by Warner Animation Group. It is based on the DC Comics superhero team Legion of Super-Pets. 

The movie is directed by Jared Stern. The cast includes Dwayne Johnson, Kevin Hart, Kate McKinnon, John Krasinski, Vanessa Bayer, Natasha Lyonne, Diego Luna, Thomas Middleditch, Ben Schwartz, and Keanu Reeves.

"DC League of Super-Pets" was released in the United States on July 29, 2022, by Warner Bros. Pictures. It will be available to stream on HBO Max 45 days after its theatrical release.

Voiced velar nasal

The voiced velar nasal is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨N⟩. The English language has this sound. It is the sound represented by "ng" in "walking" and "angst".


Front vowel

A front vowel is a type of vowel. It is used some spoken languages. Front vowels are in the highest point in the tongue. It is as forwards in the mouth as far as possible. If it were any closer to the mouth, it would be consonant. Front vowels are also sometimes called bright vowels. This is because they are sound brighter than the back vowels.

Near-front vowels are basically a type of front vowel. There is no language where this a different between front and near-front vowels from backness alone.

Rounded front vowels are usually centralized. This means that they are usually near-front in their articulation. This is one of the reasons why they are written to the right of unrounded front vowels in the IPA vowel chart.

The front vowels that have symbols in the International Phonetic Alphabet are:


There also are front vowels without symbols in the IPA:


Other front vowels can be written with symbols with relative articulation added to letters for vowels. These can be letters such as , or for a near-close front unrounded vowel.

Thomas Middleditch

Thomas Steven Middleditch (born March 10, 1982) is a Canadian actor, comedian and screenwriter. He is known for his role as Richard Hendricks in the HBO series "Silicon Valley" (2014–2019). He voiced Harold Hutchins in "" (2017), and Terry in the Hulu adult animated sci-fi series "Solar Opposites".

Katee Sackhoff

Kathryn Ann "Katee" Sackhoff (born April 8, 1980) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Lieutenant Kara "Starbuck" Thrace on Syfy's Battlestar Galactica (2004-2009). Sackhoff has also played Niko Breckenridge on the Netflix series "Another Life" (2019-2021), Victoria "Vic" Moretti on the Netflix series "Longmire" and the voice of Bitch Pudding in Robot Chicken (2005-present). She played the character Bo-Katan Kryze on the Disney+ series "The Mandalorian" as well as being the voice for the character in (2012-2020) and "Star Wars Rebels" (2017).


Peter Marcuse

Peter Marcuse (November 13, 1928 – March 4, 2022) was a German-born American lawyer. He was a professor emeritus of urban planning at the University of California, Los Angeles and Columbia University.

Marcuse died on March 4, 2022, at the age of 93.



Bill Phipps

William Frederick Allen Phipps (May 4, 1942 – March 4, 2022) was a Canadian ordained minister of the United Church of Canada, lawyer, politician and social activist. He was the 36th Moderator of the United Church of Canada from 1997 to 2000. He became controversial in the church after showing support for gay ordination and not believing in a physical Resurrection of Jesus. Phipps was born in Toronto, Ontario.

In 2002, Phipps was the New Democratic Party candidate in the Calgary Southwest by-election running against future Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper. Phipps came in second with just over 20 per cent of the vote.

Phipps died on March 4, 2022 in Calgary, Alberta at the age of 79.

Donna Scheeder

Donna Wills Scheeder (November 8, 1947 – March 7, 2022) was an American librarian. She was president of the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions (IFLA) from 2015 to 2017. Scheeder was born in Buffalo, New York.

Scheeder died from cancer at her home in Washington, D.C. on March 7, 2022, at the age of 74.

Polycythemia vera

Polycythemia vera is an uncommon myeloproliferative neoplasm in which the bone marrow makes too many red blood cells. It may also cause the overproduction of white blood cells and platelets.

Myeloproliferative neoplasm

Myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs) are a group of rare blood cancers in which many red blood cells, white blood cells or platelets are produced in the bone marrow. 

In rare cases, some MPNs may turn into acute myeloid leukemia.

Ron Miles

Ron Miles (May 9, 1963 – March 8, 2022) was an American jazz trumpeter, cornetist, and composer. His career was based in Denver, Colorado. He was Denver's most well known jazz musicians. He was the co-ordinator of Jazz Studies at Metropolitan State University of Denver.

Miles died on March 8, 2022 at a hospital in Denver, Colorado from problems caused by polycythemia vera, a rare form of bone marrow cancer at the age of 58.

David Wheeler (politician)

David Wheeler ( – March 9, 2022) was an American businessman and Republican politician. He was in the Alabama House of Representatives representing the 47th district, from 2018 until his death. He was an executive at Alabama Power. Wheeler was born in Jemison, Alabama.

Wheeler died on March 9, 2022 in Vestavia Hills, Alabama at the age of 72.

Jaume Collet-Serra

Jaume Collet-Serra (; born 23 March 1974) is a Spanish-American movie director and producer. He is known for directing the horror movies "House of Wax" (2005), "Orphan" (2009), and "The Shallows" (2016).

He also directed "Unknown" (2011), "Non-Stop" (2014), "Run All Night" (2015), and "The Commuter" (2018). He will direct the 2022 DC Extended Universe movie "Black Adam".

Sant Iscle de Vallalta

Sant Iscle de Vallalta is a municipality in the "comarca" of the Maresme in Catalonia, Spain. 

Dany Garcia

Dany Garcia (born November 29, 1968) is an American businesswoman, IFBB professional bodybuilder, and producer. Garcia is the founder of GSTQ and the CEO, and chairwoman of The Garcia Companies and TGC Management.

Some of the movies she produced were "Baywatch" (2017), "" (2017), "Shazam!" (2019), "The Fast and the Furious" spin-off "Hobbs & Shaw" (2019), "" (2019), Disney's "Jungle Cruise" (2021), and DC's "Black Adam" (2022).

Südheide (municipality)

Südheide is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It takes its name from the heathland Südheide. It was formed on 1 January 2015 by the merger of the previous municipalities Hermannsburg and Unterlüß.

The villages of Südheide are: Baven, Beckedorf, Bonstorf, Hermannsburg, Lutterloh, Oldendorf, Unterlüß, Weesen.

Candi Sari

Candi Sari (Candi Bendan) is a Buddhist temple about 567 meters north of Kalasan temple in Yogyakarta region of Indonesia. It was built in the 8th century during old Mataram kingdom. The two-storey structure of Candi Sari temple was supposed to be a vihara (Buddhist monastery) and residence for the monks.


Ethiopian Navy

The Ethiopian Navy (), also known as the Imperial Ethiopian Navy (until 1974) was the navy of Ethiopia, was created in 1955 and was disbanded in 1996 after the Independence of Eritrea.

In June 2018, Ethiopian Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed laid out plans to revive the navy, which would be established in the neighboring nation of Djibouti, and in March 2019 he would sign an agreement with French President Emmanuel Macron, where the French Army would help supply this new Ethiopian Navy. The headquarters of this army would be located in the city of Bahir Dar, Ethiopia. 


Johann Mattheson

Johann Mattheson (28 September 1681 – 17 April 1764) was a German composer, singer, writer, lexicographer, diplomat and music theorist.

Mattheson was born on September 28, 1681 in Hamburg. His father was a tax collector. Mattheson studied many things. He learned English, French, Italian, and music. He learned to play the keyboard and write music with Johann Nicholaus Hanff. He learned to sing and play different instruments with a musician named Woldag. He played the organ when he was 9 years old.

Mattheson became interested in opera. He joined the Hamburg opera company in around 1690. He thought that he could learn more about music writing from operas. He wrote his first opera "Die Plejades" (English: "The Pleiades") in 1699. 

Mattheson met Handel in 1703. He became friends with Handel. They went to Lübeck together to apply for the position of organist at the Marienkirche. They met the composer Dietrich Buxtehude, who was the previous organist. They refused the position. This was because Buxtehude wanted the next organist to marry his daughter.

In 1704, Mattheson got in a fight with Handel. Handel did not let Mattheson replace him as a conductor in a performance. Mattheson got angry. They fought in a duel. Mattheson almost killed Handel with his sword. But Handel was saved because of a large button on his coat. They were soon reconciled.

The Hamburg opera company started to dislike Mattheson. Mattheson left the opera in 1705. He said that he had performed over 2000 performances with the opera company. In 1704, Mattheson became the teacher of Cyrill Wich. Cyrill was the son of the English ambassador to Hamburg, John Wich. Mattheson started studying English politics and history at this time. Mattheson became John Wich's secretary in 1706. He was first assigned to prepare and write reports. He traveled for diplomatic missions. He got to meet many musicians from his travels.

In 1709, Mattheson married Catharina Jennings, an Englishwoman. In 1715, Mattheson became the music director of Hamburg Cathedral. He wrote some oratorios and cantatas for the church. He left this position in 1728. He was becoming deaf. He had lost his hearing completely by 1735. In 1719, he became the Kapellmesiter in the court of Holstein. Mattheson was active from 1715 to 1740. He translated English books into German. He also wrote books about music.

Mattheson's wife died on February 3, 1753. He decided to give his money to the Michaeliskirche in Hamburg. The church was destroyed by a lightning strike in 1750. He gave his money to help rebuild the church and organ. In return, Mattheson asked to be buried on the church grounds. Mattheson died on April 17, 1763 in Hamburg. Georg Philipp Telemann conducted the funeral service. He was buried in the Michaeliskirche.

It was thought that Mattheson's music were missing since the Second World War. It turns out that his music was not destroyed. They were returned from Armenia in 1998.

Mattheson wrote books about music theory. He published a music periodical from 1722 to 1725. Mattheson included quotes from other musicians in this periodical. He often attacked other musicians in his writings. He did this without ever writing their names. He attacks older music styles in his writings. One of his most important works is "Der vollkommene Capellmeister" (English: "The Perfect "Kapellmeister""). It contains things that a "Kapellmeister" should know.

List of twin towns and sister cities in Germany (A-E)

This is a list of municipalities in Germany which have current links to local communities in other countries, or in other parts of Germany (mostly across the previous inner German border), known as "town twinning" (usually in Europe) or "sister cities" (usually in the rest of the world).

Aachen

Aalen

Achim

Ahaus

Ahlen

Ahrensburg

Aichach

Albstadt

Alsdorf

Altena

Altenburg

Altötting

Amberg

Andernach

Annaberg-Buchholz

Ansbach

Apolda

Arnsberg

Arnstadt

Aschaffenburg

Aschersleben

Attendorn

Aue-Bad Schlema

Augsburg

Aurich

Backnang

Bad Hersfeld

Bad Homburg vor der Höhe

Bad Honnef

Bad Kissingen

Bad Kötzting is a member of the Douzelage, a town twinning association of towns across the European Union.

Bad Kreuznach

Bad Langensalza

Bad Nauheim

Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler

Bad Oeynhausen


Bad Oldesloe

Bad Rappenau

Bad Salzuflen

Bad Salzungen

Bad Segeberg

Bad Soden

Bad Vilbel

Bad Zwischenahn

Baden-Baden

Baesweiler

Balingen

Bamberg

Barsinghausen

Baunatal

Bautzen

Bayreuth

Beckum

Bensheim

Bergheim

Bergisch Gladbach

Bergkamen

Berlin


Berlin – Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf

Berlin – Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg

Berlin – Lichtenberg

Berlin – Marzahn-Hellersdorf

Berlin – Mitte


Berlin – Neukölln

Berlin – Pankow

Berlin – Reinickendorf

Berlin – Spandau

Berlin – Steglitz-Zehlendorf
Berlin – Tempelhof-Schöneberg

Berlin – Treptow-Köpenick


Bernau bei Berlin

Bernburg

Biberach an der Riss

Bielefeld


Bietigheim-Bissingen

Bingen am Rhein

Bitterfeld-Wolfen

Blankenfelde-Mahlow

Blieskastel

Böblingen

Bocholt

Bochum

Bonn


Bonn – Bad Godesberg

Bonn – Beuel

Bonn – Bonn


Bonn – Hardtberg

Borken

Bornheim

Bottrop

Bramsche

Brandenburg an der Havel

Braunschweig

Bremen

Bremerhaven

Bretten

Brilon


Bruchsal

Brühl

Buchholz in der Nordheide

Büdingen

Bühl


Bünde

Büren

Burg

Burgdorf

Butzbach

Buxtehude

Castrop-Rauxel

Celle

Chemnitz

Cloppenburg

Coburg

Coesfeld

Cologne

Coswig

Cottbus

Crailsheim

Crimmitschau

Cuxhaven

Dachau

Darmstadt

Datteln

Deggendorf

Delbrück

Delitzsch

Delmenhorst

Dessau-Roßlau

Detmold

Dieburg

Dillenburg

Dinslaken

Dietzenbach

Ditzingen

Döbeln

Donaueschingen

Dormagen

Dorsten

Dortmund

Dreieich

Dresden

Duisburg

Dülmen

Düsseldorf

Düren

Eberswalde

Eckernförde


Ehingen

Einbeck

Eisenach

Eisenhüttenstadt

Eisleben

Elmshorn

Emden

Emmendingen

Emmerich am Rhein

Emsdetten

Ennepetal

Erding

Erftstadt

Erfurt

Erkelenz

Erkrath

Erlangen


Eschweiler

Espelkamp

Essen

Esslingen am Neckar

Ettlingen

Euskirchen

Eutin


List of twin towns and sister cities in Germany (F-L)

This is a list of municipalities in Germany which have current links to local communities in other countries, or in other parts of Germany (mostly across the previous inner German border), known as "town twinning" (usually in Europe) or "sister cities" (usually in the rest of the world).

Fellbach

Filderstadt

Flensburg

Forchheim

Frankenthal

Frankfurt am Main



Frankfurt an der Oder

Frechen

Freiberg
Freiburg im Breisgau

Freising

Freudenstadt

Friedberg, Bavaria

Friedberg, Hesse
Friedrichsdorf

Friedrichshafen

Fulda

Fürstenfeldbruck

Fürstenwalde

Fürth

Gaggenau

Ganderkesee

Garbsen

Gardelegen

Garmisch-Partenkirchen

Geesthacht

Geestland

Geldern

Gelsenkirchen

Georgsmarienhütte

Gera


Geretsried

Germering

Gevelsberg

Giessen

Gifhorn

Gladbeck

Glauchau

Goch

Göppingen

Görlitz

Goslar

Gotha

Göttingen

Greifswald

Greven

Grevenbroich

Griesheim

Grimma

Gronau

Groß-Gerau

Gummersbach

Güstrow

Gütersloh

Haan

Hagen

Halberstadt

Halle

Haltern am See

Hamburg

Hamelin

Hamm

Hanau

Hann. Münden


Hanover

Hattersheim am Main

Hechingen

Heidelberg

Heidenheim an der Brenz

Heilbronn

Heiligenhaus

Heinsberg

Helmstedt

Hemer

Hemmingen

Hennef (Sieg)

Hennigsdorf

Henstedt-Ulzburg

Heppenheim

Herborn

Herford

Herne

Herrenberg

Herten

Herzogenrath

Hilden

Hildesheim

Hof

Hofheim am Taunus

Hohen Neuendorf

Homburg

Höxter

Hoyerswerda

Hückelhoven

Hürth

Ibbenbüren

Idar-Oberstein

Idstein

Ilmenau

Ingelheim am Rhein

Ingolstadt

Iserlohn

Isernhagen

Itzehoe

Jena

Jüchen

Jülich

Kaarst

Kaiserslautern

Kaltenkirchen

Kamen

Kamp-Lintfort


Karben

Karlsruhe

Kassel

Kaufbeuren

Kehl

Kelkheim (Taunus)

Kempen

Kempten

Kerpen

Kevelaer

Kiel

Kirchheim unter Teck

Kitzingen

Kleve

Koblenz


Königs Wusterhausen

Königsbrunn

Königswinter

Konstanz

Korbach

Kornwestheim

Korschenbroich

Köthen (Anhalt)

Krefeld

Kreuztal

Kronach

Kulmbach

Laatzen

Lage

Lahr

Lampertheim


Landau in der Pfalz

Landsberg am Lech

Landshut

Langen (Hessen)

Langenfeld

Langenhagen

Lauf an der Pegnitz

Leer

Lehrte

Leichlingen (Rheinland)

Leimen

Leinfelden-Echterdingen

Leipzig

Lemgo

Lennestadt

Leonberg

Leverkusen

Lichtenfels

Limburg an der Lahn

Lingen (Ems)

Lippstadt

Lohmar

Lohne

Löhne

Lörrach

Lübbecke

Lübbenau

Lübeck

Lüdenscheid

Lüdinghausen

Ludwigsburg

Ludwigshafen am Rhein

Lüneburg

Lünen


List of twin towns and sister cities in Germany (M-Z)

This is a list of municipalities in Germany which have current links to local communities in other countries, or in other parts of Germany (mostly across the previous inner German border), known as "town twinning" (usually in Europe) or "sister cities" (usually in the rest of the world).

Magdeburg

Maintal

Mainz

Mainz – Finthen

Mainz – Laubenheim

Mannheim

Marburg

Marienberg

Markkleeberg


Marl

Mayen

Meerbusch

Meissen

Melle


Memmingen

Menden

Meppen

Merseburg

Merzig

Meschede

Mettmann

Minden

Mittweida

Moers

Mönchengladbach

Monheim am Rhein

Mörfelden-Walldorf

Mosbach

Mühlacker

Mühlhausen

Mühlheim am Main

Mülheim an der Ruhr

Munich

Münster

Naumburg (Saale)

Nettetal

Neubrandenburg

Neuburg an der Donau

Neukirchen-Vluyn

Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz

Neumünster

Neunkirchen

Neuruppin

Neuss

Neustadt am Rübenberge

Neustadt an der Weinstraße

Neuwied

Neu-Isenburg

Neu-Ulm

Niederkassel

Nienburg

Nordenham

Norderstedt

Nordhausen

Nordhorn

Nördlingen

Northeim

Nuremberg


Nürtingen

Oberhausen

Obertshausen

Oberursel (Taunus)

Oer-Erkenschwick

Offenbach am Main


Offenburg

Öhringen

Olching

Oldenburg

Oranienburg

Osnabrück

Osterode am Harz

Ostfildern

Overath

Paderborn

Papenburg

Passau

Peine

Pfinztal

Pforzheim

Pfungstadt

Pinneberg

Pirmasens

Pirna

Plattling

Plauen

Plettenberg

Plochingen

Porta Westfalica

Potsdam

Prenzlau

Puchheim

Pulheim

Püttlingen

Quakenbrück

Radebeul

Radolfzell am Bodensee

Rastatt

Ratingen

Ratzeburg

Ravensburg

Recklinghausen

Regensburg

Reichenbach im Vogtland

Reinbek

Remscheid

Rendsburg

Reutlingen

Rheda-Wiedenbrück

Rheinbach

Rheinberg

Rheine

Rheinfelden (Baden)

Riesa

Rietberg

Rödermark

Rodgau

Rosenheim

Rösrath

Rostock

Roth

Rottenburg am Neckar

Rottweil

Rüsselsheim am Main

Saalfeld

Saarbrücken

Saarlouis

Salzgitter

Salzkotten

Sangerhausen


Sankt Augustin

Sankt Ingbert

Sankt Wendel

Sassnitz

Schleswig

Schönebeck

Schorndorf

Schotten

Schramberg

Schwabach

Schwäbisch Gmünd

Schwäbisch Hall

Schwandorf

Schwedt

Schweinfurt

Schwelm

Schwerin

Schwerte


Seelze

Seevetal

Senftenberg

Siegburg

Siegen

Sindelfingen

Singen

Sinsheim

Soest

Solingen

Speyer

Spremberg

Springe

Stade

Steinfurt

Stendal

Stolberg (Rhineland)

Stralsund

Straubing

Strausberg

Stuhr

Stuttgart

Suhl

Taunusstein

Teltow

Tönisvorst

Torgau

Traunstein

Trier

Troisdorf

Tübingen

Tuttlingen

Übach-Palenberg

Überlingen

Uelzen

Unna

Unterhaching

Unterschleißheim

Vaihingen an der Enz

Vechta

Velbert

Verden an der Aller

Viernheim

Viersen

Villingen-Schwenningen

Voerde

Völklingen

Waiblingen

Waldkirch

Walsrode

Waltrop

Wangen im Allgäu

Waren (Müritz)

Warendorf

Wedel

Wedemark

Weiden in der Oberpfalz

Weil am Rhein

Weimar

Weingarten

Weinheim

Weißenfels

Weiterstadt

Werl

Wermelskirchen

Werne

Wernigerode

Wertheim

Wesel

Wesseling

Wetzlar

Weyhe

Wiehl

Wiesbaden

Wiesbaden – Biebrich

Wiesbaden – Bierstadt

Wiesbaden – Mainz-Kostheim

Wiesloch

Wilhelmshaven

Willich

Winnenden

Winsen (Luhe)

Wismar

Witten

Wittenberg

Wolfenbüttel

Wolfsburg

Worms

Worms – Pfeddersheim

Wunstorf

Wuppertal

Würselen

Würzburg

Xanten

Zeitz

Zeulenroda-Triebes

Zirndorf

Zittau

Zweibrücken

Zwickau


Flyning Over Grass

Flying Over Grass () is a 1969 Hong Kong action drama movie directed by Lung Chien and starring Ching-Ching Chang, Pin Chiang and Hsia Chiang.

In China of Middle Age, a swordswoman called ""Flight over Grass"", helps a group of people defeat a terrible warlord.

Santal people

The Santal are an ethnic group native to eastern India. Santals are the largest tribe in the Jharkhand state of India in terms of population and are also found in the states of Assam, Tripura, Bihar, Odisha and West Bengal. They are the largest ethnic minority in northern Bangladesh's Rajshahi Division and Rangpur Division. They have a significant population in Nepal and Bhutan. The Santals speak the Santali language, the third largest language of the Austroasiatic family.

Embassy of Russia, Oslo

The Embassy of Russia in Oslo is the diplomatic mission of Russia to Norway. The embassy is located on Drammensveien (road) in the Skarpsno area of Oslo. 

The street intersection that is closest to the embassy, will get the name "Ukraine square" ("Ukrainas plass"); Authorities of Frogner Borough in Oslo, Norway made that decision on March 8, 2022.

The square outside the embassy was renamed Ukrainas plass (Ukraine Square) by the city on 7 March 2022 in support of Ukraine's freedom, in response to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. 

Women's Equality Day

The Women's Equality Day is a special women's day on August 26 each year in the United States. It was designated as August 26 in 1973 under the United States Congress The date was picked to celebrate the 1920 certification of the United States' Nineteenth Amendment under which women were given rights to vote. Two years before designation under the U.S. Congress, the Women's Equality Day was first celebrated in the country.

The Women's Equality Day is celebrated every year by the United States President.



The Park Is Mine (1986 movie)

The Park Is Mine is a 1986 Canadian action movie directed by Steven Hilliard Stern and starring Tommy Lee Jones, Helen Shaver, Lawrence Dane, Yaphet Kotto, Peter Dvorsky, Eric Peterson, Gale Garnett, Denis Simpson, Carl Marotte. It was distributed by HBO.

Nyctimantis siemersi

The red-spotted Argentina frog ("Nyctimantis siemersi") is a frog that lives in Argentina, Paraguay, and Uruguay.

Pandeli Majko

Pandeli Sotir Majko (born 15 November 1967) is an Albanian politician. He served twice as Prime Minister of Albania; from 1998 to 1999, and again in 2002.

People's Socialist Republic of Albania

The People's Socialist Republic of Albania () was an Albanian Socialist country in the Balkans that existed from 1946 to 1992.

National Liberation Movement (Albania)

The National Liberation Movement (; or "Lëvizja Antifashiste Nacional-Çlirimtare" (LANÇ)), was an Albanian communist resistance organization that fought in World War II. It was created on 16 September 1942, in a conference held in Pezë, a village near Tirana, and was led by Enver Hoxha.

Why Socialism?

"Why Socialism?" is an article written by Albert Einstein in May 1949 that appeared in the first issue of the socialist journal "Monthly Review". It showed problems with capitalism, economic competition, and an increasing wealth inequality. It talks about control of mass media by private capitalists making it difficult for citizens to be truthfully informed, and political parties being influenced by rich backers. Einstein said that these problems can only be corrected with planned economy which keeps a strong democracy to protect the rights of individuals.

Rutherford scattering

Rutherford scattering is the elastic scattering of charged particles. This is caused by the Coulomb interaction. It is a physical phenomenon explained by Ernest Rutherford in 1911


National emblem of Cape Verde

The national emblem of Cape Verde contains a circle within which is written the name of the nation in Portuguese. Adopted in 1992. 

Quianu Robinson

Quianu Robinson (1852-1919) was a New Mexican politician. He was a Republican member of the New Mexico House of Representatives. He represented the second district of New Mexico from 1916 to 1918. 
Before he was elected, Robinson was a friend and political ally of Conrad N. Hilton Sr., who had served in the New Mexico Legislature from 1912 to 1916. After Conrad's time in office, he showed his support for Robinson's own political career. Robinson served only one term before he retired due to bad health, dying one year later. Robinson was a member of the Knights of Columbus. Other notable achievements include being the first to summit Robinson Peak in New Mexico, accompanied by Conrad Hilton.

Quianu Robinson and six other people, including Conrad Hilton, were chosen to be members of the Hagerman-Robinson Expedition. They were the first to summit what is now known as Robinson Peak, New Mexico. The Hagerman-Robinson Expedition team was created by Herbert James Hagerman, who chose Quianu Robinson, a captain in the New Mexico National Guard as the leader of the team. This expedition was part of a plan to explore and map northern New Mexico, which had been previously unexplored. After the almost 2 month long journey, Robinson and the other members of the expedition team made their way back home. Robinson Peak was named in Quianu's honor.

Wathlingen

Wathlingen is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 10 km southeast of Celle.

Wathlingen is also the seat of the collective municipality Wathlingen.

Wienhausen

Wienhausen is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Wietze

Wietze is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is at the meeting of the river Aller and its tributary Wietze, about 15 km west of Celle.

Winsen an der Aller

Winsen an der Aller () or Winsen (Aller) is a town in Celle in the German state of Lower Saxony.

Winsen has around 12,900 residents and is on the southern perimeter of the Lüneburg Heath, on the sides of the Aller, to the west of its tributary, the Örtze and about 15 km northwest of Celle. As well as the town itself, the borough of Winsen also includes the villages of Bannetze, Meißendorf, Stedden, Südwinsen, Thören, Walle and Wolthausen.

Bannetze

Bannetze is a village and municipal division on the River Aller in the municipality of Winsen (Aller) in Celle in the north German state of Lower Saxony. The "L180" state road passes through the village. The village has under 400 residents.


Thören

Thören is a village on the southern edge of the Lüneburg Heath in the north German state of Lower Saxony. It is in the Aller-Leine Valley and is an "Ortschaft" (municipal division) of the municipality of Winsen (Aller).


La Cinq

La Cinq () was France's first privately owned free-to-air television network. Created by Jérôme Seydoux and Silvio Berlusconi, the network broadcasted from 1985 to 1992.

Meißendorf

Meißendorf is a village and "Ortschaft" (municipal division) of the municipality of Winsen an der Aller in Celle in northern Germany.

It is northwest of Winsen an der Aller. It comes from its name from the river Meiße which flows through the village.


Stedden

Stedden is a village in the borough of Winsen (Aller) in Celle in North Germany. It is on the river Aller and close to the river Örtze.


Wolthausen

Wolthausen is a village ("Ortsteil") in the municipality of Winsen (Aller) in Celle in the north German state of Lower Saxony. It is on the River Örtze in the Aller valley and on the B 3 federal road.


Walle (Winsen)

Walle is a village and "Ortschaft" (municipal division) of the municipality of Winsen (Aller) in Celle, Lower Saxony, on the Lüneburg Heath in Germany.

Walle is on a country road between Winsen (Aller) and Bergen on the southern perimeter of the Lüneburg Heath in Lower Saxony. A forest lane gives it access to the B3 federal road between Celle and Bergen.


Örtze

Örtze () is a river in Lower Saxony, Germany. The Örtze rises north of Munster in the "Große Heide" (in the "Raubkammer" federal forest) and, after , joins the Aller southeast of Winsen.

Pam and Tommy

Pam & Tommy is an American biographical drama miniseries. It stars Lily James and Sebastian Stan. The series tells about the marriage between actress Pamela Anderson (James) and Mötley Crüe drummer Tommy Lee (Stan). The story takes place during the time when their sex tape was made public. The series is based on the 2014 "Rolling Stone" article "Pam and Tommy: The Untold Story of the World's Most Infamous Sex Tape" by Amanda Chicago Lewis, It was created for Hulu by Robert Siegel. "Pam and Tommy" was produced by Point Grey Pictures, Annapurna Television and Lionsgate Television.

The making of the series was announced in 2018. James Franco was to direct the miniseries and play Lee. It was given a series order in December 2020 by Hulu. At that time, they said that James was to play Anderson and Stan would replace Franco. Casting announcements were made throughout 2021. Filming took place in Los Angeles between April and July 2021.

The first three episodes of "Pam & Tommy" were first shown on Hulu on February 2, 2022. They were directed by Craig Gillespie. The rest of episodes were shown one episode each week after that. The miniseries mostly well liked by the critics. They said the cast performed very well. The series has eight episodes in it.




The series was first announced in 2018. Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg were working on the project under their production company Point Grey Pictures. James Franco was to direct the miniseries and play Tommy Lee. By December 2020, Franco had left the series. It was announced that Hulu had approved the project. They wanted them to make eight-episodes. Craig Gillespie was to direct with Robert D. Siegel writing and Rogen and Goldberg executive producing the miniseries. Tatiana S. Riegel, who has often worked with Gillespie, was to edit the miniseries. Pamela Anderson reportedly did not want to be in the series at all. Lee was also not a part ofthe series but he supported it. The series is based on a 2014 "Rolling Stone" article about the story of how Anderson and Lee's sex tape was stolen and released. Siegel found it hard to believe the events had not been made into a movie or series already. Siegel and D.V. DeVincentis said that most of the "basic plot beats" came from that article and "the basic mechanics" of the events "was pretty much what happened". The conversations between the characters was written to be more dramatic.

Lily James and Sebastian Stan were cast to play the title characters. Rogen also cast in a main role. In April 2021, Nick Offerman and Taylor Schilling joined the cast in main roles. Pepi Sonuga, Andrew Dice Clay, Spenser Granese and Mozhan Marnò joining in recurring roles. In June 2021, Fred Hechinger joined the cast of the series in a recurring role. In January 2022, it was revealed that Jason Mantzoukas was voicing Tommy Lee's penis.

ITV Sport

ITV Sport is a sport producer for ITV.

List of minor planets: 102001–103000


List of minor planets: 103001–104000


List of minor planets: 104001–105000


List of minor planets: 105001–106000


List of minor planets: 106001–107000


List of minor planets: 107001–108000


List of minor planets: 108001–109000


List of minor planets: 109001–110000


List of minor planets: 110001–111000


Suspension

Suspension can mean


Grand Prix motor racing

Grand Prix motor racing is a form of motorsport competition, it is based on organised automobile racing that began in France as early as 1894.

Gerard Jacobs

Gerard J. Jacobs is a Dutch Paralympic table tennis player. He won one gold and two silver medals at the 1964 Summer Paralympics.

At the opening of the 1960 Summer Paralympics in Rome, he won the silver medal in the Men's Doubles A event together with Piet van Aart. Four years later at the 1964 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo he won together with Marion de Groot the gold medal, and individually the silver medal in the Men's Singles A1 event. He won two silver medals at the 1965 World Championships.

Jacobs lived in Doorn near the Aardenburg military rehabilitation center. There, several Paralympic sports could be practiced.

Marcel Renault

Marcel Renault (14 May 1872 – 26 May 1903) was a French racing driver and industrialist. he was one of the founders of the car company Renault. Renault was the brother of Louis and Fernand Renault.

Renault was born in Paris. He and his brothers created the Renault company on 25 February 1899. He died in Payré, at the age of 31, His death was casued by severe injuries he got during the Paris-Madrid race.

Aschenberg

Aschenberg is a small village in Celle, Lower Saxony, Germany. It is part of the "village" Höfer within the municipality of Eschede.

Chad Morgan

Chadwick William "Chad" Morgan OAM (born 11 February 1933) is an Australian country music singer and guitarist. He is known for his vaudeville style of songs. He is known as "The Sheik of Scrubby Creek". He was in the movies "Newsfront" (1978), "Dimboola" (1979), and the biographical documentary "I'm Not Dead Yet" (2011).

Flotwedel

Flotwedel is a collective municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is on the river Aller, about 10 km southeast of Celle. Its seat is in Wienhausen.

The "Samtgemeinde" Flotwedel has the following municipalities:


Lachendorf (Samtgemeinde)

Lachendorf is a collective municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat is in Lachendorf.

The "Samtgemeinde" Lachendorf has the following municipalities:


Samtgemeinde Wathlingen

Wathlingen is a collective municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat is in Wathlingen.

The "Samtgemeinde" Wathlingen has the following municipalities:


Baven

Baven is a village in the municipality of Südheide in the north of Celle in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is on the western edge of the Südheide Nature Park, on the Lüneburg Heath.


Jamie Kaler

Jamie Kaler (born September 14, 1964) is an American stand-up comedian and actor who gained fame by playing the character Mike Callahan on the TBS comedy "My Boys".


Beckedorf (Celle district)

Beckedorf is a village and "Ortschaft" in the municipality of Südheide in northern Celle district in Lower Saxony.Oon the western edge of the Southern Heath Nature Park in the Lüneburg Heath, about 1 km southwest of Hermannsburg itself, it currently has about 610 residents. In 1973 Beckedorf was incorporated into the parish of Hermannsburg as part of Lower Saxony's territorial and administrative reforms.


Jordan Allen-Dutton

Jordan Allen-Dutton (born April 16, 1977) is an American writer, producer and director. He is best known for creating the play, "The Bomb-itty of Errors" with Erik Weiner, and for his writing on the stop motion animated series "Robot Chicken".


Leonardo Murialdo

Leonardo Murialdo (26 October 1828 – 30 March 1900) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and the co-founder of the Congregation of Saint Joseph.

Mario Terán

Mario Terán Salazar (9 April 1941 – 10 March 2022) was a Bolivian Army warrant officer. He was known for executing Che Guevara as a young sergeant in 1967. Terán was born in Cochabamba, Bolivia. 

Terán died at Military Social Security Corporation hospital in La Paz, Bolivia on 10 March 2022, at the age of 80.

Kimberley Kitching

Kimberley Jane Elizabeth Kitching (16 February 1970 – 10 March 2022) was an Australian politician, lawyer, and trade unionist. He was a member of the Labor Party. She was a Senator for Victoria from October 2016 until her death. Kitching was born in Brisbane, Australia.

Kitching died from a possible heart attack in Strathmore, Australia, on 10 March 2022, less than a month after her 52nd birthday.

John Elliott (historian)

Sir John Huxtable Elliott (23 June 1930 – 10 March 2022) was an English historian and Hispanist. He was Regius Professor Emeritus at the University of Oxford and Honorary Fellow of Oriel College, Oxford, and Trinity College, Cambridge. He was born in Reading, Berkshire.

Elliott was hospitalized on 5 March 2022 for pneumonia and kidney failure in Oxford, Oxfordshire. He died five days later on 10 March at the age of 91.

Benjamín Prado Casas

Benjamín Prado Casas (4 January 1926 – 7 March 2022) was a Chilean politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Party. He was in the Senate of Chile from 1965 to 1973. Prado Casas was born in Valparaíso, Chile. From 1970 until 1971, he was the President of the Christian Democratic Party.

Prado Casas died in Concón, Chile on 7 March 2022, at the age of 96.

Yevhen Deidei

Yevhen Serhiyovych Deidei (; 12 July 1987 – 10 March 2022) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of the battalion of the Special Tasks Patrol Police "Kyiv-1". He was a People's Deputy of Ukraine from November 2014 until August 2019. In 2012 he was sentenced to five years in prison for robbery but was later released.

Deidei died on 10 March 2022 during the Russian invasion of Ukraine, aged 34.

Sorapong Chatree

Sorapong Chatree (; born Pittaya Tiamswate; 8 December 1950 – 10 March 2022) was a Thai actor. He was born in Maha Rat, Ayutthaya, Thailand. His career began in 1970 and he retired in 2021. Chatree was known for his roles in "Out of the Darkness", "Plae Kao" and "The Legend of Suriyothai".

Chatree died on 10 March 2022 in Bangkok, Thailand from lung cancer, aged 71.

Gyo Obata

Gyo Obata (小圃 暁, February 28, 1923 – March 8, 2022) was an American architect. He co-founded the global architectural firm HOK. He designed the McDonnell Planetarium and GROW Pavilion at the Saint Louis Science Center, the Independence Temple of the Community of Christ church, the National Air and Space Museum and the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum.

Obata died in St. Louis, Missouri, on March 8, 2022, at the age of 99.

René Clemencic

René Clemencic (27 February 1928 – 8 March 2022) was an Austrian composer, recorder player, harpsichordist, conductor and clavichord player. He was born in Vienna, Austria. He was director of the Capella Musica Antiqua and of the Drama Musicum in Vienna. In 1958, he founded Musica Antiqua to perform early music. In 1968, he founded the Clemencic Consort.

Clemencic died on 8 March 2022, at the age of 94.

Impeachment: American Crime Story

Impeachment: American Crime Story is the third season of the FX true-crime anthology television series "American Crime Story". It has 10 episodes and premiered on September 7, 2021. The season is about the Clinton–Lewinsky scandal and the impeachment of Clinton. It is based on the book "A Vast Conspiracy: The Real Story of the Sex Scandal That Nearly Brought Down a President" by Jeffrey Toobin.

It stars Sarah Paulson, Annaleigh Ashford, and Judith Light, along with Beanie Feldstein, Clive Owen, Margo Martindale, Billy Eichner, Cobie Smulders, Edie Falco, Taran Killam, Colin Hanks, and Elizabeth Reaser. 

Moçarria

Moçarria is a parish in the city of Santarém, Portugal. The parish has an area is . 1,072 people lived there in 2001.

Santarém, Portugal

Santarém () is a city in the Santarém district in Portugal. 61,752 people lived there in 2011.

Beanie Feldstein

Elizabeth Greer "Beanie" Feldstein (born June 24, 1993) is an American actress. She is known for her movie roles in "" (2016), the comedy-drama movie "Lady Bird" (2017), and "Booksmart" (2019). Her brother is actor Jonah Hill.

In 2021, she played Monica Lewinsky in the of the FX anthology series "American Crime Story".

Studio 54

Studio 54 is a Broadway theatre and a former disco nightclub was in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. The building opened in 1927 as the Gallo Opera House. In 1942, CBS began using it as a radio and television studio dubbed Studio 52.

In 1977, Steve Rubell and Ian Schrager opened a nightclub in the building and became famous. It was known for having multiple celebrities, drug use, public sex and sexist policies. In 1980, the club shut down after its founders were convicted for evading taxes. 

It is now owned by the Roundabout Theatre Company.

Corey Stapleton

Corey Stapleton (born September 17, 1967) is an American politician. He was the Secretary of State of Montana from 2017 to 2021. He was a Republican. He was also Montana State Senator who served from 2001 to 2009. He unsuccessfully ran for the United States Senate in 2014 and for Governor of Montana twice in 2012 and 2020.

Stapleton was a candidate for the United States House of Representatives from Montana in the 2020 election, losing the Republican primary to Matt Rosendale.

On March 10, 2022 Stapleton announced that he was "testing the waters" for a presidential campaign in the 2024 election. Stapleton later confirmed he was running on November 11, 2022. He withdrew from the election on October 13, 2023.

Mexican Navy

The Mexican Navy (in Spanish: "Armada de México") is the naval forces of Mexico and depends on the Navy Secretariat (SEMAR). It was founded on February 19, 1821. It is in charge of the protection of the Coasts of Mexico and the Exclusive Economic Zone.

In addition to dedicating themselves to the protection of the coasts, they are also dedicated to the protection of rivers and waterways.


Khanty

The Khanty, or Khants, are a native population of Russia. They used to be called Ostyaks. They are an Ugrian people. They live in the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug with the Mansi. In the 2010 Census, 30,943 people said they were Khanty.

In the second millennium BC, a population of people lived in land in the Kama and the Irtysh rivers. They spoke a Proto-Uralic language and had contact with Proto-Indo-European speakers from the south. Some researchers believe this is where the Khanty people came from. Other researchers say that the Khanty people came from the south Ural steppe. They were nomads, which means they didn't stay in one place for very long.

Khanty probably appear in Russian records around the 11th century, under the name Yugra. Yugra was the word for different Uralic tribes, like the Mansis. The first time the Khanty people were mentioned alone was in 1572. They were called the Ostyaks.

The Russians and Tatars colonized the Khanty. Khanty children were taken as hostages and converted to Christianity. Khanty people and other indigenous peoples were punished when they did not follow church rules. Their idols were burned, but some were secretly made again and hidden.

Some Khanty and other indigenous Siberian people fled into the tundra. The settlers were interested in the southern areas, which they could use for mining and farming. Some settlers married Khanty people and learned their language.

Khanty shamans, or spiritual leaders, were not treated well. Their burial grounds were destroyed, and Khanty children were forced to go to boarding schools. The Khanty resisted this, and elders led the Kazym rebellion. The Red Army beat the Khantys, burning their villages. Any Khanty who took part in traditional funeral rites could be put in prison, and bear hunting was no longer allowed.

Traditionally, the Khantys fished, hunted in the taiga, and herded reindeer. They lived as trappers.

During the winter, the Khanty lived in huts made out of earth and branches. During the spring, they moved towards hunting and fishing grounds, where they made tents out of birch-bark and poles, called chums. These were for temporary shelter and could be moved, but the huts in the winter were stationary, meaning they did not move. 

The Khanty used longbows, arrows and spears as weapons, and iron helmets and chain mail as armour.

The Khanty speak the Khanty language, an Uralic language. The Khanty language is related to Mansi and Hungarian.



List of minor planets: 111001–112000


List of minor planets: 112001–113000


List of minor planets: 113001–114000


List of minor planets: 114001–115000


List of minor planets: 115001–116000


List of minor planets: 116001–117000


List of minor planets: 117001–118000


List of minor planets: 118001–119000


List of minor planets: 119001–120000


List of minor planets: 120001–121000


List of minor planets: 121001–122000


List of minor planets: 122001–123000


List of minor planets: 123001–124000


List of minor planets: 124001–125000


Candace Bailey

Candace Kaye Bailey (born May 20, 1982) is an American actress and television host. She is best known as a co-host of the former television programs U-Pick Live on Nickelodeon and Attack of the Show! on G4.

List of named minor planets (alphabetical)

The naming of the minor planets is usually done by the person who discovered the planet. New names of planets are chosen by the discoverer and approved by the Working Group Small Body Nomenclature (WGSBN) of the International Astronomical Union. The names are published in the "WGSBN Bulletin". Over the last four decades, the list has grown very large. An average of 492 new planets' names are being added every year (or 1.35 namings per day). In March 1979, only 1924 minor planets had gotten a name and completed the designation process. , the list has 23,081 objects that have been named.

Below are links to lists of every minor planet that has a name. These lists are in alphabetical order.

List of named minor planets: A


Abraham Benrubi

Abraham Rubibin Hercules Benrubi (born October 4, 1969) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Jerry Markovic in the long-running medical television drama "ER", as Larry Kubiac on "Parker Lewis Can't Lose", Dennis in "Without a Paddle" and for his voice acting on the Adult Swim claymation series "Robot Chicken". He has aslo been the voices of characters in many video games including many in the "World of Warcraft" series.


Leah Cevoli

Leah Ann Cevoli (born; May 4, 1974) is an American movie and television actress, host and producer. She first gained fame on the HBO series "Deadwood" and for providing voices on the Adult Swim series "Robot Chicken".

Shelby Fero

Shelby Ann Fero (born October 27, 1993) is an American writer and comedian.
Fero was born at Stanford Hospital on October 27, 1993. After graduating from Menlo-Atherton High School, she attended the USC School of Cinematic Arts before leaving to pursue a career in comedy.

Jamie Loftus

Jamie Bethany Loftus (born August 18, 1993 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American writer, stand-up alternative comedian, animator, podcast co-host and actress based in Los Angeles. She is known for her solo work, such as her one-woman shows "I Lost My Virginity on August 15, 2010" and "Boss, Whom is Girl". She has also written comedic articles, and written/starred in video content, for media sites such as Adult Swim, Comedy Central, "Paste" and Super Deluxe. She was nominated for an Emmy for her work on "Robot Chicken" in 2020.


Tamara Garfield

Tamara Garfield American actress, comedian, director and screenwriter.

She is a recurring voice actor on Adult Swim's "Robot Chicken". Garfield is the voice of the lead female dog "Callie" in the feature movie "Rescue Dogs".

2015 FIFA U-17 World Cup

2015 FIFA U-17 World Cup was held in Chile from 17 October to 8 November. It was the sixteenth tournament of the FIFA U-17 World Cup

List of named minor planets: B


Clare Grant

Clare Camille Johnson (born August 23, 1979), known professionally as Clare Grant is an American actress, model and producer. She co-founded Team Unicorn. With Team Unicorn, Grant has produced several web series and music video parodies. These include "Geek and Gamer Girls" and "All About That Base".


Imperial Russian Navy

The Imperial Russian Navy (in Russian: "Российский императорский флот") was the navy of the Russian Empire (and its predecessor: Tsardom of Russia), from 1696 until the start of the Russian Revolution in 1917.

It was founded by Tsar Peter the Great. This was due to the fact that Russia did not have naval forces and the inexperience of its inhabitants in naval architecture, after a visit to Amsterdam, Tsar Peter would learn naval construction in detail, the first ship would be the Frigate Oryol (Eagle in English), after the victory against the Ottomans in Azov, the Black Sea Fleet would be created, over time the Fleet would grow. In 1740 the Baltic Fleet based in St. Petersburg would be founded after several victories against the Swedish Fleet. This was during the Russo-Turkish Wars the Black Sea Fleet would be the main fleet against the Ottoman Influence in this Sea. Near the end of the 1700s, the Caspian, White Sea and Okhotsk Flotillas would be created.

The Russians would also make Circumnavigation trips, from the Pacific Coast of Russia to the north of the Hawaiian Islands, They would participate in the Napoleonic Wars against the Ottoman Navy, During the Crimean War, they would suffer a serious defeat against the Ottoman Empire, Great Britain, France and Sardinia, then over time the fleet would increase in naval size becoming one of the largest existing fleets, During the War Against Japan, they would suffer a serious defeat which would make Russia look like a less strong country From what it appeared to be, the fleet would finally be dissolved after the Russian Revolution where it would be succeeded by the Soviet Navy in 1920.


Jordan Ladd

Jordan Elizabeth Ladd (born January 14, 1975) is an American actress. She is the daughter of actress Cheryl Ladd and producer David Ladd. Ladd began her acting career working with her mother in several movies that were made for television. She made her first movie when she was nineteen. It was the vampire movie "Embrace of the Vampire" (1994). After this, she was in the drama "Nowhere" (1997) and the comedy "Never Been Kissed" (1999). Ladd became known as a scream queen after she had acted in several successful horror movies. She was in "Cabin Fever" (2002), "Club Dread" (2004), "Death Proof" (2007) and "Grace" (2009).

Azeotrope

Azeotropes are the mixtures of liquids which boil at a constant temperature. Azeotropes may be called "constant boiling point mixtures" or "azeotropic mixtures".

Their proportions cannot be altered by simple distillation.

Azeotropes are classified into two types

Docudrama

A Docudrama or Documentrary drama is a genre used for televisionon and movies. In the past is was also used on radio. The genre uses dramatic techniques as they show real events. These events are normally for the documentary genre.  On television, the docudrama has its origin in reality television programs. Because of changes with these types of progams over the years, there are now three main categories. 


Nogizaka Station

Nogizaka Station (乃木坂駅, のぎざかえき) is a railway station of Tokyo Metro in Tokyo, Japan.


Area code 212

Area code 212 is an area code for New York. It was one of the first area codes created in October 1947. It used to cover all five boroughs of New York City, including the Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens, and Staten Island boroughs, but after it was split by 718 in 1984, which covers those boroughs of New York City, 212 is now restricted to the Manhattan borough of New York City. It was overlaid by 917 in 1992 which covers the entirety of New York City, 646 in 1999, and 332 in 2017.

Biodegradable waste

Biodegradable waste includes any organic matter in waste which can be broken down into carbon dioxide, water, methane or simple organic molecules by micro-organisms and other living things.


Sara Nazarbayeva

Sara Alpysovna Nazarbayeva (, ', , , née Konakayeva (Qonaqaeva, Конакаева); born 12 February 1941) served as the First Lady of Kazakhstan and is the wife of President Nursultan Nazarbayev. 
She married Nursultan in 1962 after her graduation. They have three daughters — Dariga, Dinara and Aliya — and six grandchildren and a great granddaughter.
Nazarbayeva is the President of , an international children's foundation. She founded this in 1992. For her work with children she was awarded the Ihsan Dogramaci Family Health Foundation Prize by the World Health Organization in 1997 and the International Unity Prize.

Area code 205

Area code 205 is an area code for Alabama. It was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire state, but after it was split by 334 (first area code to not have a 0 and 1 as the middle digit) in 1995 and 256 in 1998, it now covers the western and central part of the state, typically in the cities of Birmingham and Tuscaloosa. It was overlaid by area code 659 in 2019.

Dinara Nazarbayeva

Dinara Nursultanqyzy Nazarbayeva (, born 19 August 1967) is a Kazakh billionaire heiress, businesswoman. She is also the middle daughter of former Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev. She is married to Timur Kulibayev, a Kazakh oligarch.
She is the fourth-richest person in Kazakhstan. Her fortune is estimated to be around $1.3 billion. During 2022 Kazakh protests she lost $200 million according to "Forbes".

Nazarbayeva was born in Temirtau, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union.
In 1989, she graduated from the Russian Institute of Theatre Arts.

In 1998, she received her MBA from KIMEP University.

In 2007, she defended her doctoral dissertation on "Methodological foundations of the management of the educational system of international schools."
In 2009, he heads the National Education Fund named after Nursultan Nazarbayev.

In 2018, according to Forbes, Dinara Kulibayeva's fortune was $3.2 billion. The total capital of the Kulibayevs in 2018 the same year was more than $6.4 billion. It took the 779th position in the world.

She is married to Timur Kulibayev in 1990. They have three children: a son and two daughters. Her husband is a well-known businessman in Kazakhstan. He is the third-richest man in Kazakhstan and the 973rd-richest in the world.

Aliya Nazarbayeva

Aliya Nursultanovna Nazarbaeva (, born 3 February 1980) is a Kazakhstani movie producer and businesswoman. She is the youngest daughter of Nursultan Nazarbayev, the first President of Kazakhstan.

Nazarbayeva graduated from the K. Baiseitova National Musical School in Almaty. She studied at the International Relations Faculty of the Richmond University in London and the International Relations Faculty of the George Washington University in Washington D.C.
In 2001, she graduated from the Law Faculty of the Kazakh State Law Academy with a degree in Legal Science. In 2016, The Al-Farabi Kazakh National University gave her an MBA degree in “Economics. Innovation Economics & Management”.

Nazarbayeva is in charge of several companies in Kazakhstan. But it is said that her natural gas company gets good treatment from the government because of her father. In 2005, police in Almaty took control of the newspaper "Svoboda Slova" after it printed an article about dealings by Aliya Nazarbayeva through her construction company Elitstroi. In 2018, people in Temirtau collected petitions about polluted black snow to send her. The petitions were send to her because of her role as head of the Association of Ecological Organisations of Kazakhstan.
She is the producer of several documentary series. She produced "The Road to Mother" in 2016. The movie received awards at six international film festivals. It won prizes at a festival in Croatia and the Eurasian Bridge INternational Film Festival” .

Nazarbayeva was married to Aidar Akayev. He is the eldest son of former Kyrgyz president Askar Akayev. According to the BBC, the marriage was "seen by many people as a return to the old Central Asian tradition of cementing political ties with family ones."

Now she is married to Dimash Dosanov. He is the former general director of KazTransOil. It is the largest oil pipeline company in Kazakhstan. They have 4 children, daughters Tiara (born 2007) and Alsara (born 2011), son Aldiyar (born 2016) and daughter named Alana (born 2018).

2021 Barbadian presidential election

The 2021 Barbadian presidential election was held on 20 October 2021 to choose the first President of Barbados. Sandra Mason, the incumbent Governor-General of Barbados, was elected President. She replaced Queen Elizabeth II as head of state of Barbados. She was sworn in on 30 November 2021.

Area codes 204, 431, and 584

Area codes 204, 481, and 584 is are area codes for Manitoba. Area code 204 was one of the initial area codes created in 1947. It covers the entire province of Manitoba. It was overlaid by area code 431 in 2012 and overlaid by 584 on October 29, 2022.

Area code 206

Area code 206 is an area code for Washington. It was one of the initial area codes created in 1947. It used to cover the entire state, but after it was split by 509 in 1957, 360 (one of the first area codes to not have a 0 or 1 as the middle digit) in 1995, 253 and 425 in 1997, it now covers the Seattle suburbs of the state.

Area code 207

Area code 207 is an area code for Maine. It was one of the initial area codes created in 1947. It currently covers the entire state of Maine, making it one of the longest area codes to cover the entire state without being split or overlaid.

Area codes 208 and 986

Area codes 208 and 986 are area codes for Idaho. Area code 208 was one of the first area codes created in October 1947. It covers the entire state. It was overlaid by 986 in 2017.

Area code 209

Area code 209 is an area code for California. It was one of the initial area codes created in 1947. It used to cover the entire state, but after being split multiple times, it now covers the central section of the state, specifically in the Alpine, Amador, Calaveras, El Dorado, Mariposa, Merced, Sacramento, San Joaquin, Stanislaus, and Tuolumne counties. It will be overlaid by 350 on November 28, 2022.

1911 Michoacán earthquake

The 1911 Michoacán Earthquake was an earthquake that occurred at 04:26 local time (11:02 UTC) on June 7, 1911. It had a magnitude of 7.6 Richter degrees.

The earthquake is better known as the "Maderista Earthquake" ("Sismo Maderista" in Spanish), because hours after the tremor, the revolutionary Francisco I Madero would arrive in Mexico City with a triumphant entry after the fall of Porfirio Díaz.

It is considered a megathrust earthquake, along the Middle America Trench. This is a major subduction zone.

The earthquake caused damage in Mexico City, causing the fall of 119 homes and the death of at least 45 people, Ciudad Guzmán in the state of Jalisco was left almost completely in ruins.

Cliff Palace

Cliff Palace is the largest cliff dwelling in North America. The structure is located in Mesa Verde National Park.



Uchu Sentai Kyuranger

Uchu Sentai Kyuranger is a Japanese television series. It is the 41th in Toei's Super Sentai series, following "Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger". The show premiered on February 12, 2017, joining "Kamen Rider Ex-Aid" and later "Kamen Rider Build" in the "Super Hero Time" line-up on TV Asahi affiliate stations before concluding on February 4, 2018. "Kyuranger" is considered the fifth space-themed series whose primary motifs are Constellation and Classical mythology, and it is also the first "Super Sentai" series to introduce nine regular members in the beginning instead of five or fewer like previous installments. The team later gains three additional members, increasing the number to twelve and becoming the largest team of the franchise so far. Action footage to retitled "Power Rangers Cosmic Fury".





Kishiryu Sentai Ryusoulger

Kishiryu Sentai Ryusoulger is a Japanese television series. It is the 43th in Toei's Super Sentai series. This succeeded "Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger" and following the four week special TV miniseries "Super Sentai Strongest Battle". Although the series primarily aired in the Reiwa era, it is considered the final Heisei era series as it began airing during it. It is the fourth "Super Sentai" series to use the motif of dinosaurs, having been preceded by "Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger" (and "Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger Brave"). It is also the first to use the motif of knights.

The show aired from March 17, 2019 to March 1, 2020, joining "Kamen Rider Zi-O", and later "Kamen Rider Zero-One", in the "Super Hero Time" line-up on TV Asahi affiliate stations. Additionally "Ryusoulger" began airing in South Korea in August 2019 as "Power Rangers Dino Soul". Its footage was adapted for "Power Rangers"'s 28th season - "Power Rangers Dino Fury", in 2021.

65 million years ago, the knights of the Ryusoul Tribe were selected to go for a war campaign against the dictating Druidon Tribe who sought to rule Earth. But the Druidon's war campaign was halted by the meteor that brought the age of the dinosaurs to an end. They were forced to flee into space. Meanwhile, the Kishiryu were placed in a deep sleep as a failsafe should the Druidon return. The chosen knights choose to live in peace while passing their mantle down across generations. Today, the Druidon return to reclaim Earth. Current generations of knights, the Ryusoulgers, battle them with the support of Ui Tatsui and the father Naohisa Tatsui.





Donald Pinkel

Donald Paul Pinkel (September 7, 1926 – March 9, 2022) was an American medical doctor. He focused in pediatric hematology and oncology. Pinkel was the first director of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital from 1962 to 1973. Pinkel was born in Buffalo, New York.

Pinkel died on March 9, 2022 in San Luis Obispo, California at the age of 95.

Emilio Delgado

Emilio Ernest Delgado (May 8, 1940 – March 10, 2022) was an American actor and singer. He was best known for his role as Luis, the Fix-it Shop owner, on the children's television series "Sesame Street". Delgado played Luis from 1971 until 2016. He was born in Calexico, California.

In 2020, Delgado was diagnosed with multiple myeloma. He died from the disease at his home in New York City on March 10, 2022, at the age of 81.

Bobbie Nelson

Bobbie Lee Nelson (January 1, 1931 – March 10, 2022) was an American country pianist and singer. She was the older sister of Willie Nelson and a member of his band, Willie Nelson and Family. She joined Willie Nelson on the piano during his sessions with Atlantic Records, that produced "The Troublemaker", "Shotgun Willie" and "Phases and Stages".

Nelson died on March 10, 2022, at the age of 91.

Alvard Petrossyan

Alvard Petrossyan (, October 4, 1946 – March 10, 2022) was an Armenian writer, philologist, publicist and politician. She was born in Yerevan, Armenia. She was a deputy in the National Assembly for the Armenian Revolutionary Federation from 1999 until 2012. 

Petrossyan died on March 10, 2022 in Yerevan at the age of 75.

Odalis Pérez

Odalis Amadol Pérez (June 11, 1977 – March 10, 2022) was a Dominican professional baseball starting pitcher. He played with the Atlanta Braves from 1998 until 2001, the Los Angeles Dodgers from 2002 until 2006, the Kansas City Royals from 2006 until 2007, and the Washington Nationals in 2008. Pérez was born in Las Matas de Farfán, Dominican Republic.

Pérez died on March 10, 2022 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic after falling of a ladder at his home, aged 44.

Sayyid Qutb

Sayyid 'Ibrāhīm Ḥusayn Quṭb ( or ; , ; "Sayyid Quṭb"; 9 October 1906 – 29 August 1966), known popularly as Sayyid Qutb (), was an Egyptian author, educator, Islamic scholar, theorist, revolutionary, poet, and a leading member of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood in the 1950s and 1960s. 

In 1966, he was found guilty of planning the assassination of Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser and was executed by hanging in Cairo at the age of 59. 

He is called "the Father of Salafi jihadism. Many have also called him the father of al-Qaeda and ISIL since these groups were founded and inspired by his ideas.

Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger

Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger is a Japanese television series. It is the 42th in Toei's Super Sentai series, following "Uchu Sentai Kyuranger".
This series if the first to feature two different teams of heroes-the gentleman thief-themed Lupinrangers and the Police-themed Patrangers. They engage in a three-way battle against an alien criminal organization targeting Earth called the Gangler. It is also the first "Super Sentai" tv series to not have an ending theme like many of TV Asahi's other shows. 
"Lupinranger vs Patranger" was the last "Super Sentai" series to air entirely in the Heisei era, premiered on February 11, 2018, and on February 10, 2019, joining "Kamen Rider Build" and later "Kamen Rider Zi-O", in the "Super Hero Time" line-up on TV Asahi affiliate stations.

The Lupin Collection, a big collection of dangerous items acquired by the legendary gentleman thief Arsenè Lupin, is stolen by a crime syndicate known as the Gangler. However, they receive opposition from two Super Sentai teams: the Lupinrangers: Kairi Yano, Touma Yoimachi and Umika Hayami. They aim to steal back the collection to live up their namesake's reputation and save those they have lost. The others are Patrangers: Keiichiro Asaka, Sakuya Hikawa and Tsukasa Myoujin. They are tasked with uploading justice by getting back the collection and taking down the Gangler. A human drama unfolds that pits the opposing teams against each other as their late tale is woven. This is made more intricate by the Lupin Collection's mysterious origins and its contributor Noël Takao. He aids the two teams as their fourth member in the hopes of uniting them against the Gangler for his own agenda. After the Gangler are defeated, the Patrangers learn the Lupinrangers' identities and motives while Noël still works to unite the two Super Sentai teams into one.





Johann Gottlieb Graun

Johann Gottlieb Graun (1702 or 1703 27 October 1771) was a German composer and violinist

Graun was born in Wahrenbrück. His father was a tax collector. His brothers were Carl Heinrich Graun and August Friedrich Graun. Johann was the second oldest son. He and Carl studied in the Kreuzschule, Dresden. He sang in the choir. Johann Zacharias Grundig taught Graun music and singing. He and Carl left the Kreuzschule in 1721. He studied playing the violin with Johann Georg Pisendel. He went to Padua to study the violin with Giuseppe Tartini.

In 1726, he became the "Konzertmeister" in the court of Merseburg. That means he was the leading violinist of the orchestra in Merseburg. From 1726 to 1727 Wilhelm Friedemann Bach studied the violin with Graun. He wrote six violin sonatas in Merseburg. In 1731 he became the "Konzertmeister" in the court of Waldeck. He married Dorothea-Josepha Schmiel in 1731. In 1732, he became a member of the "Kapelle" in Ruppin. He worked for crown prince Frederick of Prussia. Carl, Graun's brother, joined the orchestra. He taught Franz Benda violin playing. In 1740, Frederick became king. Graun moved to Berlin. He became the "Konzertmeister" in Berlin.

He wrote instrumental music in Berlin. He was the "Konzertmaster" in Berlin until he died. He died in Berlin on October 27, 1771.

Graun often worked together with his brother. They both marked their music with "Graun". This made it difficult to tell which brother wrote a piece of music. Graun mostly wrote instrumental music. His music includes symphonies, concertos, operas, chamber music.

Super Sentai Strongest Battle

4 Week Continuous Special Super Sentai Strongest Battle!! is a Japanese Tokusatsu minidrama (crossover special) based on Toei's long-running Super Sentai metaseries featuring cast members from past installments and acts as a prelude to the events of "Kishiryu Sentai Ryusoulger". It aired from February 17, 2019, following the finale "Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger", until March 10, 2019, alongside "Kamen Rider Zi-O" in the "Super Hero Time" line-up on TV Asahi affiliate stations.

A mysterious girl named Rita invites members from the Super Sentai teams across history to Planet Nemesis. The heroes are told that any wish they desire will come true if they can win the "Super Sentai Strongest Battle" tournament, the 160 heroes divided into 32 teams of five to complete against each other to have their wishes granted while contending with the mysterious Gaisoulg who seeks worthy opponents to battle. The story follows the Oddball Team, composed of the Zyuohgers' Yamato Kazakiri, the of Gokaigers' Captain Marvelous, the Ninningers' Takaharu Igasaki, the Kyurangers' Stinger, and the ToQgers' Kagura as they fight other heroes for the prize while learning the secrets behind the tournament.




Free State of Prussia

The Free State of Prussia () was a state of Germany from 1918 to 1947. It was formed in 1918 in Weimar Republic after the German Empire and its state, the Kingdom of Prussia collapsed in 1918 in World War 1 and the German Revolution Of 1918–1919. It’s German Colonies in Africa,Asia and Oceania and the Pacific Ocean which were lost and occupied by Britain,France,Belgium,Portugal and Japan,Australia . Kaiser Wilhelm II the last Kaiser of Germany who replaced his father Friedrich III of Germany in 1888 was forced to surrender the Prussian Throne in 1918. During the Interwar period from 1918–1939, the Weimar Era Germany was very poor when The Great Depression began in 1929. However, in 1933 Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party took over and formed a new German Reich aka the Greater German Reich and aka the Third Reich (Nazi Germany) just like Otto von Bismarck formed Germany in 1871 after the Franco-Prussian War and the defeat of Napoleon III. After the end of World War 2 in 1945, the Free State Of Prussia dissolved in 1947, and in 1949 Germany got split into West Germany (Federal Republic Of Germany) and East Germany (German Democratic Republic) and Berlin was split into West Berlin and East Berlin by the Allies until the Berlin Wall was built in 1961 where it lasted 28 years until the Fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989. Today the Free State Of Prussia became Schleswig-Holstein,Lower Saxony,Brandenburg,Pomerania,Rhineland-Palatinate and other States of Germany while East Prussia became part of the Soviet Union in 1945 which Joseph Stalin took from the Nazis and today it is called Kaliningrad in Russia (Russian Federation) since 1991 after the 1947–1991 Cold War with the United States Of America,Britain and France . The Presidents of the Free State Of Prussia were Friedrich Ebert from 1919-to 1925 and Paul von Hindenburg from 1925 to 1934. The last President of Nazi Germany was Admiral Karl Dönitz who surrendered Nazi Germany in May 1945 after Adolf Hitler’s death on 30 April 1945 which was originally going to be on 5 May 1945 the date that Napoleon died in 1821. Still, it was 30 April instead since Adolf Hitler is not related to Napoleon since he is a Austrian and was only copying Napoleon.

States of the Weimar Republic

The States of the Weimar Republic were the first-level administrative divisions and constituent states of the German Reich during the Weimar Republic era.

Vincent of Saragossa

Vincent of Saragossa (also known as Vincent Martyr, Vincent of Huesca or Vincent the Deacon), the Protomartyr of Spain, was a deacon of the Church of Saragossa. He is the patron saint of Lisbon and Valencia. His feast day is 22 January in the Roman Catholic Church, Anglican Communion, and the Orthodox Church.

Hispania Tarraconensis

Hispania Tarraconensis was one of three Roman provinces in Hispania.

Patrice Trovoada

Patrice Émery Trovoada (born 18 March 1962) is a São Toméan politician. He was the 15th prime minister of São Tomé and Príncipe from November 2014 to December 2018. He also served as Prime Minister from February 2008 to June 2008 and again from August 2010 to December 2012.

Ungheni

Ungheni () is a municipality in Moldova. It have a population of 35,157, it is the seventh largest town in Moldova and the seat of Ungheni District.

Nyctimantis bokermanni

The Bokermann's casque-headed frog ("Nyctimantis bokermanni") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Bulgar language

Bulgar (also known as Bulghar, Bolgar, or Bolghar) is an extinct Oghur Turkic language spoken by the Bulgars.

The name is came from the Bulgars, a tribal that established the Bulgar state known as Old Great Bulgaria in the mid-7th century, which became the Danubian Bulgaria by the 680s.

Mashin Sentai Kiramager

Mashin Sentai Kiramager is a Japanese television series. It is the 44th in Toei's Super Sentai series and the first season in the Reiwa era. "Kiramager"'s main motifs are Genie, Jewel and Vehicle. "Super Hero Time" joined "Kamen Rider Saber" and then "Kamen Rider Revice".





From episodes 23 to 31, the following songs replaced "Kiraful Miracle Kiramager" as the ending theme.


Míchel (footballer, born 1963)

José Miguel González Martín del Campo, known as Míchel (; born 23 March 1963), is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a right midfielder, and is a current manager.

He was most noted for his outstanding crossing ability, also contributing with a fair share of goals. During his career he represented mainly Real Madrid – over a decade – achieving great team and individual success.

Míchel earned nearly 70 caps for Spain from 1985 to 1992, and appeared for the nation in two World Cups (scoring four goals in the 1990 edition) and one European Championship. He started working as a manager in 2005, famously leading Olympiacos to two Super League Greece accolades.

Real Madrid

Olympiacos




Hjorthagen

Hjorthagen is a district in the northeastern part of central Stockholm, located near Ropsten and Lidingöbron. Since 1997, Hjorthagen has been part of Östermalm district.

Hjorthagen belongs to Östermalm district, it had around 8,000 inhabitants in 2017 and is estimated to have over 17,000 inhabitants by year 2027. The district borders Ladugårdsgärdet and Norra Djurgården.

Forex scandal

The Forex scandal is a financial scandal that involves the discovery that the some of the world's biggest currency exchange banks teamed together for at least a decade to control and rig the daily foreign exchange rates.

Market regulators in Asia, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United States began investigating the $5.3 trillion everyday foreign-exchange market after Bloomberg News reported in June 2013 that currency dealers said they had been front-running client orders and rigging the foreign exchange benchmark. WM/Reuters rates by colluding with counterparts and pushing through trades before and during the 60-second window when the benchmark rates are set. The behavior occurred daily in the spot foreign-exchange market and went on for at least a decade, according to currency traders. At least 11 banks including Barclays, HSBC, and Goldman Sachs disclosed investigations by regulators. Barclays, Citigroup, and JPMorgan Chase all suspended or placed on leave senior currency traders. Deutsche Bank, continental Europe’s largest lender, was also cooperating with requests for information from regulators.

Libor scandal

The Libor scandal was a series of fraudulent actions connected to the Libor (London Interbank Offered Rate). It affected the Interbank foreign exchange market, the trading of different banks with each other.

The Libor is an average interest rate. It is calculated when major banks in London submit their interest rates. It was discovered that banks falsely changed the interest rates before submitting them, so that they could profit from the trades. Sometimes, this also made them look more creditworthy than they really were. There is a market of about 350 trillion dollars in derivatives, which is connected to Libor. The British Bankers' Association manages the Libor. 

The banks are supposed to submit the actual interest rates they are paying, or would expect to pay, for borrowing from other banks. The Libor is supposed to be the total assessment of the health of the financial system because if the banks being polled feel confident about the state of things, they report a low number and if the member banks feel a low degree of confidence in the financial system, they report a higher interest rate number. In June 2012, multiple criminal settlements by Barclays Bank revealed significant fraud and collusion by member banks connected to the rate submissions, leading to the scandal.

An attempt to manipulate Libor is an attempt to manipulate United States derivatives markets, and thus a violation of American law. Since mortgages, student loans, financial derivatives, and other financial products often rely on Libor as a reference rate, the manipulation of submissions used to calculate those rates can have significant negative effects worldwide.

On 27 July 2012, the "Financial Times" published an article by a former trader. The article said that Libor manipulation had been common since at least 1991. Further reports on this have since come from the BBC and Reuters. On 28 November 2012, the Finance Committee of the Bundestag held a hearing to learn more about the issue.

The British Bankers’ Association said on 25 September 2012 that it would transfer oversight of Libor to United Kingdom regulators, as predicted by bank analysts, proposed by Financial Services Authority Managing Director Martin Wheatley's independent review recommendations. Wheatley's review recommended that banks submitting rates to Libor must base them on actual inter-bank deposit market transactions and keep records of those transactions, that individual banks' LIBOR submissions be published after three months, and recommended criminal sanctions specifically for manipulation of benchmark interest rates. Financial institution customers may experience higher and more volatile borrowing and hedging costs after implementation of the recommended reforms. The UK government agreed to accept all of the Wheatley Review's recommendations and press for legislation implementing them.

Significant reforms, in line with the Wheatley Review, came into effect in 2013 and a new administrator will take over in early 2014. The UK controls Libor through laws made in the UK Parliament. In particular, the Financial Services Act 2012 brings Libor under UK regulatory oversight and creates a criminal offence for knowingly or deliberately making false or misleading statements relating to benchmark-setting.

Archil Talakvadze

Archil Talakvadze (; born 16 January 1983) is a Georgian politician. He was made the Speaker of the Parliament of Georgia on 25 June 2019.

FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk

FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk (, "FK Shakhtsyor Salihorsk") is a football club from Soligorsk (Salihorsk), in Belarus. They currently play in the Belarusian Premier League.




"As of 22 July 2021."

Romance-speaking world

The Romance-speaking world, Romanophone world, Neolatin world, or Latin-speaking world, is the part of the world where Romance languages are important and commonly user, this includes Latin Europe and Latin America, as well as parts of North America and Romance-speaking Africa and Romance-speaking Asia.

It includes the Spanish-, Galician-Portuguese-, French-, Italian-, Romanian- and Occitan-Catalan-speaking communities around the world.

Pápa

Pápa is a town in Veszprém county, Hungary. It is near the northern edge of the Bakony Hills. The town has a lot of baroque architecture. 32,473 people lived there in 2011. The town is the cultural, economic and tourism center of the region.

European Economic Area

The European Economic Area (EEA) was established because of the "Agreement on the European Economic Area", an international agreement which lets the extension of the European Union's single market to members of the European Free Trade Association.

Oujda

Oujda (; ) is a major Moroccan city near the border with Algeria. Oujda is the capital city of the Oriental region of northeastern Morocco and has a population of about 558,000 people living there. 

Oriental (Morocco)

Oriental région or Oujda region (; ) is one of the twelve regions of Morocco, it is in the northeast Morocco. Its area is 90,127 km². 2,314,346 people lived there at the 2014 census.

Area code 302

Area code 302 is an area code for Delaware. It was one of the initial area codes created in October 1947. It still covers the entire state of Delaware. It is one of the longest area codes to cover an entire U.S. state without being split or overlaid.

Hakuba


From Japanese census data,


Dik Kruidenier

Dik Kruidenier is a Dutch Paralympic swimmer, athlete and wheelchair basketball player. At the 1960 Summer Paralympics and 1964 Summer Paralympics he won a total of four silver and one bronze medal. 

At the inaugural 1960 Summer Paralympics in Rome he won two silver medals in athletics and a third silver medal with the wheelchair basketball team. Four years later at the 1964 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo he won a silver and bronze medal in swimming. He competed in swimming in disability class 5.

Kruidenier lived in Doorn where he trained at the Aardenburg military rehabilitation center.

Amane Yanagimoto

Amane Yanagimoto (born 4 August 1998) is a Japanese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the Japan women's national wheelchair basketball team and her club Cocktail. She plays as a forward. In 2021 she competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

When she was two years old she had an illness that resulted in impairment to her lower limbs. She started playing wheelchair basketball when she was twelve years old, being introcuded by staff of the hospital. She made her debut with the national team at the 2014 Asian Para Games in Incheon winning she silver medal. Four years later she again won with the team the silver medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games in Jakarta. She competed at the 2019 Women's U25 World Championship. and 2019 Asia Oceania Championships . 

She was part of the "All Star Five Player at the 2019 Asia Oceania Championships in Thailand. She received the "All Star Five Award" and the "Three Point Award" at the 2020 Empress's Cup.

She studied Life Science at the Doshisha Women's College of Liberal Arts in Kyotanabe. 


Sogdian language

The Sogdian language was an Eastern Iranian language/ It was spoken mainly in the Central Asian region of Sogdia, located in modern-day Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan;

Yui Kitama

Yui Kitama (born October 6, 1994) is a Japanese Wheelchair Basketball player. She is a member of the Women's National Wheelchair Basketball team for Japan. In 2021, she competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.
Kitama was born with Spina Bifida. She has been in a wheelchair since the age of three. At middle school, she was a staff member of the school basketball team. When she was in the seventh grade, the coach took her to an Itami Super Phoenix’s wheelchair basketball match. She was encouraged to start playing. 

She made her debut at the 2010 Asian Para Games, where she won a gold medal with her team. She finished ninth at the 2014 World Championships, and second at the 2014 Asian Para Games. She won the silver medal with the national team at the 2018 Asian Para Games. She competed at the 2019 Asia Oceania Championship for Women.

She studied sociology at the Otemon Gakuin University in Ibaraki. 


Emi Yasuo

Emi Yasuo (born 10 June 1993) is a Japanese wheelchair basketball player, living in Oita. She is a member of the Japan women's national wheelchair basketball team and her club Kyushu Dolphin. In 2021 she competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.
Yasuo was born with arthrogryposis and as a result of that she has paralysis in her legs. Once while shopping in a supermarket she met wheelchair basketball player Miki Hirai, who invited her to start playing wheelchair basketball, but she didn't do that. After graduating from high school, she came back to basketball.

Due to the 2016 Kumamoto earthquakes, houses of her family and relatives were destroyed. She decided to move to Oita from Kumamoto and to continue her sporting careerk. The next year she became the "Most Valuable Player" at the 2017 National Junior Championships. She won the silver medal, with the national team at the 2018 Asian Para Games in Jakarta. She competed at the 2019 Asia Oceania Championship for Women.

In 2019 she was awarded an "Excellence Award" by the Oita Prefecture Para Sports Association.


Mayo Hagino

Mayo Hagino (born 9 March 1993) is a Japanese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the Japan women's national wheelchair basketball team and her club Scratch. In 2021 she competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Hagino has a spinal cord injury due to a spinal tumour. She learned about wheelchair basketball by news article about a player of Miyagi Max. She went to watch the Japanese women's team train in Miyagi Prefecture. Ikumi Fujii, a player of the team, invited her to start playing with Miyagi Max. She did, and started playing seriously in 2009.
She played with the national team at the 2010 Asian Para Games winning the gold medal. She also competed at the 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, where she finished with the team seventh. Four years later at the World Championships they finished nineth. At the 2015 under-25 World Championship she became a "All Star Five Player". She won with the team the silver medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games in Jakarta. She competed at the 2019 Asia Oceania Championships. She became an "All Star Five Player" at the 2020 All Japan Championships.
She studied at the Tohoku Fukushi University in Sendai.

Chihiro Kitada

Chihiro Kitada (born 12 January 1989) is a Japanese wheelchair basketball player (4.5 wheelchair basketball classification). She is a member of the Japan women's national wheelchair basketball team and her club Cocktail. In 2021 she competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Due to polyneuropathy, an progressive illness affecting functions of peripheral nerves, she has impairment of her lower limbs. She started with wheelchair basketball after being introduced by a former player during an internship at a Para sports centre in 2009. She started playing with the men's team Kitakyushu Adachi. She became four times "Most Valuable Player" at the All Japan Championships between 2012 and 2019. With the national team she competed at the 2014 World Championships. After the national team didn't qualify for the 2016 Summer Paralympics, she decided to move to Australia in April 2016. In Australia she played with the Western Stars for two seasons. She returned to Japan in 2018. She won with the Japanese national team the silver medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games in Jakarta. She competed at the 2019 Asia Oceania Championships.

She sustained an wrist injury during the 2020 Empress's Cup.


Rie Odajima

Rie Odajima (born 1 April 1989) is a Japanese wheelchair basketball player (2.5 wheelchair basketball classification). She is a member of the Japan women's national wheelchair basketball team and her club Wing. She competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

In 2011, when Odajima was 22 years old, she had an accident that damaged the spinal cord. As a result she has an impairment in her right leg and the core of the body. When she was in high school she suffered from an eating disorder. Her father suggested to try a Para sports. In 2013, Odajima went to a wheelchair basketball class at a rehabilitation centre, that was given by a former Paralympian. After she started playing basketball, she overcome the eating disorder, as she thought she had to eat well for playing basketball. She won with the team the silver medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games in Jakarta. She was awarded the "Three Point Award" at the 2018 and 2020 Emperor's Cup. She competed at the 2019 Asia Oceania Championships.

Mari Amimoto

Mari Amimoto (born 15 November 1988) is a Japanese wheelchair basketball player (4.5 wheelchair basketball classification). She is a member of the Japan women's national wheelchair basketball team and her club Cocktail. She plays as a forward. She finished fourth at the 2008 Summer Paralympics and won the silver medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. In 2021 she competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Amimoto was born with an bone impairment in her right ankle. She started with wheelchair basketball when she was in grade five of primary school. She started playing competitively in grade 10 of high school. After competing at the 2006 World Championships where she finished with the team 6th, she competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. She made it with the team to the semi finals, and finished fourth after also losing the bronze medal match. After competing at the 2010 and 2014 World Championships, she won the silver medal, with the team at the 2018 Asian Para Games. She competed at the 2019 Asia Oceania Championships.

She was named the "All Star Five Player" at the 2011, 2013 and 2015 Asia-Oceania Championship and also at the 2011 under-25 World Championship. She was "Most Valuable Player" at the 2020 Empress's Cup.

She studied at the Osaka International University. 


Bert Romijn

Bert Romijn, also written as Bert Romyn, (22 August 1934 – 19 July 2018) was a Dutch track cyclist. He became world champion in the amateur motor-paced event at the 1966 UCI Track Cycling World Championships. Between 1960 and 1966, he won two silver medals and a bronze medal at the Dutch national track cycling championships. He was awarded the Knight of the Order of Orange-Nassau. He was also awarded the “Golden Wheel” of the KNWU.
A book was written about him, with the Dutch title: “Van Wielrenner tot Sporthalbouwer / Het levensverhaal van een Haagse Schilderswijker. Bert Romijn "Gaan waar de actie is"”.

Zico (footballer)

Arthur Antunes Coimbra (, born 3 March 1953), better known as Zico (), is a Brazilian football coach and former player. He played as an attacking midfielder. Zico is often called the "White Pelé". He was a very good playmaker. Zico had very good technical skills. He is regarded to be one of the most clinical finishers and best passers ever. He is considered to be one of the greatest players of all time. Zico is also widely known as the greatest Brazilian footballer to never win the World Cup. He was recognised as one of the world's best players of the late 1970s and early 1980s. Zico is recognized as one of the best playmakers and free kick specialists. He was able to bend the ball in all directions. Zico scored the most goals from direct free kicks, with 101 goals.
























Nador

Nador (Berber: Nnaḍua, ⴻⵏⵏⴰⴹⵓⵔ; Arabic: الناظور or الناضور) is a coastal city in the northeastern Rif region of Morocco It is the capital of Nador Province. As of the 2014 census, 161,726 people lived in Nador.

Pannonian Basin

Pannonian Basin, or Carpathian Basin, is a large basin in south-east central Southeast Europe. The geomorphological term Pannonian Plain is usually used for the same region. 

Perfluorohexane

Perfluorohexane (), or tetradecafluorohexane, is a fluorocarbon. It is a derivative of hexane in which all of the hydrogen atoms are replaced by fluorine atoms.

Port Macquarie

Port Macquarie () is a coastal city in New South Wales, Australia. The town is well known for its Koala Hospital, and it is the host of the annual IRONMAN Australia triathlon.

Rio golden-eyed tree frog

The Rio golden-eyed tree frog ("Trachycephalus imitatrix") is a frog that lives in Brazil and Argentina.

List of wars involving the United States

This is a list of wars involving the United States of America.



List of named minor planets: C


List of named minor planets: D


List of named minor planets: E


List of named minor planets: F


List of named minor planets: G


List of named minor planets: H


List of named minor planets: I


List of named minor planets: J


List of named minor planets: K


List of named minor planets: L


List of named minor planets: M


List of named minor planets: N


List of named minor planets: O


List of named minor planets: P


List of named minor planets: Q


List of named minor planets: R


List of named minor planets: S


List of named minor planets: T


List of named minor planets: U


List of named minor planets: V


List of named minor planets: W


List of named minor planets: X


List of named minor planets: Y


List of named minor planets: Z


List of minor planets: 125001–126000


Brandenburg Navy

The Brandenburg Navy (in German: "Kurbrandenburgische Marine") was the navy of the Margraviate of Brandenburg from the 16th century to 1701.

The merger of the Duchy of Prussia and the Margraviate of Brandenburg in ""1701"", would give way to the Kingdom of Prussia and this would also give way to the creation of the Prussian Navy, successor to this old Navy.

It would be founded at an unknown time in the 16th century, and would be commanded by the Prince-Electors of Brandenburg, who belonged to the Hohenzollern Dynasty, and would operate several battles in the Baltic, during the colonial era of Brandenburg, the army would take care of protecting to the Brandenburg Gold Coast (present-day Ghana) and several islands in the Antilles, to protect the interests in these colonies. They would also participate in various naval blockades of countries. Over time "Brandenburg" would lose its colonies and would sequentially be merged with Prussia, in 1721, it would be completely merged with the "Prussian Navy" to create a single Navy.

List of ships in the Brandenburg Navy:




Trial of Arne Cheyenne Johnson

The Trial of Arne Cheyenne Johnson, also known as the "Devil Made Me Do It" case, is a 1981 court case in the United States. It is the first known case in the United States in which the defense tried to prove a person was not guilty because they were possessed by a demon. They said that since the person on trial was possessed by a demon, he was not responsible for the crime. 

On November 24, 1981, in Brookfield, Connecticut, Arne Cheyenne Johnson was found guilty of first-degree manslaughter for the killing of his landlord, Alan Bono. According to testimony by the Glatzel family, 11-year-old David Glatzel had been a host to a demon. After they saw many very bad things happen that involved David, the family asked Ed and Lorraine Warren for help. They saw it as their last hope to "cure" David. The Glatzel family, with the Warrens, had many priests ask the Church to have a formal exorcism performed on David. The exorcism lasted for several days. Those people who were there said that it ended when a demon left the child's body. They said the demon moved into the body of Arne. These events were written about in the book "The Devil In Connecticut" by Gerald Brittle.

Several months after the exorcism, Arne killed his landlord during a party. His lawyer told the court that he was possessed. The judge said that this could never be proven. He said that this defense could not be used in a court of law. Arne was found guilty of the crime. He was sent to prison for 10 to 20 year but only spent 5 years in prison.

The trial attracted media attention from around the world . The case became well known because of the many depictions of the events in books and on television. The story was later made into a movie titled "" (2021).

Dharwad

Dharwad, also known as Dharwar, is a city located in the north western part of the Indian state of Karnataka. It is the headquarters of the Dharwad district of Karnataka and forms a contiguous urban area with the city of Hubballi. It was merged with Hubballi in 1962 to form the twin cities of Hubballi-Dharwad. It covers an area of and is located northwest of Bangalore, on NH-48, between Bangalore and Pune.

List of minor planets: 126001–127000


List of minor planets: 127001–128000


List of minor planets: 128001–129000


List of minor planets: 129001–130000


Cora Faith Walker

Cora Faith Walker (1984/1985 – March 11, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. She was a member of the Missouri House of Representatives for the 74th district from January 2017 to July 2019. On July 29, 2019, Walker resigned from the Missouri House of Representatives and became the policy director for St. Louis County executive Sam Page.

Walker died on March 11, 2022 in Ferguson, Missouri at the age of 37.

Rustam Ibragimbekov

Rustam Mammad Ibrahim oglu Ibragimbekov (; ; 5 February 1939 – 11 March 2022) was a Soviet-born Azerbaijani movie director, producer and screenwriter. His best known movie was "White Sun of the Desert" (1969).

Ibragimbekov died after a long illness at his home in Moscow, on 11 March 2022, at the age of 83.

Magne Landrø

Magne Landrø (24 August 1937 – 10 March 2022) was a Norwegian sport shooter. He was born in Trondheim, Norway. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, and at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. 

Landrø died in Lillestrøm, Norway on 10 March 2022 at the age of 84.

John F. Dunlap

John Francis Dunlap (September 11, 1922 – March 7, 2022) was an American politician. He was born in San Jose, California. Dunlap was a member of the Democratic Party. Dunlap was a member of the California State Assembly from 1967 until 1974. He was a member of the California State Senate from 1974 until 1978.

Dunlap died on March 7, 2022 in Napa, California at the age of 99.

Robert Andrews Millikan

Robert Andrews Millikan (March 22, 1868 – December 19, 1953) was an American professor of experimental physicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1923 for his method of accurately measuring the electric charge through the Millikan oil drop experiment and for his work of the photoelectric effect. He was also the researcher on cosmic radiation.

Millikan received the first-class bachelor's degree from Oberlin College in 1891 and a doctorate in physics from Columbia University in 1895. He was the first person to receive a doctorate from this university.



Cherifian Anthem

The "Cherifian Anthem" (; ) is the national anthem of Morocco. It is made by French military officer , it has been in use since the French protectorate period. Lyrics were written by Ali Squalli Houssaini and adopted in 1970.

Léo Morgan

Léo Morgan is a French captain and bandmaster in the Cherifian guard during the French protectorate in Morocco. Morgan composed the Cherifian Anthem, which was adopted as the national anthem of Morocco in 1970.

Mestiço

Mestiço, in Colonial Brazil, was used to refer to people of mixed Indigenous American or African and European ancestry.

Maxim Berezovsky

Maxim Sozontovich Berezovsky (; , 1740 2 April 1777) was a Russian and Ukrainian composer. He worked in St. Petersburg. He was the first Eastern Slavic composer to write an opera.

A lot of Berezovsky's early life is not known. His birth year is often said to be 1745. However, some musicologists doubt this. In 1758 he became a tenor singer in Oranienbaum. He sang in some operas. He studied music composition with Baldassare Galuppi and Vincenzo Manfredini. He wrote choral concertos in the 1760s.

In 1769, he went to Italy. He studied with Padre Martini. In 1771 took an exam at the Bologna College of Music. He passed the exam. He wrote an opera called "Il Demofonte" in Italy. It was performed in 1773. He also wrote a violin sonata in Italy. He returned to Russia in 1773. He became a composer for the Imperial Theatres office. He died on April 2, 1777 in St. Petersburg.

Kikai Sentai Zenkaiger

Kikai Sentai Zenkaiger is a Japanese television series.

This is the 45th in Toei's Super Sentai series. Also, it is the 2nd show made in the Reiwa era. Additionally, it commemorates the 45th anniversary of the "Super Sentai" franchise. It is also the 2nd special anniversary series following "Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger".

The show succeeded "Mashin Sentai Kiramager", joining "Kamen Rider Saber" and later, "Kamen Rider Revice" in the Super Hero Time line-up on TV Asahi on March 7, 2021. A direct sequel, titled "Avataro Sentai Donbrothers", aired after the finale.




Division of Illawarra

The Division of Illawarra was as a Federal Electoral Division for the Australian House of Representatives in the state of New South Wales. It covered part of the Illawarra region which it was named after. The division was created in 1900. It was one of the original 75 divisions set up for the first federal election in 1901. It was abolished in the redistributions that happened in 1922.

The most famous member elected for the division was George Fuller who was a minister under Alfred Deakin. After losing the division in the 1913 Federal election, Fuller would be elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly where he would hold the seat of Wollondilly. Fuller would later become the Premier of New South Wales two times. His first term as Premier was only seven hours on 20 December 1921 which is the shortest serving ministry in Australian history. 

Nyctimantis arapapa

Nyctimantis arapapa is the broad-snout casque-headed tree frog. The frog lives in the rainforest of southern Bahia, Brazil.


Massachusetts House of Representatives

The Massachusetts House of Representatives is the lower house of the Massachusetts General Court, the state legislature of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. It is made up of 160 members elected from 14 counties. The House of Representatives convenes at the Massachusetts State House in Boston.

Massachusetts Senate

The Massachusetts Senate is the upper house of the Massachusetts General Court, the bicameral state legislature of the U.S. state of Massachusetts. The Senate has 40 elected members from 40 single-member senatorial districts in the state. Senators serve two-year terms, without term limits. The Senate meets in the Massachusetts State House, in Boston.

Avataro Sentai Donbrothers

Avataro Sentai Donbrothers is a Japanese television series. It is the 46th in Toei's Super Sentai series. Its Momotarō-themed "Kikai Sentai Zenkaiger" The show succeeded "Kamen Rider Revice" and "Kamen Rider Geats" line-up Super Hero Time to "Avataro Sentai Donbrothers" and premiered March 6, 2022, on TV Asahi.




Jonna Sundling

Jonna Sundling (born 28 December 1994) is a Swedish cross-country skier.

All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).

Lystrosaurus

Lystrosaurus is an extinct genus of herbivorous dicynodont therapsid from the late Permian and Lower Triassic epochs (about 250 million years ago). 

It lived in what is now Antarctica, India, China, Mongolia, Russia and South Africa. Four to six species are known. They ranged in size from that of a small dog to 2.5 meters long.

"Lystrosaurus" survived the Permian-Triassic extinction event, 252 million years ago. In the Lower Triassic, they were the most common terrestrial vertebrates. In some fossil beds they make up as many as 95% of the individuals. Researchers have offered various ideas for why they survived the extinction and thrived in the early Triassic.

Belt (firearm)

A belt is a long band with slots for ammunition for a firearm. They are most often used with machine guns. Belts can be made of out of canvas or made of metal. They can be made up of long chains of metal carriers. Belts are made in many different lengths. Some have as little as 50 rounds of ammunition, while others can have as many as 300.

Paolo Borsellino

Paolo Borsellino (19 January 1940 – 19 July 1992) was an Italian judge from Sicily, who became known as a Mafia hunter. Together wirth Emanuele Basile, he was able to get convictions for Mafiosi, starting about 1980. Basile was assassinated in 1980, because of his work. On 19 July 1992, a car bomb killed Borsellino, and 5 other people. Palermo airport was renamed to carry his name, in his honor.

Borsellino's life parallels that of his close friend Giovanni Falcone. They both spent their early years in the same neighbourhood in Palermo. Though many of their childhood friends grew up in the Mafia background, both men fought on the other side of the war against crime in Sicily as prosecuting magistrates. They were both killed in 1992, a few months apart. In recognition of their tireless effort and sacrifice during the anti-mafia trials, they were both awarded the Italian "Medaglia d'oro al valore civile" (Gold medal for civil valour). They were also named as heroes of the last 60 years in the 13 November 2006 issue of "Time Magazine".


Cramp

A cramp is a sudden, involuntary muscle contraction or overshortening. They are usually temporary and non-damaging. Some cramps can cause a large amount of pain. They can also cause paralysis-like immobility of the affected muscle. 

Cape Coast

Cape Coast is a city in the Central Region of Ghana. The city is the capital of the Cape Coast Metropolitan District. Cape Coast is a fishing port.

Mexican Air Force

The Mexican Air Force (FAM; in Spanish: "Fuerza Aérea Mexicana") is the air force branch of the Mexican Army, it depends on the "Secretary of National Defense" (SEDENA), the commander of this air force is "Miguel Enrique Vallín Osuna" (since 2017).

It has participated in different conflicts, During the Mexican Revolution, they participated in the Battles of Topolobampo, where the first air-naval attacks in history would be carried out, During World War II sending the Well-known "Squadron 201" which would fight in battles against the Forces Japanese in Luzon, during the Chiapas Rebellion where they would participate against the Zapatista Army of National Liberation and in the Current War against Drug Trafficking. 

List of minor planets: 130001–131000


List of minor planets: 131001–132000


List of minor planets: 132001–133000


List of minor planets: 133001–134000


List of minor planets: 134001–135000


Norddeutscher Lloyd

The Norddeutscher Lloyd (literally: North German Lloyd), was a German shipping line. It was was dedicated to transatlantic transport. The line was founded on February 20, 1857. It merged with Hamburg America Line on September 1, 1970 to found the current Hapag-Lloyd.

This shipping company was known for having had several ships that won the Blue Riband. These include the SS Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, the SS Bremen and the SS Europa (in the 1930s).


List of minor planets: 135001–136000


List of minor planets: 136001–137000


List of minor planets: 137001–138000


List of minor planets: 138001–139000


List of minor planets: 139001–140000


List of minor planets: 140001–141000


List of minor planets: 141001–142000


List of minor planets: 142001–143000


List of minor planets: 143001–144000


List of minor planets: 144001–145000


List of minor planets: 145001–146000


List of minor planets: 146001–147000


List of minor planets: 147001–148000


List of minor planets: 148001–149000


List of minor planets: 149001–150000


List of minor planets: 150001–151000


List of minor planets: 151001–152000


List of minor planets: 152001–153000


List of minor planets: 153001–154000


Anambulyx

Anambulyx is a type of moth genus. It is in the family of Sphingidae. The genus was documented by Walter Rothschild and Karl Jordan in 1903. It only has one only species, the Anambulyx elwesi, or Elwes' pink-and-green hawkmoth. was first described by Herbert Druce in 1882.

It is from northern Pakistan, northern India, Nepal, south-western China, northern Thailand and northern Vietnam.

Smerinthinae

The Smerinthinae is a subfamily of moth. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It is in the order of Lepidoptera. It has three tribes, Ambulycini, Smerinthini and Sphingulini.


Korniakt Tower

The Korniakt Tower or Kornyak Tower is an architectural monument in Lviv, Ukraine. It is an important monument to the nation. The tower is located on 9 Pidvalna Street in Lviv. It is a part of the Assumption Church.

The tower was built during the Renaissance as a bell tower of the Church of the Assumption. It was designed by architect Peter Barbon from 1572 ro 1578. Paul the Roman help with the design. The cost was paid for by Constantine Kornyakt. He was a merchant of Lviv of Greek origin.

According to Vaclav Urban in the Polish Biographical Dictionary, the tower was built instead of writing off 1,000 zlotys of debt .

Before the construction was finished, a large bell was hung on the tower. At the time, it was, the largest "bell" in Galicia. The bell had a diameter of . It was named ""Cyril"." There were problems between the Assumption Brotherhood and the Dominicans, who had their own monastery nearby, over this bell. The Dominicans complained to the magistrate and the king that the bell was larger than all the bells in the Polish state. The monks said that the bell was too loud. This caused them problems with listening to the sermon in the church. Cyril soon began to act as the city's main bell. It was used to announce military danger, fires, natural disasters and the deaths of the most well known people living in Lviv. 

In 1616, a fire destroyed a large part of the city. It caused a large amount of damage to the street. The tower was also badly damaged: its tin-lead roof melted.

The bell tower is square. It was built of broken stone and surrounded by hewn stone. Polychrome is used in the decoration. The tower is connected with the northern facade of the Church of the Assumption. The facades are decorated with pilasters of the Tuscan order . They have long red arched niches with small window openings. Each tier of the tower is smaller than the one below it. The total height of the tower without the cross is .

It is thought that the design for the tower was based on the Tower of S. Spirito in Rome. The tower is also similar tothe towers of the churches of Madonna del Orto and St Stephen in Venice. 

Bombycoidea

Bombycoidea is a superfamily of moths. It has the silk moths, emperor moths, sphinx moths, and relatives of those. Lasiocampoidea are close relatives. They used to be in this group. They now, however, have 10 families. Their larvae usually have horns.

Royal flags of Thailand

The Royal Flags of Thailand () are royal flags that can be flown in Thailand. They are also flown with the National flag. They are used to honor the King and Royal Family. Unlike the Royal Standards displayed only in special ceremonies and in particular locations, the Royal Flags are seen in Thailand. They are not usually seen outside of the country.

The King's flag is in yellow, the color of Monday, the day of his birth. It always has a symbol in the middle. There are a variety of symbols, but recently most king's flags have different symbols, such as the symbol marking King Bhumibol's 80th birthday or the one commemorating the 60th anniversary of King Bhumibol's accession to the throne.

Both emblems in the center of the flag are quite complex, involving Buddhist iconography and ancient royal symbols of authority as well, such as the multi-tiered white umbrella. The king's symbols are always topped by the royal crown. Sometimes light rays are emanating from the top of the crown, these are also an element of royal symbology. In simplified versions of the flag the central symbol may come simply outlined in red.

Yellow is the color identified with the king in Thailand (as well as the previous king, both were born on a Monday). Many Thais like to wear yellow shirts as an informal homage to their king, especially on Mondays, the day of his birth.

Queen Suthida's flag is purple. It is the color of Saturday, and on her birthday, there is a symbol "ส.ท." in the middle. The symbol is the abbreviation of Queen Suthida (ส.ท. : สุทิดา) under the Royal Crown. This flag has been in effect from June 2019 until now, after the royal coronation ceremony.

The Dropout

The Dropout is an American drama miniseries. It was created by Elizabeth Meriwether. The series is based on the podcast "The Dropout" which is hosted by Rebecca Jarvis. THe miniseries is produced by ABC News. It stars Amanda Seyfried as the disgraced biotechnology entrepreneur Elizabeth Holmes. <nowiki>"The Dropout"</nowiki> premiered on the streaming platform Hulu on March 3, 2022. The program has 8 episodes in it.

"The Dropout" is about the rise and fall of Elizabeth Holmes and her company, Theranos. It is based on the ABC Audio podcast of the same name.



Cold Heart

"Cold Heart" is a 2021 song by English singers Elton John and Dua Lipa. The song is on John's 31st studio album, "The Lockdown Sessions" (2021). Lipa's part of the song samples lyrics from John's song "Rocket Man".

The PNAU remix was released as a single worldwide. It reached number one in the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand and Canada. The song reached the top ten of the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. Lipa has performed the song on her "Future Nostalgia" tour.

Tlalocohyla

Tlalocohyla is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. They are called rain treefrogs and Middle American yellow-bellied treefrogs. They live in Middle America between Mexico and Costa Rica. Scientists made this genus in 2005 after they looked at the Hylidae again. Before 2005, the four species in this genus were in the genus "Hyla".

There are four species in this genus:

Lepidopteran diversity

There are over 180,000 species of Lepidoptera that are described. Over 10% of species that are described living organisms are described are Lepidoptera. This is a list of the diversity of the Lepidoptera showing the number of genera and species described for each superfamily. It also shows the family.


Organ of the Basilica of St. Martin (Weingarten)

The organ at the Basilica of St. Martin (Weingarten) was built by Joseph Gabler from 1737 to 1750. 

Joseph Gabler signed the first contract on July 6, 1737. The organ needed to have four manuals (keyboards), a pedalboard, sixty stops, and some accessory stops. According to his contracts, the organ is supposed to have 6,666 pipes. 6,666 is traditionally the number of lashes Jesus received. This number of pipes was never reached.

In 1737, a fire destroyed the abbey. It became more important to rebuild the abbey. This delayed the construction of the organ. Gabler was given another job to build a smaller organ. The main organ was finished in 1750. It was blessed on June 24, 1750.

From 1981 to 1983, Orgelbau Kuhn AG (Männendorf on lake Zurich) made changes to the organ. They returned the organ to how it was in 1750. They extended the playing range of the pedal. They changed the temperament of the organ.

Gabler built the organ in the western gallery of the church. The organ does not cover the windows of the gallery. The console of the organ (the place where the organist plays the organ) is detached from the organ.

The organ has several effect stops. The "Carillon" is a stop which plays chimes in the organ. The pedal chimes are placed above the organ. They are arranged like bundles of grapes.

There is a legend about the organ's "vox humana" stop. Gabler tried to make a pipe which sounds like the human voice. He tried different types of woods and metals. But nothing worked. One night, the devil promised Gabler that he would help him. In return, Gabler had to give up his soul. He exchanged his soul for a piece of metal. He used this metal to make the "vox humana" pipes. The pipes worked. They sounded like the human voice. However, the monks in the abbey soon noticed. Gabler was put on trial. He confessed to his crimes. He was sentenced to be burned at the stake. However, Gabler has to make a replacement of the "vox humana" pipes. His replacements were so good that the monks did not execute him.


Alborada

Alborada (by its title in English: The Dawning), is a Mexican telenovela with the participation of Lucero and Fernando Colunga.

This telenovela deals with the Viceroyalty of New Spain, years before the Mexican War of Independence, and is also about events such as the Holy Inquisition (Also known as the Mexican Inquisition), the main song "Alborada" would be composed by Jorge Avedaño and performed by the tenor Plácido Domingo.

Hipolita Díaz ("Lucero"), a young woman who lives with her mother, who is due to marry Antonio de Guzmán (Arturo Peniche), Hipolita due to not loving him, she has to put up with it all the time.

Don Luis Manrique ("Fernando Colunga"), Cousin of Diego Arellano (Luis Roberto Guzmán), the renowned Count of Guevara, sometimes compete with each other, and after a trip to Panama, he would meet Hipolita, and they would have a romance that would give birth to a a man named "Rafael" (Alexander Renaud), and they would have to act like they would not have a romance with each other, even though they would have to face many problems with "Antonio de Guzmán, Juana Arellano" (Daniela Romo) and the "Count de Guevara" himself.





Douglas, Michigan

Douglas is a city in Allegan County, Michigan, United States.

Fennville, Michigan

Fennville is a city in Allegan County, Michigan, United States.

Otsego, Michigan

Otsego is a city in Allegan County, Michigan, United States.

Plainwell, Michigan

Plainwell is a city in Allegan County, Michigan, United States.

Saugatuck, Michigan

Saugatuck is a city in Allegan County, Michigan, United States.

Wayland, Michigan

Wayland is a city in Allegan County, Michigan, United States.

Au Gres, Michigan

Au Gres is a city in Arenac County, Michigan, United States.

Omer, Michigan

Omer is a city in Arenac County, Michigan, United States.

Leslie, Michigan

Leslie is a city in Ingham County, Michigan, United States.

Important people from this town include Frank L. White (cream of wheat guy).

Williamston, Michigan

Williamston is a city in Ingham County, Michigan, United States.

Cedar Springs, Michigan

Cedar Springs is a city in Kent County, Michigan, United States.

East Grand Rapids, Michigan

East Grand Rapids is a city in Kent County, Michigan, United States.

Grandville, Michigan

Grandville is a city in Kent County, Michigan, United States.

Kentwood, Michigan

Kentwood is a city in Kent County, Michigan, United States.

Walker, Michigan

Walker is a city in Kent County, Michigan, United States.

Braymer, Missouri

Braymer is a city in Caldwell County, Missouri, United States.

Breckenridge, Missouri

Breckenridge is a city in Caldwell County, Missouri, United States.

Cowgill, Missouri

Cowgill is a city in Caldwell County, Missouri, United States.

Hamilton, Missouri

Hamilton is a city in Caldwell County, Missouri, United States.

Kidder, Missouri

Kidder is a city in Caldwell County, Missouri, United States.

Polo, Missouri

Polo is a city in Caldwell County, Missouri, United States.

Linn Creek, Missouri

Linn Creek is a city in Camden County, Missouri, United States.

Delta, Missouri

Delta is a city in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States.

Bogard, Missouri

Bogard is a city in Carroll County, Missouri, United States.

De Witt, Missouri

De Witt is a city in Carroll County, Missouri, United States.

Hale, Missouri

Hale is a city in Carroll County, Missouri, United States.

Norborne, Missouri

Norborne is a city in Carroll County, Missouri, United States.

EstLine

EstLine (sometimes abbreviated: Estline) was an Estonian-Swedish Shipping Line founded in 1990 which operated ferries between Stockholm, Sweden and Tallinn, Estonia. it was a company owned by both "Nordström & Thulin" and the "Estonian Government".

She is best known for Sinking the Estonia during a storm, known to have claimed 852 lives. It would finally be dissolved in the year 2001, and its ships would be sold to Tallink.

Note: is a incompleted list of EstLine fleet.


Ellsinore, Missouri

Ellsinore is a city in Carter County, Missouri, United States.

Grandin, Missouri

Grandin is a city in Carter County, Missouri, United States.

El Dorado Springs, Missouri

El Dorado Springs is a city in Cedar County, Missouri, United States.

Brunswick, Missouri

Brunswick is a city in Chariton County, Missouri, United States.

Mendon, Missouri

Mendon is a city in Chariton County, Missouri, United States.

Salisbury, Missouri

Salisbury is a city in Chariton County, Missouri, United States.

Sumner, Missouri

Sumner is a city in Chariton County, Missouri, United States.

Triplett, Missouri

Triplett is a city in Chariton County, Missouri, United States.

Alexandria, Missouri

Alexandria is a city in Clark County, Missouri, United States.

Revere, Missouri

Revere is a city in Clark County, Missouri, United States.

Wayland, Missouri

Wayland is a city in Clark County, Missouri, United States.

Wyaconda, Missouri

Wyaconda is a city in Clark County, Missouri, United States.

Lathrop, Missouri

Lathrop is a city in Clinton County, Missouri, United States.

Travis Rice

Travis Rice (born October 9, 1982) is an American pro snowboarder. He is #13 on "Snowboarder" magazine's list of 20 most of influental snowboarders of the last 20 years. The 38-years old has featured on snowboarding movies. In 2013, Rice was the named the best contemporary snowboarder in the world by Red Bull; Rice was also halled as one of the greatest snowboarders of all time by numerous writers and publications.


Trimble, Missouri

Trimble is a city in Clinton County, Missouri, United States.

Blackwater, Missouri

Blackwater is a city in Cooper County, Missouri, United States.

Bunceton, Missouri

Bunceton is a city in Cooper County, Missouri, United States.

Otterville, Missouri

Otterville is a city in Cooper County, Missouri, United States.

Pilot Grove, Missouri

Pilot Grove is a city in Cooper County, Missouri, United States.

Prairie Home, Missouri

Prairie Home is a city in Cooper County, Missouri, United States.

Alice band

An Alice band is a type of accessory. It is made of flexible plastic or elastic in the shape of a horseshoe. Flexible means that the band can bend. 

It is designed to fit over the head and hold long hair away from the face, but let the hair hang freely at the back. In the United States, an Alice band is usually called a hair band or a headband.

The Alice band first started being worn around 1871, after Lewis Carroll's book "Through the Looking-Glass" was published. The name of the Alice band comes from the main character in the book, Alice. In the drawings John Tenniel made for the book, Alice wears a ribbon that keeps her long hair away from her face.

The Alice band has sometimes been popular in fashion for young women. In the late 20th century, so-called Sloane Rangers in the United Kingdom wore Alice bands made of velvet.

In the past, the Alice band was almost always worn by women. Today, however, men in some countries also wear Alice bands. Both David Beckham and Jack Grealish have worn Alice bands.

State of Emergency (video game)

State of Emergency is a beat 'em up video game developed by VIS Entertainment and published by Rockstar Games for PlayStation 2 and Xbox.

In 2023, United States goverment was weakened by an economy crisis. In response, the American Trade Organization, most commontly known as "The Corporation"

Kamen Rider V3

Kamen Rider V3 is a Japanese television series.

It is the second installment in the popular Kamen Rider Series. It is also the direct sequel to the original "Kamen Rider". It was a joint collaboration between Ishimori productions and Toei, and was shown on Mainichi Broadcasting System and NET from February 17, 1973, to February 2, 1974.

Every episode of Kamen Rider V3 begins with the following opening narration: "Kamen Rider V3, Shiro Kazami, is an altered human. Mortally wounded by Destron, he is rebuilt by Kamen Riders 1 and 2, reborn as Kamen Rider V3".

Shiro Kazami saw a murder by the evil organization Destron, making him their next target. After several failed attempts on his life, Shiro rescues Junko Tama, a woman who also becomes Destron's target after stumbling upon the organization's main base. In an attempt to kill both, one of Destron's monsters storm Shiro's house and kills all members of his family, the duo rescued from certain death by Shiro's high school teacher, Takeshi Hongo, also known as Kamen Rider 1 and his partner, Hayato Ichimonji Kamen Rider 2. Driven with vengeance, Shiro asks the Riders to be transformed into a cyborg to fight Destron. At first they refuse, but were forced to comply to save his life after he is injured while saving them from danger. Becoming Kamen Rider V3, Shiro swears to protect humankind against Destron. Later on, he is joined by Joji Yuki, a former Destron scientist who fights as Riderman to get his revenge on Destron for being accused of treason.

As of 2007, a reimagined Kamen Rider V3 appears in "Kamen Rider The Next", a movie loosely based on the TV series, following the Reboot (fiction) of the franchise started with the 2005 movie "Kamen Rider The First".



Kamen Rider X

Kamen Rider X is a Japanese television series. It was broadcast in 1974 on the Mainichi Broadcasting System and NET, now known as TV Asahi. It is the third entry in the Kamen Rider Series of tokusatsu shows. It starred Ryo Hayami in the title role.

Robotics scientist Keitaro Jin and his son Keisuke become caught up in the campaign of terror by an evil organization known as "G.O.D.". They are attacked and the professor's technology gets stolen, but before Keitaro dies, he is able to perform surgery on his son. With the last of his robotics technology, he transforms his son into "Kamen Rider X". To avenge his father's death and ensure the safety of the entire world, Keisuke uses this technology as he battles the monstrous minions of G.O.D.



Kamen Rider Amazon

Kamen Rider Amazon is a Japanese television series.

It was the shortest "Kamen Rider" series ever, lasting only 24 episodes. It was believed to be due to the show's large amounts of violence. But this was due to a pre-planned change of networks airing the program, from NET to MBS/TB. A clean break in airing series was requested. There was a planned end at episode 24.

To celebrate the 45th anniversary of the Kamen Rider Series, Toei and Amazon.com collaborated on an original Amazon Video series titled "Kamen Rider Amazons".


Kamen Rider Stronger

Kamen Rider Stronger is a Japanese television series. It is the fifth entry in the Kamen Rider Series, the show was broadcast on TBS and MBS from April 5, 1975 to December 27, 1975. "Stronger" is a co-production between Ishimori Productions and Toei, and was created by Shōtarō Ishinomori.

It is the first "Kamen Rider" entry to introduce a form changing ability. It is used in "Kamen Rider Black RX", and the future "Kamen Rider" TV series entries, such as "Kamen Rider Kuuga" onward.



Kamen Rider (1979 TV series)

Kamen Rider also referred to as Kamen Rider (New) or Skyrider (after the main character), is a Japanese television series created by Shotaro Ishinomori and the sixth program in the Kamen Rider Series. The series was a co-production between Toei and Ishimori Productions. The series aired every Friday at 7:00 PM on MBS from October 5, 1979 to October 10, 1980.

The 1979 series was intended as a revival of the original Kamen Rider, going back to the basic, essential themes established in that show.

Doctor Keitarō Shido, a famous scientist, has been kidnapped by the terrorist organization Neo-Shocker. They want him to exploit his expertise in robotics technology. Desperate to escape, he tells Neo-Shocker commander to allow him to control an injured camper. Explaining that he can turn the camper, Hiroshi Tsukuba into a powerful Neo-Shocker warrior, they allow Doctor Shido to operate. However, he quickly turns the tables on them. He transformed Hiroshi not to in Kaiju, but into powerful warrior Sky Rider. He uses his newfound abilities to combat the evil Neo-Shocker menace.



Desert Fathers

Desert Fathers is the name for early Christian monks, who left the villages of Egypt, when Christans were persecuted under Diocletian. They then either lived alone, as hermits, or they formed small groups who lived in monasteries. The settled in the desert. in Egypt and Syria. Most of them went to the Scetes desert, about south of Alexandria. The most well-known of their monasteries are located in Wadi El Natrun, Nitria and Kellia. The movement started in the 3rd century. The is a collection of the wisdom of some of the early desert monks and nuns, in print as "Sayings of the Desert Fathers". The most well known was Anthony the Great, who moved to the desert in AD 270–271 and became known as both the father and founder of desert monasticism. By the time Anthony had died in AD 356, thousands of monks and nuns had been drawn to living in the desert following Anthony's example, leading his biographer, Athanasius of Alexandria, to write that "the desert had become a city." The Desert Fathers had a major influence on the development of Christianity.

The desert monastic communities that grew out of the informal gathering of hermit monks became the model for Christian monasticism. The eastern monastic tradition at Mount Athos and the western Rule of St Benedict both were strongly influenced by the traditions that began in the desert. All of the monastic revivals of the Middle Ages looked to the desert for inspiration and guidance. Much of Eastern Christian spirituality, including the Hesychast movement, had its roots in the practices of the Desert Fathers. Even religious renewals such as the German evangelicals and Pietists in Pennsylvania, the movement, and the Methodist Revival in England are seen by modern scholars as being influenced by the Desert Fathers.


Mordechai's dream

Mordechai's Dream is a story about a dream that Mordecai the Jew had in the second year of Ahasuerus' be king. The story is one of the later additions that first appears in the Greek Septuagint version of the Book of Esther.

Mordecai

Mordecai was one of the main personalities in the Book of Esther in the Hebrew Bible. He was the son of Jair, of the tribe of Benjamin.


Kamen Rider Super-1

Kamen Rider Super-1 is a Japanese television series. It is the seventh installment in the Kamen Rider Series. The series was broadcast on the Mainichi Broadcasting System from October 17, 1980, to October 3, 1981. The series was a co-production between Toei and Ishimori Productions. It was created by Shōtarō Ishinomori.


The movie was released on March 14, 1981, and was produced by Tōru Hirayama.



Moritz Leuenberger

Moritz Leuenberger (born 21 September 1946) is a Swiss politician and lawyer who served as a Member of the Swiss Federal Council from 1995 to 2010. He is a member of the Social Democratic Party and the President of the Swiss Confederation in 2001 and 2006.

Samuel Schmid

Samuel Schmid (born 8 January 1947) is a Swiss politician who served as a Member of the Swiss Federal Council from 2000 to 2008. He was the head of the Federal Department of Defence, Civil Protection and Sports.

Nyctimantis pomba

Nyctimantis pomba is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place, 233 meters above sea level in the rainforest in Minas Gerais.

The adult male frog is 51.6-60.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 58.7-62.1 mm long. The skin of the back and legs is dark brown with almost white marks. There are white spots on the belly. The mouth is white. There is an almost white stripe from the nose over the eye to the front legs. The iris of the eye is red in color.

Sierra de Albarracín Comarca

Sierra de Albarracín Comarca is a comarca in the Province of Teruel, Aragon region, northeastern Spain. It is located in mountain ranges of the Sistema Ibérico.

Sistema Ibérico

The Iberian System (, ), is one of the major systems of mountain ranges in Spain.

<gallery/>

Adakaleh

Adakaleh (nicknamed Ottoman Atlantis) was a small island in the Danube River at the Carpathian Mountains, opposite on the other bank of Orşova and Tekija. From 1699 onward, it was a part of the Ottoman Empire, until the Treaty of Lausanne in 1923. After that, it was owned by the Kingdom of Romania. In 1939, many Turkish people left Ada Kaleh and settled in Turkey. The Island was flooded in 1968-1971, when a dam was made by the Socialist Republic of Romania and Yugoslavia. The island has been underwater since then. The people who used to live on the island were Turkish speaking Sufism-Muslims Turks. In 1967, before the island was flooded, the Turkish people on the island went to other places in Mainland Romania to Dobruja, but most of the people went to Turkey.

The island was known for its Mediterranean climate and Oriental Flair, with roses, different fruit trees like apricot and fig, almond and sweet chestnut trees, exotic Ottoman architecture and production of Turkish delight, Baklava, Candy, and Turkish coffee, rose water sorbet, Rose and Fig Marmalade, fishing, and souvenirs. The island was also known for smuggling. The island had a mosque with one Minaret and Well for Wudu, and a Hammam, a Bazaar and an old fortress with catacombs, a governor's villa, a cinema, an old Ottoman cemetery, small white Cottages, three or four Mansion, a Hotel, many Café's, a Textile and Tobacco Fabric, a small Power station for Electricy, an Association football pitch and a botanical garden. The islanders were described by outlandish visitors as kindly people, the male and female wear Salwar kameez, the men handsome who wear a Fez (hat), and the women beautiful, some of them veiled in Chador until it was forbidden by Socialist Republic of Romania. Oil wrestling, Belly dance, Turkish dance and Sünnet parties of Boys were performed as tourist attractions.

The most famous resident was Bego Mustafa, a turk, former officer in the ottoman army.
In 1846 he helped the Hungarian national hero Lajos Kossuth to escape to Vidin in the Ottoman Empire.
His image was often used for postcards from Adakaleh. He died in 1910 at the age of 104.

When in 1967 the majority of the Islanders moved to Turkey, they call themselfs "Haymatlos", the descendants of Adakaleh Turks live mostly in Turkey and few in Romania, but some came from Turkey to Germany as Guest worker, and became part of the Turks in Germany.

Aiaaira

Aiaaira (; "Victory") is the national anthem of the partially recognized state of Abkhazia.

Smashing Simmba

Smashing Simmba (stylized as Smaashhing Simmba) is an Indian animated television series based on an 2018 Indian film called "Simmba". It was produced by Rohit Shetty Picturez in collaboration with Pogo. It aired in India on that channel from November 14, 2020 - February 6, 2021. Then it came back on Pogo August 15, 2021 and stopped on December 31, 2021. It is coming back on Pogo on September 26, 2022 again. It is also Pogo's first original show.

Simmba, a fearless teenager, experiences various adventures with his friends while trying to keep the town safe from evil forces.


Desert Mothers

Desert Mothers is a term feminist theologians use for women who lived in the desert of Egypt, Syria and Palestine, in the 4th and 5th century. Usually they lived in monasteries. The term is used to refer to the Desert Fathers, monks who went to live an ascetic lifestyle in the desert, about a century earlier. 

Notable examples were Syncletica of Alexandria, Theodora of Alexandria, Sarah of the Desert, Melania the Elder, Melania the Younger, Olympias the Deaconess, and Eustochium.

Constitution of Spain

The Spanish Constitution is the democratic law and supreme law in the Kingdom of Spain. It was approved in a constitutional referendum in 1978, during the Spanish transition to democracy.


Fathers of the Constitution

The Fathers of the Constitution () were the seven political leaders who wrote the Spanish Constitution of 1978. 

Gabriel Cisneros, Miguel Herrero y Rodríguez de Miñón and José Pedro Pérez Llorca represented the centre-right Union of the Democratic Centre; Manuel Fraga Iribarne, the right-wing People's Alliance; Gregorio Peces-Barba, the left-wing Spanish Socialist Worker's Party; Jordi Solé Tura, the Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia and Miguel Roca Junyent, of the Democratic Pact for Catalonia, represented the Catalan nationalists.

Gabriel Cisneros

Gabriel Cisneros Laborda (14 August 1940 – 27 July 2007) was a Spanish attorney and politician who is known for being one of the Fathers of the Spanish Constitution of 1978.

Miguel Roca

Miquel Roca i Junyent (Bordeaux, France, 20 April 1940) is a Spanish lawyer and politician from Democratic Convergence of Catalonia. He is one of the Fathers of the Constitution in Spain.

Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia

The Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia (, PSUC) was a communist political party active in Catalonia between 1936 and 1997. It was the Catalan branch of the Communist Party of Spain.

People's Alliance (Spain)

The People's Alliance (, AP) was a post-Francoist electoral coalition, and a conservative political party in Spain, it was founded in 1976 as a federation of political associations.

Spanish transition to democracy

The Spanish transition to democracy, known in Spain as "la Transición" (; "the Transition") or "la Transición española" ("the Spanish Transition"), is a period of modern Spanish history that moved from the Francoist dictatorship to a parliamentary system, under Juan Carlos I.

Brent Renaud

Brent Anthony Renaud (October 2, 1971 – March 13, 2022) was an American journalist, documentary filmmaker, and photojournalist. Earlier in his career, he did work for "The New York Times". He was killed by Russian troops by a gunshot wound, while reporting inside Ukraine which is currently being invaded by Russian forces. He was the first American and foreign journalist that died during the invasion of Ukraine in 2022.

Brent Renaud was born on October 2, 1971 at Memphis Tennessee from parents Georgann Freasier, mother, and Louis Renaud his father. Renaud was raised at Little Rock, Arkansas. His father worked as a salesman and his mother was a social worker. Brent also lived at New York City. He worked with his brother for several film series related with news.

Brent Renaud worked for The New York Time's as a video journalist, he also was a photojournalist whose photographs were featured to National Geographic, The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and other media outlets through his photographs and videos through his Journalist career he had.

Brent Renaud had a filmmaking career which spanned for over 2 decades with his brother Craig Renaud. Brent's filmmaking not only was in the U.S but the whole world over his filmmaking career. Renaud was a journalist in war zones in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Caribbean countries that have high crime rates as Haiti and Central American countries. Renaud earned his bachelor's degree at Southern Methodist University in English. 

According to Ukrainian police the dead person found was Brent Renaud. Renaud's journalist friend who was also shot at, described the events that had happened before they were shot at while trying to film Ukrainian refugees leave. He went to Ukraine to cover the conflict between Russian and Ukrainian forces as he did for decades in the middle east and central America.

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky rebuked the killing of Renaud and mourned his death in a letter to his family members. Brent's friend mourned his death on the BBC, she told the agency that she had spent good times with him.

The Fat Controller

The Fat Controller, whose real name is Sir Topham Hatt, is a fictional character in "The Railway Series" books that were written by the Reverend Wilbert Awdry and his son Christopher. His full name is revealed in the foreword to the 1951 book "Henry the Green Engine". He also appears in the television series "Thomas and Friends", adapted from the books, and also its reboot, "".

The character is first seen in "The Sad Story of Henry" in the first book in the "Railway Series", "The Three Railway Engines". When Henry refused to leave a tunnel, the story says that "A fat director, who was on the train, told the guard to get a rope". The character is referred to as The Fat Controller from the third book, "James the Red Engine," for the remainder of the "Railway Series," due to the nationalisation of British Railways. The name Sir Topham Hatt is first mentioned in the foreword to "Henry the Green Engine" and also appears on his luggage trunk in the same book in the story "Percy and the Trousers". The first use of the name Sir Topham Hatt in the TV series comes in the episode 'The Sad Story of Henry' when the narrator (Ringo Starr in both US and UK versions and George Carlin in the second US version) introduces him to the audience.

There have been three Fat Controllers. This is not revealed directly in the stories, as they all look very similar and are all known as Sir Topham Hatt. However, the books "The Island of Sodor: Its People, History and Railways" (written by Rev. W. Awdry and George Awdry) and "Sodor: Reading Between the Lines" (by Christopher Awdry) make this clear.

White phosphorous bomb

White phosphoros bombs use one of the allotropes of phosphorous. They are used as incendiary weapons. White phosphorous is very reactive, and will ignite, when it comes in contact with the oxygen in the air. It will burn with a white flame, and heat up to . Burning white phosproous will also produce a lot of toxic white smoke. While the fire can be extingished with water, the phosphorous will soon re-ignite. For this reason, sand should be used to extinguish it.

Anyone coming in contact will suffer third-degree burns, and wounds which will take a very long time to heal. If they are not treated soon, injured people will die a slow and painful death. 

The UN Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons of 1980 prohibits the use of weapons which cause a lot of injury or whose effects are indiscriminate. This means that white phosphorous ammunition is banned under this converion. Some people think that because it is highly toxic, white phosphorous bombs may be a chemical weapon. This means that they would be banned under the Chemical Weapons Convention. 

Allotropes of phosphorous

Phosophorus is an element that exists in different forms, called allotropes. The most common of these are white or red solids. 


Chris Phillips

Chris Phillips (born February 26, 1958) is an American voice actor. He is known for his roles in Rockstar video games such as Marty Chonks and El Burro in "Grand Theft Auto III" and for voicing as Alex Balder, Mercenary and Killer Suit in "Max Payne". He is also well known for his roles in Atari games such as Nolanoth, Thunderbelly, Lorne Starling, Koraboros and Prison Leader in "Neverwinter Nights 2" and Crowley in "Alone in the Dark".


Eden Espinosa

Eden Erica Espinosa (born February 2, 1978) is an American actress and singer who is best known for her performance as Elphaba for the Broadway, Los Angeles and San Francisco productions of the musical "Wicked".

Mike Fasolo

Mike Fasolo (born January 28, 1969) is an American writer best known for his work on the television series "Robot Chicken".

Fasolo was born and raised in the small town of Tuxedo, New York. He graduated from Tuxedo High School and earned his BA in Literature from Ramapo College of New Jersey. Fasolo's first writing job was at a local paper, "The Photo News", where his first was published on the front page.

At "Wizard", Fasolo became friends with Matt Senreich, the co-creator of "Robot Chicken". In 2004, Cartoon Network picked up "Robot Chicken" and, at Senreich's request, Fasolo moved to California to be a writer on the show. He also serves as a voice actor and creative director for the show.

Fasolo is represented by The Gersh Agency.

Erik Per Sullivan

Erik Per Sullivan (born July 12, 1991) is an American retired actor. He is best known for his role as Dewey, the younger brother to middle child Malcolm on the Fox series "Malcolm in the Middle".

Moroccan Arabic

Moroccan Arabic (, ), known as Darija in Morocco, is a form of Arabic spoken in Morocco. It is mutually intelligible to Algerian Arabic. It is spoken as a first language by about 50% to 75% of Morocco's population.

Alex D. Linz

Alexander David Linz (born January 3, 1989) is an American former child actor who starred in several late 1990s and early 2000s films and television series. His film roles include "Home Alone 3" (1997) and "Max Keeble's Big Move" (2001).

Maghrebi Arabic

Maghrebi Arabic (Western Arabic) is a vernacular Arabic variation spoken in the Maghreb region, in Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Libya, Western Sahara, and Mauritania.

Toddy Walters

Toddy Elizabeth Walters (born October 24, 1969 in Denver, Colorado) is an American actress, singer and songwriter. Walters went to the University of Colorado, where she met Trey Parker, who was casting his first live-action film "Cannibal! The Musical" released by Troma in 1997. She was cast in the role of Polly Pry.

Jennifer Howell

Jennifer Howell is a Canadian senior film and television executive and producer. She is the voice of Bebe Stevens on the animated television series "South Park" and was the show's supervising director from 1997 to 2006. Howell won the Emmy Award for "South Park" in 2004 and the Peabody Award in 2005.

Deb Adair

Deb Adair (born April 22, 1966 in Manchester, Connecticut) is an American re-recording mixer. She won 3 Emmy Awards for Outstanding Film Sound Mixing - Special Class for her work on "Aladdin" from 1995-1996 and "Timon & Pumbaa" in 1997. On January 24, 2012, she was nominated for an Academy Award for the movie "Moneyball".

Adair attended Syracuse University in TV, Radio and Film Production program.

RMS Slavonia

The RMS Slavonia was a British ship built in 1902, It belonged to the British India Line and would be sold to Cunard in 1903 and would sink in the Azores in 1909.

She is recognized for having sent the first rescue S.O.S Message in the naval history.


The Compendious Book on Calculation by Completion and Balancing

The Compendious Book on Calculation by Completion and Balancing (, "al-Kitāb al-Mukhtaṣar fī Ḥisāb al-Jabr wal-Muqābalah"; ), also known as Al-Jabr (), is a mathematical book on algebra written by Muḥammad ibn Mūsā al-Khwārizmī around 820 CE. "Al-Jabr" was important in the history of mathematics, the term "algebra" itself derived from "Al-Jabr".

The book show ways of finding area and volume. These include approximations of pi (π), as 3 1/7, √10, and 62832/20000. This latter approximation, this equals 3.1416, which appeared in "Āryabhaṭīya" (499 CE).

Immurement

Immurement (from Latin "immurus", meaning " wall in" or "enwall"), immuration or live entombment is a historical form of imprisonment, generally until death, in which someone is/was placed in an enclosed space with the opening walled off. Immurement has been used as a punishment and as a form of human sacrifice. As a punishment, live entombment was largely used on members of clergy (monks, nuns and ancient Rome's Vestal Virgins for example) and others whose blood was not allowed to be spilled according to custom and or law. Also in Mongolia, women who were accused of adultery were often immured in crates which had a holes for the head and one arm to poke through. The latest documented case of immurement as a form of execution occurred in 1906 in Morocco. The one walled up in this case was a Serial killer named Mohammed Mesfewi who was originally sentenced to crucifixion before foreign dignitaries talked the Moroccan government out of crucifying Mohammed. As a form of human sacrifice, live entombment was intended to ensure that buildings and bridges remained standing. It was thought that immuring living people in this manner would bring good luck to the structure. The song <nowiki>"London Bridge is Falling Down"</nowiki> may be about such sacrificial entombment. Usually the entombed victim would be left to dehydrate and starve to death, but sometimes they were fed regularly. In the latter case, immurement was more life imprisonment than a form of execution. There have been historical and fictional accounts of people being walled in alive. One story of fictional immuration is in the story The Cask of Armontillado by Edgar Allen Poe.


Selkup people

The Selkup (Russian: селькупы) people are a native population of Russia. They come from northern West Siberia. They are a Samoyedic people. They used to be called Ostyak-Samoyeds (остяко-самоеды). They live in the northern parts of Tomsk Oblast, Krasnoyarsk Krai and Tyumen Oblast (with Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug).

Selkups speak the Selkup language. It is part of the Samoyedic languages, which is a group of Uralic languages.

The Selkups came from the middle basin of the Ob River. They came from the Yeniseian and Samoyedic peoples, who moved to that region from the Sayan Mountains.

The first time Selkups appeared in Russian records was in 1246.

Turkic-Tatars ruled the Selkups and other Southern Samoyed people in the 13th century. Russians took over and ruled the Selkups by 1628. Some Selkups began to move to the Taz River and Turukhan River. They hunted, fished, and bred reindeer. They had a hard time breeding reindeer when Russian settlers started hunting them too. The Selkups tried to fight against the Russians, but they were defeated.

In the 18th century, Selkups were given Russian names. They were also forced to convert to Christianity. They went through Russification, which means they were forced to give up their traditional culture and be more like Russians. In the 1930s, Selkup people were forced to settle, and their children were sent to boarding schools. Today, they suffer from racial discrimination, unemployment and alcohol abuse.

In 2002, 4,249 Selkups lived in Russia. In 2010, 3,649 Selkups lived in Russia.

In 2001, 62 Selkups lived in Ukraine.

The main Selkup settlements in Siberia are Krasnoselkup and Kargasok.

Traditionally, the Selkups hunted, fished, and herded reindeer. They also used dugout canoes to sail on rivers.

Kai Reinhold Donner (1888-1935) studied the Selkup people and their culture in 1911-1912 and 1914. Eugene Helimski also researched Selkup culture.

Restraint

Restraint may refer to:

Jane Campion

Dame Elizabeth Jane Campion (born 30 April 1954) is a New Zealand director, screenwriter, and producer. She became the first woman to be nominated twice for the Academy Award for Best Director. She is also the first female filmmaker to win the Palme d'Or for "The Piano" (1993). This movie also won her the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. She won the Oscar for Best Director for her movie "The Power of the Dog" (2021). 

Bowling alley

A bowling alley is a place where people can play one of the varying forms of bowling. The term bowling alley can also refer to the bowling lane or lanes themselves.

Battle of Irpin

The Battle of Irpin was a battle that was fought for control over the city of Irpin, Ukraine during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. The battle is being fought between the Russian and Ukrainian militaries. As part of the Kyiv offensive (2022), the Russian forces tried to take control of Irpin, Bucha, and Hostomel. By controlling thses cities, they would encircle and besiege the Ukrainian capital city Kyiv from the west. Because of the fighting, the Kyiv Oblast State Administration said that Bucha, Irpin, Hostomel, Highway M06, and Vyshhorod were the most dangerous places in the Kyiv Oblast.

In the beginning of invasion, Russian forces captured the Hostomel Airport. This gave them a foothold in the town. The Ukrainian military fought against the Russian forces in Hostomel. The Russian forces began to move south to capture Irpin and the nearby city of Bucha. Their goal was to encircle Kyiv.

On 25 February 2022, Ukrainian forces destroyed a group of Russian forces moving to Irpin. On 26 February 2022, a person living in Irpin recorded a video. It said that Russian paratroopers were making themselves look like civilians.

Robert McLendon

Robert McLendon (November 24, 1936 – March 9, 2022) was an American Democrat politician. He was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives from 1983 until 2001. McLendon was born in Romney, Texas.

McLendon died on March 9, 2022 in Yuma, Arizona at the age of 85.

Romney, Texas

Romney is an unincorporated community in Eastland County in the U.S. state of Texas.

Sandra Cavalcanti

Sandra Martins Cavalcanti de Albuquerque (30 August 1925 – 11 March 2022) was a Brazilian politician, linguist, and academic. She was a deputy from 1987 to 1995. She was born in Belém, Pará, Brazil.

Cavalcanti died on 11 March 2022 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil at the age of 96.

João Evangelista Martins Terra

Joăo Evangelista Martins Terra S.J. (7 March 1925 – 11 March 2022) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Jardinópolis, São Paulo. He became a priest in 1956 for the Society of Jesus. He was appointed titular bishop of "Bagis" and then was the auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Olinda and Recife, Brazil, from 1988 to 1994 and as the auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Brasilia, Brazil, from 1994 until his retirement in 2004. 

Martins Terra died on 11 March 2022, four days after his 97th birthday.

Jardinópolis, São Paulo

Jardinópolis is a municipality in the state of São Paulo, Brazil, in the outskirts of Ribeirão Preto. The population is 44,970 (2020 est.) in an area of 502 km. 

Prison uniform

A prison uniform is a standardized suit inmates in correctional and other incarcerating facilities are made to wear. The purposes of such uniforms are to humiliate prisoners as part of the punishment, making it easy to spot an escaping or newly escaped inmate, to greatly limit the possibility of self harm that's easier with free world clothes, identifying inmates on chain gangs in areas that still use them, promoting equality, etc.

In North America, prison uniforms usually are styled after jumpsuits or medical scrubs, though other varieties are also used. Jumpsuit style uniforms usually have short sleeves.

Timmy Thomas

Timothy E. Thomas (November 13, 1944 – March 11, 2022) was an American R&B singer-songwriter, keyboardist and record producer. He was best known for the hit song, "Why Can't We Live Together".

Thomas died on March 11, 2022, at the age of 77.

Traci Braxton

Traci Renee Braxton (April 2, 1971 – March 12, 2022) was an American singer, reality television personality, and radio personality.

Braxton's solo debut album, "Crash & Burn", was released in October 2014. "Last Call" peaked at number 16 on the US R&B Adult chart. 

In August 2018, Traci Braxton released the song "Lifeline" as the official lead single from her second album, "On Earth", which was released later that month.

Braxton died on March 12, 2022, at the age of 50. She had esophageal cancer for at least one year before her death.

Severn, Maryland

Severn is a census-designated place (CDP) in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. The population was 57,118 at the 2020 census.

Turning Red

Turning Red is a 2022 American computer animated fantasy comedy movie produced by Pixar Animation Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It was directed by Domee Shi. The movie stars the voices of Rosalie Chiang, Sandra Oh, Ava Morse, Hyein Park, Maitreyi Ramakrishnan, Orion Lee, Wai Ching Ho, Tristan Allerick Chen and James Hong.

The movie is set in Canada, Toronto in 2002.


In 2002, Meilin "Mei" Lee is a 13 year-old Chinese-Canadian girl who lives in Toronto. Mei helps take care of the Lee family's temple to their ancestor, Sun Yee. She works to make her strict, overprotective mother, Ming, proud. She tries to hide her personal interests from Ming, such as her crushes on boys and that she and her best friends Miriam, Priya, and Abby are fans of the boy band 4*Town.

After having a nightmare, Mei suddenly wakes up to discover that she has turned into a large red panda. After hiding it from her parents, Mei discovers that she only transforms when she has high emotions. At first her parents believe her problem is caused by her first period. Later, Ming finds out the truth when she embarrasses Mei at school, causing her to transform into a red panda.

Ming and Jin, Mei's father, explain that Sun Yee (an ancestor) was granted the ability to transform into a red panda in order to fight battles, and every female member of the family since has gained the ability when they get old enough. This has become inconvenient and dangerous, so the red panda spirit must be sealed in a talisman by a ritual on the night of the Red Moon, in a month's time. Mei's friends discover her transformation but like it, and Mei finds that concentrating on her friends prevents her from transforming. She convinces her parents to let her continue her normal life. Ming continues to keep a close eye on Mei.

4*Town announces a show in Toronto as part of their concert tour, but Ming refuses to let Mei attend it. Using her red panda form, Mei and her friends begin to secretly raise money for the tickets. Tyler, a former bully, blackmails Mei to entertain people at his birthday party. At the party, Mei discovers that the concert will be on the night of the ritual. She gets angry and attacks Tyler when he insults her, scaring the other kids. Ming discovers Mei's recent activities and scolds her friends for corrupting and taking advantage of her. Mei fails to come to her friends' defense because she is ashamed and afraid to stand up to Ming.

Mei's grandmother Wu and her aunts come to assist in her ritual, but just as the red panda form is about to be sealed, Mei decides to keep her powers. She abandons the ritual to attend the concert at the SkyDome with her friends. They forgive Mei for her actions at the party and discover that Tyler is also a fan of 4*Town. However, during her escape from the temple, Mei inadvertently damaged her mother's talisman; an enraged Ming transforms into a "kaiju"-size red panda and disrupts the concert, intending to take Mei by force. While the audience scatters, Mei and Ming argue about Mei's independence, and Mei accidentally knocks her mother out.

The rest of the Lee family arrive to help. All the women break their talismans to use their red panda forms to help bring Ming into a new ritual circle. With the singing of Mei's friends and 4*Town, the new ritual sends Mei, Ming, and the other women to the astral world. Mei resolves with Ming and helps Ming to fix her bond with Wu which had started Ming's perfectionism. The other Lee women conceal their red pandas in new talismans, but Mei decides to keep hers, as she is finally figuring out who she wants to be.

Some time later, Mei and Ming's relationship has improved and Mei balances her temple jobs with spending time with friends, now including Tyler.

Jumpsuits

A jumpsuit is a one-piece garment with sleeves and legs. It has no coverings for feet, hands or head. The original jump suit is the functional one-piece garment used by parachuters.

Jumpsuits are garments of convenience, as they're quicker to put on and remove than outfits with two or more pieces. 

Variants of jumpsuits include flight suits, made of thicker fabric to retain heat, rompers, short-sleeved suits with often shorts instead of trousers, short-sleeved orange or striped suits used in North America as prison uniforms

Eliezer Goldberg

Eliezer Goldberg (; 24 May 1931 – 12 March 2022) was an Israeli politician and lawyer. He was on the Supreme Court of Israel from 1983 until 1988. He was the State Comptroller of Israel from 1998 until 2005. Goldberg was born in Jerusalem.

Goldberg died on 12 March 2022 in Jerusalem at the age of 90.

Pentti Karvonen

Pentti Kalevi Karvonen (15 August 1931 – 12 March 2022) was a Finnish steeplechase runner. He competed in the men's 3000 metres steeplechase at the 1960 Summer Olympics. 

Karvonen died on 12 March 2022, at the age of 90.

Alain Krivine

Alain Krivine (; 10 July 1941 – 12 March 2022) was a French Trotskyist leader. He was born in Paris, France. Krivine was a member of the Ligue communiste révolutionnaire (LCR). He was a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004. 

Krivine died on 12 March 2022 in Paris at the age of 80.

Vic Elford

Victor Henry Elford (10 June 1935 – 13 March 2022) was an English sports car racing, rallying and Formula One driver. He took part in 13 World Championship F1 Grands Prix, debuting on 7 July 1968. 

Elford died on 13 March 2022, at the age of 86 from cancer.

Antonio Nachura

Antonio Eduardo Bermejo Nachura (June 13, 1941 – March 13, 2022) was a Filipino jurist. He was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 2007 until 2011. Nachura had been Solicitor-General of the Philippines.

Nachura died on 13 March 2022, at the age of 80.

Wai Ching Ho

Wai Ching Ho (born 16 November 1943) is a Hong Kong actress. She is known for her role as Madame Gao in the Marvel Cinematic Universe in "Daredevil" (2015–2016), "Iron Fist" (2017) and "The Defenders" (2017). 

William Heath Robinson

William Heath Robinson (31 May 1872 – 13 September 1944) was an English cartoonist, illustrator and artist. He is famous for drawing imaginary complicated machines for simple functions.

In the United Kingdom, a complicated machine which does simple things is called a "Heath Robinson contraption".

William Heath Robinson was born in Hornsey Rise, London on 31 May 1872. His family were artists. His father and brothers worked as illustrators. 

At first, he wanted to be a painter. However, he was not successful. He started illustrating books. He made pictures and drawings for books. He illustrated books like Hans Christian Andersen's "Danish Fairy Tales and Legends" and "The Arabian Nights". He published a book for children called "The Adventures of Uncle Lubin" in 1902. The book showed his imagination and sense of humor.

He was asked to make illustrations for "The Works of Mr Francis Rabelais". He made 254 black and white illustrations. The publisher went bankrupt in 1904. Robinson did not make a lot of money from the book. He had to make money. He started making cartoons and illustrations for magazines.

During the First World War, Robinson made satirical cartoons. He also drew impossible machines and weapons. These cartoons were enjoyed by the soldiers. After the war, he made more cartoons and advertisements. From 1919 to 1928, "The Bystander" published more than 400 of Robinson's cartoons. In 1935, he made "Railway Ribaldry" for the Great Western Railway. 

Robinson died on September 13, 1944 because of a stroke. He is buried in the East Finchley Cemetery.

In 1899, he became engaged to Josephine Constance Latey. The couple were married on April 30, 1903. His house in Moss Lane is marked by a blue plaque.


Pilatus PC-7

Pilatus PC-7 is a low-wing training aircraft. It is made by the Swiss company Pilatus Aircraft.

Salvadoran Navy

The Salvadoran Navy or Navy of El Salvador (in Spanish: "Fuerza Naval de El Salvador") is a branch of the Salvadoran Army, it was founded on October 12, 1951.

It has participated in two Important Conflicts, the Football War and the Salvadoran Civil War, currently the Navy is dedicated to the protection of the Coasts and Fisheries.


Micaela, Countess of Paris

"Doña" Micaëla Cousiño y Quiñones de León (Micaëla Ana María; 30 April 1938 – 13 March 2022) was a Chilean-Spanish royal consort. She was the second wife of Henri, Count of Paris from 1999 until his death in 2019.

Micaëla died on 13 March 2022 at the age of 83.

Igor Mandić

Igor Mandić (20 November 1939 – 13 March 2022) was a Croatian writer, literary critic, columnist and essayist. He was seen as the most important and the most Croatian newspaper writer of the second half of the 20th century. 

Ajdar Ismailov

Ajdar Ismailov (born "Ajdar Tagi Ismailov"; 23 April 1938 – 13 March 2022) was an Azerbaijani philologist and politician. He was one of the founders of New Azerbaijan Party. He was a professor at Nakhchivan State University.

Ron Pember

Ronald Henry Pember (11 April 1934 – 8 March 2022) was a British actor, stage director and dramatist. He played the role of Alain Muny in the 1970s BBC drama series "Secret Army". He wrote a stage musical entitled "Jack the Ripper" (1974).

Pember died on 8 March 2022, at the age of 87.

South Derbyshire

South Derbyshire is a local government district in Derbyshire, England. The population at the 2011 Census was 94,611.

Jeremy Child

Sir Coles John Jeremy Child, 3rd Baronet (20 September 1944 – 7 March 2022) was a British actor. He became famous for his part in the 1967 movie "Privilege". He also acted in "Quadrophenia", "Edward & Mrs. Simpson" and "Bird of Prey".

Child was in the 2004 movie "Wimbledon" and TV show "Judge John Deed". His last role was as Lord Stanhope in "Darkest Hour" (2017). Child passed away on 7 March 2022 in Benson, Oxfordshire at the age of 77.

Benson, Oxfordshire

Benson is a village and civil parish in South Oxfordshire, England. In 2011, the population was 4,754.

House of Saud

The House of Saud ( ) is the ruling Royals Family of Saudi Arabia. They are descendants of Muhammad bin Saud, founder of the Emirate of Diriyah, known as the First Saudi state (1727–1818). Members of his Family are usually future Saudi Kings. The Family has almost 13,500 members; however about 2,100 of them are Royals. The family's net worth are said to be at US $1.3 Trillion.

Adam Odzimek

Adam Maciej Odzimek (7 October 1944 – 13 March 2022) was a Polish Roman Catholic prelate. He was the Auxiliary Bishop of Sandomierz from 1985 until 1992 and Radom from 1992 until 2019. Odzimek was born in Radom, Poland. He became a priest in 1969.

Odzimek died on 13 March 2022 in Radom, aged 77.

Lena Moi

Lena Tungo Moi (neé Bomett) was born around the year 1926 to Paul Bomett a pioneer Christian in Eldama Ravine, Baringo. She would court Daniel Moi who would rise to be the second president of Kenya.

They were separated in 1974 but she became the when her husband became the on 22 August 1978.

Lena Bomett was born in 1926, she married in 1951 and they had 7 children. They were seperated in 1974 and she died on 22 July 2004 in . She was buried at Kabarak in front of the imposing bungalow. In death, she was reunited with her lover who died in 2020. 

On 22 August 1978, she became the until 30 December 2002 when her husband left office.

Bernard Nussbaum

Bernard William Nussbaum (March 23, 1937 – March 13, 2022) was an American attorney of PolishJewish descent. He was the White House Counsel under President Bill Clinton from 1993 until 1994. Nussbaum was a Democrat. He was born in New York City. He was part of the impeachment process against President Richard Nixon in 1974.

Nussbaum died on March 13, 2022 at the age of 84.

Hunter Schafer

Hunter Schafer (born December 31, 1998) is an American fashion model, actress, and LGBTQ rights activist. In 2019, she played transgender high school student Jules Vaughn in the HBO series "Euphoria".

Algee Smith

Algee Smith (born November 7, 1994) is an American actor and singer. He played Ralph Tresvant in BET's "The New Edition Story" miniseries and Larry Reed in Kathryn Bigelow's movie "Detroit". He is also known for his role as football player Christopher "Chris" McKay in the HBO drama series "Euphoria".

Angus Cloud

Conor Angus Cloud Hickey (July 10, 1998 – July 31, 2023) was an American actor. He was best known for his role of Fezco in the HBO television series "Euphoria".

Cloud died at his family's home in Oakland, California, on July 31, 2023, at the age of 25.

Barbie Ferreira

Barbara Linhares Ferreira (; born December 14, 1996) is an American model and actress. She is best known for her role as Kat Hernandez in the HBO series "Euphoria".

She is queer.

Storm Reid

Storm Reid (born July 1, 2003) is an American actress. She appeared in the movie "A Wrinkle in Time" (2018). She was also in the Netflix miniseries "When They See Us" (2019) and horror movie "The Invisible Man" (2020). She currently appears in the HBO drama series "Euphoria" (2019–present) and played Bloodsport's daughter in "The Suicide Squad" (2021).

Sydney Sweeney

Sydney Bernice Sweeney (born September 12, 1997) is an American actress. She is known for her roles in Netflix series "Everything Sucks!" (2018) as Emaline, Eden in the Hulu series "The Handmaid's Tale" (2018), Alice in the HBO miniseries "Sharp Objects" (2018) and Cassie Howard in the HBO teen drama series "Euphoria".

Sam Levinson

Samuel Levinson (born January 8, 1985) is an American actor and filmmaker. He is the son of Academy Award winning director Barry Levinson. In 2019 Levinson created the HBO teen drama series "Euphoria" (2019–present).

Bullet Train (movie)

Bullet Train is a 2022 action comedy movie directed by David Leitch. The movie is based on the Japanese novel "Maria Beetle" (published in English as "Bullet Train") by Kōtarō Isaka. It stars Brad Pitt, Joey King, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Brian Tyree Henry, Andrew Koji, Hiroyuki Sanada, Michael Shannon, Bad Bunny, and Sandra Bullock.

The movie is about an assassin (Brad Pitt) who must battle fellow killers while riding a bullet train in Japan.

"Bullet Train" was released on July 15, 2022, by Sony Pictures Releasing.

The movie got mixed reviews from critics, but it was a box office success earning $239.3 million worldwide on a movie budget of around $85.9–90 million.


Vildana Selimbegović

Vildana Selimbegović (born Lolić, July 27, 1963) is a Bosnian journalist, editor-in-chief of the daily "Oslobođenje". She lives and works in Sarajevo.

Vildana Selimbegović was born in Travnik in 1963. She finished elementary school and high school in her hometown. She completed journalism studies at the Faculty of Political Sciences in Sarajevo in early 1987. Then she began her journalist career at Sarajevo's Vecernji novine in 1989. She initially worked for the Sarajevo Chronicle. Then she began reporting for the domestic political section. She was the youngest journalist in the newsroom, and for the next year and a half she followed the union strikes.
Since the beginning of the Bosnian War, she has been reporting for Večernje novine from the front line of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina. During that period, she made about 1,000 field reports from all over Bosnia and Herzgovina. During 1997, as a journalist for "Dani" magazine, she published excerpts from secret court records from the 1994 trial. At here, the defendants described in detail the murders in Kazani. As a result, she received a death threat on the street and on the phone, and the bomb exploded in front of the office. Through her actions and efforts, she helped to memorize the crimes in Kazani. It is one of the initiators of the erection of a memorial at that site.
From 1994 to 2008 she worked at "Dani" magazine. She was editor, assistant editor-in-chief, deputy editor-in-chief, executive editor, deputy director, and on two occasions editor-in-chief (2000–2003, 2005– 2008). As the editor-in-chief of this magazine, she was the first woman in that position in a media outlet since the independence of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Since October 2008, Selimbegović has been the editor-in-chief of "Oslobođenje", the oldest daily in Bosnia and Herzegovina. 
For her professional work and engagement, she was twice named Journalist of the Year in the selection of Women 21 (1997 and 2001). In 1998, she was awarded by the European Union and the USA Government for her works to the development of democracy and respect for human rights. In 2015, she was awarded the SAIS Award for Investigative journalism in the USA. In 2017 she received an award from the Italian association Giavere for her help about respect for human rights, and in the same year she was named Journalist of the Year in Bosnia and Herzegovina.


Municipal Development and Lending Fund

The Municipal Development and Lending Fund, known by its acronym Mdlf, is a Palestinian quasi-governmental institution that works to empower local government bodies through the management of funding to implement the policies of the local government sector.
It has financial and administrative independence. It was established in 2005 by the Palestinian government to be the main channel to support the development process. and reform for local bodies. In 2015 the fund law was approved by the President of the State of Palestine, Mahmoud Abbas, in accordance with Decree Law No. (25) of 2016 regarding the Local Authorities Development and Lending Fund.
The establishment of the Local Authorities Fund was in line with the national agenda and policies, and was established as part of the Palestinian National Authority's initiative to achieve efficiency, reform, and transparency. The Fund works to translate national policies related to the local government sector into implementable programs and projects. Since its inception, the Fund has been working alongside local authorities to enhance their capabilities and raise performance levels to levels that enable them to contribute to building an independent and wealthy state.

The fund’s policies, directions and work are supervised by a board of directors consisting of nine members as follows
President Mahmoud Abbas and based on the provisions of the amended Basic Law of 2003 and its amendments, especially the provisions of Article (43) of it, issued Decree Law No. (25) of 2016 regarding the Local Authorities Development and Lending Fund.

Kamen Rider Kuuga

Kamen Rider Kuuga (stylish in English as "Masked Rider Kuuga") is a Japanese television series. It is the tenth installment of the popular Kamen Rider Series of tokusatsu shows and the first of air entirely in the Heisei, as well as the first standalone Kamen Rider TV series since Kamen Rider Black RX and the first series of the revived run of Kamen Rider, bringing Kamen Rider into the 21st century.

It was a joint collaboration between Ishimori Productions and Toei, and has shown on TV Asahi from January 30, 2000, to January 21, 2001, replacing "Moero!! Robocon" in its timeslot. "Kamen Rider Kuuga" is the Kamen Rider Series to be broadcast in a Widescreen (letterboxed) format. it aired alongside "Mirai Sentai Timeranger".

Long ago, the Grongi Tribe terrorized the Linto Tribe until a warrior acquired the power of Kuuga and defeated the Grongi, sealing their leader within a cave. In the present day, Kuuga's mysterious stone belt is excavated, freeing the Grongi as they resume their murderous game on the Linto Tribe's descendants: humanity itself. But a multi-talented man named Yusuke Godai finds himself drawn to the belt and becomes the new Kuuga. He helped assemble the Science Police to fight the Grongi to ensure the happiness and safety of others. But as the endgame draws near, Yusuke learns of a horrible revelation between Kuuga and the Grongi Tribe's leader.



Nick Rhodes

Nick Rhodes (born Nicholas James Bates; 8 June 1962) is an English musician, singer and Record producer best known as the founder, keyboardist and only continuous member of the new wave band Duran Duran. He is also formally monikered as "The Controller", after being introduced as such on stage by bandmate Simon Le Bon during the Astronaut álbum world tours of 2004-2005.

Brent Spiner

Brent Jay Spiner (born February 2, 1949) is an American actor, comedian, musician and singer best known for his portrayal of the android Data in the television series "" as well as four subsequent movies. In 2019, he reprised his role as Data for "".

Miṭpaḥat Sefarim

Miṭpaḥat Sefarim is a book which deals with the composition of the Book of Zohar and its contents written by Rabbi Jacob Emden (Ya'avetz. In Hebrew: יעב"ץ). His purpose was is to challenge the attribution of the book to Tanna from the 2nd century AD by Rabbi Shimon Bar Yochai, and to attribute it to a later author. It was intended to combat the Sabbath movement, which relied on passages in the Book of Zohar to confirm the proclamation of the Kabbalist Shabtai Zvi about himself as the Messiah in the middle of the 17th century.

Painted tree frog

The painted frog ("Tlalocohyla picta") is a frog that lives in Mexico, Belize, Honduras, and Guatemala. People have seen this frog 1300 meters above sea level.

Hermila Galindo

Hermila Galindo Acosta (also known as "Hermila Galindo de Topete") (2June 188618August 1954) was a feminist and writer. She was from Mexico. She supported many feminist views. She wanted to teach sex education in schools, women's suffrage, and divorce. She was one of the first feminists that said that Catholicism in Mexico was hurting feminism. She was the first woman to run for elected office in Mexico.
Hermila Galindo Acosta was born in Lerdo, Durango on 2 June, 1886. Her parents were Rosario Galindo and Hermila Acosta. She went to school in Villa Lerdo. She then went to an industrial school in Chihuahua. She learnt accounting, shorthand, telegraphy, typing, English and Spanish. She went back home when she was 13. She gave private lessons in shorthand and typing to children. In 1911, she moved to Mexico City.

On 2 June 2018, Galindo was celebrated by a Google Doodle in Mexico. It was on her 132nd birthday.

On 20 November 2020, Galindo was added to the new Mexican 1000 peso note.



Tanis (fossil site)

The Tanis fossil site has a unique place in Earth history. It preserves a record of what happened when the asteroid struck Earth 65 million years ago. The site is in North Dakota in part of the Hell Creek Formation, famous rocks where dinosaur fossils are found.

Tanis seems to record the events immediately after the impact of the giant Chicxulub asteroid in extreme detail. The fossil fish from this site are covered with debris from the impact at Chicxulub.

The site was excavated by Robert DePalma over several years. He started in 2012, working in secret.

Key findings were presented in two conference papers in October 2017. The full paper introducing Tanis was widely covered in the media on 29 March 2019, ahead of its publication three days later. The co-authors included Walter Alvarez and Jan Smit, both experts on the K-Pg impact and extinction. 

Township (New Jersey)

A Township in New Jersey Local Goverment refers to one of five "types" and eleven "forms" of municipal government. A township in New Jersey is a full municipality, similar to any other town, city, borough, or village. They collect property taxes and provide services such as maintaining roads, garbage collection, plumbing, schools, police, and fire fighting. Despite only 27% of New Jersey municipalities identifying as a Township, they hold a bit over 50% of the total state population.

Dholavira

Dholavira () is an archaeological site. It is at Khadirbet in Bhachau Taluka from the Kutch District. It is in the state of Gujarat in western India. It took its name from a modern-day village south of it. This village is from Radhanpur.


Rupnagar

It is a city and a municipal council in this district in the Indian state of Punjab. Rupnagar is a newly created fifth Divisional Headquarters of Punjab comprising Rupnagar, Mohali, and its adjoining districts. It is also one of the bigger sites belonging to the Indus Valley Civilization￼Area: 13.65 km²

Andriasa

Andriasa is a genus of moths. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It was described by Francis Walker in 1856.


Howard McGillin

Howard McGillin (born November 5, 1953 in Los Angeles, California) is an American actor. He played John Jasper in "The Mystery of Edwin Drood" and The Phantom in Andrew Lloyd Webber's "The Phantom in the Opera".

Oil wrestling

Oil wrestling () is a type of sport in Turkey. It began as a folk sport but has since become a national sport. Oil wrestling has been happening in Turkey since at least the 14th century. The sport is also practised by Turkish people in Bulgaria, Romania, North Macedonia, Northern Cyprus and Greece. Albanians and the Gorani from Kosovo and Albania also have a tradition of oil wrestling, It begain during the occupation by the Ottoman Empire. The Gorani hold an oil wrestling festival In the city of Dragash each year.
Oil wrestling takes place all year in Turkey. The largest event is the Kirkpinar festival. It takes place in the city of Edirne, Turkey each summer. The Kirkpinar Festival has taken place in Edirne since 1361. The judges are normally men from the Romanlar communitiy of Turkey. The first festival took place in 1346. At the festival, the best ""pehlivan"" (wrestler) is chosen.

Before the match, the wrestlers are covered in olive oil. This makes it hard to grab each other. It is common for the wrestlers to put their hand in the kispetof the other person. The kispet are pants made from the leather of a water buffalo. The cuffs of the pants are just below the knees The wrestlers put their hands in the pants of the other person or use the cuffs to get more leverage. The goal of the wrestling is to have the other person laying on the ground on their back. In the past, there was no time limit for matches. wrestlers could fight for days without a winner. Modern matches have a time limit of 40 minutes. In the case of a tie, there is an additional 7 minute period.


Erhard Busek

Erhard Busek (25 March 1941 – 13 March 2022) was an Austrian politician. He was an important member of the People's Party. Busek was chief of the party and Vice-Chancellor of Austria in the coalition of the Social Democratic Party of Austria with the People's Party between 1991 to 1995.

Yavoriv military base

The Yavoriv military base is a military training facility in western Ukraine, in the city of Yavoriv, some 10 km from the border with Poland. It is 30 kilometers northwest of Lviv in Yavoriv district. It has the International Center for Peacekeeping and Security of the Ukraine–NATO Partnership for Peace program. The base covers an area of around 390 sq km and can hold 1,790 people.

During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the military base was hit by Russian missiles, early on March 13, 2022. According to Ukrainian officials, 30 rockets were fired at the base, killing 35 people and injuring 134 others. Ukrainian officials also said that as many as 1000 foreign fighters had been training at the base as part of the Ukrainian Foreign Legion. The Russian Ministry of Defence announced that it had destroyed "up to 35 foreign mercenaries and [... some] foreign weapons"; the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence said that it had not confirmed any foreigners among the dead. A NATO official stated that there was no NATO personnel at the base, as all personnel had left the country prior to the invasion.

Moroccan dirham

The Moroccan dirham (, ; ; sign: DH; code: MAD) is the official monetary currency of Morocco. It is made by the Bank Al-Maghrib, the central bank of Morocco.

Bank Al-Maghrib

The Bank Al-Maghrib is the central bank of the Kingdom of Morocco, founded in 1959.

Kenitra

Kenitra (, , , ; ) is a city in north western Morocco, it is formerly known as Port Lyautey from 1932 to 1956.

Tifinagh

Tifinagh (; Neo-Tifinaɣ: ; Tuareg Tifinagh: or ) is an abjad script used to write the Berber languages.

Religion in ancient Rome

Religion in ancient Rome (; "Roman religion") is the local polytheism of Ancient Rome that the Romans used to define themselves as a people. It is the religious practices of people under Roman rule and is especially popular in Rome and Italy.


Idris I of Morocco

Idris (I) bin Abdallah (), also known as Idris the Elder (), (d. 791) was an Arab Hasanid Sharif and the founder of the Idrisid dynasty in part of northern Morocco.

Volubilis

Volubilis (; ; ) is a partly excavated Berber-Roman city in Morocco near the city of Meknes. It may have been the capital of the kingdom of Mauretania.

Omaha people

The Omaha are a Native American tribe They live in eastern Nebraska and Western Iowa. 

The Omaha tribe first lived near the Ohio and Wabash rivers. At some time, the tribe split into two parts, the Quapaw and Omaha tribe. The Omaha settled on the Missouri River. The Quapaw tribe settled in the area that is Arkansas today. The Omaha tribe were first discovered by a French cartographer Guillaume Delisle in 1718. He called them "The Maha, a wandering nation. " Delisle found them near the northern part of the Missouri river. 
The first fur traders who discovered the Omaha joined the tribe by marriage. In the 1700s. the Omaha tribe was thriving. They were good at farming and hunting. The tribe usually hunted buffalo. They used all the animal parts as many tribes did. Because the number of buffalo in the area became smaller, the Omaha tribe signed a treaty on March 16, 1854.

Nelu Ploieșteanu

Ion Dumitrache (16 December 1950 – 2 April 2021), artistically and commonly known as Nelu Ploieșteanu, was a Romanian lăutar, singer and fiddler of lăutărească music. He was born on 16 December 1950 in Ciorani, in the (now in the Prahova County), in Romania. Already at age 6, he played the accordion, and at age 17, he played music for money for the first time on a piano at a wedding. He moved to Bucharest in 1970 and worked for 6 months at the Ion Vasilescu Magazine Theater.
Nelu Ploieșteanu sang publicly for the last time on 8 March 2021, in Slănic. After this, he was hospitalized at the Floreasca Hospital in Bucharest after being diagnosed with COVID-19 and died there on 2 April. His family claimed that the hospital had mistreated Dumitrache and left him "like a dog", saying they intended to sue the hospital.

Gabi Luncă

Gabi Luncă (16 October 1938 – 2 April 2021) was a Romanian singer and musician. She was born in Vărbilău, Prahova County, Romania. Luncă was a lăutari musician and folk singer. She died of COVID-19 in Bucharest. She was 82 years old.

2022 Buea clashes

The 2022 Buea clashes were armed clashes that took place on 12 January 2022 in Buea in the Southwest Region of Cameroon. The fighting was between the Cameroon Armed Forces and Ambazonian separatists. Three people were killed and many others were injured.

After the crackdown of the 2016-17 Cameroonian protests and the separatist insurgency that followed, armed separatists and the military of Cameroon have had many battles. This fighting has caused people to die. International NGOs and the UN say that both sides are guilty of war crimes. The conflict has caused the deaths of thousand of people. Hundreds of thousands of people have been displaced since the beginning of 2017.

This fighting took place during the 2021 African Cup of Nations (AFCON) football in Cameroon. The separatists had said that they would disrupt the competition. This caused Cameroon to deployed more troops to the areas.

Clashes began around 7 a.m. on the road between the neighborhoods of Molyko and Muea. The fighting lasted about 1 hour and was heard in the near by areas. This road is located not far from the Molyko stadium. The stadium is used as a training site for the teams of group F of the African Cup of Nations (AFCON).

The mayor of the town, David Mafani Namange, said that people with guns attacked the town's central market. He said that they were firing bullets into the air to make the traders leave the market. The army was then deployed into the area, and clashes started.

Three people, including a soldier, were killed in the clashes. Reports say that the Mali football team would suspend their training sessions because of the fighting.

Andriasa contraria

Andriasa contraria is a species of moth. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It is seen in tropical Africa. It can be seen in Kenya, Cameroon and South Africa. There is a lot of "Andriasa contrarie" with many different types of moths. It is seen in all habitats except for deserts and high mountains.

Its forewings in males are 25–31 mm. The females are a little bit larger. They have longer and narrower wings than the males.

The larvae eat the leaves of "Spathodea campanulata". They also are seen to eat "Newboldia" and "Markhamia".


Ohangwena Constituency

Ohangwena is a constituency in the Ohangwena Region of northern Namibia. It had 17,539 people living there in 2004 and 13,181 registered voters .

Namibia's ruling SWAPO Party has dominated elections in this constituency since independence. 

The 2015 regional election was won by a landslide. SWAPO candidate Johannes Hakanyome gain 5,778 votes, while the opposition candidates Jeremia Haufiku of the Rally for Democracy and Progress received 346 and Lukas Mbabi of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance received 123 votes. Councillor Hakanyome of SWAPO was reelected in the 2020 regional election. He received 3,423 votes, followed by Vilho Shimuoshili, an independent candidate, with 1,644 votes.

David Zepeda

David Zepeda (born September 19, 1973, Nogales, Sonora) is a Mexican actor, model, singer and lawyer, he is best known for his roles in telenovelas such as: "Acorralada", "Abismo de pasión" and "Por amar sin ley".

Oleksii Reznikov

Oleksii Reznikov is a lawyer and politician from Ukraine. He was the minister of defense from November 2021 until September 2023.

Reznikov is from Lviv. He is fluent in Ukrainian, Russian, English and Polish.

Kyrgyzstan Time

Kyrgyzstan Time codice_1is the time zone of Kyrgyzstan. It is +6:00 hrs ahead of Universal Coordinated Time (). Kyrgyzstan does not have daylight saving time.

Épée

The ( or , ), is the largest and heaviest of the three weapons used in fencing.

Central Bank of Armenia

The Central Bank of Armenia () is the central bank of Armenia. Its headquarter is in Yerevan.

Gaspar Henaine

Gaspar Henaine (January 6, 1927-September 30, 2011), better known as Capulina, was a Mexican Actor, Comedian, Musician, Film Producer and Screenwriter, he is best known for having made a duet with Marco Antonio Campos called Viruta and Capulina, was nicknamed "El Rey del Humor Blanco" ("The King of White Humor"), because in all his films, he did not include any black jokes or double meanings.

Note: Is a incompleted list

Andriasa mitchelli

Andriasa mitchelli is a species of moth. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It is from Malawi.

Its forewings are 34.8–35.2 mm in males. It is like the "Andriasa contraria contraria", but it's slightly bigger.

Veni Creator Spiritus

"Veni Creator Spiritus" (in English: Come, Creator Spirit) is a Christian Hymn written by the German Monk, Teacher and Archbishop Rabanus Maurus in the 9th century.

This hymn is dedicated to Pentecost and sometimes to the Holy Spirit, it is also used when the cardinals enter the Sistine Chapel during the election of the New Pope, for a short time, it was used as the Unofficial Anthem of the First Mexican Empire and the Mexican Provisional Government.


M3U

M3U ("MP3 URL" or Moving Picture Experts Group Audio Layer 3 Uniform Resource Locator in full) is a computer file format for a multimedia playlist. 

The M3U file can include comments. They are prefaced by the "#" character. In extended M3U, "#" also introduces extended M3U directives which are terminated by a colon ":" if they support parameters.

Apple used the extended M3U format as a base for their HTTP Live Streaming (HLS). It was written in an Independent Submission Stream RFC in 2017 as <nowiki>RFC 8216</nowiki>. Therein, a "master playlist" references segment playlists which contain URLs for short parts of the media stream. Some tags only apply to the former type and some only to the latter type of playlist. But they all begin with codice_1.

El último rey

El último rey or by its alternate title El último rey: el hijo del pueblo (By its English title: The Last King) is a bibliographic television series based on the life of Vicente Fernández, the recognized "Charro de Huentitán".

Premiered on March 14, 2022 by "Las Estrellas", it is produced by Juan Osorio for TelevisaUnivision, The second season will premiere until 16 May 2022.



Armed Forces of Ukraine

The Armed Forces of Ukraine ( [ЗСУ]; , [ZSU]) are the military forces of Ukraine. They are the main force against any military action against the nation of Ukraine. All military and security forces are under the command of the president of Ukraine. This includes the Armed Forces. They are subject to oversight by a parliamentary commission.

Ukraine's armed forces include the Ukrainian Ground Forces, the Ukrainian Air Force, the Ukrainian Navy, the Ukrainian Air Assault Forces and the Special Operations Forces. The navy of Ukraine has its own small Ukrainian Naval Infantry force. It also has its own Ukrainian Naval Aviation force. The Ukrainian Sea Guard is the coast guard service of Ukraine. It is a part of the Border Guard Service. It is not a part of the navy.

Because of the Russian military intervention in Ukraine in 2014, the president had the leaders of oblasts of Ukraine create units which are made up of volunteers. These groups are under the control of the government's Territorial Defense Forces. At first, the government gave these units very little money. Most of their funding came from donations.

In November 2014, most of the territorial defense battalions were made a part of the Ukrainian Ground Forces. The National Guard of Ukraine is a paramilitary reserve unit of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.

After the fighting with Russia in 2014, Ukraine increased the size of its armed forces to 204,000 soldiers. This does not include additional forces such as the border guards, the new National Guard of Ukraine or the security service. The current size of Ukraine's armed forces is 250,000. Of that number, 215,000 are military personnel. It is the second largest in the region. Only Russia has a larger military in the region. In 2022, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy ordered that the size of the military would be increased by 100,000 by 2025. He also ordered that conscription would end in 2024. Conscription will be replaced with short-term military training.

Military units of other countries have taken part in military exercises with Ukrainian forces in Ukraine. Many of these exercises have been held under the NATO program Partnership for Peace.

Pelle Svanslös (movie)

Peter-No-Tail () is a 1981 Swedish animated film based on the children's book series by Gösta Knutsson.
On a Swedish country farm, a cat gives birth to a litter of kittens. One of these cats do not have a tail. The farmer is ordered by the farm owner to get rid of the kitten without the tail. He smuggles the young cat into the car of a family returning to Uppsala after a holiday near the farm. Discovered on arrival at the family's home, the stowaway is named Peter-No-Tail (Pelle Svanslös) by the children Olle and Birgitta. Peter soon settles into his new home, but when Birgitta takes him out for a walk in the following spring, he is chased by a vicious bulldog, and escapes to a town alley where Elaka Måns (Mean Mike) lives. The long-tailed Måns, aided by twins Bill and Bull, is a notorious bully amongst the town cats, so he tricks the naïve Peter into singing outside the home of a young female cat named Maja Gräddnos (Molly Cream-Nose). Maja's human owners hate cat howling, so Måns expects Peter to be soaked with water in his attempt to impress Maja. But Maja is attracted to the polite and kind-hearted Peter, so she invites him in to share some fish with her; thus it is Måns who ends up getting soaked with a garden hose when he tries to impress Maja himself. At the town cats' spring ball, Måns organises a competition where contestants must answer a mental arithmetic question by showing the winning number with their tails. Peter is given an impossibly hard sum, and the other cats mock him for not having a tail at all to even guess the answer. But a snake that Peter befriended earlier reveals the correct answer, and also bites Måns' long tail, humiliating him in front of the crowd. In revenge, Måns breaks into Peter's home and frames him for eating Olle's birthday cake, so the family locks Peter in the ironing room as punishment. However, when a fire breaks out in the house at night, Peter wakes and alerts the sleeping family with his frantic meowing, so he is redeemed as a hero, and Birgitta gives him a medal for his bravery. When Måns learns of Peter's good deed, he dismisses his medal as worthless, and invents a new sports event called the Cat Championship, where the winning prize is a gold medallion. The challenges include a distance jump, throwing shotput balls, and a hurdle race course. Måns stages each of the challenges so that Peter fails - his spike shoes for the distance jump have the spikes on the inside to hurt his feet, Peter's shotput ball is far heavier than the others, and Måns cheats in the hurdle race to make sure he wins. But when Måns' tricks are discovered, the referee disqualifies him and awards Peter the gold medallion instead. Maja, who has been cheering Peter on throughout the tournament, congratulates him and they celebrate his victory together. Now eager to get rid of Peter, Måns tries to rally his fellow cats into opposing 'country' cats, and he sets loose the dangerous bulldog to chase Peter out of the city. Most of the town cats watch from safety in the trees, but a kitten named Fridolf has strayed onto some high scaffolding platforms, where he is attacked by the bulldog. Peter rescues Fridolf from the collapsing scaffolding and escapes from the savage bulldog, who subsequently chases Måns, Bill and Bull away instead. For saving Fridolf, the town cats praise Peter and finally accept him into their community. At the end of the film, Peter's family take him with them on their next summer holiday, returning to the farm where Peter was born.
The film is animated and is based on the children's book series by Gösta Knutsson. Class discrimination, bullying and racism play a big part of the story, much like in the books since Peter is at times looked down on for being a "country cat", who is accused by Måns of threatening the livelihoods of the town cats. In the original Swedish dub Måns is played by Ernst-Hugo Järegård.

A sequel called "Peter-No-Tail in Americat" () was released in 1985.


Pelle Svanslös i Amerikatt (movie)

Peter-No-Tail in Americat () is a 1985 Swedish animation based on stories about the tail-less cat "Pelle Svanslös" by Gösta Knutsson. The cartoon is a sequel to the 1981 cartoon "Peter-No-Tail". It is known in Sweden for its extremely surreal content.

Peter-No-Tail (Pelle Svanslös) is a cat without a tail. He was bit off by a rat when he was a kitten. He compensates for this by studying hard. Much to the dismay of his arch-rival Magnus (Måns), he earns a high university degree that few cats in the university town of Uppsala, Sweden, have got. In the movie, he is visited by his American relative Pelle Swanson. He invites him to visit his new home country, the United States, in the movie called "Americat". There everything is bigger; even the rats are much fatter.
The movie is mainly about what happens to someone from another country who is not used to the life in a big city. Nevertheless, Peter-No-Tail is still a kindhearted cat to everyone, even if the other cats are not nice to him. Everything seems possible in America, even the prospect of finally having a proper tail and a sweetheart to call one's own.
The movie has many surreal elements. When Peter encounters large ghetto-rats that try to eat him, the famous church of Uppsala turning into a huge cat, and a Native American cat that uses magic to give him a long, golden tail, earning him the nickname of "Peter Gold-Tail."



B-24 Liberator

The B-24 Liberator was a heavy bomber used by the Consolidated Aircraft. It was more reliable than its sister plane the B-17 Flying Fortress. It was quicker, had a bigger bomb load and had more weapons.

The B-25/24 Mitchell was an elite strike bomber. This beast could carry 3000 lbs (1360 kg) of bombs internally with the bomb bay, and more under the wings. The B-25/24 completed many missions at low altitude, and came equipped with many frontal guns and several turrets. The B-25 and B-24 were very similar strike bombers, with near identical payloads and armament presets though the B-24 was a stronger and more powerful aircraft. A noticeable story of a B-24 named ‘Lady Be Good’ was supposedly lost in the North-African theatre of WWII. 

Gusher, Utah

Gusher is an unincorporated community in Uintah County, Utah, United States. The community is on U.S. Route 40 and U.S. Route 191. The community is east of Ballard.

Godman's tree frog

Godman's tree frog ("Tlalocohyla godmani") is a frog that lives in Mexico. It lives in highlands in Puebla and Veracruz. This frog has been observed as high as 900 meters above sea level.

This frog is in some danger of dying out because human beings change the mesic forest in which it lives and because of pollution from mining.

Saptapur

Saptapur, officially Saptapura is a residential neighborhood and business hub in the south-west of Dharwad. It is bordered by Malmaddi in the east, Srinagar and KUD in the south, Narayanpur in the north & Kalyan Nagar in the south-east. 

Sadhankeri, Dharwad

Sadhankeri (litrally means Resource Lake)also known as The lungs of Dharwad city is in northwest Dharwad, it is one of the largest neighborhoods, and is a residential locality and also the one of the greenest places in Dharwad. Many well-known landmarks are in Sadhankeri.

Kamen Rider Blade

Kamen Rider Blade ("Masked Rider ♠ (Blade)"), is a Japanese television series. 
It is the fourteenth installment in the Kamen Rider Series. It aired on TV Asahi from January 25, 2004 to January 23, 2005. It is a joint collaboration between Ishimori Productions and Toei. Along with the standard insect motif of the Kamen Rider Series, "Kamen Rider Blade" also uses a Playing card motif. Each Rider is assigned one of the suits from a deck of cards. It aired as a part of TV Asahi's Super Hero Time block with "Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger".
"Blade" was later released on DVD by Toei. There were twelve volumes released with the first eleven having four episodes per DVD and the twelfth with five episodes.

Ten thousand years ago, a large battle known as the Battle Royal was fought by fifty-two Undead. Each side represented a species fighting for dominance. The winner was the Human Undead, known as Category Two of Hearts, giving dominion of the Earth to humanity. 
In the present day, archaeologists discover the sealed Undead. But unfortunately, they accidentally set them free. Thus, a new Battle Royal begins.
Having developed the Rider System, based on the Joker's ability to copy sealed Undead, the organization BOARD (Board of Archaeologists Research Department) equips two young men, who become Kamen Riders: Kazuma Kenzaki and and Sakuya Tachibana fight together as Kamen Rider Blade and Kamen Rider Garren to protect humans from Undead and seal them. Also fighting Undead is the mysterious Hajime Aikawa as Kamen Rider Chalice, whose purpose is unknown. In addition, young Mutsuji Kamijo fights to free himself from the control of the sealed Undead powering his own Undead-made Rider System. He fights as Kamen Rider Leangle.




Counties of Hungary

Hungary is subdivided administratively into 19 counties and the capital city Budapest.

Pest County

Pest (, ; ) is a county ("megye") in central Hungary.

List of heads of state of Hungary

This is a list of heads of state of Hungary, since the establishment of the Hungarian State in 1849 until the present day in 2022 .


102

Year 102 (CII) was a common year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Ursus and Sura (or, less commonly, year 855 "Ab urbe condita"). The name 102 has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the normal method in Europe for naming years.


Sonnalli Seygall

Sonnalli Seygall (born 1 May 1989) is an Indian actress. Her first movie was 2011's "Pyaar Ka Punchnama." It was directed by Luv Ranjan. She played Rhea opposite Rayo Bakhirta playing Vikrant Chaudhary. Sonnalli was also seen in "Pyaar Ka Punchnama 2" and "Wedding Pullav", both releasing on the same day (16 October). She was recently seen in an advertisement with Salman Khan for Thums Up.
She was a ramp model before she decided to try her luck at the "Miss India Worldwide" competition. She has featured in music videos for Prem, a Canadian singer (Times) and Dr. Zeus (Studio One). She has done anchoring at live events for Reebok, Castrol, Indiatimes, Filmfare, Times of India and Dadagiri (reality show). She also performed at the Indian Embassy in Russia.
Sonnalli also played lead role in "Jai Mummy Di". This is a romantic comedy starring Sunny Singh, Supriya Pathak and Poonam Dillon, directed by Navjot Gulati. The movie was released on 17 January 2020.


103

103 (CIII) was a common year starting on Sunday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Traianus and Maximus (or, less frequently, year 856 "Ab urbe condita"). Writing 103 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the normal method in Europe for naming years.



80

AD 80 (LXXX) was a leap year starting on Saturday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Augustus and Domitianus (or, less commonly, year 833 "Ab urbe condita"). The name AD 80 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the usual method in Europe for naming years.



Alliance of Free Democrats

The Alliance of Free Democrats – Hungarian Liberal Party (, SZDSZ) was a liberal political party in Hungary.

Kazani pit killings

Kazani is the name for a pit located in the Stari Grad area of Sarajevo. From mid-1992 to the second half of 1993, mostly Serb civilians were killed in Kazani. The bodies were then thrown into the pit. These war crimes were committed by Mušan Topalović Caco and members of the 10th Mountain Brigade of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.


Hungarian State

The Hungarian State () was a short-lived state that existed for 4 months in the end of the Hungarian Revolution of 1848–49.

Hungarian Socialist Party

The Hungarian Socialist Party (), commonly known by its acronym MSZP, is a centre-left social-democratic and pro-european political party in Hungary.

Mihály Károlyi

Count Mihály Ádám György Miklós Károlyi de Nagykároly, English: Michael Adam George Nicholas Károlyi, or in short simple form: Michael Károlyi (4 March 1875 – 19 March 1955) was a Hungarian politician. He was a leader of the unrecognized First Hungarian Republic from 1918 to 1919.

104

Year 104 (CIV) was a leap year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. It is the 104th Year of the Anno Domini (AD) designation, the 104th year of the 1st millennium, the 4th year of the 2nd century, and the 5th year of the 100s decade. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Suburanus and Marcellus (or, less commonly, year 857 "Ab urbe condita"). The usage of 104 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the normal method in Europe for naming years.


Blue Foundation

Blue Foundation is a Danish music group. Their music has been in movies and TV shows such as Twilight.

Modjo

Modjo were a French musical duo. The group fromed in Paris in 1999. The two members of the group were Romain Tranchard and Yann Destagnot. Tranchart (b. 9 June 1976) was a producer. Destagnol (b. Yann Destal, 14 July 1978) was a singer. The group did very well with their 2000 single "Lady (Hear Me Tonight)". The group broke up in 2003. 


115

Year 115 (CXV) was a common year starting on Monday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. In the Roman Empire, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Messalla and Vergilianus (or, less commonly, year 868 "Ab urbe condita"). The writing of the year 115 has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the normal method in Europe for naming years.



117

Year 117 (CXVII) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Niger and Apronianus (or, less frequently, year 870 "Ab urbe condita"). The writing of 117 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the normal method in Europe for naming years.



Weingarten, Württemberg

Weingarten (, German for "wine garden"; Low Alemannic: "Wãẽgaade") is a town in Baden-Württemberg. In 2020, has a population of 25,000 people. The town was called Altdorf before. It was renamed Weingarten in 1865. The name comes from the Weingarten Abbey.


Kamen Rider Hibiki

Kamen Rider Hibiki (lit. "Masked Rider Echo Ogre") is a Japanese television series, serving as the fifteenth installment in the popular Kamen Rider Series of tokusatsu programs. It is a joint collaboration between Ishimori Productions and Toei. "Kamen Rider Hibiki" first aired on January 30, 2005 and aired its final episode on January 22, 2006. TV Asahi's Super Hero Time alongside with "Mahō Sentai Magiranger".

The Kamen Riders, known as Oni, battle man-eating beasts called Makamou with "pure sound". One of the Oni, a man named Hibiki, ends up having a "teacher-and-apprentice"-like relationship with Asumu Adachi, a young boy unsure of himself and is at a crossroads in his life as he transitions to high school. Asumu learns to be an adult through watching Hibiki and the other Oni as they all train together to hone their skills in fighting the Makamou and the homunculi aiding them. However, the sudden rise of Makamou numbers proves to be a prelude to an upcoming calamity.





Avinoffia

Avinoffia is a genus of moths. It is in the family of Sphingidae. It only has one species, which is the Avinoffia hollandi. It is from Cameroon, Gabon, Congo and Liberia.

Michael Djakoff

Michael Djakoff (1872 – 19 September 1959) was a Russian track cyclist. He won the silver medal at the 1896 ICA Track Cycling World Championships, in the amateur motor-paced event. In 1896 he left Moscow, and with a British license he became twice champion of the United Kingdom in the half lap event.

Fernand Ponscarme

Fernand Ponscarme (6 February 1876 – 11 May 1935) was a French cyclist. He became world champion at the 1896 ICA Track Cycling World Championships in the amateur motor-paced event.

Zacateco

The Zacatecos (or "Zacatecas") is the name of an indigenous people living in the current State of Zacatecas, Aguascalientes and a part of Durango, they were called by the Aztecs as Chichimecas (os).


Ram pressure

Ram pressure is a pressure on a body moving through a fluid.

Miki Hirai

Miki Hirai ( 平井美喜 born 10 September 1981) is a Japanese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the Japan women's national wheelchair basketball team, and the club Kyushu Dolphin. In 2021 she competed in the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

At very young age she was diagnosed with cancer. When she was two years old she had surgery. A medical accident caused a spinal cord injury. In grade 10 of high school she was encouraged to watch a wheelchair basketball game. 

After graduation she joined the wheelchair basketball team, Kyushu Dolphin. As a member of the national team, she participated at the 2008 Summer Paralympics. At the 2010 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship in Birmingham. The team finished seventh. At the 2014 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, she finished 9th. She competed at the , and 2018 IWBF Asian Para Games, winning two silver medals.

Due to the 2016 Kumamoto earthquake, her house in collapsed. She moved to the welfare facility where she used to work, as it became at the time a shelter for victims. She announced to withdrawn from the national training camp the next month. However, her teammates encouraged her to continue playing and she did. 


Juan Jose Gutierrez Bermudez

Juan Jose Gutierrez Bermudez (born 2 August 2001) is a Mexican Paralympic swimmer. He competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

He competed at the 2019 Parapan American Games, winning a bronze medal.


Hill City, Minnesota

Hill City is a city in Aitkin County, Minnesota, United States.

McGrath, Minnesota

McGrath is a city in Aitkin County, Minnesota, United States.

McGregor, Minnesota

McGregor is a city in Aitkin County, Minnesota, United States.

Palisade, Minnesota

Palisade is a city in Aitkin County, Minnesota, United States.

Tamarack, Minnesota

Tamarack is a city in Aitkin County, Minnesota, United States.

Andover, Minnesota

Andover is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Bethel, Minnesota

Bethel is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Centerville, Minnesota

Centerville is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Circle Pines, Minnesota

Circle Pines is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Columbus, Minnesota

Columbus is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

East Bethel, Minnesota

East Bethel is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Ford Bronco II

The Ford Bronco II is a compact sport utility vehicle (SUV)/. It was made by the Ford Motor Company from 1984-1990. The Bronco II was not related to the first generation Ford Bronco (1966-1977).

The Bronco II was based in the first generation Ford Ranger (1983-1992), it was made as a competition to the Chevrolet S-10 Blazer and GMC Jimmy of General Motors. it was replaced by the Ford Explorer.

The Bronco is also known for being a very dangerous vehicle. This is because of its high suspension height and short wheelbase. The Bonco caused the deaths of 260 owners. Ford had to pay $113 million dollars to the relatives of the people who died. This caused Ford to replace the Bronco with the Explorer in the early 1990s. The Explorer was based on the Ford Ranger.


Fridley, Minnesota

Fridley is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Ham Lake, Minnesota

Ham Lake is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Hilltop, Minnesota

Hilltop is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Lexington, Minnesota

Lexington is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Lino Lakes, Minnesota

Lino Lakes is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Nowthen, Minnesota

Nowthen is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Oak Grove, Minnesota

Oak Grove is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Ramsey, Minnesota

Ramsey is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States.

Dear Father

Dear Father is an 2022 Indian Gujarati movie. It is based on the Gujarati play of the same name. The movie was directed by Umang Vyas. It was written by Vivek Bele, Uttam Gada, and Aditya Rawal. The movie stars Paresh Rawal, Manasi Parekh, and Chetan Dhanani. It released on March 4, 2022.

After a man falls from his balcony, a police investigation focuses on the man's son and daughter-in-law.


Jun Kondō

Jun Kondō (近藤 淳 "Kondō Jun", 6 February 1930 – 11 March 2022) was a Japanese theoretical physicist. He was known for his research that led to the creation of the Kondo effect, Kondo insulator and the Kondo model. He was an emeritus fellow of the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST). Kondō was born in Tokyo, Japan.

Kondō died on 11 March 2022 in Tokyo from pneumonia, aged 92.

Jessica Williams (musician)

Jessica Jennifer Williams (March 17, 1948 – March 12, 2022) was an American jazz pianist and composer. She worked with Eddie Harris, Tony Williams, Stan Getz, Bobby Hutcherson, and Charlie Haden.

In June 1976, Williams began performing with the "Philly Joe" Jones band in New Jersey many times in the 1970s.

Williams died on March 12, 2022, five days before her 74th birthday.

Mohammad Alavi Gorgani

Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Mohammad Ali Hosseini Alavi Gorgani (; March 1940 – 15 March 2022) was an Iraqi-born Iranian Twelver Shi'a marja. He lived in Najaf, Iraq

He died on 15 March 2022 in Tehran.

Ľubomír Roman

Ľubomír Roman (12 April 1944 – 14 March 2022) was a Slovak politician and actor. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Movement. He was Minister of Culture from March to December 1994 and was a member of the National Council from 1994 to 1998. He was born in Malacky, Slovakia.

Roman died of a heart attack in Bratislava, Slovakia on 14 March 2022 at the age of 77.

Jorge Silva Melo

Jorge Silva Melo (7 August 1948 – 14 March 2022) was a Portuguese actor, theatre director, playwright and translator. In 1973, Melo founded the Teatro da Cornucópia with Luís Miguel Cintra. He was a well known playwright in Portugal. Melo was born in Lisbon.

Melo died on 14 March 2022 at a hospital in Lisbon from pancreatic cancer at the age of 73.

Kumudben Joshi

Kumudben Manishankar Joshi (31 January 1934 – 14 March 2022) was an Indian politician. She was a member of the Rajya Sabha from 1973 until 1985. Joshi was also the Governor of Andhra Pradesh from 1985 until 1990.

Joshi died on 14 March 2022 in Gujarat, India from a long-illness, at the age 88. She died in the Changa Dhanori, Near Gandevi, District Navsari in Gujarat.[ 

Charles Greene (athlete)

Charles Edward "Charlie" Greene (March 21, 1945 – March 14, 2022) was an American track and field sprinter. He won the gold and bronze medal in the 4 × 100 metres relay at the 1968 Summer Olympics. Greene was born in Pine Bluff, Arkansas.

Greene died on March 14, 2022 in Lincoln, Nebraska at the age of 76.

Arturo Bonín

Arturo José Bonini (11 November 1943 – 15 March 2022), better known as Arturo Bonín, was an Argentine actor. He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. His career began in 1979. He appeared in the movies "Asesinato en el Senado de la Nación" and "Bairoletto, la aventura de un rebelde" in lead roles. He was also in many telenovelas such as "Amor mío".

Bonín died on 15 March 2022 in Buenos Aires from lung cancer, aged 78.

Turkish Cypriots

Turkish Cypriots are a group of Turkish people. Most of them live in Northern Cyprus. They speak the Turkish language. The history of the Turkish Cypriots dates back to 1571, when the Ottoman Empire conquered Cyprus. In 1974, Turkish Cypriots was killed at the Maratha, Santalaris and Aloda massacre by Cypriot Greeks. The Turkish Cypriots are Sunni Muslims. Their practice of religion has traditionally been secular, but Eid festival is an integral part in there culture, like Wedding, Sünnet Partys of the boys and Turkish Oil Wrestling.
Turkish Cypriot culture include traditional Wood carving, produtcion of Olive oil, embroidery and Silk -wrapping as Souvenir for Tourism. There are also many Turkish Cypriots living outside Cyprus. Mostly, they live in England and Australia

Turbo FAST

Turbo FAST is an American flash-animated web television series. It is based on the 2013 computer-animated movie "Turbo". The series was produced by DreamWorks Animation Television. It was animated by Titmouse. It is available on Netflix in the United States and 40 other countries where Netflix is shown. The series is the first Netflix original series for children. It is the first DreamWorks Animation series produced for Netflix. Since February 5, 2016, all episodes are available on Netflix.

The first five episodes of the first season were released on December 24, 2013. The season had a total of twenty six episodes. Other episodes were released in groups of five or six episodes. These groups were released around holidays throughout 2014. Most episode have two 11-minutes sections. There are a small number of double-length episodes. Season 2 was released on Netflix on July 31, 2015. The third and final season was released on Netflix on February 5, 2016.

Kazakhs

The Kazakhs (also spelled Qazaqs) are a Turkic speaking people who mainly live in the Ural Mountains and northern parts of Central and East Asia (most of them live in Kazakhstan, but also parts of Russia, Uzbekistan, Mongolia and China) in Eurasia. The Kazakhs emerged in the 15th century from an amalgam of Turkic tribes and of Mongol tribes.

Luka Jović

Luka Jović (; born 23 December 1997) is a Serbian footballer. He plays as a striker for the Serie A club Fiorentina and the Serbia national team.

I Hate This Part

"I Hate This Part" is a song recorded by American girl group The Pussycat Dolls. The sont was released on October 14, 2008, through Interscope Records. It was taken from their second studio album, "Doll Domination". It is an electropop song about a breakup. It was written by Wayne Hector, Cutfather, and Lucas Secon, while Cutfather, Jonas Jeberg, and Ron Fair produced the song.

Otavi Constituency

Otavi Constituency is an electoral constituency in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia. It had 11,620 people living there in 2004 and 9,608 registered voters . 

The 2015 regional election was won by Laina Mekundi of the SWAPO Party with 1,982 votes, followed by Fred Grundeling of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance with 325 votes and Bella Hunibes of the All People’s Party (APP) with 191 votes. The SWAPO candidate also won the 2020 regional election. George Garab received 1,567 votes; The independent candidate Johannes Johannes came second with 769 votes.

Otjiwarongo Constituency

Otjiwarongo Constituency is an electoral constituency in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia. It had 22,614 people living there in 2004 and 22,931 registered voters . 

In the 2010 regional election, former Otjiwarongo mayor Otto Ipinge of the SWAPO Party was elected to the Otjozondjupa Regional Council. The 2015 regional election was also won by the SWAPO candidate. Julius Neumbo gained 4,565 votes, followed by Esmerelda Esme ǃAebes of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance with 1,254 votes and Chris Katjivive of the National Unity Democratic Organisation with 597 votes.

After councillor Neumbo died in 2019, a by-election was run in March 2020. Again the SWAPO candidate won. Marlyn Mbakera obtained 2,910 votes, ahead of independent candidate Erastus Mbumba (1,020 votes) and Sebeteus Guiteb of the Landless People's Movement (752 votes). Councillor Mbakera was re-elected in the 2020 regional election. She received 4,173 votes, well ahead of Erastus Mbumba, now of the Independent Patriots for Change, who obtained 1,592 votes. Asariel Iilonga of the Popular Democratic Movement came third with 721 votes, followed by Lazarus Januarie (LPM, 524 votes) and Johannes Nauiseb (NUDO, 450 votes).

Montenegrin language

Montenegrin ( ; ) is a normative variety of the Serbo-Croatian language. It is the official language of Montenegro.

The Montenegrin alphabet has three more letters than the Serbian one; Ś, З and Ź. Besides those letters, the Serbian and Montenegrin alphabets are the same.

Article 1 of the "Universal Declaration of Human Rights" in Montenegrin, written in the Latin alphabet:

Article 1 of the "Universal Declaration of Human Rights" in English:

Amma Makkal Munnetra Kazagam

The Amma Makkal Munnettra Kazagam (transl. Amma People Progressive Federation; abbr. AMMK) is an Indian regional political party with great influence in the state of Tamil Nadu and union territory of Pondicherry. AMMK is a Dravidian party founded by T. T. V. Dhinakaran at Madurai on 15 March 2018 as a breakaway faction from the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.C. Gopal and TTV Dhinakaran assigned the post of president and general secretary of the party respectively.

White glove

White gloves are gloves used to keep hands and hand-touched items clean. White gloves are considered a symbol of cleanliness and quality hygiene in the hospitality industry, including the medical industry, hotels and restaurants, and the delivery industry. They are presented with the meaning of "clean, courteous, quality service". Also white gloves maybe for their tuxedos. In the military, white gloves indicate integrity and discipline. Also, white gloves are often worn by debutantes and wedding brides as a sign of modesty. For centuries, white gloves have symbolized purity and nobility.

People who handle rare books for a living do not wear white gloves. Cotton gloves get dirty very quickly. They also can make hands sweaty, which can damage a page.


Sonya Deville

Daria Rae Berenato (born September 24, 1993) is an American professional wrestler and mixed martial artist. She works for the WWE under the ring name Sonya Deville. She appears on both the Raw and SmackDown brands as an on-screen authority figure with Adam Pearce.

Berenato was born in Shamong Township, New Jersey to Italian parents. She went to Seneca High School in Tabernacle, New Jersey. At the age of 16, Berenato began training and competing in mixed martial arts.

Berenato is gay. She is the first openly gay female wrestler in WWE. She described coming out as a lesbian during the "Tough Enough".

On August 16, 2020, a South Carolina man was arrested and charged with stalking, armed burglary of a dwelling, attempted armed kidnapping, and criminal mischief for breaking into Berenato's home in Lutz, Florida. Berenato was later given an injunction against "stalking violence".



Louis Chevrolet

Louis-Joseph Chevrolet (; December 25, 1878 – June 6, 1941) was a Swiss racing driver and co-founder of Chevrolet in 1911, and Frontenac in 1916.

Chevrolet was inducted into the following halls of fame:





1998 Russian financial crisis

The Russian financial crisis (also called "Ruble crisis" or the "Russian Flu") hit Russia on 17 August 1998. It made the Russian government devaluing the ruble and defaulting on its debt.
On 17 August 1998, the Russian government devalued the ruble. They also defaulted on domestic debt and declared a
moratorium on payments to foreign creditors.

On 17 August 1998 the government declared in the Joint Statement of the Government of the Russian Federation and the Central Bank of the Russian Federation that the state securities (GKOs and OFZs), with due dates through 31 December 1999, would be changed into new securities. The terms of the GKO/OFZ restructuring were also determined in the following acts:


The financial crisis spread panic throughout the world financial system.
The Russian crisis affected Baltic countries more than expected. Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania sank into recession. Figures for 1999 showed a heavy decline in exports from these countries to Russia, in addition to a big decline in growth rates of these economies. Foods and beverages have suffered the most.
Overall, economic activity slowed down due to the Russian crisis. Output growth has fallen from about 8.5 percent in 1998 to 3.4 percent in 1999. Both exports and imports contracted substantially, resulting in a drop in the current account deficit from a 6.1 percent GDP in 1998 to 2.2 percent in 1999. 

Externally, exports to Russia, which was more than 60 percent of total exports, fell during the second half of 1998 by 10 percent. Demand for Belarusian products was weak through 1999, showing signs of recovery only during the final quarter, with the revival of economic activity in Russia. Also, in the first quarter of 1999, compared to 1998, except for investments, all budget expenditures were smaller. The biggest cuts were made in national security (a 1.9 GDP, compared to 2.5 percent in the first quarter of 1998) and social policy (1.5 and 2.4 percent of GDP, respectively) where expenditures were lowered almost by one third.
The Russian crisis was a hard blow to the Kazakh economy. Kazakhstan lost its pricing competitiveness and its exports were in shambles. On the other hand, cheap Russian goods were coming into here. This killed domestic industries. There was huge pressure on the tenge, the Kazakh currency, and Kazakhstan's balance of payments worsened. However, the NBK continued to keep the value of the tenge. In fact, they had spent close to a billion dollars to keep the level of tenge. Their foreign exchange reserves halved.
Moldova got an IMF special mission advising the government. This was about how to cope with the effects of the Russian crisis. At that time Russia bought 85% of Moldova's wine and brandy, as well as most of its canned goods and tobacco. After the ruble crashed, most Russian importers put deals with Moldova on hold. Moldovan president Petru Lucinschi was quoted as saying that the Russian crisis had cost Moldova as much as five per cent of its GDP. The country's parliament was discussing a program to reduce imports and find new markets outside Russia.
The crisis cost the Ukraine a lot as well: the Hryvnia devaluated by 60%, domestic prices increased by 20%. The National Bank of Ukraine lost 40% of its gross reserves.
The U.S. stock market began to slip in early August 1998. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 984 points, or 11.5%, in 3 days at the end of August, to a level 19% below its July peak. This more than erased the year's market gains. The U.S. stock market remained depressed until October, when a series of interest rate reductions by the Federal Reserve propelled it back upward.
The government banned free unlicensed sales of food. Most of them are imported from Russia. The ban aimed to stop prices rising.

1997 Asian financial crisis

The Asian financial crisis was a period of financial crisis. It gripped much of Asia beginning in July 1997.

Currency pegs and fixed exchange rates: Many Asian countries, including Thailand, South Korea, and Indonesia, had fixed exchange rate regimes or money pegs to the U.S. dollar. This made their currencies vulnerable to speculative attack.

 Rapid capital inflows and excessive borrowing: Asian economies experienced a surge in capital inflows and relied heavily on foreign borrowing, leading to over-investment and unsustainable levels of debt 

 Weak financial systems and corporate governance: short financial regulations, weak banking sectors, and poor corporate governance practices exacerbated the vulnerabilities in the affected economies 

Money reduction: Many Asian currencies experienced significant devaluations, leading to a sharp decline in the value of assets and increased debt burdens for companies with foreign currency liabilities 

 Financial sector failures: Banks and financial institutions faced insolvency and encountered difficulties in meeting their duty, contributing to a severe banking crisis in the region 

 Economic contraction and social impact: The crisis resulted in severe economic contractions, rising unemployment, and social hardships, including increased poverty rates and social unrest in some countries 

International Monetary Fund (IMF) assistance and conditionality: The IMF provided financial assistance to the affected countries, often in exchange for implementing structural reforms, fiscal austerity measures, and financial sector reforms 


Jean Potvin

Jean Rene Potvin (March 25, 1949 – March 15, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Los Angeles Kings, Philadelphia Flyers, New York Islanders, Cleveland Barons, and Minnesota North Stars between 1970 and 1981. Potvin was born in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.

Potvin died on March 15, 2022 a week before his 73rd birthday.

Michaela Jaé Rodriguez

Michaela Antonia Jaé Rodriguez (born January 7, 1991), known professionally as Michaela Jaé Rodriguez and formerly as Mj Rodriguez, is an American actress and singer. Her career began in 2011. She was born in Newark, New Jersey. She said that she had "prayed to become female" beginning at age 7 and came out to her parents as "bisexual and gay" at the age of 14.

Rodriguez began transitioning from the male to female gender after her career began. She took a break from acting during this process. Afterwards, she began looking for female roles instead of male roles. At first she had small roles in "Nurse Jackie", "The Carrie Diaries", and "Luke Cage". 

In 2021, she played Carolyn in the Netflix musical "Tick, Tick... Boom!".

In 2017, Rodriguez was cast as one of the lead roles in the FX television series "Pose". This made her part of the largest cast of transgender actresses to be starring as series regulars in a scripted series. She played Blanca Evangelista. 

In 2021, she became the first transgender woman to earn an Emmy Award nomination in a major acting category for her role as Blanca. In 2022, she won a Golden Globe Award becoming the first transgender actor to win the award.

On June 4, 2021, Rodriguez released her debut single "Something to Say".

Mandy Rose

Amanda Rose Sacomano (born 16 July 1990), is an American professional wrestler. She is best known for her time in the WWE where she wrestled under the ring name Mandy Rose.

Rose began her career in professional fitness competitions in 2013. She became a bodybuilder the next year. In 2015, she finshed the WWE competition "Tough Enough" in second place. After "Tough Enough", she signed a contract with the WWE. Rose became member of the main roster in 2016 after a short time on WWE's development program NXT. Rose worked with Sonya Deville as a member of the tag team "Fire and Desire" and with Deville and Paige in the faction Absolution. She then became a member and leader of NXT's faction Toxic Attraction with Gigi Dolin and Jacy Jayne, and was the the third-longest reigning NXT Women's Champion. She was released in December 2022.

Amanda Rose Sacomano was born in the suburbs of New York City. She is the youngest of four children. Her parents are Irish and Italian parents. As a child, she had he nickname " Hamburg ". She attended Yorktown High School. She later earned a bachelor's degree in speech pathology from Iona College. Rose entered her first fitness competition in 2013. She won first place at the World Bodybuilding Fitness and Fashion Boston Show. She was also the 2014 World Beauty Fitness and Fashion Bikini Champion. 

Rose Sacomano was a contestant in the sixth edition of the "WWE Tough" Enough competition in 2015. In the July 26 episode, she was at risk of being disqualified. Judge The Miz saved her from dismissal. She professionally adopted the name Mandy Rose just before the end of the event. In that event, she was in second place after winners Sarah Lee and Josh Bradell, who lost a match against Alicia Fox. 

After "Tough Enough", Rose signed a five-year deal with the company. She made her in-ring debut for the NWST, the development part of the WWE, at a live event in Venice, Florida on January 30, 2016. On August 18, Rose teamed up with Rose Daria Berenato and Alexa Bliss in the "six-woman tag team". The defeated Carmella, Liv Morgan, and Nikki Glencross. On the September 26 episode of NXT, Rose lost her first television singles match to Ember Moon.

In November 2016, on Raw, Rose, Sonya Deville and Paige attacked Sasha Banks, Bayley, Mickie James and Alexa Bliss. A week later, their name was given as "Absolution". On 19 December, Rose had her first television match on the main roster. At that years "Tribute to Troops" Abolition defeated Baley, James and Banks. On 27 January 2016, Rose was in the first women's Royal Rumble match at the Royal Rumble. She was the first woman to be knocked out of the match after losing to Lita. Rose was in the first "Women's Elimination Chamber Match" in February. Alexa Bliss won the match. In April, Paige was forced to stop wrestling because of an injury to her neck. Paige left Absolution and became the general manager of SmackDown. WrestleMania 34 was Rose's first WrestleMania match. she was in the WrestleMania Women's Battle Royal. Naomi won the match.

Paige later drafted both Rose and Devil to SmackDown during the 2016 superstar shake-up. It was said that the group Abolition was over. Rose still wrestled in many tag team matches with Deville. At WWE Evolution, Rose eliminated Deville from the Battle Royale. In the Survivor Series in November, Rose was a member of the SmackDown team At the same time, Rose began arguing with Naomi. They argued about Rose having an affair with Naomi's husband. Jimmy Uzo. As they continude to fight, Rose and Naomi eliminated each other in the Women's Royal Rumble on January 26, 2019. Rose had lasted 25:50. In February, the two exchanged victories over each other. 

On February 1, Rose and Deville were in the six-team Elimination Chamber match for the first WWE Women's Tag Team Championship. They lost to Sasha Bank and Bayley. She was in the second WrestleMania Women's Battle Royale at WrestleMania 35. Rose then competed in the Money in the Bank ladder match on May 19, 2019. During the match, the Deville was at ringside. She climbed the stairs and tried to help Rose win the match. Bayley fought them both and won the match. On the September 3 episode of "SmackDown", Rose and Devil , as the tag team "Fire and Desire", defeated Alexa Bliss and Nicky Cross. For winning, they got a match at the "Clash of Champions" pay-per-view for the Women's Tag Team Championship. They lost that match to Banks and Bayley.

In December 2019, Rose was helped by Otis during a match. After this, Rose began a romantic affair with Otis. Rose agreed to go on a date with Otis on Valentine's Day. Dolph Ziggler replaces Otis the date. This led to Rose falling in love with Ziggler instead of Otis. A love triangle formed between Otis and Ziggler over Rose. On the 3 April 2020 episode of SmackDown, it was shown that Deville was working with Ziggler to keep Otis away from Rose. At WrestleMania 36, Otis had a match against Ziggler. During the match, Rose attacked Deville and Ziggler. This helped Otis win the match. Rose and Otis kissed after the match. On the May 22 episode of "SmackDown", Rose and Otis lost to Deville and Ziggler in a tag team match.

In July 2021, Rose returned to the NXT brand and the following month, she formed stable with Gigi Dolin and Jacy Jayne, called Toxic Attraction. She colored her hair brown. At on October 26, Rose defeated Raquel González in a Chucky's choice Trick or Street Fight match to win the NXT Women's Championship, the first title in her wrestling career. Earlier that night, Dolin and Jayne won the NXT Women's Tag Team Championship, meaning Toxic Attraction held all women's championships in NXT. On December 5, at WarGames, Rose and Toxic Attraction teamed with Dakota Kai. They were defeated by the team of Cora Jade, Io Shirai, Kay Lee Ray, and González in a WarGames match.

On January 4, 2022, at , Rose defeated Jade and González in a triple threat match to keep the title. At Stand & Deliver, Rose defended her championship against Jade, Ray, and Shirai in a fatal four-way match. During her reign, Rose also defeated Roxanne Perez, Wendy Choo and Zoey Stark. At Worlds Collide, Rose unified the NXT UK Women's Championship with the NXT Women's Championship by defeating NXT UK champion Meiko Satomura and Blair Davenport in a triple threat match.

At Halloween Havoc, Rose defeated Alba Fyre. On October 26, Rose became third woman to hold the title for one full year. On the December 13 episode of "NXT", Rose lost the NXT Women's Championship to Perez in a rematch, ending her reign at 413 days. The next day, Rose was released from her WWE contract. On January 10, 2023, she addressed her release in an episode of "The Tamron Hall Show".
Rose is has been featured in many fitness magazines. They include "Fitness Girls", "Fit & Farm", and "Fitfame". Rose was a member of cast of the fifth season of the WWE reality television series "Total Divas". The fifth season began airing in January 2016. Rose also appeared in four WWE video games: WWE 2K19, 2K20, Battlegrounds and 2K22.

Sacomano has participated in yoga, pilates and crossfit. In April 2016, she said that she was dating wrestler Sabatino Pischitelli, better known as Tino Sabbatelli. 



John Korty

John Korty (June 22, 1936 – March 9, 2022) was an American movie director and animator. He was best known for directing the television movie "The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman", the documentary "Who Are the DeBolts? And Where Did They Get Nineteen Kids?" and the animated movie "Twice Upon a Time". He has won an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature (for "Who Are the DeBolts?"). Korty was born in Lafayette, Indiana. He won two Emmy Awards in 1974 and 1979.

Korty died on March 9, 2022 in Point Reyes Station, California at the age of 85.

Yuriy Prylypko

Yuriy Illich Prylypko (, 11 August 1960 – 7 March 2022) was a Ukrainian politician. He was the mayor of Hostomel from 2015 until 2022. Prylypko was born in Hostomel, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union. 

Prylypko was killed on 7 March 2022 while delivering food and medicine in Hostomel after he was shot by Russian soldiers at age 61.

Battle of Kyiv (2022)

The Battle of Kyiv was a military battle that began on 25 February 2022. The battle is part of the Kyiv offensive in the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine for control of Kyiv, the capital city of Ukraine.

Kyiv TV Tower

The Kyiv TV Tower () is a lattice metal tower in Kyiv, Ukraine. It is the tallest structure in the country. The tower was built in 1973. The tower was the tallest free-standing metal structure in the world until 2012. It is used for radio and television broadcasting and is not open to the public.

Dwarf Mexican tree frog

The dwarf Mexican tree frog ("Tlalocohyla smithii") is a frog that lives in Mexico. It lives in lowlands on the Pacific side (west side) of the mountains. This frog has been observed 1332 meters above sea level.

Hostomel

Hostomel () is a city in Kyiv Oblast, northwest of the capital city of Kyiv. 

Hostomel was badly damaged during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. Russian troops lost a battle at the Hostomel airport. The city was given the title Hero City of Ukraine on 13 March 2022.

Károly Németh (politician)

Károly Németh (14 December 1922 – 12 March 2008) was a Hungarian politician born in Páka. He served as the chairman of the Hungarian Presidential Council from 25 June 1987 to 29 June 1988.

Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party

The Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party (, MSZMP) was the ruling Marxist–Leninist party of the Hungarian People's Republic between 1956 and 1989.

Kendra Horn

Kendra Suzanne Horn (born June 9, 1976) is an American lawyer and politician. She was the U.S. representative for Oklahoma's 5th congressional district from 2019 to 2021. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

She was the first Democratic woman elected to the House from Oklahoma. Horn lost her 2020 re-election bid to Republican Stephanie Bice.

She was the Democratic nominee for the United States Senate in the special election in 2022.

János Kádár

János József Kádár (; ; 26 May 1912 – 6 July 1989), born János József Czermanik, was a Hungarian political leader and the General Secretary of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party.

Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act

The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA), also known as the Bipartisan Infrastructure Bill, and originally in the House as the INVEST in America Act (H.R. 3684), is a United States federal statute passed by the 117th United States Congress and signed into law by President Joe Biden on November 15, 2021.

The act was a infrastructure package that would have given money to a federal-aid highway, transit, highway safety, motor carrier, research, hazardous materials and rail programs of the Department of Transportation. It also focused on funding for broadband access, clean water, electric grid renewal which was $1.2 trillion in spending.

The bill was passed 69–30 by the Senate on August 10, 2021. On November 5, it was passed 228–206 by the House, and ten days later was signed into law by President Biden.

Build Back Better Act

The Build Back Better Bill is a bill introduced in the 117th Congress to support President Joe Biden's Build Back Better Plan. It included the American Jobs Plan and Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, as a $3.5 trillion Democratic package that would focus on climate change and social policy. The price was lowered to about $2.2 trillion. The bill was passed 220–213 by the House of Representatives on November 19, 2021. However, it did not pass the United States Senate since there is no majority support among Democrats and Republicans.

Kamen Rider Kiva

Kamen Rider Kiva is the 2008 "Kamen Rider" Japanese "tokusatsu" television series produced by Toei Company and Ishimori Productions. 
It is the series' ninth season in its Heisei era. It is also the 18th season overall since the debut of "Kamen Rider" in 1971. It premiered on January 27, 2008, following the finale of "Kamen Rider Den-O". It was aired as a part of TV Asahi's 2008 Super Hero Time block with "Engine Sentai Go-onger". The series was known to have Horror movie themes, such as Kamen Rider Kiva being a Vampire. The first episode began with a commemoration of the series in honor of the seventieth anniversary of Shotaro Ishinomori's birthday.








List of minor planets: 154001–155000


List of minor planets: 155001–156000


List of minor planets: 156001–157000


List of minor planets: 157001–158000


List of minor planets: 158001–159000


List of minor planets: 159001–160000


Foras na Gaeilge

Foras na Gaeilge (; abbreviated as FnaG) is a public organisation that promotes the Irish language in the island of Ireland, including both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.

List of minor planets: 160001–161000


Brandon Lewis

Brandon Kenneth Lewis (born 20 June 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician who was Secretary of State for Justice and Lord Chancellor from 6 September to 25 October 2022. He was formerly the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from 2020 to 2022 and has been a Member of Parliament (MP) for Great Yarmouth since 2010.

Minister of State for Security and Borders

The Minister of State for Security and Borders is a ministerial job in the Home Office.

Coat of arms of Ulster

The coat of arms of Ulster have an inescutcheon Argent with a red hand on the coat of arms of the House of Burke.

House of Burgh

The House of Burgh or Burke (; ; ; ; ) was an ancient Anglo-Norman royal dynasty.

Near-Earth Asteroid Tracking

Near-Earth Asteroid Tracking (NEAT) was a program run by NASA and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. They surveyed the sky for near-Earth objects. NEAT was a program from December 1995 until April 2007. It was at GEODSS on Hawaii (Haleakala-NEAT; 566) and at the Palomar Observatory in California (Palomar-NEAT; 644). It discovered more than 40 thousand minor planets. NEAT has been one of the best programs in tracking minor planets.

NEAT was the successor to the Palomar Planet-Crossing Asteroid Survey (PCAS).


.հայ

.հայ is an Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for Armenia.

Kees Witteveen

Kees Witteveen, also written as Cees Witteveen, (14 February 1871 – 23 March 1927) was a Dutch cyclist who was active in the 1890s. He won the silver medal in the amateur motor-paced event at the 1895 ICA Track Cycling World Championships. He won at the Dutch National Road Race Championships the silver medal in 1891, 1894 and 1895.

Hermès

Hermès is a French fashion house founded in 1837. It sells leather goods, furniture, perfume, jewelry, ready-to-wear. 

Luis Hernández (footballer, born 1968)

Luis Arturo Hernández Carreón (born 22 December 1968) is a Mexican former professional footballer who played as a striker and is the fourth all-time leading scorer of the Mexico national team with 35 goals being tied with Carlos Hermosillo, and one of the highest goalscorers in World Cups. He is widely known as one of Mexico's most talented strikers.

Monterrey

Necaxa

LA Galaxy

América

Mexico

Individual


Táin Bó Cúailnge

The Táin Bó Cúailnge ("The Cattle Raid of Cooley") is an ancient Irish story. It is part of a group of stories, the Ulster Cycle or Cuchulain cycle. Ulster is a place in northern Ireland where most of the story happens. Cuchulain is the main hero of the story. According to Professor John Dunn of Catholic University, who wrote an English translation in 1914, the Tain is the Iliad of Ireland.

The "Tain" is the oldest vernacular story in western Europe, meaning the oldest story told in the language that people really spoke (instead of in Latin).

The story was passed down by people telling it out loud, so it may have changed many times. The oldest version of the "Tain" that to be written down is the "Lebor na hUidre" or "Book of the Dun Cow". People at Clonmacnoise wrote it down in the 1100s c.e.

In ancient Ireland, cows were very important. Many of the stories people told were about catching or stealing cows from other people. According to a book written in 1088 c.e., the real-life King Conchobor, who is the king in the Tain, became king of Ireland in 30 c.e.

In part of Ireland called Connacht, Queen Medb and King Ailil joke about which one of them is richer. They look at all their wealth to compare it, from the most valuable gold to the commonest cloth. They find they have almost exactly the same amount. Except King Ailil has one very good bull called Finnbeach ("White-horned"). Queen Medb is sad and disappointed. Then she hears there is a bull as good as Finnbeach nearby in Cúailnge, called Donn Cualnge ("Brown bull of Culange"). She sends her messenger Mac Roth, to the bull's owner and asks to rent it for a year. The owner agrees. But later that night, Medb's men boast that, if the owner had said no, Medb would have sent her army to take the bull by force. This makes the owner angry, and he sends the messenegers away without the bull.

Medb and Ailil take their army into to capture the bull.

The men of Ulster cannot fight back. In an earlier part of the Ulster Cycle, a goddess put a curse on them. For five days every year, warriors born in Ulster feel like they are giving birth to babies. Because of the pain, they cannot fight. However, one warrior was not born in Ulster: Cuchullain.

Cuchullain goes to Medb's army alone. At night, he attacks the sleeping soldiers with his slingshot, killing many. The next day, he makes a deal with Medb's army: They choose one warrior to fight him in one man against one man. If they do this, Cuchullain will not attack them at night. If Cuchullain wins, the army must stay still until the next day. If the other fighter wins, Cuchullain will die.

Medb agrees, saying that it is better to lose one warrior a day than twenty at night. To convince men to fight Cuchullain, Medb promises that anyone who kills him can marry her beautiful daughter, Finnabair. One of the men Medb sends is Cuchullain's foster-father, Fergus. Another is Cuchullain's foster brother and best friend, Ferdiad.

In this way, Cuchullain slows Medb's army almost until King Conchobor and the rest of the warriors feel better. Medb and her army capture many cows and women. Then the two armies fight.

The Ulster Army wins. Then Finnbeach and Dunn Culagne fight too. Dun Culagne wins, and parts of Finnbeach's organs are stuck on his horns. He walks down the river and some of the organs fall off. Different places on the river are named after where the organs fell off the horns.

Later writers read or heard about the "Tain" and it affected their own work. For example, it affected W.B. Yeats, Lady Augusta Gregory, Seamus Heaney, and Frank McCourt.



John Scott (writer)

John Scott (1912–1976) was an American writer. He was in the Soviet Union from 1932 to 1941. His best-known book, "Behind the Urals: An American Worker in Russia's City of Steel", is a memoir of that. Most of his career was as a journalist, book author, and editor with Time Life.


Hatcher Pass

Hatcher Pass (3,886 ft or 1,148 m) is a mountain pass through the southwest part of the Talkeetna Mountains, Alaska with a 60 mile scenic road between Palmer, Alaska and Willow, Alaska. Hatcher Pass is the location of the Independence Mine State Historic Park.

Hatcher Pass was discovered in 1906 by Robert Lee Hatcher. Hatcher found gold in Hatcher Pass and opened the way for mining. Mining companies worked together to help offset the costs as lode mining was expensive. However in 1942, World War II began and gold mining was not needed for war. By 1943, Independence Mine shut down. In 1974, Independence Mine was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.

In November 1957, a B-29 crashed into Bomber Glacier. This is how Bomber Glacier and Bomber Pass got their names. Although the wreckage is there for hikers to see, the trip is hard. Those who make the trip need proper tools to be safe. 

Hatcher Pass is mostly known for the historic Independence Mine. There are also about 16 other mines spread throughout the Pass. Hatcher Pass also has log cabins that can be rented by visitors year round. Hatcher Pass Lodge has the only restaurant in the pass. Throughout the area, hikers can find old cabins that miners lived in.

Hatcher Pass is 60 miles from downtown Anchorage, Alaska. Hatcher Pass is located at the low ridge of the Talkeetna Mountains. Hatcher Pass is closest to the city of Palmer Alaska, 20 miles to the north. The city of Willow Alaska which is 30 miles to the west. Hatcher Pass is 301,210 acres and the road stretches 60 miles long.

Many types of plant life native to Alaska grow in Hatcher Pass. These include Alaska blueberries, Jacob's ladder, cattail, Devil's club, fireweed, forget-me-not, highbush and lowbush cranberry, and salmonberry. Some trees such as Red Alder, Black Cottonwood and White Spruce also grow there.

Animals such as Arctic ground squirrels, red foxes, minks, American black bears, brown bears, caribou, and Moose are native to Hatcher Pass.


There are at least 17 sources of water throughout Hatcher Pass. The largest is the Little Susitna river.

Hatcher Pass is known for having a variety of hiking trails. The trails range from novice, moderate, and difficult. Some areas are recommended for experts only.  


Hatcher Pass offers areas for camping and cabin rentals. The alpine meadows are friendly locations for picnics. Gold panning can still be done in the creeks and rivers. In winter, sledding, skiing, and snowboarding are common winter activities. As of 2020, the state gave Salmonberry Tours the job of managing visitors. Tour companies often give guided tours with guides from the state park management. 

Isthmohyla

Isthmohyla is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. Scienitsts made this genus in 2005 after they looked at Hylidae and decided to make it better. Before 2005, the 15 species in this genus were in the genus "Hyla" instead. They are endemic to Central America in Honduras, Costa Rica, and Panama.

This genus has 14 species in it:

Rogaland

Rogaland () is a county in Western Norway, it is bordering the North Sea to the west.

Bent Høie

Bent Høie (born 4 May 1971) is a Norwegian politician from the Conservative Party who is the county governor of Rogaland since 2021. He previously was the Minister of Health and Care Services from 2013 to 2021, and a member of the Storting from Rogaland from 2000 to 2021.

Minister of Health and Care Services

The Minister of Health and Care Services () is a councilor of state and chief of the Ministry of Health and Care Services.

Comintern

Comintern, officially the Communist International, was an international organization founded in 1919 that promotes world communism, it was funded by the Soviet Union.

ISO 3166-2:HU

ISO 3166-2:HU is the entry for Hungary in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Árpád

Árpád (; 845 – 907) was the head of the confederation of the Magyar tribes around the 9th and 10th centuries.

Hungarian mythology

Hungarian mythology includes the myths, legends, folk tales, fairy tales and gods of the Hungarians (Hungarians), also known as the Magyarok. 

Chakavian

Chakavian or Čakavian is a South Slavic language spoken mainly by Croats who live along the Adriatic coast, in the historical regions of Dalmatia, Istria, Croatian Littoral and parts of Central Croatia. 

Christ Pantocrator

In Christian iconography, Christ Pantocrator () is the very specific depiction of Christ. "Pantocrator" or "Pantokrator", usually translated as "Almighty" or "all-powerful", came from one of many names of God in Judaism.

Great Seal of France

The Great Seal of France () is the official seal of the French Republic. After the 1792 revolution there is the First French Republic, the insignia of the monarchy was removed from the seal.

Pablo Montero

Pablo Montero (August 24, 1974, Torreón, Coahuila), is a Mexican singer and actor, he has participated in soap operas produced by Televisa in different roles.

Montero's main profession is Singing.

Hey, Slavs

"Hey, Slavs" is a patriotic song made for the Slavs which was used as the national anthem of Yugoslavia and later of Serbia and Montenegro. Its tune is based off that of "Poland is Not Yet Lost", the national anthem of Poland.

The song has been translated into all of the major Slavic languages. However, the song was most commonly sung in Yugoslavia.

Nyíregyháza

Nyíregyháza (, ) is a city in northeastern Hungary and the county capital of Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg. 

Azat u ankakh Artsakh

"Free and independent Artsakh" (, ) is the national anthem of Republic of Artsakh, a country in the South Caucasus that is not recognised by many countries. It was adopted in 1992, after the fall of the Soviet Union. The words of the song weee written by Vardan Hakobyan, and the melody was composed by Armen Nasibyan.

The anthem is a poem of four stanzas without the use of refrains. It is written in the Armenian language, the official state language of the Artsakh Republic and the mother tongue of nearly all of its people.

In 2021, Russian became the next official language. This is likely in part due to the close historical ties the Armenian people had with the Russians.

Artsakh dram

The Artsakh dram () is one of the currency used in the Republic of Artsakh (limited recognition). It is legal tender but is not as widely used as the Armenian dram.

List of minor planets: 161001–162000


List of minor planets: 162001–163000


List of minor planets: 163001–164000


List of minor planets: 164001–165000


List of minor planets: 165001–166000


List of minor planets: 166001–167000


Meanings of minor planet names: 165001–166000

Roxana Condurache

Roxana Condurache (born August 28, 1987 in Iași, Romania) is a Romanian actress. She garnered a Genie Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress at the 32nd Genie Awards, for her performance in the Canadian film "The Whistleblower".

BAE Systems Hawk

The BAE Systems Hawk is the fast jet trainer aircraft of the RAF, capable of going 622 mph. The Hawk flew for the first time on 21 August 1974.

Trechnotheria

Trechnotheria is a group of mammals that includes the therians and some fossil mammals from the Mesozoic Era. In the Jurassic through Cretaceous periods, the group was only found in the area which is now modern Asia and Africa.

When the group Trechnotheria was first defined, it was said to be a "superlegion". Since then it has been given many different ranks. Later, a definnition based on nodes was created for Trechnotheria. This clade was imcluded the last common ancestor of "Zhangheotherium" and living therian mammals and all of its descentants.

Like most mammal groups from the Mesozoic Era, early trechnotherians are known mainly from their teeth. One of the features of this group which is the most noticable is their large teeth. The features of the shoulder blade, tibia, humerus, and ankle joint are also used to define which animals are in this clade.


Metrorrey

Metrorrey ("Sistema de Transporte Colectivo Metrorrey") is a light rail/rapid transit system which operates in the city of Monterrey, Nuevo León (Mexico), has been operating since 1991.

It currently operates 50 high-floor trains and a total of 40 stations, spread over 40 (25 mi) kilometers in length and 3 lines. Metrorrey including a Metrobus (division of Bus Transportation).

The following are the travel fares :




Spinning frame

The spinning frame is a machine that spins thread or yarn. The machine was made by John Kay in 1764 and patented in 1769. Kay was employed by Richard Arkwright to make a new spinning machine that Kay had worked on with Thomas Highs, but it is sometimes theorized that Kay may have stolen the machine from Highs.

2022 Kazakh presidential election

The presidential elections were 
held in Kazakhstan in 2022 to elect the President of Kazakhstan. This is the seventh presidential election held since Kazakhstan's independence. Kassym-Jomart Tokayev, who was President before the election, was elected again, receiving 81% of the vote. His closest challenger, Jiguli Dairabaev of the Auyl Party, received just 3%.

In September 2022, during his annual Address to the nation Tokayev made many proposals. Two of the main proposals that were later approved were: holding snap elections in the autumn of 2022 and extending the presidential term from 5 years to 7 years, but banning re-election.

All presidential contestants challenging Tokayev were described as "pocket candidates", because of their lack of popularity and obscurity.



Gabriel Lippmann

Jonas Ferdinand Gabriel Lippmann (16 August 1845 – 13 July 1921) was a Franco-Luxembourgish physicist and inventor. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on color photography.

Gabriel Lippmann was born in Bonnevoie, Luxembourg (Luxembourgish: Bouneweg), on 16 August 1845. At that time, Bonnevoie was part of the commune of Hollerich. Bonnevoie is now a district of Luxembourg City.) His father, Isaïe was a French Jew. He managed the family glove-making business. In 1848, the family moved to Paris. At first, Lippmann was tutored by his mother, Miriam Rose (Lévy). He later studied at the Lycée Napoléon (now Lycée Henri-IV). In school, Lippmann did not do well at paying attention. He did have a special interest in mathematics. In 1868, he was admitted to the École normale supérieure in Paris, In 1872, the French government sent him to Heidelberg University. He was able to specialize in electricity Lippmann receiving a doctorate with "summa cum laude" distinction in 1874. Lippmann then returned to Paris in 1875. he continued to study until 1878. He then became professor of physics at the Sorbonne.

Lippmann made important contributions to different areas of physics.

One of Lippmann's early discoveries was the relationship between electrical and capillary phenomena. This let him create a sensitive capillary electrometer. It became known as the Lippmann electrometer. This device was used in the first ECG machine. 

In 1881, Lippmann predicted the converse piezoelectric effect.

Lippmann is remembered as the inventor of a way to reproducing colors by photography. It is based on the interference phenomenon. This work earned him the Nobel Prize in Physics for 1908.

In 1886, Lippmann's interest turned to a method of creating the colors of the solar spectrum on a photographic plate. On 2 February 1891, he told the Academy of Sciences: "I have succeeded in obtaining the image of the spectrum with its colors on a photographic plate whereby the image remains fixed and can remain in daylight without deterioration." By April 1892, he said that he had succeeded in creating color images of a stained glass window, a group of flags, a bowl of oranges topped by a red poppy and a colorful parrot. 

The interference phenomenon in optics is a result of the wave propagation of light. When light of a given wavelength is reflected at itself by a mirror, standing waves are created. This is similar to the ripples that are caused when a stone is dropped into water. A standing waves is created when the waves are reflected back at themselves by a surface such as the wall of a pool. In the case of normal incoherent light, the standing waves can only be seen in an extremely small area of space next to the reflecting surface.

Lippmann projected an image onto a special photographic plate. The plate was able to record details smaller than the wavelengths of visible light. The light passed through a glass sheet into a very thin and almost transparent photographic emulsion. The emulsion containing extremely small silver halide grains. A temporary mirror of liquid mercury reflected the light back through the emulsion/ This created standing waves. The nodes almost no effect but their antinodes created an image. After development, the result was distinct parallel layers made up of submicroscopic metallic silver grains. These layers were a permanent record of the standing waves. In each part of the image, the spacing of the layers corresponded to the half-wavelengths of the light photographed.

Light was shone on the finished plate at a nearly perpendicular angle. Daylight or another source of white light was used. At each point on the plate, light of the same wavelength as the light which had created the layers was reflected back toward the viewer. Light of other wavelengths passed through the emulsion. The wavelengths (colors) of the light which had formed the original image created a full-color image.

In practice, the Lippmann process was not easy to use. Higher resolution needed smaller grains. Smaller grains were less affected by light so they needed to be exposed to the light for a longer amount of time. With a lens with a large opening and a very brightly sunlit subject, a camera exposure of less than one minute were rare. Exposures measured in minutes were normal. Pure colors photographed well, but the colors of real-world objects could be a problem to photograph. The process could not make color prints on paper. It was not possible to make a good copy of a Lippmann color photograph by rephotographing it. The requirements needed to see the colors to best effect meant the photographs could not be used for casual use. 

Lippmann also invented the coelostat. It is a tool used in astronem that compensated for the rotation of the Earth. This lets people photograph areas of the sky without apparent movement.
Lippmann married the daughter of the writer Victor Cherbuliez in 1888. He died on 13 July 1921 aboard the steamer "France" after leaving Canada.



Protocol (movie)

Protocol is a 1984 American comedy movie directed by Herbert Ross and starring Goldie Hawn, Chris Sarandon, Andre Gregory, Gail Strickland, Cliff DeYoung, Ed Begley, Jr., Kenneth Mars, Joel Brooks. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


My Six Loves

My Six Loves is a 1963 American comedy movie directed by first time director Gower Champion and was based on the novel of the same name by Peter Funk. It stars Debbie Reynolds, Cliff Robertson, David Janssen, Eileen Heckart, Hans Conried, John McGiver, Max Showalter, Pippa Scott, Barry Livingston and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Marina Ovsyannikova

Marina Ovsyannikova (Russian: Мари́на Овся́нникова) is a Russian TV producer who worked at the Channel One Russia TV channel. She worked for Russia's main evening newscast Vremya since the beginning of the 2000s. In 2022, she interrupted a state-controlled Russian TV news broadcast to protest against the Russian invasion of Ukraine, which made international news headlines. She was arrested, held without access to her lawyer and fined. On the afternoon after the protest, she was free to go.
Her husband Igor Ovsyannikov, is a director at Russia Today.

She lives in France (as of 2023).

On 14 March 2022, during a live broadcast related to the Russian invasion of Ukraine on the evening news programme Vremya, which had millions of viewers, she showed up behind the news anchor, Ekaterina Andreeva, carrying a poster that said in a mix of Russian and English:
Ovsyannikova shouted:

Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Ovsyannikova during one of his broadcasts. French president Emmanuel Macron said that Ovsyannikova can get protection at the French embassy or through asylum. Russian government spokesman Dmitry Peskov said that her protest was "hooliganism."

Mahogany tree frog

The mahogany tree frog or loquacious tree frog ("Tlalocohyla loquax") is a frog that lives in Mexico, Honduras, Costa Rica, and Nicaragua.

This frog lives in places where there is water in the air. Scientists have seen it 1000 meters above sea level and below.

The adult male frog is 33 to 45 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 38 to 47 mm long. This frog has bright yellow color on its back. It has bright red near its rear end and sides. This frog can change color. It shows its yellow and orange at night. During the day, it is almost white. This frog looks for food at night. The front feet and back feet have webbing on them.

This frog lays eggs in deep bodies of water. The female lays about 250 eggs at a time. The eggs stick to plants on the surface. After the tadpoles hatch, they swim to the deepest water.

This frog is not in danger of dying out because it can live in many places where the water is deep so long as there are some plants. Many of the places where the frog lives are in protected areas where the government does not allow humans to build things.

The Little Mermaid (2023 movie)

The Little Mermaid is an American musical fantasy movie directed by Rob Marshall from a screenplay written by Jane Goldman and David Magee. It is produced by Walt Disney Pictures, Rob Marshall, John DeLuca, Marc Platt and Lin-Manuel Miranda, the latter whom co-wrote new songs for the remake as the lyricist, Alan Menken is set to return as the composer for both the score and the songs. It is a live-action adaptation of the 1989 animated film of the same name, which itself is loosely based on Hans Christian Andersen's tale of the same name. The film stars Halle Bailey as Ariel, Jonah Hauer-King as Eric, Javier Bardem and Melissa McCarthy as Ursula, with Daveed Diggs, Jacob Tremblay as Flounder, and Awkwafina in a voice role.

"The Little Mermaid" was released in the United States on May 26, 2023.

A young mermaid makes a deal with a sea witch: trading her beautiful voice to get human legs so she can discover the world above water.

Ton Koopman

Ton Koopman (born Antonius Gerhardus Michael Koopman; ; 2 October 1944), is a Dutch conductor, organist, harpsichordist, and musicologist. He is the founder and director of the Amsterdam Baroque Orchestra & Choir. In 2005, he finished recording all of Johann Sebastian Bach's cantatas. He has also recorded all of Dietrich Buxtehude's music.


List of minor planets: 167001–168000


Battle of Brovary

The Battle of Brovary was a battle that started on 9 March 2022. It was a part of the Kyiv offensive during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. The battle took place near the city of Brovary. Brovary is to the east of the capital city of Ukraine, Kyiv.

On the evening of 9 March, Russian armoured vehicles were coming towards Brovary on the Highway M01. The armoured vehicles were the 6th and 239th Tank Regiments of the 90th Guards Tank Division. They were going very slowly. Some of them were very old vehicles, like T-72 tanks which were designed 49 years before the battle. They are not very good and are outdated. Also, in the front of the group of vehicles were TOS-1s. They were very vulnerable. Ukrainian forces saw this and attacked. They disabled the tanks and armored personnel carriers. The Russians retreated. This is because they had lost a large amount of soldiers and equipment. The Russian commander, Andrei Zakharov, was killed in the battle.

On 12 March, Russia said that its troops disabled the Ukrainian military's main centre for communications and intelligence that were in Brovary. The mayor of Brovary, Ihor Sapozhko, however said, "We are ready for them."

2022 Zhytomyr attacks

The Zhytomyr attack was an attack on the airport of Zhytomyr against civilians. It was on on 27 February 2022. It was a part of the Kyiv offensive of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. The airport was from the capital city of Ukraine, Kyiv. It was near the town of Zhytomyr, Zhytomyr Oblast. Russia used 9K720 Iskander missiles that were from in Belarus. Attacks on the city were afterwards in March.

On March 1 late in the evening, Russian troops hit a residential part of the city. 10 buildings on the Shukhevych street were damaged. A hospital was also damaged. A few bombs were dropped. At least two civilian Ukrainians were killed. Three were injured.

On March 2, shells hit a regional perinatal center. Some private houses were also hit.

On March 4, rockets hit the 25th Zhytomyr school. Half of it was destroyed. Later that evening, the "Ozerne and Zhytomyr Armored Plant" was under fire. Two people were injured.

On March 8, a dormitory was hit after an airstrike. The Isovat factory was damaged.

On March 9, the city Ozerne district went under fire. It was on the very outside of the city.

Meanings of minor-planet names

This is a list of minor planets that have been named officially. They are named by the Working Group Small Body Nomenclature (WGSBN) of the International Astronomical Union (IAU). The list is of pages that are not complete. Each page covers 1000 minor planets. All pages that exist are in .

There are hundreds of thousands numbered minor planets. Very few are named, however. , there are 23,081 named minor planets. There are 600,000 numbered ones. Most of the minor planets are named after people. Most of them were astronomers. Many of them are things from mythology or fiction. Many minor planets are also named after places. These can be things like cities, towns, villages, mountains, volcanoes, rivers, observatories, organizations, clubs and astronomical societies. Some are named after animals and plants. A few minor planets are named after other things such as supercomputers and some origins are unknown.

The first few thousand minor planets have all been named. The near-Earth asteroid (4596) 1981 QB is the lowest-numbered unnamed minor planet. The first 3 pages in the table contain 1,000 named entries each. The first 13 and 33 pages contain at least 500 and 100 named entries each. The first range to contain no entries is . There are also many name conflicts with other astronomical objects. The name conflicts are usually with with planetary satellites. 

After the discovering astronomer discovers a planet, they can ask for that planet to be named a specific way. New minor planet names are approved and published by IAU's WGSBN many times every year. The WGSBN has a set of rules for naming minor planets. These are from syntax restrictions to non-offensive meanings. Over the years the rules have changed many times. In the beginning, for example, most minor planets were named after female characters from Greek and Roman mythology.

This is a list of all partial lists on the meanings of minor planets (MoMP). Each table has 100,000 minor planets. Each cell is a list of 1,000 numbered minor planets in order. Grayed out cells do not yet have any named minor planets. For an introduction, "see ".



Polksville, Kentucky

Polksville is an unincorporated community in Bath County, Kentucky, United States. Polksville is on U.S. Route 60. It is northwest of Salt Lick.

Kamen Rider Decade

Kamen Rider Decade ("Masked Rider DCD") is the title of first installment of the 2009 editions of the long-running Kamen Rider Series of tokusatsu dramas.

Super Hero Time aired alongside "Samurai Sentai Shinkenger".






Hearst Media Production Group

The Hearst Media Production Group (formerly Litton Entertainment) is an American media and production company based in New York City, New York. It is a division of the Hearst Television subsidiary of Hearst Communications. They have three additional offices in Boston, Washington, D.C., and Burbank, California. Many of HMPG's programs comply with educational and informational requirements.

Litton formerly had three operating divisions:


List of minor planets: 168001–169000


List of minor planets: 169001–170000


List of minor planets: 170001–171000


Bipalium

Bipalium is a genus of large predatory land planarians. They are often called "hammerhead worms" or "broadhead planarians" because of their head shape. Several species are considered as invasive to the United States and Europe. Some studies have been done on the evolution and ecology in these planarians.

The name "Bipalium" comes from Latin "bi-", “two” + "pala", “shovel” or “spade”. This is because their heads look like a pickaxe.

The genus "Bipalium" currently has the following species:
"Bipalium" species are predatory. Some species eat earthworms. Others eat mollusks. These flatworms can track their prey. When they eat earthworms, they begin to react to the attack. The flatworm then uses the muscles in its body to attach itself to the earthworm to make it so it can't escape.

Reproduction in "Bipalium" may be asexual or sexual. All species are hermaphroditic.

"B. adventitium" reproduces sexually. They make egg capsules which hatch about 3 weeks later. The egg capsules have a tough outside. They usually have multiple children.

"B. kewense" sometimes are seen using egg capsules as a primary method of reproduction. Asexual reproduction is its main reproductive strategy in temperate climates. Many of them never get sexual organs. Children of this species aren't the same colors as their parents when they are young. This is unlike other species.

In 2014, tetrodotoxin, a very dangerous neurotoxin, was found in "B. adventitium" and "B. kewense". It is the first record of tetrodotoxin in terrestrial invertebrates.


Chin Han

Ng Chin Han (Chinese:黄经汉, pinyin "Huáng Jīnghàn"; born 27 November 1969) is a Singaporean actor of stage, movie, television, whose career has spanned more than 20 years. he is one of the most prolific Asian actors in Hollywood.

Heinkel He 112

The Heinkel He 112 is a German fighter aircraft designed for World War II.

There where 103 aircraft build, and used by the luftwaffe.

A few Heinkel He 112 where send to other countries like Hungary, Romania and Japan.

The engine is a German Junkers Jumo 210Da. 

It has 2 MG 17 machine guns and 2 MG FF cannon.


AeroAndina MXP-158 Embera

The AeroAndina MXP-158 Embera is a Colombian ultralight aircraft that was designed and produced by AeroAndina.

It can fit 2 people and has a Rotax 912 engine.


David Osepashvili

David Osepashvili (; born 3 December 1965) is a Georgian political scientist, politician, public relations and media specialist. 
He graduated from Iv. Javakhishvili Tbilisi State University. He majored in Political Science. 
At different times he worked in governmental and state agencies. In both governmental and non-governmental sectors, he worked in information monitoring, including public opinion and policy research. He has relevant organizational experience. He also gives classes to students. In addition, he has a close relationship with the nongovernmental sector and government organizations.

David worked for many years in various government agencies as a chief adviser in public relations and communications, political adviser, leading analyst, chief specialist, area coordinator, expert consultant, editor-in-chief, lecturer, and in other positions.
David Osepashvili worked for such institutions as the Presidential Administration of Georgia, Ministry of Internal Affairs , Ministry of Culture, State Information Service, Tbilisi Office of Assembly, Tbilisi City Hall Administration, State Department of Youth Affairs, Millennium Challenge Georgia (MCG-MCC), Imedi TV , Public Broadcaster “First Channel”, Georgian Radio, etc.
He joined the project “Civil Servant against Corruption" implemented under the sponsorship of the Open Society Georgia Foundation. He was awarded the educational grant of state employees of Tbilisi local government. 

He also joined an international program in Tel Aviv. It was organized by the Agency for International Development Cooperation MASHAV of Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Israel for the “Development of small and medium-sized businesses”. 
He has broad experience both in political activities and in relations with the press and television. There are many publications and interviews in the press, comments, and interviews on TV shows.


Area codes 301 and 240

Area codes 301 and 240 are area codes that are part of Maryland. Area code 301 is one of the earliest area codes that were made in 1947. It initially covered the entire state until 1991, which is when it was split by 410, which covers the eastern part of the state, while 301 now covers the western portion of the state, including College Park, the Washington, St. Mary's, Prince George's, Allegany, Charles, Garrett, and Montgomery counties. It was overlaid by 240 in 1997. That same area will be overlaid by 227 on June 14, 2023.

Area code 303

Area code 303 is an area code that is part of Colorado. It is one of the earliest area codes ever made in 1947. It used to cover the entire state of Colorado, but after it was split by 719 in 1988 and 970 in 1995, it now covers the middle area of the state, specifically in the Denver and Boulder area. It was overlaid by 720 in 1998. That area was also overlaid by 983 on June 17, 2022.

Area codes 304 and 681

Area code 304 and 681 are area codes in West Virginia. Area code 304 was one of the earliest area codes created in 1947. It still covers the entire state. It was overlaid by 681 on March 28, 2009. There was a permissive dialing period which commenced on July 26, 2008 and ended on February 27, 2009, at which point ten-digit dialing became mandatory.

Area codes 305 and 786

Area codes 305 and 786 are area code that cover Florida. Area code 305 is one of the earliest area codes ever created in 1947. It used to cover the entire state, but after it was split by 813 in 1953, 904 in 1965, 407 in 1988, and 954 in 1995, it now covers the far southern portion of Florida, specifically the Miami section of Florida. It was overlaid by 786 in 1998. That same area will be overlaid by 645 on August 4, 2023.

Ferenc Gyurcsány

Ferenc Gyurcsány (born 4 June 1961) is a Hungarian politician who served as the Prime Minister of Hungary from 2004 to 2009. He is a member of the Hungarian Socialist Party and was elected to parliament in 2002.

Gyurcsány was born on June 4, 1961, in Pápa, Hungary. He studied economics at the Budapest University of Economics and later earned a PhD in the same field from the University of Pécs.

Gyurcsány began his political career in the early 1990s, when he was appointed as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of a state-owned construction company. He later became involved in the leadership of the MSZP and was elected to parliament in 2002.

In 2004, Gyurcsány was elected as Prime Minister of Hungary after his party won a landslide victory in the parliamentary elections. His government pursued a program of economic and social reforms aimed at reducing Hungary's budget deficit and promoting growth.

Gyurcsány's government introduced a number of measures aimed at improving Hungary's fiscal position and stimulating economic growth. These measures included the introduction of a flat tax system, the privatization of state-owned enterprises, and the reform of the pension system.

Gyurcsány's government faced several challenges during its time in power, including a series of corruption scandals and accusations of economic mismanagement. In 2006, Gyurcsány was caught on tape admitting that his government had lied to the public about the state of Hungary's economy in the run-up to the 2006 elections.

The tape sparked widespread protests and calls for Gyurcsány's resignation. However, he refused to step down and instead called for a referendum on his government's economic policies. The referendum was unsuccessful, and Gyurcsány remained in power until 2009, when his party was defeated in the parliamentary elections.

Following his resignation as Prime Minister, Gyurcsány remained active in politics and founded a new political party, the Democratic Coalition, in 2011. The party has since become a prominent opposition force in Hungarian politics, advocating for progressive economic policies and democratic values.

Overall, Gyurcsány is a controversial figure in Hungarian politics, with some viewing him as a competent and committed leader, while others criticize him for his role in the economic and political turmoil that characterized his time as Prime Minister. Nonetheless, he remains an influential figure in the Hungarian political landscape and continues to advocate for reform and democratic values.

Ferenc Gyurcsány is a Hungarian businessman and politician who served as the Prime Minister of Hungary from 2004 to 2009. He was born on June 4, 1961, in Pápa, Hungary. He grew up in a working-class family, and his father was a factory worker. Gyurcsány attended the University of Pécs, where he studied economics and later pursued further studies in the United States. He began his career in business, starting his own company before entering politics in the early 2000s.

After stepping down as Prime Minister of Hungary in 2009, Ferenc Gyurcsány returned to politics in 2010. He founded the Democratic Coalition (DK), a center-left political party, and was elected as its leader. In the 2014 European Parliament elections, DK won two seats, and Gyurcsány became a Member of the European Parliament. He has been a vocal critic of the current Hungarian government and has been involved in various protests and demonstrations against Prime Minister Viktor Orbán's administration. Gyurcsány has been a prominent figure in Hungarian politics, and his return to the political arena has reinvigorated the opposition movement.

Ferenc Gyurcsány served as the Prime Minister of Hungary from 2004 to 2009. During his tenure, he implemented several economic and social reforms, including the introduction of a flat tax system and the expansion of healthcare coverage. His government also pursued a pro-European Union and pro-Atlantic foreign policy, and Hungary joined the Schengen Area during his time in office. However, his administration was marred by several controversies, including the leaking of a speech in which he admitted to lying about the state of Hungary's economy in order to win the 2006 election. The speech sparked widespread protests and calls for his resignation, and his popularity plummeted. He resigned in 2009, and his party, the Hungarian Socialist Party, was soundly defeated in the subsequent election.

After stepping down as Prime Minister of Hungary in 2009, Ferenc Gyurcsány has remained active in politics and business. He founded the Democratic Coalition (DK), a center-left political party, and has been a vocal critic of the current Hungarian government led by Prime Minister Viktor Orbán. Gyurcsány has been involved in various protests and demonstrations against the Orbán administration and has been a key figure in the opposition movement. In addition to his political work, he has also been involved in business, serving as the CEO of Altus Zrt., an investment company. Gyurcsány's continued involvement in Hungarian politics and business has made him one of the most prominent and influential figures in the country.

Ferenc Gyurcsány was born on June 4, 1961, in Pápa, Hungary. He is married and has four children. His wife, Klára Dobrev, is a politician and member of the European Parliament. Gyurcsány is known for his love of sports, particularly basketball, and he has been involved in several sports-related initiatives in Hungary. He is also a published author, having written several books on politics and economics, including "Tűzszünet" ("Ceasefire"), which chronicles his time as Prime Minister of Hungary. Gyurcsány's personal life has been relatively private, and he has largely kept his family out of the public eye.

Ferenc Gyurcsány has faced significant criticism throughout his political career. One of the most controversial moments came in 2006, when a leaked recording of a speech revealed him admitting to lying about the state of the economy in order to win the election. The admission sparked widespread protests and calls for his resignation, and his popularity plummeted. He was also criticized for his government's handling of the 2008 financial crisis and the subsequent recession. Gyurcsány has also been accused of corruption, with some alleging that he used his position for personal gain. Finally, he has been criticized for his confrontational style and for his vocal opposition to the current Hungarian government, which has led some to accuse him of being divisive and obstructive.

IDN

IDN can refer to:





Emil Constantinescu

Emil Constantinescu (born 19 November 1939) is a Romanian professor and politician. He was the President of Romania, from 1996 to 2000

Erhan Albayrak

Erhan Albayrak (born 5 April 1977) is a Turkish football manager and former player who last managed FSV Duisburg.

Kocaelispor


Citrus greening disease

Citrus greening disease is a plant disease. It infects citrus plants. This includes oranges and lemons. The disease is caused by the bacteria "Candidatus Liberibacter". The bacteria is carried by the insect "Diaphorina citri". The diseases is also called huanglongbing (from ).

Lucero (entertainer)

Lucero (August 29, 1969, Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican singer, songwriter and actress, she has participated in different soap operas, mainly on Televisa, she knows how to sing in three different languages (Spanish, English and Portuguese).

She is popularly known as "La Novia de América" (The Girlfriend of the Americas).

Notes



São Bento Palace

São Bento Palace ( "Saint Benedict's Palace") in Lisbon is the seat of the Assembly of the Portuguese Republic, the parliament of the Portuguese Republic.

Area code 406

Area code 406 is an area code for Montana. It was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It still covers the entire state of Montana. It is one of the longest area codes to cover the entire state without being split or overlaid.

Lisbon Metro

The Lisbon Metro () is the rapid transit system in Lisbon, Portugal. It opened in December 1959 and was the first metro system in Portugal.
As of 2023, the system's four lines have a total length of and a total of 56 metro stations.

King of Mann

The King of Mann () was the title given to the king who ruled over the Kingdom of Mann. Isle of Man is located in the Irish Sea, at the centre of the British Isles. Since 1504, the head of state has been known as the Lord of Mann.

List of minor planets: 171001–172000


List of minor planets: 172001–173000


List of minor planets: 173001–174000


List of minor planets: 174001–175000


List of minor planets: 175001–176000


105

Year 105 (CV) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Candidus and Iulius (or, less commonly, year 858 "Ab urbe condita"). Writing 105 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the normal method in Europe for naming years.



Ransom E. Olds

Ransom Eli Olds (June 3, 1864 – August 26, 1950), was an American Automotive Industry Pioneer and founder of Oldsmobile and REO Motor Car Company.

He is considered the Father of the modern Assembly Line, where he would mass-produce the Oldsmobile Curved Dash between 1901 and 1907.


In 1972, the family's mausoleum was vandalized and remains were taken.


A World Apart (movie)

A World Apart is a 1988 British Zimbabwean drama movie directed by first time director Chris Menges and starring Jodhi May, Barbara Hershey, David Suchet, Jeroen Krabbé, Linda Mvusi, Tim Roth, Adrian Dunbar, Sally Farmiloe, Yvonne Bryceland, Kate Fitzpatrick.


Yuxisaurus

Yuxisaurus is an extinct genus of basal armoured (thyreophoran) dinosaurs. Its remains were found in the Lower Jurassic of southwestern China. The type species is Yuxisaurus kopchicki. The find was in Yuxi, Yunnan Province, China. The holotype of the taxon, CVEB 21701, is a partial skeleton including parts of the skull and at least 120 osteoderms.

It is a typical Ankylosaur in its general appearance and probable lifestyle. The discovery of "Yuxisaurus" shows that thyreophorans were present in what is now Asia during the early Jurassic. Their later spread is not surprising, considering that all the continents were so close together.

Battle of Bamber Bridge

The Battle of Bamber Bridge, which took place in June 1943 during the World War Two in the English village of Bamber Bridge, Lancashire, United Kingdom was an outbreak of racial violence between black and white American forces stationed there. The incident began when white Military Police (MPs) sought to arrest several African American soldiers from the racially segregated 1511th Quartermaster Truck Regiment at the Ye Olde Hob Inn public house in Bamber Bridge, only days after the 1943 Detroit race riot.

The United Kingdom was not racially segregated, and it was against the British law to drive the Afro-American soldiers away from the pub.

Black troops armed themselves with weapons from their base armory after the arrival of more military police armed with machine guns. Throughout the night, both sides exchanged fire. Several MPs and troops were hurt, and one black soldier was killed.

Isthmohyla pictipes

The Pico Blanco tree frog ("Isthmohyla pictipes") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica. It lives in three places, all between 1920 and 2770 meters above sea level.

Hylaeosaurus

Hylaeosaurus was a herbivorous ankylosaurian dinosaur which lived about 136  million years ago in the early Cretaceous period of England.

It was discovered in 1832 by Gideon Mantell. In 1842 it was one of the three dinosaurs Richard Owen based the Dinosauria on. Only limited remains have been found of "Hylaeosaurus" and much of its anatomy is unknown. A recent cladistic analysis sees it as a basal ankylosaurid.

"Hylaeosaurus" was about five metres long. It was an armoured dinosaur that carried at least three long spines on its shoulder.

Yuri Vechkasov

Yuri Ivanovich Vechkasov (; 6 June 1948 – 17 March 2022) was a Russian politician. He was in the Federation Council from 1996 to 2001. 

Vechkasov died in Penza, Russia on 17 March 2022 at the age of 73.

Elsa Papadimitriou

Elsa Papadimitriou (; 16 February 1942 – 17 March 2022) was a Greek politician. She was a member of the New Democracy party. She was in the Hellenic Parliament from 1993 to 2011. 

Papadimitriou died in Athens, Greece on 17 March 2022 at the age of 80.

Martha Palafox Gutiérrez

Martha Palafox Gutiérrez (23 February 1949 – 17 March 2022) was a Mexican politician. She was a member of the Labor Party. She was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1997 until 2000 and again from 2003 until 2006. Palafox Gutiérrez was born in Huamantla, Mexico. She was a Senator from 2012 until 2018, representing Tlaxcala.

Palafox Gutiérrez died on 17 March 2022 in Huamantla at the age of 73.

Huamantla

Huamantla () is a small city in Huamantla Municipality in the eastern half of the Mexican state of Tlaxcala.


Wira Gardiner

Sir Harawira "Wira" Tiri Gardiner (4 September 1943 – 17 March 2022) was a New Zealand soldier, public servant and writer. He was Māori. Gardiner's public service career spanned 38 years from 1983 to 2021. During that time he was founding director of the Waitangi Tribunal.

In 2012, Gardiner was hospitalized for pancreatic cancer-like symptoms. He died at his home in Gisborne, New Zealand on 17 March 2022, aged 78.

Clemens Cornielje

Clemens Gerard Antoon Cornielje (10 June 1958 – 17 March 2022) was a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), political consultant and teacher.

From 1994 until 2005, Cornielje was a member of the House of Representatives, and from 2005 until 2019, Queen's/King's Commissioner of Gelderland.

He was a Roman Catholic and openly gay. 

Cornielje was born in Lobith and diagnosed with brain cancer in 2017. He died from this illness in Arnhem at the age of 63.

Emmett C. Burns Jr.

Emmett Charles Burns Jr. (August 26, 1940 – March 17, 2022) was an American Democratic Party politician. He was a member of the Maryland House of Delegates from 1995 until 2015. Burns Jr. was born in Jackson, Mississippi.

Burns Jr. died on March 17, 2022 in Baltimore, Maryland at the age of 81.

Peter Bowles

Peter Bowles (16 October 1936 – 17 March 2022) was an English actor. He was born in London. His career began in 1956 and he retired in 2021. Bowles was known for his roles in "Rumpole of the Bailey", "To the Manor Born" and "The Bounder".

Bowles died in London on 17 March 2022 from cancer, aged 85.

Helene Vannari

Helene Vannari (20 March 1948 – 16 March 2022) was an Estonian actress. Her career began in 1970 and she retired in 2021. She was honored with the Order of the White Star. She began working on stage with the Tallinn City Theatre in 1976.

Vannari died on 16 March 2022 in Tallinn, Estonia, four days before her 74th birthday.

Ralph Terry

Ralph Willard Terry (January 9, 1936 – March 16, 2022) was an American right-handed starting pitcher. She played twelve seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for the New York Yankees, Kansas City Athletics, Cleveland Indians, and New York Mets from 1956 to 1967. Terry was born in Big Cabin, Oklahoma.

On December 31, 2021 Terry was hospitalized after hitting his head after falling in Larned, Kansas. He died almost three months later on March 16, 2022 at the age of 86.

Kunimitsu Takahashi

Takahashi was diagnosed with lymphoma in 2020. He died from the disease in Tokyo on 16 March 2022, aged 82.

Barbara Morrison

Barbara Morrison (September 10, 1949 – March 16, 2022) was an American jazz singer. 

During her career, she worked with Gerald Wilson, Dizzy Gillespie, Ray Charles, Ron Carter, Etta James, Esther Phillips, David T. Walker, Dr. John, Kenny Burrell, Terence Blanchard, Joe Sample, Cedar Walton, Nancy Wilson, Joe Williams, Tony Bennett, Keb' Mo, Count Basie Orchestra, Clayton-Hamilton Orchestra and Doc Severinsen.

In early March 2022, Morrison was hospitalized for cardiovascular disease in Los Angeles, California. She died on March 16, 2022, at the age of 72.

Tony Marchi

Anthony Marchi (21 January 1933 – 15 March 2022) was an English football player and manager. Marchi played for Tottenham Hotspur in the position of wing half from 1950 until 1965.

Marchi died at the age of 89 on 15 March 2022 at a hospital in Chelmsford, England.

Tottenham Hotspur

Aero &amp; Tech Nexth

The Aero & Tech Nexth is an Italian Ultralight aircraft. It was introduced in 2011.

It uses a Rotax 912ULS engine. The aircraft is still in production.


Vic Fazio

Victor Herbert Fazio Jr. (October 11, 1942 – March 16, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives for California from 1979 to 1999. Fazio was also a member of the California State Assembly from 1975 until 1978. He was also Chair of the House Democratic Caucus from 1995 until 1999. Fazio was born in Winchester, Massachusetts.

Fazio died on March 16, 2022 at his home in Arlington, Virginia from melanoma at the age of 79.


Dzintars Jaundžeikars

Dzintars Jaundžeikars (14 February 1956 – 16 March 2022) was a Latvian politician. He was a member of the LPP/LC and a deputy from 2002 until 2010. Jaundžeikars was also Minister of the Interior of Latvia from 3 November 2005 to 7 November 2006.

Jaundžeikars died on 16 March 2022 at the age of 66.

Anneli Sauli

Anneli Sauli (6 August 1932 – 15 March 2022) was a Finnish actress. She appeared in more than 40 movies from 1953 until 2020. She was in the movie "Miriam", which was entered into the 8th Berlin International Film Festival. She was born in Pyhäjoki, Finland.

Sauli died on 15 March 2022 in Helsinki, Finland at the age of 89.

Toretsk

Toretsk (; ) is a city of oblast significance in Donetsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine. In 2021, 31,413 people lived there.

Norrskedika

Norrskedika is a locality in Östhammar Municipality in Uppsala County in Sweden. In 2010, 214 people lived there.

Book of 1 Samuel

The Book of 1 Samuel is a part of the Bible. It is found in the Old Testament. It is about God being faithful even when his followers do the wrong thing. Some things that happen in this book are Hannah's thankfulness song and David's song praising God. 


Talant

Talant is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department. It is a suburb of Dijon.

Jürgen W. Heike

Jürgen W. Heike (9 March 1949 – 15 March 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria. He was in the Landtag of Bavaria from 1994 to 2018. 

Heike died in Neustadt bei Coburg, Germany on 15 March 2022 at the age of 73.

Cabo Anselmo

José Anselmo dos Santos (13 February 1942 – 15 March 2022), known as Cabo Anselmo ("Corporal Anselmo"), was a Brazilian military officer. He was the leader of the Sailors' Revolt, which started the 1964 Brazilian coup d'état.

Anselmo died on 15 March 2022 at a hospital in Jundiaí, Brazil from problems caused by a kidney infection, one month after his 80th birthday.

Pelle Svanslös (2020 movie)

Peter-No-Tail () is a 2020 Swedish animated film based on the children's book series by Gösta Knutsson.

Itaporanga d'Ajuda

Itaporanga d'Ajuda is a Brazilian municipality in the Northeastern state of Sergipe. It covers . It has a population of 34,709 (2020). The city is known for having a part of the Serra de Itabaiana National Park.

Martha Vonk-van Kalker

Martha Catharina Annie Vonk-van Kalker (23 September 1943 – 11 March 2022) was a Dutch politician and civil servant. She was a member of the Labour Party. She was in the Senate from 1977 to 1981. 

Vonk-van Kalker was born in Groningen. She died in Zoetermeer at the age of 78.

Laurent Vimont

Jean-Charles Laurent Vimont (7 February 1961 – 11 March 2022) was a French businessman. He was president of the French subsidiary of Century 21 Real Estate, a branch of Realogy.

Vimont died of a heart attack on 11 March 2022 in France at the age of 61.

Jean Mouchel

Jean Mouchel (22 May 1928 – 7 March 2022) was a French politician, novelist, and farmer. He was born in Bricquebosq, France. He was a member of the Rally for the Republic. Mouchel was a member of the European Parliament 1982 until 1983 and again from 1984 until 1989. 

Mouchel died on 7 March 2022 at the age of 93.

Bricquebosq

Bricquebosq () is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in northwestern France.

Ad Havermans

Adrianus Josephus Elisabeth "Ad" Havermans (25 August 1934 – 8 March 2022) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the Catholic People's Party (KVP) and later the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). 

He was mayor of several municipalities, among which of The Hague from 1985 to 1996. 

Havermans was born in Bergen op Zoom. He died in The Hague at the age of 87.

Jan van Zanen

Jan Hendrikus Cornelis van Zanen (born 4 September 1961) is a Dutch politician. He is a member of the VVD. He has been Mayor of The Hague since 2020. He was Mayor of Utrecht (2014-2020) and Amstelveen (2005-2013) and national chairperson of the VVD (2003-2008).

2022 Fukushima earthquake

The happened off the coast of Fukushima, Honshu, Japan on March 16, 2022, at 23:36 JST. The earthquake had a magnitude of 7.4. Four people were killed and 225 were injured.

Pumpernickel

Pumpernickel is a type of sourdough bread. It is made of rye flour. Pumpernickel is normally dark brown in color. The bread tastes a little sour but also a little sweet. It was first made in Westphalia Germany. 

Bernabé Martí

Bernabé Martínez Remacha, better known as Bernabé Martí (14 November 1928 – 18 March 2022) was a Spanish Aragonese operatic tenor. He was married to Montserrat Caballé from 1964 until her death in 2018. His career began in 1956 and he retired in 1985. His Carnegie Hall debut was in "Il pirata", followed by "Il trovatore", "Rigoletto", "Tosca", "Werther", "Turandot", "Pagliacci", "Carmen" and "Norma".

He died on 18 March 2022 at the age of 93 in his home in Barcelona.

Villarroya de la Sierra

Villarroya de la Sierra is a municipality in the Province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. In 2004, 622 people lived here.

Turki bin Faisal Al Saud

Turki bin Faisal Al Saud ( "Turkī ibn Fayṣal Āl Su‘ūd"; ) (born 15 February 1945), known also as Turki Al Faisal, is a Saudi prince and former politician. He is the chairman of King Faisal Foundation's Center for Research and Islamic Studies.

From 1979 to 2001, Prince Turki was the director general of Al Mukhabarat Al 'Ammah, Saudi Arabia's intelligence agency. He was ambassador to the United Kingdom and the United States.

Shalva Papuashvili

Shalva Papuashvili (; born 26 January 1976) is a Georgian politician who is a member of the Georgian parliament since 2020 and as Speaker of Parliament since 29 December 2021.

Chairperson of the Parliament of Georgia

The Chairperson of the Parliament of Georgia (, "Sakartvelos p’arlament’is tavmjdomare") is the Speaker of the House in the Parliament of Georgia. The current speaker is Shalva Papuashvili, since December 29, 2021.

Tavisupleba

"Tavisupleba" (, ; "Freedom") is the national anthem of Georgia. It was adopted as the Georgian national anthem in May 2004 after reform in the government.

Georgian lari

The lari (; ISO 4217: GEL) is the currency of Georgia. It is divided into 100 tetri ().

Coat of arms of Georgia (country)

The coat of arms of Georgia is one of the national symbols of the republic. It is based on the medieval coats of arms of the Georgian royal family. 

Nephelinite

Nephelinite is a fine-grained or igneous rock made up mostly of nepheline and clinopyroxene (also augite).

Nephelinite is dark and may look like basalt in a hand. However, basalt consists mostly of augite and calcic.

Cyclone Gombe

Intense Tropical Cyclone Gombe was a strong tropical cyclone that became the first storm to make a major landfall in Nampula Province, Mozambique, since Cyclone Jokwe in 2008. It had a maximum 10-minute sustained winds of 165 km/h (105 mph), maximum 1-minute sustained winds of 185 km/h (115 mph), and a minimum central pressure of . It was formed on 5 March 2022 and finished on 17 March 2022.

Cyclone Gombe killed at least 62 people, and affected over 400,000 people in Mozambique. Tens of thousands of homes were heavily damaged by the storm in Mozambique. Some deaths were reported in Madagascar and Malawi.

Aleksei Bakharev

Aleksei Aleksandrovich Bakharev (; 12 October 1976 – 18 March 2022) was a Russian-Ukrainian footballer. Bakharev was born in Petrov Val, Russian SFSR. He played as a midfielder. From 1999 until 2006, he made 124 appearances for FC Shakhtar Donetsk. He also played once for the Russian national team in 1998 and once for the Ukrainian national team in 2002.

Bakharev died on 18 March 2022 in Ukraine at the age of 45.

Petrov Val

Petrov Val () is a town in Kamyshinsky District of Volgograd Oblast, Russia. It is located on the left bank of the Ilovlya River. It is north of Volgograd, the administrative center of the oblast. The population was 

Volgograd Oblast

Volgograd Oblast (, "Volgogradskaya oblast") is a federal subject (an oblast) of Russia. It is located in the Volga region of Southern Russia. Its administrative center is Volgograd. The population of the oblast was 2,610,161 in the 2010 Census.

Brovary

Brovary (, ; before 1969 known as Brovari) is a city in Kyiv Oblast (Region) in northern Ukraine, an eastern suburb of the country's capital, Kyiv. It is the administrative centre of Brovary Raion (district).


Yitzhak Mordechai

Yitzhak "Itzik" Mordechai (, born 22 November 1944) is an Iraqi-born Israeli former general and politician. He was a member of the Knesset between 1996 and 2001. He was Minister of Defense from 1996 until 1999 and Minister of Transport from 1999 until 2000.

He retired from politics after being indicted for sexual assaults during his military service and later periods.

List of named minor planets (number order)

This is a list of named minor planets in number order. , it has over 23,081 named minor planets.

List of named minor planets: 1–999



Waynehead

Waynehead is a short-lived animated television series, created by Damon Wayans, and produced by Warner Bros. Animation and Canadian studio Nelvana. It aired on both YTV and Kids' WB from 1996 to 1997. It lasted for 13 episodes in a single season.

List of named minor planets: 1000–1999



List of named minor planets: 2000–2999



List of named minor planets: 3000–3999



Kamen Rider 555

Kamen Rider 555 (officially "Masked Rider Φ's", also read "Kamen Rider Faiz" or "Phi's") is a Japanese tokusatsu television drama. It is the 13th installment in the Kamen Rider Series. It is a joint collaboration between Ishimori Productions and Toei, and was broadcast on TV Asahi from January 26, 2003, to January 18, 2004. It aired as a part of TV Asahi's 2003 Super Hero Time block, alongside "Bakuryū Sentai Abaranger".

The Smart Brain corporation, the world's most powerful corporation, is trying to take over the world using Orphnoch, the "next stage in humanity's evolution", to covertly kill off the human population. In pursuit of this, they develop three suits of power armor, called Rider Gears (each for Delta, Faiz, and Kaixa), to find and protect the Orphnoch King, who can fix a defect within Orphnoch DNA which causes their genetic structure to break down, leading to death.

The Rider Gears are stolen by Hanagata, the Goat Orphnoch and former chief of Smart Brain. He sends them to his foster children (dubbed the "Ryuseiji", after the school they attended) so they can stop the Orphnoch from achieving their goal. However, Rider Gears were designed to be worn by Orphnoch, and humans are unable to activate the systems without undergoing genetic generation.

A young loner, Takumi Inui, is unwittingly drawn into the conflict between the Orphnoch and humans and becomes Kamen Rider Faiz to save the life of Mari Sonada, one of the Ryuseiji. Smart Brain begins training him in an attempt to retrieve the Faiz Gear.

However, there is division amongst the Orphnoch, as those who wish to co-exist with humans rather than kill him, begin resisting the Smart Brain, who in turn targets them as well. Most of these "renegade" Orphnochs are either killed, remain neutral or begin siding with the Ryuseiji against the Smart Brain.

When the Tokyo police discover the Orphnoch are behind a series of bizarre murders, they begin operations to defeat the creatures, largely unaware of the various factions involved. They even begin performing experiments on captured Orphnoch in an attempt to find ways of destroying them, though this does not go well.

The Orphnoch King eventually awakens within a young boy named Teruo Suzuki, whom Naoya Kaido and Keitaro Kikuchi saved and befriended. Now, it is up to the holders of the Rider Gears to band together and fight for humanity's survival.





List of named minor planets: 4000–4999



Hermann Müller (politician)

Hermann Müller (18 May 1876 – 20 March 1931; ) was a German Social Democratic politician who was the foreign minister (1919–1920), and twice as the chancellor of Germany (1920, 1928–1930) in the Weimar Republic. He was one of the German signatories of the Treaty of Versailles (28 June 1919).

Neue Deutsche Biographie

Neue Deutsche Biographie (NDB; "New German Biography") is a biographical reference work. The 26 volumes published so far cover more than 22,500 biographies of peoples and families who lived in the German language area.

ISO 3166-2:GE

ISO 3166-2:GE is the entry for Georgia in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Batumi

Batumi (; ) is the second largest city of Georgia and the capital of the Autonomous Republic of Adjara, it is located on the coast of the Black Sea.

Oldsmobile Custom Cruiser

The Oldsmobile Custom Cruiser was a Full-Size Vehicle, manufactured by Oldsmobile for three generations, from 1971-1992.


List of named minor planets: 5000–5999



Dashcam

A dashcam, short for "dashboard camera" is a video camera inside a car or other road vehicle that records driving and sometimes what's happening inside the car (useful for taxi drivers) they normally suction onto the cars windscreen and are powered from the car, some have an extra camera that can be put in the rear windscreen to record what's happening behind.

Dashcams are useful because video doesn't lie, it can for instance be used to see who caused a crash, important because some people deliberately crash into innocent peoples cars and blame them for causing the crash, so they can claim it on their insurance, dashcam footage can settle this, it's also important in other accident investigations, even ones that you weren't involved in, they have also recorded meteors and even airplane crashes.

Early kinds of dashcam were used by police to film their patrols, but ones made for the average joe have become increasingly avalible in the last 10 or so years.

Dashcams are very popular in Russia.

List of named minor planets: 6000–6999



List of named minor planets: 7000–7999



List of named minor planets: 8000–8999



List of named minor planets: 9000–9999



List of named minor planets: 10000–19999



Beatlemania

Beatlemania was the fanaticism surrounding the English rock band "The Beatles" in the 1960s. The group's popularity grew in the United Kingdom throughout 1963, propelled by the singles "Please Please Me", "From Me to You" and "She Loves You". 

By October, the press used the term "Beatlemania" to describe the scenes that attended the band's concert performances. 

From the start of 1964, their world tours had levels of hysteria and high-pitched screaming by female fans, both at concerts and during the group's travels. In February 1964, the Beatles arrived in the United States and their televised performances on The Ed Sullivan Show were seen by about 73 million people.

Commentators likened this adulation to a religious fervour, and to a female masturbation fantasy. Among the displays of deity-like worship, some fans would approach the band in the belief that they possessed supernatural healing powers.

To protect them from their fans, the Beatles often travelled to these concerts on the U.S.A. by armoured car.

Yuan Shikai

Yuan Shikai (Chinese: 袁世凱; pinyin: Yuán Shìkǎi; 16 September 1859 – 6 June 1916) was a Chinese military and government official who rose to power during the late Qing dynasty and eventually ended the Qing dynasty rule of China in 1912 when it became the Republic of China, in 1912 later becoming the Emperor of China during World War 1 but died in 1916 in Beijing . He joined the Beiyang Army in 1881 he was also involved in the First Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895) as well the Boxer Rebellion (1899-1901) led by Empress Dowager Cixi and the Xinhai Revolution (1911-1912) led by Sun Yat-sen as well as World War 1 (1914-1918) which he tried to make himself the Hongxian Emperor trying to restore the Qing dynasty known as the Empire of China in 1915 but it failed in 1916 and it became the Republic of China again in 1916 he was then replaced by General Duan Qirui (1865-1936) . 

Erotic wrestling

Erotic wrestling is a kind of wrestling, done by women or men, usually as a show, like at the Burning Man. When they do it, these Wrestlers are often covered in oil, and they wear very little clothing (or they are completely naked). It often is part of adult entertainment. Even though they are often also covered in oil, this has nothing to do with oil wrestling, which is done by clothed men, as a sport.

Gori, Georgia

Gori ( ) is a city in eastern Georgia. Gori is the regional capital of Shida Kartli. This City is best known for being the Birthplace of Soviet Dictator Joseph Stalin, who ruled the Soviet Union from 1924 until his death in 1953.

DINA S.A.

DINA (in Spanish: "Diesel Nacional", in English: "National Diesel") is a Mexican Truck and Bus manufacturer, based in Ciudad Sahagún, Hidalgo.

In the past, it collaborated with different companies, including the European Fiat, Renault, Scania, Škoda, Perkins and Eaton, the American Chrysler, Cummins, Flxible, MCI and Caterpillar, and the Brazilian Marcopolo S.A..


Through its history Dina has produced a variety of passenger buses.




Ossetian language

Ossetian (, , ), commonly referred to as Ossetic and rarely as Ossete (), is an Eastern Iranian language that is spoken mostly in Ossetia.

Ossetia

Ossetia (; ; ; ) is a region in the Greater Caucasus Mountains. Most people living there are ethnic Ossetians. The Ossetian language is part of the Eastern Iranian branch of the family of Indo-European languages. Most countries recognise the southern area as part of Georgia. But, Russia has created aRepublic of South Ossetia there. Most countries do not recognize the Republic of South Ossetia as an independent country. The northern part of the region is the republic of North Ossetia–Alania in the Russian Federation.

Karakucak wrestling

Karakucak wrestling () is a non-oily wrestling specific to Turkish people in Turkey. This wrestling style traces back to the Oghuz Turks. The Men wear pants called "pırpıt".These wrestlings are regularly held as Festival Organization in many Citys of Anatolia, especially in Amasya, Kahramanmaraş, Tokat, Çorum, Sivas, Erzurum, Samsun, Erzincan and Yozgat etc.

Kay Lee Ray

Kayleigh Rae (born 11 August 1992) is a Scottish professional wrestler. She is best known by her ring name Kay Lee Ray. Rae works for the WWE on the Smackdown brand with the ring name Alba Fyre. She was the longest reigning NXT UK Women's Champion. She is also a former three-time ICW Women's Champion.

Kay Lee Ray began wrestling at SWA Battlezone on 30 May 2009. She lost a match to be the number one contender for the NWA Scottish Heavyweight Championship. Her first singles match was a loss to Viper on 26 March 2010. On 9 August 2014, Ray beat Martin Kirby to become the SWE Speed King Championship. On 28 February 2015, she defeated Candice LeRae, Nixon Newell and Saraya Knight to win the SWE Queen of Southside Championship. On 24 October 2015, Ray lost the championship to Newell. That match was a tag team match where Newell's partner, Jimmy Havoc, defended his Speed King Championship against Ray's partner, El Ligero. On 7 August 2016, Ray won the Queen of Southside Championship in a tmatch against Alex Windsor and Jade. She lost the title two months later to Melina. On 16 June 2017, Ray won the WCPW Women's Championship from Viper.

Ray fought in her first Insane Championship Wrestling match on 6 February 2011. She beat Carmel. On 4 May 2013, she defeated Viper to win the Fierce Females Championship. This was, her first championship. On 29 May 2015, she lost the Fierce Females Championship to Viper in a 20-Woman match. This ended Ray's time as champion at 755 days. On 15 November 2015, Ray faced Nikki Storm and Viper to become the first ICW Women's Champion. The match was won by Viper. On 20 November 2016, Ray won the ICW Women's Championship. She beat Viper and champion Carmel Jacob. On 29 July 2017 , Ray lost the ICW Women's Championship to Kasey Owens in 37 seconds. She won it back on 1 October 2017. She lost the title the next month to Owens on 19 November in a steel cage match that also involving Viper. On 2 December 2018, Ray won the Women's Championship from Viper.

Ray appeared for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) in 2014. She was on the second season of "TNA British Boot Camp". Her first match was taped on 16 August. She lost in a match against Nikki Storm. Kasey Owens and Leah Owens. Storm won that match Her second match was taped on 6 September. In it, she lost in an eight-person tag team match. The match included her, Al Snow, Grado, and Mark Andrews against Angelina Love, Dave Mastiff, Rampage Brown, and Noam Dar. In her final match , she learned that she was on of the top three competitors. She faced Gail Kim but lost. Andrews won the show and the TNA contract. Ray was on two episodes of "TNA Xplosion". In the first episode, she teamed with Noam Dar and beat Gail Kim and Rampage Brown. In the second episode, Ray. Andrews, Dar and Crazzy Steve beat Brown, Dave Mastiff, Madison Rayne, and Samuel Shaw.

On 5 May 2018, Ray won the "World of Sport Wrestling" Women's Championship in a match against Bea Priestley and Viper. She defended the title in a battle royal and a singles match against Viper. On 19 January 2019, Ray lost the title to Viper.

Ray made her first appearance in the WWE at the 8 October 2015 tapings of "NXT". She lost to Nia Jax. THe next time she worked for WWE was in 2017. She was one of 32 people in the first Mae Young Classic, She lost to Princesa Sugehit in the first round. The next night, she was in a six-woman tag team match as part of the "WWE Mae Young Classic – Road To The Finals" event. She teamed with Jazzy Gabert and Tessa Blanchard to beat Marti Belle, Santana Garrett, and Sarah Logan.

At on 12 January 2019, Ray and Jazzy Gabert appeared at ringside. It was later confirmed that the two had signed with WWE, marking Ray's first contract with WWE. Her first match on NXT UK was on 13 March. Ray beat Candy Floss in a singles match. On the June 19 episode of "NXT UK", Ray won a battle royal. With the win, she got a chance to fight NXT UK Women's Champion Toni Storm at a time of her choice. On 3 July, Ray said she will face Storm at . At TakeOver: Cardiff, Ray defeated Storm and became the NXT UK Women's Championship. She was the first British-born wrestler to hold the title.

On 13 November episode of "NXT", Ray interfered in a ladder match between Io Shirai and Mia Yim. Ray helped Shirai win the match. It was soon learned that Ray was the fourth member of shayna baszler along with Shirai. Their team would later face Yim and the rest of Rhea Ripley's team at the first female War Games Ripley's team beat Baszler's team at . On the 8 January 2021 episode of "NXT", Ray teamed with Bianca Belair and Io Shirai. They lost against Storm, Ripley and Candice LeRae.

On the 12 December episode of "NXT UK", it was said that Ray would defend the NXT UK Women's Championship against Storm and Piper Niven in a triple threat match at . Ray won the match at TakeOver: Blackpool II. On 27 February, she beat Storm in a match for the title. Because Storm lost, she could no longer for the title as long as Ray was champion. After the match, Ray started a feud with Niven.. On the 2 April episode of "NXT UK", Ray and Jinny defeated Niven and Dani Luna.

On the 24 September episode of "NXT UK", Ray beat Nevin and kept her title. On the 5 November episode, Ray and Niven's feud continued after Ray insulted Niven. Niven came out and attacked Ray in the ring and backstage. On the 19 November episode, Ray faced Niven again for the title. Ray won after Jinny interfered in the match. Over the next few weeks, Ray defended the title against Jinny and Meiko Satomura. On the 10 June 2021 episode, She lost the title to Satomura. This ended her record-setting time as champion at 649 days.

On 22 August 2021, Ray became a member if NXT roster. she made her first appearance at the end of the NXT Womens Championship match between Raquel González and Dakota Kai. On the 23 November episode Ray distracted Mandy Rose during her match against Cora Jade. This caused Rose to lose the match. Later that night, She joined Io Shirai's team at NXT WarGames. This was the first time while working for the WWE that she was a face. At WarGames, her team was won. During the match, Ray teased turning on her team. She moved near an injured Cora Jade with a kendo stick but turned and attacked Kai instead. On the 7 December episode of "NXT", Kay Lee Ray was a part of a segment witj Cora Jade and Raquel González. On the February 8 episode of NXT, Ray fought Mandy Rose for the NXT Women's Championship, but lost.

In July 2021, Rae married her boyfriend Stephen Kerr better known by his ring name Stevie Boy Xavier.



Meridian, Sutter County, California

Meridian is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sutter County, California. The 2020 United States Census reported Meridian's population was 304.

Joel Hasse Ferreira

Joel Hasse Ferreira (13 July 1944 – 19 March 2022) was a Portuguese politician. He was a member of the Socialist Party of Portugal. Hasse Ferreira was born in Lisbon, Portugal. He was a member of the Assembly of the Republic from 1983 until 1985, 1992 to 2001 and from 2002 until 2005. He was a Member of the European Parliament from 2004 until 2009.

Hasse Ferreira died on 19 March 2022 in Lisbon at the age of 77.

Chris Smith (New Jersey politician)

Christopher Henry Smith (born March 4, 1953) is an American politician. He is the U.S. representative for since 1981. 

Smith is the dean of New Jersey's congressional delegation. 

Bob Filner

Robert Earl Filner (born September 4, 1942) is an American former politician. He was the 35th mayor of San Diego from December 2012 through August 2013. He resigned because of many allegations of sexual harassment. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Filner was the U.S. representative for from 1993 to 2012.

Reactions to the Russian invasion of Ukraine

The 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine was widely condemned. International sanctions were given to Russia, which set off a financial crisis, especially for Russians living in the West. 

The invasion led to a widespread boycott of Russia and Belarus in entertainment, media, business, and sport.

U.S. President Joe Biden said there would be sanctions on banks VEB.RF and Promsvyazbank.

On 24 February, the Prime Minister of Australia Scott Morrison said there would be travel bans. There would also be financial sanctions against eight members of Russia's national security council.

The United Kingdom, United Nations, France, Germany, Spain, Japan, Sweden, Turkey, Norway, Canada, and Italy have also disagreed with the invasion.

On 24 February 2022, President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen said the group has allowed "massive" actions that would target technological transfers, Russian banks and Russian assets. That same day, President Putin said Western countries that take part in the actions "will face consequences greater than any you have faced in history. All relevant decisions have been taken. I hope you hear me".

On 26 February, the European Union, the United States and their allies say that they support in removing Russian banks from the SWIFT payment system. The next day, many European nations announced a ban on Russian flights in their airspace.

On 28 February, Switzerland, Monaco, Singapore, and South Korea put in place economic sanctions on Russia such as controlling exports and assets. These countries were once seen as neutral during global conflicts.


In October 2022, [ 'Svalbard travel council' or] Svalbard Reiselivsråd excluded (or took away the membership of) Trust Artikugol (a Russian company on Svalbard; the company is owned by the Russian government.)

C. 15 military recruitment offices in Russia, have been set on fire; Many of the 15 fires were a result of use of Molotov cocktails.

Some famous people have come back to Ukraine to join forces that are in opposition to the Russian forces. As of March 2, Oleksandr Usyk, a world champion boxer is back. As of March 4, Yuriy Vernydub (manager of Sheriff Tiraspol),

Vera Zvonareva, a professional tennis player, was stopped (July 2023) at a Polish airport. Polish the authorities did not let her come in to Poland, to take part in a tennis competition (2023 WTA Poland Open). Because of the war, she is on a list of people that Polish authorities do not want inside the country.


Károly Grósz

Károly Grósz (1 August 1930 – 7 January 1996) was a Hungarian communist politician, who served as the General Secretary of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party from 1988 to 1989.

Marian Zembala

Marian Zembala (11 February 1950 – 19 March 2022) was a Polish cardiac surgeon, academic and politician. He was the Minister of Health in 2015. He was a deputy to the Sejm from 2015 until 2019. Zembala was born in Krzepice, Poland. He was a member of the Civic Platform.

Zembala died on 19 March 2022 in Zbrosławice, Poland at the age of 72.

Roberts Ķīlis

Roberts Ķīlis (14 March 1968 – 19 March 2022) was a Latvian politician and social anthropologist. He was born in Riga, Latvia. He was the Minister for Education and Science of Latvia from 2011 until 2013. 

Ķīlis died on 19 March 2022 in Riga, five days after his 54th birthday.

Nougat

Nougat is a sweet food. It goes inside many candy bars. Its texture is fluffy. It is made of egg whites with sugar or honey mixed in. In Europe it is a Christmas food. 

List of people from Ukraine

This is a list of Ukrainians.


ISO 3166-2:ES

ISO 3166-2:ES is the entry for Spain in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

List of mayors of Lisbon

This is a list of mayors of Lisbon, the capital city of Portugal, and also the most populated city.

Guillermo Rodríguez (footballer)

Guillermo Daniel Rodríguez Pérez (born 21 March 1984) is a Uruguayan professional footballer. He played as a centre back. He played for the Uruguay national football team twelve times from 2004 until 2005.

Guillermo Diaz

Guillermo Diaz may refer to:


Guillermo Díaz (actor)

Guillermo Díaz (born March 22, 1975) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in "Half Baked" (1998), "200 Cigarettes" (1999) and "Stonewall" (1995). He is best known for his role as Diego "Huck" Muñoz in the drama series "Scandal". 

Díaz is openly gay.

Guillermo Díaz (footballer, born 1930)

Guillermo Eduardo Díaz Zambrano (29 December 1930 – 25 September 1997) was a Chilean football midfielder. He played for Chile in the 1950 FIFA World Cup. He made nineteen appearances from 1950 until 1957.

Amol Palekar

Amol Palekar (born 24 November 1944) is an Indian actor, director and producer. His works were in Hindi and Marathi cinema. Palekar was born in Bombay, Bombay Presidency, British India. His career began in 1971. He was known for his roles in "Chhoti Si Baat" (1977), "Gol Maal" (1980), "Bangarwadi" (1995), "Daayraa" (1996), "Dhyaas Parva" (2000) and "Quest" (2006).

In February 2022, Palekar was hospitalized in Pune, India for COVID-19 related problems.

Siege of Lisbon

The siege of Lisbon was a battle in the city of Lisbon. Portugal. The seige to place from 1 July to 25 October 1147. Portugal retook the city and removed the Moors who controlled it. The siege of Lisbon was one of the Christian victories of the Second Crusade.

Area code 306

Area code 306 is an area code for Saskatchewan. It was one of the earliest area codes created in 1947, It covers the entire province of Saskatchewan. It was overlaid by 639 in 2013 and by 474 on October 2, 2021.

Area code 402

Area code 402 is an area code for Nebraska. It was one of the first codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire state of Nebraska until 1954, which is when it was split by 308, which covers the western portion of the state, while 308 covers the eastern part of the state, including the towns Lincoln, Omaha, Columbus, Fremont, La Vista, and Norfolk. It was overlaid by 531 in March 26, 2011. Permissive dialing in that area started on June 26, 2010 and ended on February 26, 2011, exactly a month before 531 was implemented.

Christopher Alexander

Christopher Wolfgang Alexander (4 October 1936 – 17 March 2022) was an Austrian-born British-American architect, writer and design theorist. He was an emeritus professor at the University of California, Berkeley. He talked about how architecture effects urban design, software, sociology and others. Alexander designed and personally built over 100 buildings, both as an architect and a general contractor.

His written works include "Notes on the Synthesis of Form, A City is Not a Tree", "The Timeless Way of Building, A New Theory of Urban Design," "The Oregon Experiment." and a four volume essay "The Nature of Order".

Alexander died on 17 March 2022 at his home in Walberton, West Sussex, England after a long illness at the age of 85.

Francis Rooney

Laurence Francis Rooney III (born December 4, 1953) is an American politician. He was a U.S. Representative for from 2017 to 2021. He was a Republican. He was the United States Ambassador to the Holy See from 2005 until 2008.

Rooney was the CEO of Rooney Holdings. He had a net worth of $22.6 million, Rooney had been one of the wealthiest members of Congress.

In October 2019, Rooney announced that he would not run for re-election to Congress in 2020.

Area code 403

Area code 403 is an area code of Alberta. It was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire province of Alberta, but after it was split by 780 in 1999, it now covers the southern portion of the province. The entire province was overlaid by 587 in 2008, 825 in 2016, and 368 in 2022.

Ken Hackett

Kenneth Francis Hackett (born January 27, 1947) is an American politician and Catholic official. He was the United States Ambassador to the Holy See from August 2013 until January 2017. He was president of Catholic Relief Services (CRS).

Kaiserstuhl (Baden-Württemberg)

The Kaiserstuhl is a small, low Mountain range in Germany. it is located on the Upper Rhine Plain. The ranges rises in the southwest of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is in the Emmendingen and Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald ditricts. The mountain range was created by volcanic activiity.

Mary Ann Glendon

Mary Ann Glendon (born October 7, 1938) is an American politician, lawyer and academic. She is the Learned Hand Professor of Law at Harvard Law School. She was the United States Ambassador to the Holy See from 2008 until 2009.

Glendon supported Mitt Romney in the 2012 presidential election. She also supported Romney's campaign in the 2008 presidential election.

Glendon was a mentor of Mike Pompeo, the former United States Secretary of State, when Pompeo was at Harvard Law School.

Miguel H. Díaz

Miguel Humberto Díaz (born September 29, 1963) is a Cuban-born American theologian, diplomat and political commentator. He was the United States Ambassador to the Holy See from 2009 until 2012. He was nominated by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the U.S. Senate on August 5, 2009. He resigned on November 5, 2012. 

Oildale, California

Oildale is a census-designated place (CDP) in Kern County, California, United States. Oildale is north-northwest of downtown Bakersfield. The population was 32,684 at the 2020 census.

Palo Cedro, California

Palo Cedro (Spanish for "Cedar Wood") is a census-designated place (CDP) in Shasta County, California, United States. It is 8 miles (13 km) east of Redding, California. Its population is 2,931 as of the 2020 census.

Cirit

Cirit (in English: jereed) is a traditional Turkish Horse equestrian sport in which the aim is to score points by throwing a blunt wooden spear at the opposing team's riders. It was played by the Turkic peoples of Central Asia as the main sport and ceremonial game, and was brought to Anatolia during the westward migration in the early 11th century. Today, cirit is mainly practiced in eastern Turkey and much liked by the Turkish people.

Area code 404

Area code 404 is an area code for Georgia. It was one of the first area codes created in October 1947. It covered the entire state until it was split by 912 in 1954, 706 in 1992, and 770 in 1995. It now covers the Atlanta region of Georgia. It covers counties such as Clayton, DeKalb, Fulton, Cobb, Douglas, and Gwinnett counties. It was overlaid by 678 in 1998, 470 in 2001, and 943 on March 15, 2022.

Isthmohyla pseudopuma

The meadow tree frog or Gunther's Costa Rican tree frog ("Isthmohyla pseudopuma") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica and Panama. In Panama and parts of Costa Rica, it lives between 1000 and 2400 meters above sea level. On the Pacific side (west) of the mountains in Costa Rica, it lives no more than 864 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 37.6 to 42.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 41.1 and 45.6 mm long.

This frog is brown and light brown on the back and yellow on its belly. It has a white stripe on both back legs. Some of them have blue color on their middles.

This frog hides during the day in bromeliad plants and other plants with large leaves. At night, it goes to trees and bushes to look for food.

These frogs lay eggs after heavy rains. The males go to water, deep water if they can, and sing for the females. The females choose the largest male frogs. The female lays 500 eggs at a time, 1800 to 2500 eggs per female per year.

The tadpoles eat plants and dead things. They will also eat frog eggs and smaller tadpoles. They will eat eggs and tadpoles from other species or other Gunther's Costa Rican tree frogs. If the pond starts to dry up, the tadpoles become frogs quicker than if it did not dry up.

This frog is not in danger of dying out but there are fewer of them than there were. This is because human beings change the places where the frog lives, because of climate change, and because there is more ultraviolet B light than there was. This light can hurt this frog.

Area code 405

Area code 405 is an area code created for Oklahoma. It was one of the first area codes created in October 1947. It initially covered the entire state of Oklahoma, but after it was split by 918 in 1953 and 580 in 1997, it now covers the central portion of the state. It was overlaid by 572 in 2021.

Failed supernova

A failed supernova, also known as an unnova, is the opposite of a supernova. When a large enough star runs out of fuel, it turns into a red supergiant. When these stars die, they cause an incredible explosion. This is a supernova. In the case of a failed supernova, the star will just collapse into a black hole. It does not explode into a supernova.

Failed supernovas may be a cause of rogue planets. Rogue planets are planets without a star.

List of named minor planets: 20000–29999



List of named minor planets: 30000–39999



Cross-polarization

Cross-polarization is originally called Proton Enhanced Nuclear Induction Spectroscopy. It is a technique used for high resolution NMR of Dilute spins in solids.

Gavin &amp; Stacey

Gavin & Stacey is a British sitcom written by James Corden and Ruth Jones about two families: one in Billericay, Essex; one in Barry, South Wales. Mathew Horne and Joanna Page play the titular characters Gavin and Stacey and the writers star as Smithy and Nessa. Alison Steadman and Larry Lamb star as Gavin's parents (Pam and Mick), and Melanie Walters (Gwen) is Stacey's mother and Rob Brydon (Bryn) is Stacey's uncle.
Baby Cow Productions produced the sitcom for BBC Wales. Three series totalling twenty episodes were broadcast from 13 May 2007 to 1 January 2010 on BBC Three and later on BBC One. Broadcast on Christmas Day 2009 and New Year's Day 2010, episodes of the final series formed a significant part of the prime-time BBC seasonal programming.

Gavin & Stacey was directed by Christine Gernon who directed other BBC sitcoms such as "One Foot in the Grave". 
Acclaimed as both a hit and a breakthrough show for the BBC, it was the most nominated show in the 2007 British Comedy Awards. It won several awards, including the British Academy Television Awards (BAFTAs) Audience Award, and the British Comedy Awards Best TV Comedy Award, both in 2008. In 2019, "Gavin & Stacey" was named the 17th-greatest British sitcom in a poll by "Radio Times".
Corden and Jones wrote a Christmas Day 2019 special for BBC One. With 18.49 million viewers, the broadcast in the United Kingdom was the most-viewed non-sporting event in a decade and the most-watched comedy in 17 years.


Alison Steadman

Alison Steadman (born 26 August 1946) is an English actress. She received the 1991 National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress for the Mike Leigh film "Life Is Sweet" and the 1993 Olivier Award for Best Actress for her role as Mari in the original production of "The Rise and Fall of Little Voice". In a 2007 Channel 4 poll, the ‘50 Greatest Actors’ voted for by other actors, she was ranked 42.
Steadman made her professional stage debut in 1968 and went on to establish her career in Mike Leigh's 1970s TV plays "Nuts in May" (1976) and "Abigail's Party" (1977). She received BAFTA TV Award nominations for the 1986 BBC serial "The Singing Detective" and in 2001 for the ITV drama series "Fat Friends" (2000–2005). Other television roles include "Pride and Prejudice" (1995), "Gavin & Stacey" (2007–2010, 2019) and "Orphan Black" (2015–2016). Her other film appearances include "A Private Function" (1984), "Topsy-Turvy" (1999), "The Life and Death of Peter Sellers" (2004), "Dad's Army" (2016) and "The King's Man" (2021).


Oghuz Turks

Oghuz Turks were a historical western Turkic people that formed a tribal confederation in the area around the Caspian Sea in Central Asia during the early Middle Ages. 

The Oghuz tribe also appears in Turkic Mythology. For example, the Oghuz Tribe would consist of 24 branches, from which the current Turks, Azeris and Turkmens would descend. The Oghuz people themselves are said to be descended from the legendary Turkish ruler Oghuz Khagan. Oghuz means "tribe" and Khagan means"ruler".

Reboleira (Lisbon Metro)

Reboleira station is the northern terminal station on the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Amadora Este (Lisbon Metro)

Amadora Este station is part of the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro, it is located on the east side of Amadora.

Area code 917

Area code 917 is an area code for New York. It was created in 1992, as an overlay to area codes 212 and 718. It covers the entirety of New York City, including the Bronx. It was overlaid by 646 in July 1999, 347 in October 1999, 929 in 2011, and 332 in 2017.


Alfornelos (Lisbon Metro)

Alfornelos station is part of the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro, it is located in the Alfornelos neighbourhood of Amadora.

Pontinha (Lisbon Metro)

Pontinha station is part of the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro and is located in the Bairro Mário Madeira neighbourhood of Lisbon, near Amadora and Odivelas.

Carnide (Lisbon Metro)

Carnide station is part of the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro and is located near the Bairro da Horta Nova neighbourhood of Lisbon.

Colégio Militar/Luz (Lisbon Metro)

Colégio Militar station is part of the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro and is located in Lisbon.

Alto dos Moinhos (Lisbon Metro)

Alto dos Moinhos station is part of the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro and is located close to Estádio da Luz.

Santa Apolónia (Lisbon Metro)

Santa Apolónia station is the southern terminus on the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro. 

Laranjeiras (Lisbon Metro)

Laranjeiras station is part of the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro and is located in the Palma de Baixo neighbourhood.

Area code 718

Area code 718 is an area code of New York. It was created in 1984 as a split from 212. It covers the boroughs of the Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens, and Staten Island. It was overlaid by 917 in 1992, 347 in 1999, and 929 in 2011.

Terreiro do Paço (Lisbon Metro)

Terreiro do Paço station is part of the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Jardim Zoológico (Lisbon Metro)

Jardim Zoológico station is part of the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Grange Hill

Grange Hill is a British children's television drama series, originally produced by the BBC and portraying life in a typical comprehensive school. The show began its run on 8 February 1978 on BBC1, and was one of the longest-running programmes on British television when it ended on 15 September 2008 after 31 series. It was created by Phil Redmond, who is also responsible for the Channel 4 dramas "Brookside" and "Hollyoaks"; other notable production team members down the years have included producer Colin Cant and script editor Anthony Minghella.

The show was cancelled in 2008, having run every year for 30 years. It was felt by the BBC that the series had run its course.


Baixa-Chiado (Lisbon Metro)

Baixa-Chiado is an interchange station where the Blue and Green Lines of the Lisbon Metro connect, it is located under Rua Ivens between Baixa and Chiado, where it got its name. 

SS Great Eastern

The SS "Great Eastern" (Nicknamed: "Leviathan", or "Great Babe") was a British ship built during the Victorian Era, which held the title of the largest passenger ship in the world for 4 decades (1859-99).

It was designed by the engineer Isambard Kingdom Brunel, famous for having designed bridges such as the Clifton Suspension Bridge or the Maidenhead Railway Bridge, it was 211 meters long, had a capacity of 4,000 passengers, 17,915 gross tons and was propelled by sail masts, lateral blades and a screw propeller.



Area code 308

Area code 308 is an area code for Nebraska. It was created as a split to area code 402 in 1954. It covers the western portion of the state, while 308 covers the eastern portion. As of now, it is projected to not exhaust until at least 2050.

Darcy Isa

Darcy Adiza Isa (born 9 October 1992) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the role of Lauren Andrews in the BBC school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2009–2012). Prior to appearing in "Waterloo Road", Isa starred as Andrea O'Mally in the BBC children's drama series "Grange Hill" (2005–2008). She has also made appearances in various British television series, including "Shameless", "Casualty" and "Holby City".

Area code 213

Area code 213 is an area code for California. It was one of the first area codes ever created in 1947. It initially covered the entire southern portion of California, but after it was split multiple times, it now covers Downtown Los Angeles and its surrounding areas, which are overlaid by multiple other area codes. The current 213 area was also split by 323 in 1998, but the 323 area combined with the 213 area to form an overlay plan in 2017.

Area code 501

Area code 501 is an area code for Arkansas. It was one of the first area codes created in October 1947. It used to cover the entire state until 1997, when it was split by 870 in 1997 and 479 in 2002. 501 now covers the central portion of Arkansas. It covers towns such as its state capital, Little Rock, Jacksonville, Hot Springs, Sherwood, and Bryant.

Area code 502

Area code 502 is an area code for Kentucky. It was one of the earliest area codes created in October 1947. It initially covered the entire state. However, it was split by 606 in 1954, then it was split by 270 in 1999, and 859 in 2000. 502 now covers the north central portion of Kentucky, including its state capital Frankfort, as well as other towns such as Louisville, Georgetown, West Point, Shelbyville, and Bardstown.

Zathura: A Space Adventure

Zathura: A Space Adventures or simply as Zathura is an 2005 science fiction adventure movie directed by Jon Favreau. It was adaptation on 2002 children's book "Zathura" by Chris Van Allsburg, author of the 1981 children's book "Jumanji". It is an standalone spin-off of the 1995 movie "Jumanji" and also the second installment of "Jumanji" franchise. The movie stars by Josh Hutcherson, Jonah Bobo, Dax Shepard, Kristen Stewart, and Tim Robbins.

Walter and Danny are two brothers who do not get along with each other, or with their cantankerous teenage sister, Lisa. While their divorced father is away at work and Lisa, whom he left in charge, is napping. Danny discovers an old science fiction-themed board game called "Zathura" in the basement. When he starts playing, the game produces a card that details a meteor shower. After an actual meteor shower occurs in the living room, Walter and Danny realize the game is affecting reality.

The boys discover the house is floating in outer space. Lisa thinks she has overslept and it is evening and prepares to go out. The next card puts her in cryonic sleep, for the next five turns of the game, leaving her frozen solid. And Walter soon concludes they must win the game to return everything back to normal. As they continue to play, they overcome the dangers presented by the game, including the appearance of a detective robot, passing too close to a star, and an attack on the house by the race of reptilian aliens called Zorgons. One of Danny's turns causes an astronaut to appeared, who methodically eliminated the house's heat sources, as the Zorgons are attracted to heat. He tells Walter to turn off the pilot light on the furnace, out of the fear of getting attacked by the Zorgons. The astronaut lures the Zorgons' ship away by setting the boys' father's couch on fire and ejecting it from the house.

A board game that sought to mimic the movie's eponymous game was released by Pressman Toy Corporation. Titled "Zathura: Adventure is Waiting", the board game incorporated a spring-driven, clockwork card delivery mechanism, an astronaut, the Zorgons, the haywire robot and the disintegrating house in various ways.

A video game tie-in was released on November 3, 2005, developed by High Voltage Software and published by 2K Games for PlayStation 2 and Xbox.

List of named minor planets: 40000–49999



List of named minor planets: 50000–59999



List of named minor planets: 60000–69999



List of named minor planets: 70000–79999



List of named minor planets: 80000–89999



List of named minor planets: 90000–99999



List of named minor planets: 100000–149999



List of named minor planets: 150000–199999



List of named minor planets: 200000–249999



List of named minor planets: 250000–299999



List of named minor planets: 300000–349999



Area codes 503 and 971

Area codes 503 and 971 are area codes for Oregon. Area code 503 was one of earliest area codes ever created. It was made in 1947. It originally covered the entire state, but after it was split by 541 in 1995, 503 now covers only the northwest portion of the state. It covers towns such as its state capital Salem, Portland, and Astoria. It was overlaid by 971 in 2000.

List of named minor planets: 350000–399999



List of named minor planets: 400000–999999



List of minor planets: 176001–177000


Prinzessin Victoria Luise

The Prinzessin Victoria Luise was a German cruise ship belonging to the shipping company Hamburg America Line.

It was named in honor of Victoria Louise of Prussia, daughter of Emperor Wilhelm II of Germany. The ship is considered by many to be the ""First cruise ship"", because its use was limited to trips in the Caribbean and the Antilles.

She ran aground off the Jamaican Coast on December 16, 1906 and a year later, she sank in a Seaquake (Caused by the 1907 Kingston earthquake).

Gustáv Husák

Gustáv Husák (10 January 1913 – 18 November 1991) was a Czechoslovak communist politician of a Slovak origin, who served as the long-time First Secretary of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia from 1969 to 1987 and the President of Czechoslovakia from 1975 to 1989. His rule is known as the period of the Normalization (Normalizace in Czech, Normalizácia in Slovak) after the Prague Spring.

Paria

Paria may refer to the following :




Isthmohyla zeteki

Zetek's tree frog ("Isthmohyla zeteki") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica and Panama. Scientists have seen it between 1200 and 1804 meters above sea level. It lives in premontane places, not too high up in the mountains.

Praça de Espanha (Lisbon Metro)

Praça de Espanha station is part of the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro.

São Sebastião (Lisbon Metro)

São Sebastião is an interchange station where the Blue and Red Lines of the Lisbon Metro connect, it is located on Avenida António Augusto de Aguiar in the São Sebastião da Pedreira neighbourhood.

Saldanha (Lisbon Metro)

Saldanha is an interchange station in central Lisbon, where the Red and Yellow Lines of the Lisbon Metro connect.

Voiced labiodental approximant

The voiced labiodental approximant is a consonant. It is used in some languages. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨ʋ⟩.

Red Line (Lisbon Metro)

The Red Line () or Orient Line () is one of the four lines of the Lisbon Metro.

Senhor Roubado (Lisbon Metro)

Senhor Roubado station is part of the Yellow Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Cais do Sodré (Lisbon Metro)

Cais do Sodré is a station on the Green Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Ameixoeira (Lisbon Metro)

Ameixoeira station is part of the Yellow Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Cidade Universitária (Lisbon Metro)

Cidade Universitária station is part of the Yellow Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Odivelas (Lisbon Metro)

Odivelas station is the northern terminal station on the Yellow Line of the Lisbon Metro in the Odivelas neighbourhood, north west of central Lisbon.

Odivelas

Odivelas ( ) is a city and a municipality in Lisbon metropolitan area, Portugal.

Picoas (Lisbon Metro)

Picoas station is part of the Yellow Line of the Lisbon Metro, it is located on the north side of the city centre on Avenida Fontes Pereira de Melo.

Parque (Lisbon Metro)

Parque station is part of the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro. 

Blue Line (Lisbon Metro)

The Blue Line () or Seagull Line () is one of the four lines of Lisbon Metro. It is the only line of the Lisbon Metro that is entirely underground.

Marquês de Pombal (Lisbon Metro)

Marquês de Pombal is an interchange station where the Blue and Yellow Lines of the Lisbon Metro connect, it is located on Praça Marquês de Pombal.

Restauradores (Lisbon Metro)

Restauradores station is on the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Avenida (Lisbon Metro)

Avenida station is part of the Blue Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Aeroporto (Lisbon Metro)

Aeroporto is the terminal station on the Red Line of the Lisbon Metro. The station was built to serve the Lisbon Airport.

Rato (Lisbon Metro)

Rato station is the southern terminal station of the Yellow Line of the Lisbon Metro. 

Campo Pequeno (Lisbon Metro)

Campo Pequeno station is part of the Yellow Line of the Lisbon Metro. 

Entre Campos (Lisbon Metro)

Entre Campos station is part of the Yellow Line of the Lisbon Metro. 

Campo Grande (Lisbon Metro)

Campo Grande is an elevated interchange station on the Yellow and Green Lines of the Lisbon Metro. It has a large bus terminal on the ground floor and is located north of Avenida General Norton de Matos in the Lisbon parish of Campo Grande.

Quinta das Conchas (Lisbon Metro)

Quinta das Conchas station is part of the Yellow Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Lumiar (Lisbon Metro)

Lumiar station is part of the Yellow Line of the Lisbon Metro, it is serving the Lumiar neighbourhood, which is close to the Lisbon airport.

Lumiar

Lumiar () is a "freguesia" (civil parish) and district of Lisbon, the capital of Portugal.

There interesting places in the neighbourhood.

People can travel to the parish with these Lisbon Metro lines and stations:


Yellow Line (Lisbon Metro)

The Yellow Line () or Sunflower Line () is one of the four lines of Lisbon Metro.

Telheiras (Lisbon Metro)

Telheiras station is the northern terminus on the Green Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Houilles

Houilles is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. In 2019, 32,801 people lived there.

The commune is in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

List of Lisbon metro stations

This is a list of stations of the metro system in Lisbon, Portugal (Lisbon Metro).


Goussainville, Val-d'Oise

Goussainville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France. In 2019, 31,068 people lived there.

The commune is in the north-northeastern suburbs of Paris, from the center. It is near Charles de Gaulle Airport.

Poissy

Poissy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. In 2019, 39,187 people lived there.

The commune is in the western suburbs of Paris, from the center. It is one of Peugeot's largest factories.


Poissy is twinned with:

Dragash

Dragash is a municipality in the Prizren district of Kosovo. Dragash has approximately 41,000 inhabitants, the majority are the Gorani, a slavic language speaking Muslim group. The area is 435 km², the population density is 94 inhabitants per km². The City is wellknown for his Wrestlers, every year in June is hold a Oil Wreslting Festival.

Antonio Salieri

Antonio Salieri (18 August 17507 May 1825) was an Italian opera composer who worked in Vienna. People think that Salieri and Mozart were enemies. People also think that he poisoned Mozart. This is probably not true.

Encarnação (Lisbon Metro)

Encarnação is a station on the Red Line of the Lisbon Metro. The station is located in the parish of Encarnação.

Moscavide (Lisbon Metro)

Moscavide is a station on the Red Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Rossio (Lisbon Metro)

Rossio is a station on the Green Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Green Line (Lisbon Metro)

The Green Line () or Caravel Line () is one of the four lines of Lisbon Metro.

Aba wrestling

Aba wrestling () is an old Anatolian Turkish traditonal wrestling style since the Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm, from the Citys Gaziantep and Hatay in Turkey, where the Wrestlers (Pehlivans) wear a special garment called Aba, made from camel hair.

Shalwar wrestling

Shalwar wrestling () is a common style of wrestling in the districts and villages of Kahramanmaraş in Turkey. In this wrestling style, which takes its name from the shalwar worn instead of the "kispet" in Oil wrestling or the "pırpıt" in Karakucak wrestling, the Wrestlers wear shalwars and are bare feet. Wrestling begins while standing, when the abdomen or knees touch the ground. Defeat is the belly that sees the sky, like in oil and karakucak wrestling. Once the opponent is down, a single move is given. If this move does not produce any result, it is usually straightened up.

Area code 504

Area code 504 is an area code for Louisiana. It was one of the first area codes created in October 1947. It initially covered the entire state but after it was split by 318 in 1957, 225 in 1998, and 985 in 2001, it now covers the New Orleans territory of the state and its surrounding suburbs.

Area code 505

Area code 505 is an area code for New Mexico. It was one of the first area codes ever created in October 1947. It used to cover the entire state until 2007, when it was split by 575. It now covers the northwestern and central portions of the state, including Albuquerque, Gallup, Santa Fe, and Farmington.

Area code 506

Area code 506 is an area code that belongs to the Canadian province of New Brunswick. It was made in 1955 as a split of area code 902, which now covers Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island. It was overlaid by area code 428 on April 29, 2023.

Is It Cake?

Is It Cake? is an American reality game show about cake artists competing to make cake replicas out of fast food, handbags, and more. It is hosted by Mikey Day. All 8 episodes of the show premiered on Netflix on March 18, 2022.

Skilled cake artists create mouthwatering replicas of handbags, sewing machines and more in a mind-bending baking contest inspired by a popular meme.

1. "Fast-Food Fakeout" - Flavourful cakes pose as fast-food favourites like burgers, tacos, and breakfast sandwiches.

2. "Phony Fashion" - Bakers create delicious decoys of shoes, designer bags, and other department store finds.

3. "Fake by the Ocean" - Clever contestants camouflage their cakes to look like things seen at the beach.

4. "Imposter in Aisle 5" - Making veggies, challah, and cellophane-wrapped steak into a cake.

5. "Cake Crashers" - Remarkable cake art mimics items found at a party like red Solo cups and salty snacks.

6. "Garage Mirage" - Cake takes the form of garage sale scores, including a bowling pin and an antique radio.

7. "Toying Around" - Baking cakes that look like toys.

8. "Winner Fakes All!" - The top three contenders design the cakes of their dreams for a shot at a $50,000 prize.

Area codes 215, 267 and 445

Area codes 215, 267 and 445 are area codes for Pennsylvania. Area code 215 was one of the initial area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the southeastern portion of Pennsylvania, but after it was split by 610 in 1994, it now covers the entirety of Philadelphia and its county, as well as parts of Montgomery County, Lehigh County, Berks County, Bucks County. It was overlaid by 267 in 1999 and 445 in 2018.

Tom Young (basketball)

Thomas Joseph Young (September 17, 1932 – March 2022) was an American basketball coach. He coached at American University, Rutgers University, Catholic University and Old Dominion University. His coaching career began in 1958 and he retired in 2007. Young was born in Natrona Heights, Pennsylvania.

Young died in March 2022 in Virginia Beach, Virginia at the age of 89.

Natrona Heights, Pennsylvania

Natrona Heights is an unincorporated community in Harrison Township, Allegheny County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is about northeast of Pittsburgh. 

Harrison Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania

Harrison Township is a township in Allegheny County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The population was 10,157 at the 2020 census. 

Beach handball

Beach handball is a variation of handball, which is played on the beach, or on sand. The players are usually barefoot. Two teams with four players each compete. A match has two rounds, which each last ten minutes. 

Matches are played as best two-out-of-three times. If teams are tied at the end of a normal game then the teams play for a golden goal. If the teams are tied at the end of 2 games then the teams will be part in a tie breaker. The tie break involves a goalie throwing the ball to their own player while that player tries to score one-on-one with the other goalie. 

In 2021, the Norwegian women's team were fined €1500 because they were improperly dressed: At a European championship match in Bulgaria they had worn bike-shorts (like the men), instead of bikini bottoms. Critics laughed about the fine and the underlying rule. Although the Norwegian Handball Federation announced they would pay the fines, pop singer Pink offered to pay for them. In November 2021, the International Handball Federation changed their dress rules to closely match the shorts that the Norwegian team were fined for wearing.

Jacob Oulanyah

Jacob L'Okori Oulanyah (23 March 1965 – 20 March 2022) was a Ugandan agricultural economist, lawyer and politician. He was the Speaker of the 11th Parliament of Uganda from 2021 until his death. He was elected the parliament in 2011 and served until his death. He previously was a member of parliament from 2001 until 2006.

Oulanyah died on 20 March 2022 at a hospital in Seattle, Washington from cardiopulmonary arrest caused by a short-illness at the age of 56.


Trappes

Trappes is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. In 2019, 32,645 people lived there.

The commune is in the western suburbs of Paris, from the center, in the new town of Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines.


Trappes is twinned with:

Adriana Hoffmann

Adriana Elisabeth Hoffmann Jacoby (29 January 1940 – 20 March 2022) was a Chilean botanist, environmentalist, and writer. She was Chile's Environment Minister in 2000 and 2001. She was a supporter of sustainable management and protection of Chilean forests.

Hoffmann died on 20 March 2022 at the age of 82.

Lyell Cresswell

Lyell Cresswell (13 October 1944 – 19 March 2022) was a New Zealand composer of contemporary classical music. He was the younger brother of Max Cresswell. He lived and worked in Edinburgh, Scotland. He won the APRA Silver Scroll for his work to New Zealand music in 1979.

Raimon Carrasco

Raimon Carrasco Azemar (17 February 1924 – 20 March 2022) was a Spanish businessman and football executive. He was the 1st president of FC Barcelona from 1977 until 1978. He was born in Barcelona, Spain.

Carrasco died on 20 March 2022 in Barcelona at the age of 98.


Alan Hopgood

Alan John Hopgood AM (29 September 1934 – 19 March 2022) credited also as Alan Hopwood, was an Australian actor, producer, dramatist, playwright, screenwriter and educator. He was best known for writing the screenplay for movie "Alvin Purple" and his TV soap opera roles including "Bellbird" as Dr. Reid, "Prisoner" as Wally Wallace and "Neighbours" as Jack Lassiter.

Hopgood died on 19 March 2022 in Melbourne, Australia from cancer at the age of 87.

Barefoot

People who do not wear shoes and socks or tights are said to be barefoot. Being barefoot is a natural way of walking. There are many receptors and muscles in the foot, which help sense the ground people are walking on. There's a thick layer of skin on the feet. This layer will get even thicker in people who often walk barefoot. This protection has its limits. Likely shoes were developed to protect against heat or cold. The oldest known traces of shoes date to about 8.500 years ago. People think some kinds of shoes were used when Europe was settled about 40.000 years ago.

Federico Martín Aramburú

Federico Martín Aramburú (20 January 1980 – 19 March 2022) was an Argentine rugby union footballer. He was born in La Plata, Argentina. He played as a wing but could also play centre for Glasgow Warriors in the Pro12, and for the Argentina. He also played in France with US Dax, USA Perpignan and originally with Biarritz Olympique. 

Martín Aramburú was killed on 19 March 2022, in a drive-by shooting after an argument in a bar in Paris, aged 42.

Oddrun Hokland

Oddrun Helene Hokland (née Lange; 29 November 1942 – 18 March 2022) was a Norwegian athlete. She competed in long jump and pentathlon at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. She finished 16th in both events. She was born in Nesset, Reichskommissariat Norwegen (present day Norway).

Hokland died on 18 March 2022 at the age of 79.

Hisanori Takada

Takada died on 17 March 2022 in Takayama, Japan from injuries caused by a fall while skiing at the age of 40.

Jean-Pierre Demailly

Jean-Pierre Demailly (25 September 1957 – 17 March 2022) was a French mathematician. He worked in complex geometry. He was a professor at Université Grenoble Alpes. He was a permanent member of the French Academy of Sciences, elected in 2007. He was the editor-in-chief of the "Annales de l'Institut Fourier" from 1998 to 2006 and the editor-in-chief of "Comptes Rendus Mathématique" from 2010 to 2015.

Demailly died on 17 March 2022 at the age of 64.

Arnold W. Braswell

Arnold Webb Braswell (October 3, 1925 – March 15, 2022) was an American Air Force lieutenant general and command pilot. He was commander in chief of Pacific Air Forces. He was born in Minden, Louisiana.

Braswell died on March 15, 2022 at a retirement home in Potomac Falls, Virginia at the age of 96.

Reine Wisell

Reine Wisell (30 September 1941 – 20 March 2022) was a Swedish racing driver. He participated in 23 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix. His career began in 1970 and he retired in 1974. Wisell was born in Motala, Sweden.

Wisell died on 20 March 2022 at his home in Thailand from a heart attack at the age of 80.


1915 Çanakkale Bridge

The 1915 Çanakkale Bridge (), also known as the Dardanelles Bridge (), is a road suspension bridge in the Province of Çanakkale in northwestern Turkey. It is south of the towns of Lapseki and Gelibolu. The bridge is on the Dardanelles strait. It is about south of the Sea of Marmara.

The bridge is part of a planned 2.8 billion Kınalı-Balıkesir Motorway. It has a span of and is the longest suspension bridge in the world.

The bridge was officially opened by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on 18 March 2022. The bridge is the first fixed crossing over the Dardanelles and the sixth one over the Turkish Straits.

On 16 May 2020, the second tower was completed. The toll bridge opened for traffic on 18 March 2022, at a toll price of 200 lira (€12.20).

The year "1915" in the official Turkish name honors an important Ottoman naval victory against the British and the French during World War I.

Ahal Region

Ahal Region (; from Persian "Axāl") is one of five provinces of Turkmenistan. It is in the south-center of the country. It borders Iran and Afghanistan along the Kopet Dag Range. Its area is and population 939,700 (2005 est.).

Anau, Turkmenistan

Anau (also spelled Annau, ) is a city in Turkmenistan. It is the capital of Ahal Province. It is 8 km southeast of Ashgabat.

Morgan Johansson

Tomas Morgan Johansson (born 14 May 1970) is a Swedish politician of the Social Democrats. Johansson was the Deputy Prime Minister of Sweden from 2019 to 2022. He was the Minister for Justice from 2014 to 2022 and Minister of the Interior from 2021 to 2022. He was Minister for Migration and Asylum Policy from 2014 to 2017 and again from 2019 to 2021.

Women's freestyle wrestling

In wrestling, there are competitions for men and for women. Female competitors wear a dress which resembles a swimsuit. This dress has been criticized as being too revealing. The discussion that womens' sports dresses are too revealing also is also used for other sports such as beach handball, where Norway's women team was fined, because they refused to wear bikini bottoms, and instead wore shorts, like the male team.

Area code 507

Area code 507 is an area code for Minnesota. It was created in 1954 as a split to area codes 218 and 612. It covers the southern portion of the state, including towns such as St. Charles, Lake Crystal, Lake Wilson, Blooming Prairie, Blue Earth, and Cannon Falls.

Oriente (Lisbon Metro)

Oriente is a station on the Red Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Campo Grande (Lisbon)

Campo Grande was a Portuguese parish ("freguesia") in the municipality of Lisbon. On 8 December 2012, it became part of the parish Alvalade.

Marquis of Pombal Square

The Marquis of Pombal Square () is an important roundabout in the city of Lisbon, Portugal. It is located between the Avenida da Liberdade (Liberty Avenue) and the Eduardo VII Park.

Hamburg America Line

Hamburg-Amerikanische Packetfahrt-Aktien-Gesellschaft (HAPAG), or simply called Hamburg America Line, was a German shipping line founded in Hamburg in 1847, it would merge with Norddeutscher Lloyd in 1970 to found Hapag-Lloyd.

It is known for having had three great ocean liners: SS Imperator, SS Vaterland and SS Bismarck, which surpassed the British Ocean Liners in size and luxury, although after the end of the First World War they would pass into British (Cunard and White Star) and American (United States Lines) hand as war reparations, The SS Deutschland which would win the coveted Blue Riband between 1900-1903 and the SS Amerika, which would be the first ship to alert the RMS "Titanic" of the Presence of icebergs.


List of minor planets: 177001–178000


106

Year 106 (CVI) was a common year starting on Thursday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar. At the time, it was known as the Year of the Consulship of Commodus and Civica (or, less commonly, year 859 "Ab urbe condita"). Writing out 106 for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the normal method in Europe for naming years.

Area codes 508 and 774

Area codes 508 and 774 are area codes for Massachusetts. Area code 508 was created in 1988 as a split from 617. It initially covered the central, northeastern, and southern portions of the state (excluding the 617 area), but after it was split by 978 in 1997, it now covers the central and southeastern portions of the state, while 978 covers the central and northeastern portions. The towns it covers include but are not limited to Worcester, Plymouth, New Bedford, Framingham, Dartmouth, and Bridgewater. It was overlaid by 774 in 2001.

Girlstuff/Boystuff

Girlstuff/Boystuff is an animated series. It aired from 2002 to 2003.

The show is about six teenage friends. They talk about differences between girls and boys. They talk about topics such as hobbies, food, music and fashion.




Azteca 7

Azteca 7 (also called: "El Siete") is a Mexican television network, owned by TV Azteca, is found both via cable and satellite.

This television network is in historical competition with the Televisa channel: "Canal 5".


Joro spider

The Joro spider is a spider from Asia, now spreading to the USA.

Claudia Webbe

Claudia Naomi Webbe (born 8 March 1965) is a British politician. She is the Member of Parliament for Leicester East since 2019. She was suspended from the party whip in September 2020 after being charged with harassment of a woman. She was then removed from the party on 3 November 2021 after being convicted in October 2021.

Linda Garrou

Linda Garrou (January 17, 1943 – March 19, 2022) was an American Democratic politician and educator. She was a member of the North Carolina General Assembly from 1999 until 2013. Garoru was born in Atlanta, Georgia. 

Garrou died on March 19, 2022 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina at the age of 79.


Marina Mahathir

Datin Paduka Marina binti Mahathir (born 9 June 1957) is a Malaysian socio-political activist and writer. She graduated from the University of Sussex. She is the eldest child of the 4th and 7th Prime Minister of Malaysia, Mahathir Mohamad. 

She is a leader in many non-governmental organizations. She is a leader in the Malaysian AIDS Foundation. She is an active socio-political blogger. She also writes for The Star newspaper since 1989 in her bi-weekly column called "Musings'. Some of her pieces in the column have been published in her books such as "50 Days: Rantings by MM", published in 1997 and "Telling It Straight. "The latter is a selection of her articles published in her column between 2003 and 2012. It includes a special written introduction on the topics discussed in the book. Besides that, it contains two previously unpublished articles."

She is an active campaigner for women's rights. In 2006 she has described the status of Muslim women in Malaysia as similar to that of the Black South Africans under apartheid.

Marina has called for an end to discrimination based on sexual orientations in 1998 and 1999.

She had appeared in Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad's Documentary released in late 2009 with the rest of the members of the Mahathir Family.

In 2010, she was awarded UN Person of The Year for her volunteer work in combatting HIV/AIDS.

In 2016 Marina denounced the destruction of Malaysian culture and traditions by what she perceives as Arab colonialism.

In January 2018, a viral video of a Muslim man slapping a Muslim woman for not wearing a hijab viral incident, Marina alerted that Islamization of Malaysia will tear the country apart. She referred to Islamization as "another form of colonisation, a concept that has never been known to being non-violent".

Uberaba

Uberaba () is a city in the state of Minas Gerais, southeast Brazil. 

It was founded in 1820 and the city status was granted in 1856. 

In 2021 about 340,277 people lived in Uberaba. The name of the city comes from the Tupi language, and means <nowiki>"bright water"</nowiki>.

It covers an area of 4,529.7 km (1,748.9 sq mi).

Svetlana Medvedeva

Svetlana Vladimirovna Medvedeva (, ; née Linnik, ; born 15 March 1965) is a Russian economist. She was the First Lady of Russia from 2008 to 2012. She is married to the former prime minister and president, Dmitry Medvedev.

Antonina Kravchuk

Antonina Mykhailivna Kravchuk (; November 3, 1935) is a Ukrainian socialite. She was the First Lady of Ukraine from 1991 until 1994. She was married to Leonid Kravchuk from 1957 until his death in 2022.

Lyudmyla Kuchma

Lyudmyla Nikolaevna Kuchma (, ; June 19, 1940) is a Ukrainian engineer and socialite. She is the wife of second Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma. She was the First Lady of Ukraine during his presidency from 1994 until 2005. 

Jurgen Rottmann

Jürgen Rottmann (born October 8, 1941) is a Chilean ornithologist. He is a founding member of the Chilean Committee for the Defence of Flora and Fauna and founder and past president of the Chilean Union of Ornithologists.

Mabandla Dlamini

Prince Mabandla Ndawombili Fred Dlamini (born 11 November 1930) is a Eswatini politician. He was Prime Minister of Swaziland from 23 November 1979 to 25 March 1983.

Pié Masumbuko

Pié Masumbuko (born 29 September 1931) is a Burundian retired politician and physician. He was a member of the Union for National Progress. He was the acting Prime Minister of Burundi from 15 January 1965 to 26 January 1965. He represented Burundi in signing the Partial Test Ban Treaty on October 4, 1963.

Prime Minister of Burundi

This article lists the prime ministers of Burundi since the creation of the post of Prime Minister of Burundi in 1961 until the present day. The office of Prime Minister was abolished in 1998, and recreated in 2020 with the appointment of Alain-Guillaume Bunyoni.


Phytophthora

Phytophthora (from Greek ("phytón"), "plant" and (); means "the plant-destroyer". It is a genus of plant-damaging oomycetes (water molds). 

They can cause enormous economic losses on crops, and damage in natural ecosystems. The cell wall of "Phytophthora" is made of cellulose. The genus was first described by Heinrich Anton de Bary in 1875. About 170 species have been described, though there are many more undescribed.

China Eastern Airlines Flight 5735

China Eastern Airlines Flight 5735 was a scheduled passenger flight from Kunming to Guangzhou in China.
On March 21, 2022, the Boeing 737-89P operating the flight crashed in Guangxi, China.

The flight left Kunming Changshui International Airport, Kunming at 13:15 local time (05:15 UTC).
It was going to Baiyun International Airport in Guangzhou.
At 14:22, the plane began to show signs of crashing.
The wreckage of the plane was found near Teng County, Guangxi.
The aircraft was carrying 132 people, including 123 passengers and 9 crew members.

According to the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC), contact with the aircraft was lost over the city of Wuzhou, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region.
At 2:20 p.m. CST, while preparing to descend into Guangzhou, the aircraft entered a sharp descent.
It fell 20,000 feet, to 7,400 feet.
The plane gained 1,200 feet before crashing into a hillside.

The accident was caught by security camera, shown in a near vertical dive without a vertical stabilizer, and with a white trail behind it as it descended, before disappearing out of view.
A piece of the aircraft was found miles away from the final crash site of the aircraft, hinting to a midair breakup.

The plane left a deep hole in a surrounding forest.

Steve Wilhite

Stephen Earl Wilhite (March 3, 1948 – March 14, 2022) was an American computer scientist. He worked at CompuServe and was the engineering lead on the team that created the GIF image file format. He won a Webby Lifetime Achievement Award in 2013. He was born in West Chester Township, Ohio.

Wilhite died of COVID-19 at a hospital in Cincinnati, Ohio, on March 14, 2022, eleven days after his 74th birthday.

Mehbooba Mufti

Mehbooba Mufti (born 22 May 1959) is an Indian politician who served as the last Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir as a State, from 4 April 2016 to 19 June 2018. She was the first woman Chief minister of the state.

Neile Adams

Ruby Neilam Salvador Adams (born July 10, 1932), known professionally as Neile Adams, is a Filipina-American actress, singer, and dancer. She was in more than 20 movies and television series between 1952 and 1991. Her best known movie roles were "Women in Chains" (1972), "Fuzz" (1972), "So Long, Blue Boy" (1973), "Chu Chu and the Philly Flash" (1981), and "Buddy Buddy" (1981).

Adams was married to Steve McQueen from 1956 until 1972 when they divorced. They had two children.

Steven R. McQueen

Steven Chadwick McQueen (born July 13, 1988), known professionally as Steven R. McQueen, is an American actor and former model. He is best known for his role as Jeremy Gilbert in The CW show "The Vampire Diaries" from 2009 to 2015 and in 2017, and its spin-off "Legacies" in 2018. He also starred as Jimmy Borrelli in the NBC dramas "Chicago Fire" from 2015 to 2016 and "Chicago P.D." in 2016.

His grandparents are actors Steve McQueen and Neile Adams.

Luc Robitaille

Luc Jean-Marie Robitaille (born February 17, 1966) is a Canadian–American professional ice hockey executive and former player. He is the president of the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was born in Montreal, Quebec. He played for the Los Angeles Kings, Pittsburgh Penguins, New York Rangers and the Detroit Red Wings. He played from 1986 until 2006. Robitaille was honored into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2009.

Cabo Ruivo (Lisbon Metro)

Cabo Ruivo is a station on the Red Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Olivais (Lisbon Metro)

Olivais is a station on the Red Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Chelas (Lisbon Metro)

Chelas Metro is a metro station on the Red Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Bela Vista (Lisbon Metro)

Bela Vista is a station on the Red Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Olaias (Lisbon Metro)

Olaias is a station on the Red Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Alameda (Lisbon Metro)

Alameda is a station on the Green and Red Lines of the Lisbon Metro.

Isthmohyla lancasteri

Lancaster's's tree frog ("Isthmohyla lancasteri") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica and Panama. Scientists have seen it between 40 and 1450 meters above sea level. It lives in premontane places, not too high up in the mountains.

Buda

Buda was the historic capital of the Kingdom of Hungary and since 1873 has been the western part of the Hungarian capital Budapest, on the west side of the Danube. Popular landmarks include Buda Castle, the Citadella, and the president of Hungary's residence, Sándor Palace.

Tarifit

Tarifit or Tarifit Berber, also known as Riffian is a Moroccan Zenati Berber language. It is spoken natively by around 7 million people.

Swachh Bharat Mission

Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, or Clean India Mission is a country-wide campaign started by the Government of India in 2014. It aims to eliminate open defecation and improve solid waste management. It is a restructured version of the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan launched in 2009 that failed to achieve its intended targets.
Phase 1 of the Swachh Bharat Mission lasted till October 2019.

Phase 2 is being implemented between 2020–21 and 2024–25 to help cement the work of Phase 1.
The campaign's official name is in Hindi. In English, it translates to "Clean India Mission". The campaign was officially launched on 2 October 2014 at Rajghat, New Delhi by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. It is India's largest cleanliness drive to date with three million government employees and students from all parts of India participating in 4,043 cities, towns, and rural communities.

Finnian of Movilla

Finnian of Movilla (–589) was an Irish Christian missionary. His feast day is 10 September. Finnian is sometimes called Finbarr "the white head", because of his hair.

Berberis microphylla

Berberis microphylla, common name box-leaved barberry and Magellan barberry, in Spanish calafate and michay and other names, is a plant. It has shiny box-like leaves.

Mamey Sapote

The Mamey Sapote is a tree native to Mexico. It occurs in large parts of South and Central America. It is known and grown for its large fruits which resemble berries. The berries are used as fruit. There are several cultivars. 

Gaj's Latin alphabet

Gaj's Latin alphabet (, ; ) is the form of the Latin script used for writing Serbo-Croatian, including Bosnian, Croatian, Montenegrin, and Serbian.

Nikola Tesla Museum

The Nikola Tesla Museum () is a science museum located in Belgrade, Serbia. It is the final resting place of Nikola Tesla.

Hog fry

A Hog Fry is a traditional Oklahoma Cherokee social meal.

At the meal, large iron kettles filled with oil or lard are placed over open fires. After that, pieces of pork are then placed in the hot oil and fried. 

Hog fries are held regularly by tribal, and church groups as well as by individual families.

The social aspect of cooking a whole hog at a Hog Fry is similar to the tradition of smoking whole hogs in North Carolina.

Sihar Sitorus

Sihar Pangihutan Hamonangan Sitorus Pane (born 12 July 1968) is an Indonesian politician and businessman who is a member of the People's Representative Council.

Nikolai Osyanin

Nikolai Viktorovich Osyanin () (December 12, 1941 – March 21, 2022) was a Soviet football player. He made his debut for USSR for a short time in 1965. He did not play again for the national team again until 1969.

Osyanin died on March 21, 2022 at the age of 80.

John Purvis

John Robert Purvis, CBE (6 July 1938 – 20 March 2022) was a British Conservative politician. He was a MEP for Mid Scotland and Fife from 1979 until 1984 and from 1999 to 2009. He was one of Scotland's seven MEPs. Purvis was born in St Andrews, Scotland.

Purvis died on 20 March 2022 from cancer in Edinburgh, Scotland at the age of 83.

Kiss Me Kosher

Kiss Me Kosher (alternate title: Kiss Me Before It Blows Up ) is a 2020 German–Israeli movie. It was directed and scripted by Shirel Peleg. 
The story is based on the true-life love story of Peleg and her partner. The movie is Peleg's first as a director.

While on vacation in Israel, Maria, a German biologist, meets the bar owner Shira and falls in love with her. Shortly after the end of the vacation, Maria has decided to stay in Israel and move in with Shira, when a misunderstanding happens and Shira believes she is being given a wedding proposal. Many complications arise. It is not only about the initial mistaken engagement but also the fact that some members of Shira's family (especially her grandmother Berta) are opposed to her marrying a German.

After hearing about the engagement, Maria's parents soon appear in Israel, and two different family worlds collide in Jerusalem.

"Kiss Me Kosher" was mostly filmed in Tel Aviv, but with some shooting in Jerusalem.

The movie was first released in Germany and Austria, and later in Switzerland in late 2020. It has since been show in several international film festivals.


Fevzi Zemzem

Fevzi Zemzem (27 June 1941 – 21 March 2022) was a Turkish professional football player. He played for the Turkey national football team from 1965 until 1969, making 18 appearances. He also made 356 appearances for Göztepe A.Ş. between 1960 until 1974.

Zemzem died on 21 March 2022 at the age of 80.

Mayawati

Mayawati (born 15 January 1956) is an Indian politician. She was the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh four times between 1995, 1997, 2002 to 2003 and from 2007 until 2012. She is the national president of the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) since 2003. From 2012 until 2017, she was a member of the Rajya Sabha.

Porto Metro

The Porto Metro (), is part of the public transport system in Porto, Portugal. The metro is a light rail network that runs underground in central Porto and above ground into the suburban.

Alvalade (Lisbon Metro)

Alvalade is a station on the Green Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Area code 309

Area code 309 is an area code that is part of Illinois. It was created as a split from 815 in 1957. It covers towns such as Bloomington, Rock Island, Galesburg, East Moline, East Peoria, Canton, and Morton. It will be overlaid by 861 on February 24, 2023.

Area code 605

Area code 605 is an area code for South Dakota. It covers the entire state of South Dakota because it is the only area code in that state, making it one of the longest area codes to cover the entire state without being split or overlaid.

Area code 312

Area code 312 is an area code that is part of Illinois. It was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire northeastern portion of Illinois, but after it was split by 708 in 1989, 630, 847, and 773, all in 1996, it now covers only downtown Chicago, with 708 and 773 covering the rest of Chicago. It was overlaid by 872 in 2009.

Civil government in Portugal

In Portugal, the civil governments (Portuguese: "Governos Civis", singular "Governo Civil") are the groups of public administration that represent the government at the district level. Each civil government is led by an administrative magistrate "and" the civil governor ("Governador Civil"). The administrative magistrate is a delegate of the central government. The civil governor is chosen by the Council of Ministers. The civil government operated under the authority of the Ministry of Internal Administration.

The role of Civil Governments has become smaller since their creation in 1835. At first, they had many powers as representatives of the central government . They also made certiain that all State services within the district worked together. They now serve as a local delegations of the Ministry of Internal Administration. Their responsibilties inclue issuing passports, public safety, and elections. 

In 2011, Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho ended all Civil Governments with Decree-Law No. 114/2011 of 30 November. That law gave all of the powers of the civil governments to other groups. These include the Municipal Chambers, the police, the National Republican Guard and the National Authority for Civil Protection). No civil governors have been appointed since this time but the post was created by the Constitution and still exists

Deez Nuts (satirist)

Deez Nuts was a satirical presidential candidate. He was run by Brady C. Olson (born ). He ran in the 2016 United States presidential election. His form to run for office was filed with the Federal Election Commission in late July 2015. 

In polls by the Public Policy Polling in Iowa, Minnesota, and North Carolina in August of 2015, he got 8, 8, and 9 percent. He also got a large amount of attention from the media. On October 11, 2015, Deez Nuts wrote on his Facebook page that he would run for the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. He said that he was able to be The Speaker even though he was not in the House of Representatives. 

In August of 2016, a poll showed that people in Texas would rather vote for Deez Nuts than Green Party candidate Jill Stein. Harambe, a dead gorilla had 2% of the vote.

Olson also supported Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders for the Democratic nomination and Ohio Governor John Kasich for the Republican nomination.


Roma (Lisbon Metro)

Roma is a station on the Green Line of the Lisbon Metro.

United States Lines

United States Lines was the trading name of the United States Shipping Board (USSB) and the Emergency Fleet Corporation (EFC), which operated from 1921 to 1991.

She was known for having among her fleet, the SS Leviathan, which for a time held the title of the "World Largest Passenger Ship" until the launch of the "Queen Mary" in 1934, the SS America (which ran aground and sank off Fuerteventura in the Canary Islands) and the SS United States, which currently holds the title of the "Fastest Passenger Ship" in history on the Transatlantic Route, with a speed of 38.32 Knots, the United States is currently anchored on the Delaware River at Pier 82 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.


Oldsmobile Bravada

The Oldsmobile Bravada is a luxury Sports Utility Vehicle (SUV), manufactured by Oldsmobile from 1990 until the company's discontinuation in 2004.

It is related to the Chevrolet Blazer and the GMC Jimmy.


Indigo Prophecy

Indigo Prophecy known in Europe as Fahrenheit is an action-adventure psychological thriller developed by Quantic Dream and published by Atari. Originally released for PlayStation 2, Microsoft Windows, and Xbox in September 2005. The player can play as Lucas Kane, a man who murdered someone while supernaturally possessed, and two police detectives investigating the case. Gameplay involves the player making decisions to change the story.

Writer and director David Cage completed the 2,000-page script in one year. Quantic Dream, and then almost eighty people, took two years to developed the game. "Indigo Prophecy" was praised for the story, characters, voice acting and music, but criticised for the ending and graphics. It sold more than one million copies. The remastered version released as "Fahrenheit" in 10th anniversary for iOS, Android, macOS, and Linux in 2015, and PlayStation 4 in 2016.

Fahrenheit (1995 video game)

Fahrenheit is a full-motion video game developed by Sega Studios and published by Sega, released for Sega 32X CD and Sega CD in 1995.

Developed primarily as a 32X CD title, it also saw to released on Sega CD, where it was a same game, but with downgrade quality. Both versions were bundled and sold together in North American released, while only Japan and Europe only saw the Sega CD version released.

Yvan Colonna

Yvan Colonna (; 7 April 1960 – 21 March 2022) was a French Corsican nationalist convicted of assassination. Colonna was born in Ajaccio, Corsica, France. He was charged with assassinating a group leader and being a member of a terrorist organisation. On 13 December 2007, Colonna was pronounced guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment.

On 2 March 2022, he was attacked and stabbed in prison by a Cameroonian Islamist prisoner, who said Colonna "disrespected prophet Muhammad". He died on 21 March 2022 at the age of 61, three weeks after being stabbed.

Eva Ingeborg Scholz

Eva Ingeborg Scholz (16 February 1928 – 21 March 2022) was a German actress. Her career began 1947. She was born in Berlin. Her best known roles were "1-2-3 Corona", "The Lost One" (1951), "The Devil's General" (1955), "Emil and the Detectives" (1964) and Rainer Werner Fassbinder's "The American Soldier" (1970).

Scholz died on 21 March 2022 at the age of 94.

Mohammad Reyshahri

Mohammad Reyshahri (), also known as Mohammad Mohammadi-Nik, (29 October 1946 – 22 March 2022), was an Iranian politician and cleric. He was the first Minister of Intelligence from 1984 to 1989 in the cabinet of Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi. Reyshahri was Prosecutor-General of Iran from 1991 until 1993. He was also a Member of the Assembly of Experts from 2016 until his death. Reyshahri was born in Rey, Iran.

Reyshahri died on 22 March 2022 in Tehran, Iran at the age of 75.

Murderville

Murderville is an American comedic murder-mystery streaming television series for Netflix. The series is based on the BBC Three television series "Murder in Successville" and it is all improved, meaning there is no script. "Murderville" premiered on February 3, 2022 with the release of all six episodes of the first season. 

It stars Will Arnett as Detective Terry Seattle. Each episode has a special guest detective such as Conan O'Brien, Marshawn Lynch, Kumail Nanjiani, Annie Murphy, Sharon Stone, and Ken Jeong.

Rob Huebel

Robert Anderson Huebel (born June 4, 1969) is an American actor, comedian and writer. He is best known for his sketch comedy work on the MTV series "Human Giant" and for his role of Dr. Owen Maestro on the Adult Swim series "Childrens Hospital". 

Erinn Hayes

Alexandra Erinn Hayes (née Carter; born May 25, 1976) is an American actress and comedian. She is known for her role as Dr. Lola Spratt on the sitcom "Childrens Hospital" (2008–2016). She was nominated for an Emmy Award for this role in 2016.

Coupe du Congo (DR Congo)

The Coupe du Congo is a football tournament in the DR Congo. It is the top Congolese knockout tournament. The tournament was first played in in 1961. It has been played every year since then except for 1962, 1962 and 2020. As of 2021, nineteen different teams have won the tournament. DC Motema Pembe has won it the most times. They have won it fourteen times. 


Isthmohyla picadoi

The Volcan Barba tree frog ("Isthmohyla picadoi") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica and Panama. Scientists have seen it between 1900 and 2650 meters above sea level.

Areeiro (Lisbon Metro)

Areeiro is a station on the Green Line of the Lisbon Metro, it is serving the Areeiro neighbourhood.

Dreux

Dreux () is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.

Banque Nationale de Paris

The Banque Nationale De Paris is a bank.

In 1966, the French government combined two of the four state-owned banks, Comptoir National d'Escompte de Paris (CNEP) and the Banque Nationale pour le Commerce et l'Industrie (BNCI), into the new Banque Nationale de Paris (BNP). 

In 1993, the French government privatized Banque Nationale de Paris.

In early 1999, Paribas agreed to a 15-billion (USD $17-billion) buyout offer from Société Générale. Not wanting to be left behind, however, rival Banque Nationale de Paris made a hostile USD $21-billion counter-offer for Paribas, and an unimaginable, separate USD 19.6-billion offer for Societe Generale (SocGen). BNP’s three-way merger proposal would have created the world's largest bank.

Uncertainties surrounding BNP’s insane ambition resulted in a drop of its share price, reducing the combined value of the offers for Paribas and SocGen to USD $38.0 billion. For months, all three banks engaged in a public relations battle in an attempt to win support from the public, shareholders, and the French banking regulator. In the end, BNP succeeded in breaking SocGen and Paribas' merger plan, and acquired Paribas to form BNP Paribas. However, it could only secure 31.5% of SocGen's shares. The French banking regulator eventually vetoed BNP's merger plan to acquire Societe Generale.

Nikko Cordial

Nikko Cordial Corporation was the holding company for Nikko Cordial Securities, Japan's third largest brokerage until 2008.

ISO 3166-2:AL

ISO 3166-2:AL is the entry for Albania in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Yamaichi Securities

Yamaichi Securities Co., Ltd. was a Japanese securities trading firm. The company announced it could cease its operations on 24 November 1997 and had eventually been declared bankrupt by the Tokyo District Court on 2 June 1999.

Nikko

Nikko may refer to:


Warner Bros. Television Distribution

Warner Bros. Television Distribution Is a Subsdiary of Warner Bros. or WarnerMedia.

Włodzimierz Bednarski

Włodzimierz Jan Bednarski (March 27, 1935 - June 12, 2020) was a Polish actor. He worked in both theater and movies. He was also a voice actor. Bednarski was born in Leszno, Poland.

In 1959, Bednarski graduated from the PWST in Warsaw, Poland . In the 1980s, he worked in movies by Stanisław Bareja . He has performed at many theaters in Warsaw.

Bednarski was best known for his dubbing roles. He has provide the voice for the Polish versions of many characters. These include Fred Flintstone , Duke Igthorn from the Disney television series "Adventures of the Gummi Bears" , Mr Owl from "Winnie the Pooh" , King Triton from "The Little Mermaid" movies , Dick Dastardly and Marvin the Martian.

In 2013, he stopped acting.

He died on June 12, 2020 at the age of 85. June 23, After the funeral on June 23, 2020, his urn was placed in the columbarium at the Wilanów cemetery in Warsaw.

Metropolitan municipality

A metropolitan municipality is a type of municipality made in some countries to serve a metropolitan area.

Arroios (Lisbon Metro)

Arroios is a station on the Green Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Sirena Irwin

Sirena Jessica Irwin (born September 26, 1977) is an American voice director, casting director and actress. Her career in animation casting/directing began in 2017 after an extensive career as an actress in animation and after a two-year mentorship with animation director Andrea Romano. Her voice directing credits include the DreamWorks Animation series "", the Nickelodeon series Baby Shark's Big Show! and the Cartoon Network series "Apple & Onion".
As an actor, Irwin has voiced many characters for animated series, including the Nickelodeon series "SpongeBob SquarePants", it's spin-off series "", the Warner Bros. television series "Batman: The Brave and The Bold" and the DreamWorks Animation series "The Mighty Ones". Her acting career also led her to win a Broadway World Award for Best Actor in a Touring Production for her role as Lucy Ricardo in "I Love Lucy: Live on Stage".

Irwin founded Oh, Zeus! after many years of writing, producing, casting, directing and acting in content on various platforms such as Netflix, Amazon Prime, Hulu, HBO Max, Paramount+, Warner Bros., Peacock, Nickelodeon and Cartoon Network.


Chinami Shimizu

Chinami Shimizu (born 8 November 1982) is a Japanese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the Japan women's national wheelchair basketball team and her club Cocktail (since 2015). She plays as a centre and forward. In 2021 she competed the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Shimizu used to play able-bodied football with Albirex Niigata Ladies during the 2003-04 Japanese women's league. She retired as a footballer in 2008 due to a left knee injury. She had injuries in her left knee since removal of her lateral meniscus when she was in grade 11 of high school. She was diagnosied with tumours of the adrenal gland (pheochromocytomas ). She suffered a cardiac arrest while undergoing surgery for it in 2012. After rehabilitation she tried multiple Para sports. As she liked team sports she started with wheelchair basketball in 2015 with the team Cocktail; where she had watched a training's session. With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games in Jakarta.

She studied at the Ehime University in Matsuyama. She works next to wheelchair basketball as a personal trainer.

Taymyr Peninsula

The Taymyr Peninsula () is a peninsula in the Far North of Russia.

Snow bunting

The snow bunting ("Plectrophenax nivalis") is a passerine bird in the family Calcariidae. It is found in the Arctic, its breeding range is throughout the northern hemisphere.

Smoky jungle frog

The smoky jungle frog ("Leptodactylus pentadactylus") is a species of frog in the family Leptodactylidae. 
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Costa Rica, Panama, France, and Peru.

European fire-bellied toad

The European fire-bellied toad ("Bombina bombina") is a fire-bellied toad native to mainland Europe.

Rana temporaria temporaria

Rana temporaria temporaria is a large land frog native to Europe. It can natively be found in Ireland and the Isle of Lewis.

Open encyclopedia

An open encyclopedia is an encyclopedia that is openly accessible, usable, editable, and distributable for any purpose. The open encyclopedia is licensed with an open license which gives permission to use the encyclopedia as described above.
The best-known and most widely used online encyclopedia is Wikipedia.


Open data

Open data is data that is openly accessible, exploitable, editable and shared by anyone for any purpose, even commercially. Open data is licensed under an open license.

Data is information that is in a machine-readable form. Data can be text, statistics, maps, images, video recordings, music, financial data and other.



James the Red Engine

James is a fictional anthropomorphic tender locomotive from "The Railway Series" children's books by the Reverend Awdry and its TV adaptation "Thomas and Friends" and its reboot "". He is a mixed-traffic engine, which means he is just as capable of pulling coaches as well as trucks. He has a 2-6-0 ("Mogul") wheel arrangement and is engine number 5 on the North Western Railway, the Fat Controller's railway on the Island of Sodor.

James first appeared in "The Railway Series" in 1946, in the book "Thomas the Tank Engine". Two books in the series, no. 3 "James the Red Engine" and no. 28 "James and the Diesel Engines", are dedicated to James.

Seven chieftains of the Magyars

The Seven chieftains of the Magyars were the leaders of the seven tribes of the Hungarians. They arrived at the Carpathian Basin in AD 895. Constantine VII, emperor of the Byzantine Empire names the seven tribes in his foreign policy"."

Voronezh State Agricultural University

Voronezh State Agricultural University () is a public university located in Voronezh, Russia.

The university was founded in 1912 by decree of Nicholas II as the Voronezh Agricultural Institute. It was named after Peter I. The grand opening took place in 1913.

In 1930 the institute was reorganized. In 1991 it was renamed into Voronezh Agricultural University.



Army Group Centre

Army Group Centre was the name of two distinct strategic German Army Groups that fought on the Eastern Front in World War II. The first Army Group Centre was created on 22 June 1941, as one of three German Army formations assigned to the invasion of the Soviet Union.

