City Heat

City Heat is a 1984 American action comedy movie directed by Richard Benjamin and starring Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Jane Alexander, Madeline Kanh, Rip Torn, Irene Cara, Richard Roundtree, Robert Davi. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Cantoira

Cantoira is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Moselle Franconian language

Moselle Franconian (German: "Moselfränkisch") is a variant of West Central German. It is spoken in southern Rhineland and in the Moselle. It is also spoken in North Rhine-Westphalia, western Rhineland-Palatinate, Saarland, Luxembourg, and Belgium.

The variants or varieties of Moselle Franconian:




Future Nostalgia

Future Nostalgia is the second studio album by English singer Dua Lipa. It was released on 27 March 2020. It has the singles "Don't Start Now", "Physical", "Break My Heart", and "Levitating". The standard edition of the album was re-released to include a remix of "Levitating" which features rapper DaBaby, along with the track "Fever" with Angèle. It is also available in a bonus edition and a Moonlight Edition.

The album won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album in 2021.

Yael Danon

Yael Danon (born in Panama City, January 16, 2006) is a Panamanian singer. She is best known for having been a contestant on the Israeli edition of the talent competition series "Israel's Got Talent". She is also known for her popular song "To Change" and for her covers of the songs "Hello" by Adele, "Fix You" by Coldplay and "Wonderwall" by Oasis. She began gaining attention as a singer in November of 2015 when she began posting videos of her singing through Instagram and her YouTube channel, as well as performing in musicals. She was then featured on "Got Talent" in December 2018. She is known to have been the winner of the Youth Category of the "Israel Got Talent" competition after she performed a one-time rendition of the Oasis song "Wonderwall." Although she was born in Panama, she grew up with her parents in Israel.

The Day the Fish Came Out

The Day the Fish Came Out is a 1967 Greek British comedy movie directed by Michael Cacoyannis and starring Tom Courtenay, Colin Blakely, Sam Wanamaker, Candice Bergen, Ian Ogilvy, Dimitris Nikolaidis. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Caprie

Caprie is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Caravino

Caravino is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Saint-Mars-de-Coutais

Saint-Mars-de-Coutais is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Mars-du-Désert, Loire-Atlantique

Saint-Mars-du-Désert is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Peace's Road

Peace's Road () is a 1917 Hungarian silent movie directed by Michael Curtiz.

Saint-Michel-Chef-Chef

Saint-Michel-Chef-Chef is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Molf

Saint-Molf is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Carema

Carema is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Hassan Eklili

Hassan Eklili () (born 1 January 1953) is an Iranian comedian, actor and producer. He was born in Isfahan, Iran. 

Which has played many works that are mostly in the city of Isfahan. He became famous by playing in the series "" and then increased his popularity by playing in the series "Hasht Behesht".

Breel Embolo

Breel Donald Embolo (born 14 February 1997) is a Swiss football player. He plays as a forward for AS Monaco and the Switzerland national team.

Basel Youth

Basel

Individual

Kingdom of Bavaria

The Kingdom of Bavaria (; ) was a historic German state that existed from 1805–1918. It became the Free State of Bavaria in 1918 and today since 1945 it is now called Bavaria.

Ivrea

Ivrea is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont. It has about 23,500 people.

We're No Angels (1955 movie)

We're No Angels is a 1955 American crime comedy movie directed by Michael Curtiz and was based on the 1952 French play "La Cuisine Des Angels" by Albert Husson. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Aldo Ray, Peter Ustinov, Joan Bennett, Leo G. Carroll, Basil Rathbone, Gloria Talbott and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was remade in 1989.


Cudahy, California

Cudahy is a city in Los Angeles County, California. At the 2020 census, 22,811 people lived here.

People's State of Bavaria

The People's State of Bavaria (, Bavarian: "Voiksstaat Bayern") was a small socialist state in Germany that existed from 1918 to 1919.

Stabyhoun

The Stabyhoun or Stabij is a rare dog breed. There are only about 6000 dogs of this type in the world. It is a spaniel type of working dog.

The Stabyhoun was first noted in the Netherlands in the early 1800s where it was used as a working dog on farms and for hunting, specifically in the province of Friesland.

These dogs are usually black and white, with a smaller number being brown and white and very small number of yellow and white examples.

The Stabyhoun is a gentle breed that is patient with children and other dogs. To keep them happy, like all gun dogs, they need a lot of exercise.

Marcian

Marcian (; ; ; 392 – 26 January 457) was Roman emperor in the east of the Roman Empire from 450 to 457 AD. 

He was a soldier who worked for the generals Ardabur and his son Aspar for fifteen years. When the emperor Theodosius II died on 28 July 450, Marcian was made a candidate to be emperor by Aspar. Aspar had power because he controlled the Roman army.

After a month of negotiation, Pulcheria, Theodosius' sister, agreed to marry Marcian. Zeno, a man with almost as much power as Aspar, may have been part of these negotiations. Zeno got the high title of after Marcian became emperor, perhaps as a reward. Marcian was inaugurated as Emperor on 25 August 450.

Marcian undid many of the acts of TheodosiusII in the Romans' relations with the Huns (led by Attila) and in the organization of the Christian Church. Marcian soon broke all treaties with Attila, ending all subsidy payments to him. In 452, while Attila and the Huns were attacking the Italian Peninsula (part of the western Roman Empire), Marcian's armies attacked across the Danube river into the Great Hungarian Plain. There the Roman armies overcame the Huns in their own country. Because of this, and because of a famine and epidemic in northern Italy, the western Roman Empire was able to bribe Attila into retreating from the Italian Peninsula.

When Attila died in 453, it was the downfall of the Huns' power. Marcian improved the Romans' position by allowing Germanic peoples to live in Roman lands as allies. They did military service in exchange for this right. Marcian called together the Council of Chalcedon, which agreed that Jesus had two "natures": divine and human. This made the populations of Roman Syria and Roman Egypt Marcian's enemies. People in these places did not agree with this official Christology. 

Marcian died on 26 January 457. At the end of Marcian's life, the Empire's treasury was full of money. There were seven million more gold coins than were needed, even though the cost of the wars and treaties with the Huns had been high. After Marcian died, Aspar decided against Marcian's son-in-law Anthemius being emperor. Aspar used his power to make Leo I emperor.

Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears

Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears () (this is an old Russian proverb) is a 1980 Russian romantic drama movie directed by Vladimir Menshov and starring Vera Alentova, Irina Muravyova, Raisa Ryazanova, Aleksey Batalov, Aleksandr Fatyushin, Oleg Tabakov. It was distributed by Mosfilm.


The Straw Hat

The Straw Hat (, translit. "Solomennaya shlyapka") is a 1974 Russian musical comedy movie directed by Leonid Kvinikhidze and was based on the play by Eugène Marin Labiche and Marc-Michel. It stars Andrei Mironov, Vladislav Strzhelchik, Zinovi Gerdt, Yefim Kopelyan, Igor Kvasha, Alisa Freindlich and was distributed by Lenfilm.

Blood of the Virgins

Blood of the Virgins () is a 1967 Argentine horror movie directed by Emilio Vieyra (who also stars) and starring Ricardo Bauleo, Rolo Puente, Gloria Prat, Walter Kliche.

Jigme Chhoeda

HH "Tulku" Jigme Chhoeda became the 70th Je Khenpo of Bhutan in 1996, and became the longest-serving holder of the office.

The Official Story

The Official Story (), also known as The Official Version, is a 1985 Argentine war drama movie directed by Luis Puenzo. It stars Norma Aleandro, Héctor Alterio, Hugo Arana, Chunchuna Villafañe, Guillermo Battaglia, Chela Ruiz, Patricio Contreras and was nominated for 2 Oscars and won an Academy Awards in 1986.

Changlimithang Stadium

Changlimithang Stadium is the multi-purpose stadium in Thimphu, Bhutan. It is predominantly a home for the Bhutanese national football team and also is used for other purposes. It was inaugurated in 1974 for the coronation of His Majesty the Fourth Druk Gyalpo Jigme Singye Wangchuck and further refurbished in 2007 for the coronation of the Druk Gyalpo Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck. 

The Curious Dr. Humpp

The Curious Dr. Humpp also known as La venganza del sexo (Spanish for "revenge of sex") is a 1969 Argentine science fiction horror movie directed by Emilio Vieyra and starring Ricardo Bauleo, Gloria Prat, Aldo Barbero.


Jigme Singye Wangchuck

Jigme Singye Wangchuck is the former king of Bhutan. He abdicated his throne in favour of his son, His Majesty the King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck in 2006.

Old Gringo

Old Gringo is a 1989 American romantic adventure movie directed by Luis Puenzo and was based on the novel of the same name by Carlos Fuentes. It stars Gregory Peck, Jane Fonda, Jimmy Smits, Patricio Contreras, Jenny Gago, Gabriela Roel and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was a box office failure.


The Joker Is Wild

The Joker Is Wild is a 1957 American biographical musical drama movie directed by Charles Vidor and based on the biography of Joe E. Lewis by Art Cohn. It stars Frank Sinatra, Mitzi Gaynor, Jeanne Crain, Eddie Albert, Jackie Coogan, Beverly Garland, Barry Kelley and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It won an Academy Award in 1958.

The Last Train

The Last Train () is a 2002 Argentine Spanish Uruguayan comedy-drama movie directed by Diego Arsuaga and starring Héctor Alterio, Federico Luppi, Pepe Soriano, Gastón Pauls, Alfonso Tort.

I Never Been in Vienna

I Never Been in Vienna is a 1989 Argentine drama movie directed by Antonio Larreta and starring China Zorrilla, Sergi Mateu, Alberto Segado, María Teresa Costantini, Víctor Laplace, Chunchuna Villafañe, Mercedes Morán, Carlos Rivkin.

Manipuri Pony

The Manipuri Pony or Meitei Horse (; ) is a traditional Indian breed of horse, mainly found in the plains of Manipur. It appears in the both history and the mythology of Manipur. In the past, it was used for warfare as well as for polo games.

Since ancient times, Manipuri horses were used for both warfare and polo.

Samadon Ayangba, the mythical horse with wings, was created by Sanamahi, in the moon land. Later, it became the war-horse for Marjing, the god who invented the game of polo. Legend says Samadon Ayangba is the ancestor of the present day Manipuri horse.

SAP (file format)

SAP is a way to store music data from the Atari 8-bit family that uses the POKEY sound chip. Most popular music for the Atari 8-bit family was written between 1981 and 1987.

SAP files are similar to SID (Commodore 64), SPC (Super Nintendo Entertainment System) and NSF (Nintendo Entertainment System) files because players emulate the CPU and sound hardware of the system to play music.

SAP files can be played by a SAP player, which many platforms have. For example, VLC version 2 and higher can play SAP files on Mac computers using the PowerPC and Intel architectures. There are also tools to turn SAP files to other formats.


Meitei Wikipedia

The Meitei Wikipedia (also Manipuri Wikipedia, Meetei Wikipedia, ) is the Meitei language edition of Wikipedia, the free online encyclopedia. It is the first and the only Indian wikipedia from the Sino-Tibetan language family. Its form was started in the year 2018 and became a complete Wikipedia in the year 2021. Till now, it has articles.


The following logos were proposed in the past. 


Reise, Reise

Reise, Reise is a 2004 album from German industrial metal band Rammstein. The album is loosely based off of Japan Airlines Flight 123, the deadliest aviation accident in history.

SD Eibar

Sociedad Deportiva Eibar (in ) is a Spanish footall team that is based in Eibar, Gipuzkoa. They were founded on November 30, 1940. They currently play at the Ipurua Municipal Stadium, in Eibar.

Note: this list includes players that have appeared in at least 100 league games and/or have reached international status.


2022 FIFA World Cup Final

The 2022 FIFA World Cup Final was the last game of the 2022 FIFA World Cup, which is a big competition for men's national football teams held by FIFA. The match took place at Lusail Stadium in Lusail, Qatar, on 18 December 2022, which is Qatar's National Day. Argentina and defending champions France were the teams playing in the final. It was watched by 88,966 fans in the stadium, and an astonishing 1.5 billion people watched it on TV, making it one of the most-watched sports events ever. The tournament had 32 teams, including the host country Qatar and 31 others who qualified through competitions organized by FIFA. They first played in groups, and then 16 teams made it to the knockout stage.

In the lead-up to the final, Argentina did well in Group C, with a loss to Saudi Arabia but wins against Mexico and Poland. In the knockout stage, they defeated Australia, the Netherlands, and Croatia. France, on the other hand, topped Group D with wins against Australia and Denmark, and a loss to Tunisia. They beat Poland, England, and Morocco in the knockout rounds to reach the final.

During the final, Lionel Messi scored a penalty in the 23rd minute to give Argentina the lead. Ángel Di María later scored another goal in the 36th minute. Kylian Mbappé scored twice in the 81st minute to equalize for France. During extra time, Messi scored again to give Argentina a 3-2 lead. Mbappé scored another penalty to tie the game 3-3 just minutes before the end. Eventually, Argentina won the penalty shoot-out 4-2, securing their third World Cup title and their first since 1986.

It was a memorable final, with Argentina becoming the second team to win the World Cup after losing their first game. France scored three goals in the final but still lost, a first in World Cup history. Lionel Messi was named the man of the match and received the Golden Ball award for being the best player in the tournament. Many experts and fans consider this match as one of the greatest World Cup finals and one of the best matches in football history.
The final will be played in the Lusail Iconic Stadium in Lusail, which is around north of the city centre of Doha. The stadium was planned to host the final as part of Qatar's World Cup bid, and was confirmed as the final venue on 15 July 2020. Nine other matches, six group stage and three other knockout games will also be played at the stadium.

The Lusail Iconic Stadium, owned by the Qatar Football Association, was built because of Qatar's winning bid for the World Cup. The stadium was designed by British firm Foster + Partners and Populous, supported by MANICA Architecture. The stadium will be cooled using solar power and will have a zero carbon footprint. Construction started in April 2017, and was supposed to finish in 2020. But, the construction of the stadium was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and ended up finishing in November 2021. There still has not been a game played in the stadium.

<section begin=Final /><section end=Final />
<section begin=Line-ups />

</includeonly><section end=Line-ups />
Match rules

Wycombe Wanderers F.C.

Wycombe Wanderers Football Club is an English football team, that is based in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. The team currently plays in the . Their home stadium is Adams Park.

 (posthumous)



Manung Kangjeibung

The "Manung Kangjeibung" (, ) is an ancient Polo Ground, situated inside the Kangla, the old metropolis of Ancient Manipur. It is the inner polo ground, that is one of the two significant polo grounds, another is Mapal Kangjeibung (outer polo ground, outside the Kangla).

The Meitheis

"The Meitheis" is an encyclopedic book written by ""Thomas Callan Hodson"". It is about the traditions, folklore and folktales of the Meitei ethnicity. It is a monograph, originally published under the orders of the Government of Eastern Bengal and Assam in 1908.

Michelle Wu

Michelle Wu (born January 14, 1985) is an American lawyer and politician. Wu is the 55th Mayor of Boston since 2021. She was a member of the Boston City Council from 2014 until 2021. A Taiwanese-American, she is the first Asian American woman to serve on the council or be Boston's mayor. From January 2016 to January 2018, she was president of the council and was its first woman of color president. 

In September 2020, Wu announced her candidacy for Mayor of Boston in the 2021 election. In November 2021, Wu won the election and became the first woman and person of color elected to the mayoral office.

Charlyne Yi

Charlyne Amanda Yi (born January 4, 1986) is an American actress, comedian, musician and writer. She is known for her role as Dr. Chi Park on the Fox medical drama "House", the voice of every Ruby on the Cartoon Network animated series "Steven Universe" (2013—2019), the voice of Chloe Park on "We Bare Bears" (2014—2019) and the voice of Alice on "Summer Camp Island" (2018—present).


Pfarrkirchen

Pfarrkirchen (Bavarian: "Pfarrkiacha") is a municipality in southern Lower Bavaria. It is the capital of Rottal-Inn.

Sabino Cassese

Sabino Cassese (born 20 October 1935) is an Italian politician, lawyer and academic. He was a Judge of the Constitutional Court of Italy from 2005 until 2014.

Gianni Letta

Gianni Letta (born 15 April 1935) is an Italian journalist and politician. He is a close advisor of Silvio Berlusconi. He is a member of the advisory board of Goldman Sachs International. He was Secretary of the Council of Ministers three times: 1994-1995, 2001-2006 and 2008-2011.

Rentberry

Rentberry, Inc. is an international long-term rental marketplace company based in San Francisco, California, United States. The company was founded in 2015 by Alex Lubinsky and Lily Ostapchuk.

In 2015, Oleksiy Lyubinsky and Lilia Ostapchuk founded Rentberry in San Francisco, United States.

That same year, the prototype of the Rentberry product raised $845,000 from 12 international investors, including Carlyle Group, Synergo Private Equity, IFC, Pegasus Capital, Abris Capital and Ericsson.

In 2017, the company began working with ListHub, Realtor.com and Walk Score to combine rental bulletin boards.

In October 2017, Rentberry raised $4.5 million in venture financing. Zing Capital became a leading investor, joining Nelson Brothers Property Management, Hopewell Development, 808 Ventures, Beechwood Ventures, Jade Value.

In 2018, Rentberry signed its first international partnership with OnTheMarket and entered the rental market in the UK.

In June 2019, the platform became available in more than 50 countries, including Australia, Canada, Germany, Spain, Italy and more.

Rentberry offers a decentralized platform for landlords and tenants, based on a transparent process for submitting and reviewing rental applications, online payments, a risk assessment system for potential tenants and homeowners. Rent is paid through the website To do this, Rentberry works with HelloSign, offering tenants and landlords to sign sign legally binding documents digitally on the platforms.

Rentberry also uses the DataUSA.io API service and database, providing tenants with information about the area where the tenant is looking for housing, including population, average age, poverty rate, average income, average property value, and more.

On September 10, 2018, Rentberry launched mobile applications for tenants and landlords on both iOS and Android.

The American press gave mixed reviews and called Rentberry "eBay for rent", claiming that the platform could only lead to a rise in the rental market.

Since the first launch, the controversial bidding tool (a tenant can set a preferred price for an apartment) has been discussed in Vanity Fair, The Wall Street Journal, The Independent, HuffingtonPost, CBS SF BayArea, SFGate, Inman, Curbed and other media.

In March 2018, Seattle City Council imposed a one-year moratorium on platforms where you can bargain for rent, as in Rentberry. In March 2019, Rentberry lost the case in the US District Court. Reports say the Seattle City Council plans to extend the moratorium for another year. As of June 2019, Rentberry is agglomerating the lists (boards) of rental housing in Seattle, as the moratorium has not yet been extended.

Johanniskirchen

Johanniskirchen is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Rarotongan language

Rarotongan is one of the Polynesian languages that is spoken in the Cook Islands. It is an Eastern Polynesian language that is the official language of the Cook Islands officially known as Cook Islands Māori. Cook Islands Māori is closely related to New Zealand Māori, but is a distinct language in its own right.

Straßlach-Dingharting

Straßlach-Dingharting is a municipality in Munich in Bavaria in Germany.

Elaine Welteroth

Elaine Marie Welteroth (born December 10, 1986) is an American journalist, an author, editor and anchor.

Welteroth was born in Newark in California, United States. Welteroth holds bachelor's degree in journalism from California State University, Sacramento. 

La otra y yo

La otra y yo, also known as "The Other and Me" in English, is a 1949 Argentine comedy movie. It is directed by Antonio Momplet and starring Amelia Bence, Enrique Alvarez Diosdado, Fernando Lamas, Mercedes Simone.

Dance of Fire (movie)

Dance of Fire () is a 1949 Argentine Spanish comedy movie directed by Daniel Tinayre and starring Amelia Bence, Francisco de Paula, Enrique Diosdado, Alberto Closas, Floren Delbene, Otto Sirgo, Agustín Barrios.

Bitter Rice

Bitter Rice ( ) is a 1949 Italian drama movie directed by Giuseppe De Santis and starring Vittorio Gassman, Doris Dowling, Silvana Mangano, Raf Vallone, Checco Rissone, Nico Pepe, Adriana Sivieri, Carlo Mazzarella. It was nominated for an Academy Awards in 1951.


It's the Great Pancake, Cleveland Brown

"It's the Great Pancake, Cleveland Brown" is the 4th episode of The Cleveland Shows 2nd season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on November 7, 2010. The episode was written by Aseem Batra. Ron Rubio is the director of the episode. About 6.70 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast.

Cleveland Junior wants to go trick-or-treating. Cleveland Brown says that he is too old to do so. The rest of the family goes trick-or-treating and makes Junior get candy from trick-or-treaters. Junior goes trick-or-treating anyway but other teenagers throw eggs at him. He feels foolish and Cleveland tries to make him act more mature. Junior goes to a party that his sister Roberta is going to, but he is still bullied at the party. Donna (Cleveland's wife) tells Cleveland to help Junior act like himself. Cleveland goes to the party and throws eggs with Junior at the people who were bullying him.

Donna says to Rallo that he can only have one piece of candy a day. He eats too many and one of his teeth falls off. He tries to hide the tooth under a pillow. Donna finds it and tells him that the tooth fairy took it and give him a quarter.

"It's the Great Pancake, Cleveland Brown" was written by Aseem Batra. Ron Rubio is the director of the episode.

About 6.70 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast. Jason Hughs of TV Squad feels that the episode's story comes from Seth MacFarlane's parents saying that he is too old to go trick-or-treating. This happens to Cleveland Junior in the episode. Hughs loved the part with Cleveland helping Junior throw eggs at the bullies, then saying "he was on his own" after that. Emily VanDerWerff from "The A.V. Club" liked the story of Cleveland Junior being too old for trick-or-treating but not old enough for dressing up for Halloween. She thought the rest of the episode was boring.


Los Irrompibles

Los Irrompibles (English: "The Un-breakables") is a 1975 Argentine western movie directed by Emilio Vieyra and starring Jorge Martínez, Ricardo Espalter, Graciela Alfano, Roberto Escalada, Santiago Gómez Cou, Betiana Blum, Enrique Almada, Eduardo D'Angelo.

Sagol Kangjei

"Sagol Kangjei" (, ) is an ancient traditional form of the modern polo, which was played in Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) since 3100 BC till present. It was reproduced into a formal sports form by King Ningthou Kangba, of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). Manipuri horses are notably used in the game.

The fact that Manipur is the birth place of polo is already supported by the Guinness World Records, by a declaration in the year 1991, as:
<poem>
"Polo can be traced to origins in Manipur state c. 3100 BC, when it was played as Sagol Kangjei."
</poem>
_Guinness World Records, 1991, page no. 706.


Wakoklon Heelel Thilel Salai Amailon Pukok Puya

The Wakoklon Heelel Thilen Salai Amailon Pukok Puya, shortly known as the Wakoklon, is one of the oldest scriptures (puyas) in Sanamahism, the Meetei religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). It is verified that it was written in 1398 BC (3400 years ago) by the National Archives, New Delhi. The text is considered by the people and the Government of Manipur as the source of the Kanglei Eeyek (Meetei script). The Wakoklon recommends only 18 letters to be used in the Meetei writing system. One of the most important lines written in the text is "Konsen Tuleisengpa Sana Ee Mahi". The text also mentions about the ancestral rituals to please the deities.


Loktak Lake

Loktak Lake () is the largest freshwater lake in India, located in the central plains of the state of Manipur. It is famous for the phumdis (or floating islands) that float on it, of which the largest forms the Keibul Lamjao National Park, the only floating national park in the world. It is also known as the "world's only floating lake" and is a tourist attraction in Northeast India.


Abdülkadir Topkaç

Abdülkadir Topkaç () (1954; , Diyarbakır – February 21, 2021; , Diyarbakır) was a Turkish astronomer who demonstrated the curved movement of the Moon around Earth's orbit.

Topkaç was born in Diyarbakır in 1954. Topkaç was a primary school graduate, he was a bakery master on simit. In fact, Topkaç has been interested in astronomy since his youth, and published his studies in 1991 when he started to observe the movements of the Moon with his binoculars. Topkaç bought his first telescope for $2.5K in Istanbul in 1992, an old servant telescope he bought from the Soviet Union. His telescope was vandalized by PKK. Upon this, as a result of an aid campaign organized on social media, a telescope worth ₺16K was bought for Topkaç.

By achieving the moon's viewing angle for a month in 1992, Topkaç observed that the movement of the Moon at Earth's orbit is in form of the arc. Topkaç received the address of the NASA from tourists paid visit to Diyarbakır, then sent his study to NASA and TUBITAK National Observatory.

He had 8 children with his wife. However, his spouse and children dumped Topkaç in 2001, believing that he was insane.

Topkaç was treated for cancer at Dicle University Oncology Hospital and died on February 21, 2021. His funeral was held down in district of Dicle, Diyarbakır.

Keibul Lamjao National Park

The Keibul Lamjao National Park is a national park in the Bishnupur district of the state of Manipur. It is 40 km2 (15.4 sq mi) in area, is the only floating national park in the world and is part of Loktak Lake.

It was declared a national park in 1986. The park was created to protect endangered species of animals, birds and plants. As of the 2020s, there are Sangai deer of Manipur, 233 species of aquatic plants, one hundred species of birds, 425 species of animals.


Sangai

The sangai is an endemic and endangered subspecies of the brow-antlered deer. It is found only in the Keibul Lamjao National Park of Manipur. It is often called the "dancing deer" in everyday speech.

Mani Heidari

Mani Heidari (, original name Mohammad Ebnali Heidari; July 11, 1989) is an Iranian Actor and Producer.

Mani Heidari started his career in 2008 with the movie Face to Face,and then he continued his work in the movie Ekbatan.

His heyday began with his entry into television in 2012,After entering television, he had a very good collaboration with artists such as Mehdi Hashemi , Pejman Bazeghi, Afshin Sangchap and Danial Hajibarat. 

Johanna Hiedler

Johanna Hiedler or Johanna Hüttler (19 January 1830 – 8 February 1906) was the mother of Klara Hitler and grandmother of Adolf Hitler. She lived in Waldviertel.

Muhsin Yazıcıoğlu

Muhsin Yazıcıoğlu (December 31, 1954 – March 25, 2009) is a Turkish politician. He born in Sivas on 31 December 1954.

Dendropsophus joannae

The acre tree frog ("Dendropsophus joannae") is a frog that lives in Bolivia and Brazil.

Audu Bako Zoological Garden

Audu Bako Zoological Garden (also known as Audu Bako Zoo) is a Zoological Garden in Kano, Nigeria. The garden has over 70 species (different kind of animals).

The garden was established in 1971 by the past military administrator, Audu Bako.

List of tourist attractions in Manipur

There are many tourist attractions in Manipur, resulting from the large scale construction boom. The kingdom is best known for the innumerable ancient sites of the early civilization and natural recreation sites. 
Here is a list of a few of the attractions:






Traveling in Manipur can be a bit risky because there are some problems there. If you really have to go there, here are some important things to remember to stay safe:


Gopal Krishna Gokhale

Gopal Krishna Gokhale, CIE (9 May 1866 – 19 February 1915) was an Indian liberal political leader and a social reformer during the Indian Independence Movement. Gokhale was a senior leader of the Indian National Congress and the founder of the Servants of India Society.

Joe Hahn

Joseph Hahn (born March 15, 1977) is an American musician, DJ, director and visual artist best known as the DJ and backing vocalist of the American rock band Linkin Park, doing the scratching, turntables, sampling, and programming for all seven of Linkin Park's albums.

Khamnung Kikoi Louonbi

Khamnung Kikoi Louonbi () is a goddess in Meitei mythology and religion. She is the divine feminine personification of the death. She carries off the souls of people to the underworld () when the time allotted to them to live had expired. If any soul is not willing to accompany her, then she will either serve it a false magical fruit to agree with her conducts or transform herself into the looks of a person, who is the dearest to the soul, especially that of mother, and persuade it (the soul). By any means, she will bring the souls of the dead people to the netherworld. She is the consort of Thongalel, the God of the death and the ruler of the underworld. She is said to be created from the very body of Salailen Sidaba, the Supreme Being.


Solange Sanfourche

Solange Sanfourche (July 18, 1922, Carsac-Aillac - June 12, 2013, Sarlat-la-Canéda) was a French resistance fighter during World War II. In Périgueux in December 1945, Sanfourche married Édouard Valéry, who was the head of the resistance movement during World War II. Sanfourche, whose nom de guerre was Marie-Claude, was a secretary, typist and liaison. During the occupation, the Sanfourche family had housed and concealed dozens of secret battles in Périgueux, which the Gestapo or the French militia wanted to access.

List of conglomerates

A conglomerate is a combination of multiple business entities operating in entirely different industries under one corporate group, usually involving a parent company and many subsidiaries. 
Often, a conglomerate is a multi-industry company.

Conglomerates are typically large and multinational.
























































Hushang Harirchiyan

Hushang Harirchiyan () is an Iranian Comedian and Actor born on August 11, 1932 in Isfahan ,Iran. 

He has acted in several movies and series, and from 1957, he officially started working for Radio Isfahan as an actor, announcer, producer, reporter, director and presenter of entertainment-artistic programs. In 1984,He started his cinematic activity by acting in the movie "Jafar Khan az farang Bargashteh" directed by . 

Hugues Charlot

Hugues, baron Charlot was a French general. He was born June 10, 1757 in Voiron (Isère) and died December 18, 1821 in Bordeaux (Gironde). He was a general of the Revolution and the Empire. 

List of Mona the Vampire episodes

"Mona the Vampire" is an American children’s animated television series that aired on CINAR, YTV and Connecticut Public Television. It was created by Sonia Holleyman. The series broadcast 65 episodes over 4 seasons, from October 1, 1999 to October 13, 2003.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>

Caroline van der Plas

Carolina Ann Maria "Caroline" van der Plas (born 6 June 1967) is a Dutch journalist and politician. She is party leader of FarmerCitizenMovement ("BoerBurgerBeweging" - shortened BBB). That party is focused on the interests of the rural environment in general and of the farmers in particular.

Van der Plas started her career in journalism at the Deventer Dagblad. She specialised in agricultural topics. From 2019 to 2020, she was chief editor of "Pig Business" magazine and pigbusiness.nl website.

Van der Plas was co-founder of the FarmerCitizenMovement in 2019. She was a list puller in the 2021 Dutch general election. Van der Plas was the only one of her party who was elected, so she has been both parliamentary group leader and an MP since March 2021.

Van der Plas was born Cuijk. She lives in Deventer. She is a widow (her husband died in 2019) with two sons. Her father was a well-known Deventer sports journalist. Her mother was a CDA alderwoman in the same Overijssel city. She herself was also a member of the CDA party. In 2018, she gave up membership because of the lack of support for the farmer's interests in her opinion.

Her party in recent months has surged ahead in opinion polling after a strong showing in the 2023 elections.


Nathalie Yamb

Nathalie Yamb (b. July 22, 1969) is a Cameroonian-Swiss activist and businesswoman. She is well-known for opposing the actions of France in Africa, which her and others describe as colonial. She was born in Switzerland and grew up in Cameroon, then went to university in Germany. In the 2010s, she helped run a political party in Ivory Coast. However, she was deported in 2019 without a trial after she criticized the Ivory Coast government at a conference in Russia. Her anti-French activism earned her in January 2022 a ban on entry and stay on French territory, made public in October 2022. Yamb participated as an "independent international observer" during 2022 sham referendums in Eastern Ukraine.

Cleveland Brown Jr.

Cleveland Orenthal Brown Jr. is a fictional character in the television shows "Family Guy" and "The Cleveland Show". He is the son of Cleveland Brown and Loretta Brown. He was first shown to be thin and active. In "The Cleveland Show", he was changed to be older and more obese. Mike Henry was the voice actor for Cleveland Jr. when he was first seen in "Family Guy". Kevin Michael Richardson became the voice actor when he was in "The Cleveland Show" and in "Family Guy" episodes after that.

He is 14 Cleveland's old. Cleveland got custody of Cleveland Jr. when Loretta got a divorce. They moved to a fictional (not real) city in Virginia named Stoolbend. Cleveland married Donna Brown and her children (Rallo and Roberta Tubbs) became Cleveland Jr.'s stepsiblings.

Ancient Meitei science and technology

The Ancient science and technology of the Meitei ethnicity describes scientific knowledge, practices, devices and technologies invented or used in Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). The Meitei ethnicity invented and used many simple machines. They also invented many advanced scientific methods in the field of medicine, astronomy. Most of the ancient knowledge are recorded in the manuscripts, which are popularly known as the Puya (Meitei texts).

The Ancient Meitei astronomers had developed the knowledge of the planets, stars and other heavenly bodies. They believed in the nine planets, which includes the sun and the moon, and excludes the Earth and Pluto.
The "Hidaklon" is an early work on the various medicinal herbs and their usage of curing the ailments.

The "Leiron" is an old work on the different species of flowering plants (angiosperms).

The development of metallurgy was well advanced in the Kakching region in Ancient Manipur. It used various techniques and methods to extract iron ores and convert them into usable forms.
Yangtoupa (Yangdouba) and Yangtoupi (Yangdoubi) are the god and the goddess of time in Meitei mythology, folklore and religion (Sanamahism) of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). The earliest known record of the existence of the cult of the two time controlling deities dates back to the 2nd century AD during the reign of King Khuyoi Tompok (aka "Khuiyoi Tompok"). The wooden statues of the two deities are the first known sculptures ever created.

The wooden idols of the two deities are the supporting devices to the ancient Meitei time measuring device. The two deities mounted on the frame, being separated by seven "Kangkhils" (seeds). Yangtoupa (Yangdouba), the god, is allowed to move towards Yangtoupi (Yangdoubi), the goddess, after each dip of the bowl. When the two deities meet each other, one day of the month is recorded according to the set mechanism.

The two deities are offered foods and worshipped by the Tanyeishang Loishang (lit. "Time Keeping Office") on the day of Cheiraoba (Meitei new year). In honor of the two deities, the Loishang (lit. "office") celebrated the Cheiraoba. This is an important part of the Meitei tradition.


Juansher Burchuladze

Juansher Burchuladze (born 14 January 1978) is a Georgian politician. He is the current Minister of Defense of Georgia since 22 February 2021.


Anna Tigipko

Anna Tigipko (born May 9, 1984, Dnipro, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian entrepreneur, manager and founder of izibank .In 1997 she moved to Kyiv, where she studied at the gymnasium №153. Since 2002 she continued her studies abroad at St Edward's School in Oxford.

In 2002-2005 she studied at the European Business School of London. In 2006-2007 she continued her studies at CASS Business School, City University and obtained a master's degree.

Anna has experience in the financial sector as she helped to develop and launch different projects within TAS Group in Ukraine including Asset Management company and TAS PHARMA division.

In 2019, Anna initiated the creation of the Ukrainian mobile-only bank called izibank. This fintech project was created together with the TAS group, which works under the license of TASKOMBANK. Around $2 million were invested into the project.

Anna is married. She brings up 4 children.

Hasht Behesht

Hasht Behesht () is a 2012-2015 Iranian drama-comedy television series. It is directed by Saeed Alemzadeh.

The series has been made in 26 episodes in the first season,More than forty actors have starred in the series. Its subject is in different ethnic groups of Iranian culture.

The series Hasht Behesht has been broadcast on various national television channels in Iran, such as IRIB TV3 and IRIB Shoma and continues to be broadcast on various Iranian television channels.
Iraj and his brother found out that near their hotel, all the different Iranian ethnic groups want to offer their handicrafts and food in the bazaar. But there are problems along the way. Meanwhile, Iraj's son, Arman, has fallen in love with her classmate at university...




Marbled tree frog

The marbled tree frog or marbled toad ("Dendropsophus marmoratus") is a frog that lives in the Amazon Basin. Scientists have seen it in Colombia, Bolivia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Venezuela, and Brazil. Scientists have seen them as high as 1000 m above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 29.8 to 41.5 mm in length from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 46.5 to 49.7 mm long. This frog is brown to green to reddish brown in color with a white belly.

This frog lives in forests most of the time, but many of them move to areas with few trees to lay eggs. For example, they may go to temporary bodies of water or flooded ditches near the edges of the forest.

North Shields

North Shields is a coastal town. It is eight miles (13 km) north-east of Newcastle upon Tyne, on the north bank of the River Tyne. 

It was part of Northumberland. The "Shields " part of its name comes from Middle English. It meant "temporary sheds or huts used by fishermen". Now North Shields is in the Metropolitan Borough of Tynemouth.

Fishing and shipbuilding have been active here. There is a Royal Quays Marina for private boats.

Tbilisi 175th Public School

Tbilisi 175th Public School is a School in Tbilisi. Founded in 2005 as a result of the merger of 184th and 175th public schools. Includes buildings A and B. The school has its own student self-government. There are 1-6 graders in one building of the school, and 7-12 graders in the other.

Tinatin Alavidze is the current acting director of the school. The school has 132 teachers.

The school has a library and two gyms.

Student self-government at school is optional. Each year, class presidents are elected by the students through voting in the school. Class presidents are elected from the 7th grade.


Sylvana Simons

Sylvana Hildegard Simons (born 31 January 1971) is a Dutch anti-racism activist and politician. She is party leader of BIJ1.

Simons was born in Paramaribo, Suriname. She worked as a dancer, as a VJ at TMF, and presented radio and TV shows. 

In 2016, she founded the political partij BIJ1. From 2018 to 2020, she was a councillor in Amsterdam.

She was the first candidate on the list of BIJ1 in the 2021 Dutch general election. BIJ1 gained one seat, so she has been both parliamentary group leader and a member of parliament since March 2021.



Luis Galarreta

Luis Fernando Galarreta Velarde (born March 12, 1971) is a Peruvian politician who served as a congressman of the republic in representation of Lima Metropolitan Area for three consecutive periods: 2006-2011, 2011-2016, 2016-2020.

He also was president of the Congress of the Republic between July 26, 2017 and July 26, 2018.

Luis Fernando Galarreta Velarde was born on March 12, 1971 in Lima. Son of Aníbal Galarreta, a native of the La Libertad region and Rita Velarde from Lima. According to him, he told the Extraordinary program in 2013, his mother took the pill Thalidomide, which was used to relieve nausea in pregnant women. Currently, the drug is prohibited from being marketed because it was found to cause abnormalities in the extremities of fetuses.

He studied Law and Political Science at the University of San Martín de Porres (1990 - 1997).

In the 2006 election, he was elected to Congress for the 2006–2011 term for the same group. He was the President of Peru in 2018, following the resignation of Pedro Pablo Kuczynski. He left the Christian People’s Party in 2015 and joined the Fujimorist Popular Force.

On October 30, 2020, Keiko Fujimori, announced through her Twitter account that she made her presidential candidacy official with Galarreta for the first vice presidency and the former Lima Lieutenant Mayor Patricia Juárez Gallegos for the second vice presidency. At the same time, he ran for a seat in the Andean Parliament.

Contraposition

In logic and math, contraposition is the right way to reverse "if-then" statements. For example, the contrapositive of the sentence ""If it is raining, then I wear my coat"" is the sentence ""If I don't wear my coat, then it isn't raining."" If the original sentence is correct, the contrapositive is always correct. 

It is easier to see how contraposition is the right way to reverse an if-then statement by looking at two other reversals that can sometimes look similar, but are bad logic:

Inversion

""If it is not raining, then I don't wear my coat."" This is wrong as one can wear a coat for other reasons (eg. It is snowing). In this statement, we have made both the "if" and the "then" statements negative. 

Conversion

""If I wear my coat, then it is raining."" This is wrong as wearing a coat doesn't cause it to rain. In this statement we have switched the "if" and "then" statements. 

In technical writing: the contrapositive of formula_1 is formula_2. The "formula_3" means "if-then" (If P then Q), and the "formula_4" means "not P" (eg. "it is not raining").

Rag'n'Bone Man

Rory Charles Graham (born 29 January 1985), better known as Rag'n'Bone Man, is a British singer and songwriter. He is known for having a deep baritone voice. His first hit single was "Human". It was released in 2016, and his first album of the same name was released in 2017. At the 2017 Brit Awards, he was named British Breakthrough Act and won the Critics' Choice Award.

Étienne de La Boétie

Étienne de La Boétie, is a French writer and poet. He was a humanist. He was born November 1, 1530 in Sarlat-la-Canéda, a city in the south-east of Périgord, and he died August 18, 1563 in Germignan, in the town of Taillan-Médoc, near Bordeaux. La Boétie is famous for his Discourse on Voluntary Servitude. From 1558 he was a close friend of Montaigne, who paid him posthumous homage in his Essays. 

Karang Island

Karang Island is an island in the middle of the Loktak lake of Manipur. It is the first cashless island in India, as declared by the Union Ministry of Electronics. It is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the Eastern Indian zone.

Bavarian Soviet Republic

The Bavarian or Munich Soviet Republic (; Bavarian: "Mingara Räterepublik", "Boarische Räterepublik") was a socialist state mostly in Munich, Bavaria.

Soroush Sehhat

Soroush Sehhat () is an Iranian actor, director and screenwriter born on 29 November, 1965 Isfahan, Iran.

He has directed number of Iranian TV series such as "" and "Iranian Dinner".

Electorate of Bavaria

The Electorate of Bavaria (, Bavarian: "Kuafiaschtndum Bayern") was an independent electorate of the Holy Roman Empire that lasted from 1623–1806.

Lake Göygöl

Lake Göygöl is the second largest lake in Azerbaijan. The lake has a length of 48 km and stretches to widths of up to 3 km across. It is named after a 14th-century Azerbaijani king, Huseyn Göygöl who ruled his kingdom and military forces just kilometres from the water, and used it as their main water source. Lake Göygöl is now known today as a secluded lake that regional people use for fishing and swimming.
The lake contains a heightened amount of calcium and oxohydroxide within the water. This has caused some local fish (The Fauna of Azerbaijani) to grow up to 4x their regular size.

Duchy of Bavaria

The Duchy of Bavaria (German: "Herzogtum Bayern") was a region ruled by dukes in the southeastern part of the Merovingian kingdom that existed from about 555–1623.

Bavaria-Munich

The Duchy of Bavaria-Munich (German: "Bayern-München"; also Upper Bavaria-Munich; German: "Oberbayern-München") was a late medieval Bavarian partial duchy of the Wittelsbach dynasty. It was created by the division of the land in 1392 and existed until the reunification of Bavaria after the Landshut War of Succession (1504/05). The residence of the dukes was Munich. It is often shortened to the Duchy of Upper Bavaria after one of its predecessors, especially after the union of Bavaria-Ingolstadt with Bavaria-Landshut in 1447.

The four Bavarian partial duchies after the division of the land in 1392 (Bavaria-Munich green)

In the division of the land of 1392/93, the former duchy of Upper Bavaria and the northern Gaulish possessions, which Duke Otto V had received from Emperor Charles IV in 1373 as compensation for the Mark of Brandenburg, were split into two parts of roughly equal budgetary value: the highly fragmented Bavaria-Ingolstadt and the territorially much more coherent Bavaria-Munich.

The partial duchy of Bavaria-Munich essentially consisted of two areas separated by a narrow strip near Indersdorf, which belonged to Bavaria-Landshut. The northern part extended from Riedenburg an der Altmühl via Neustadt an der Donau and Vohburg to Mainburg and Pfaffenhofen an der Ilm. The larger southern part, located on the Isar River, was bounded on the west by the Lech River. It stretched from Dachau, Fürstenfeldbruck and Munich in the north to Starnberg, Wolfratshausen, Aibling and Tölz and on to Kochelsee and Walchensee in the south. In addition, Regenstauf and Stadtamhof north of the imperial city of Regensburg belonged to Bavaria-Munich. Nominally, Schwandorf, Burglengenfeld, Velburg and Hemau in the northern Gau were also part of the duchy, but they had already been pledged to the Palatine Wittelsbach dynasty around 1350.

In the 1420s, the dukes of Bavaria-Munich were able to significantly expand their territory. After the Bavarian War (1420-1422), they received the area around Ebersberg and Markt Schwaben from Bavaria-Ingolstadt, and in the Prussburg arbitration award of 1429, they were granted about half of the Straubinger Ländchen. This meant that large parts of the Bavarian Forest around Fürth, Kötzting and Regen, as well as a wide strip south of the Danube with Kelheim and the royal seat of Straubing, fell to Bavaria-Munich.

After the death of the last duke of Bavaria-Ingolstadt in 1447, Bavaria-Landshut took over the territory of his duchy, while Bavaria-Munich went largely empty-handed. In the Landshut War of Succession, which broke out after the extinction of the Landshut line in the male line in 1503, the Munich duke Albrecht IV was finally able to secure almost the entire territory of the united duchies of Bavaria-Landshut and Bavaria-Ingolstadt, but he had to cede the "Land im Gebirg" around Kufstein, Kitzbühel and Rattenberg as well as Mondsee to Austria and possessions in the northern Gau and on the Danube to the newly created duchy of Palatinate-Neuburg. The Duchy of Bavaria-Munich, enlarged by Albrecht IV, is again referred to simply as Bavaria.

Jackhammer

A jackhammer is an object used commonly in construction for the purpose of breaking through the ground, or other things.


POSIX Threads

POSIX Threads, usually referred to as "pthreads", is a programming model that allows a program to execute multiple actions seemingly at the same time by doing them in parallel. The API and libraries which give a program the ability to do this are available on most Unix-like systems and is available in most programming languages such as Java, C++ and Python.

POSIX Threads allow programmers to implement programs that can do tasks in parallel. Because there is a standard for POSIX threads, they can be implemented across different hardware without many changes.

Farmer–Citizen Movement

The Farmer-Citizen Movement, Dutch: "BoerBurgerBeweging" (shortened "BBB"), is a Dutch political party.

The Farmer-Citizen Movement was established in 2019. It focuses on the interests of the rural environment and especially on that of the farmers.

Their leader and co-founder is Caroline van der Plas.

Number of seats in the 2021 elections: 1 (/).


BBB

BBB may refer to:




Bavaria-Landshut

Bavaria-Landshut (German: "Bayern-Landshut") was a duchy that lasted from 1353–1503.

Palatinate-Neuburg

Palatinate-Neuburg (, Bavarian: "Herzogtum Pfoiz-Neiburg") was a state of the Holy Roman Empire until 1806. It lasted from 1505–1808. The capital of Palatinate-Neuburg was Neuburg an der Donau.

Neuburg an der Donau

Neuburg an der Donau, is a town which is the capital of the Neuburg-Schrobenhausen district in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality has 16 divisions:



Electoral Palatinate

Electoral Palatinate (German: "Kurpfalz", Bavarian: "Kurpfoiz") was a palatinate in the Holy Roman Empire. It lasted from 1085–1803.

Giant Slalom

The Giant Slalom is a sport where you ski down a hill and make turns around obstacles called gates. It is similar to the normal Slalom except the gates are rather apart so you need to turn more. The gates are more tightly packed than the Super G however. The goal is to go down the hill as fast as possible while still turning around the obstacles. Skiers in the Giant Slalom don't go as fast as ones in the normal slalom but a skier can go as fast as 40 km/h (25 mph)
Magnum opus

A magnum opus or chef-d’œuvre is an artist's or other person's best painting, song or other art, such as literature. It is Latin for "great work."

Neutering

Neutering is castration, the act of removing the sexual organs from an animal (usually dogs and cats). Females get spayed, males get fixed. It is regarded by some as important to neuter your pet. It is said to allow them to live longer and healthier lives. Neutering is done by vets.

Humane societies, animal shelters, and rescue groups urge pet owners to have their pets neutered. This prevents the births of unwanted litters, which lead to the increased number of unwanted animals. Some countries require all adopted cats and dogs be sterilized before going to their new homes.

Hauk Buen

Hauk Buen (11 May 1933 – 1 March 2021) was a Norwegian hardingfele fiddler and fiddle maker.

Buen was born in Kongsberg. His best known albums are "Fykerudn" from 1992 (in cooperation with his brother Knut), which was awarded Spellemannprisen, and "Feledåm" from 2000. He was awarded the King's Medal of Merit in gold in 2003.

Buen has inspired and influenced fiddler Annbjørg Lien, who learned several folk tunes from him.

Buen died on 1 March 2020.

Hotel National, Moscow

The Hotel National, Moscow () is a five-star hotel in Moscow, Russia. It opened in 1903. It has 202 bedrooms and 56 suites. The National is on Manege Square. The hotel is managed by The Luxury Collection, a division of Marriott International.

Pimp C

Chad Lamont Butler, (December 19, 1973 — December 4, 2007) better known by his stage name Pimp C, was an American rapper and record producer best known for being a member of the duo UGK and creator of record label UGK Records. 

He died of an accidental drug overdose on 4 December 2007 at the age of 33.

Federal University, Dutsin-Ma

Federal University Dutsin-Ma (FUDMA) is a public university in Nigeria. It was founded in February 2011.

The university is in Dutsin-Ma Local Government of Katsina State. and its permanent site located in Turare

Meitei calendar

The Meitei calendar or "Manipuri calendar" or "Kangleipak calendar" or "Maliyapham Palcha Kumshing calendar" is a traditional lunar calendar invented and used by the Meitei ethnicity for religious and agricultural purposes. It was developed by Emperor Maliyapham Palcha (1359 BC-1329 BC) in (Palcha era) in Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). Similar to the Gregorian calendar (Roman calendar), it also has twelve months in a year, four weeks in a month and seven days in a week.
Important days fall in different times of a year according to Meitei calendar. Some are as follows in alphabetical order:
The governing body of the traditional Meitei calendar is the "Kangleipak Calendar Board", which annually organizes meetings at which the annual calendar is published officially.
The SEACO (South East Asian Cultural Organization) also organizes annual conference to preserve the cultural and traditional calendar of Ancient Manipur.


Mohammad Mehdi Goorangi

Mohammad Mehdi Goorangi ( born 23 June 1975 in Shiraz, Iran) is an Iranian musician and composer.


Sarcosaurus

Sarcosaurus (meaning "flesh lizard") is a genus of basal theropod dinosaur. "Sarcosaurus" is one of the earliest known Jurassic theropods: it is one of only a few from this time.

US Boulogne

Union Sportive de Boulogne-sur-Mer Côte d'Opale, or simply known as US Boulogne, is a French football team. They are based in the commune of Boulogne-sur-Mer. They currently play in the Championnat National. They are sometimes known as one of the former clubs of N'Golo Kanté and Franck Ribéry.


Rivero's Amazon tree frog

Rivero's Amazon tree frog ("Dendropsophus riveroi") is a frog that lives in Ecuador, Colombia, Peru, Bolivia and Brazil. Scientists have seen it between 100 and 350 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 19 to 20 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 22 to 23 mm long. 

This frog comes in many colors, from brown to yellow to whitish. They often have two or three marks behind each eye.

This frog is named after Juan Rivero, a amphibian scientist from Puerto Rico who helped show that it is its own species.

Dufia Agyarko Kusi

Dufia Agyarko Kusi is a Ghanaian Politician 

Belsat

Belsat (; ) is a Polish television channel for people in Belarus. It is a branch of the broadcasting organization Telewizja Polska.

Agnieszka Romaszewska-Guzy is the head of "Belsat". Intellectual property of "Belsat" is made by mostly Belarusian journalists. Journalists also work for Belsat in Belarus. 

On April 26, 2007, Alexander Lukashenko said that the channel is bad. The government of Belarus has been making troubles for "Belsat" all the time and does not not give the channel an approval. "Belsat's" journalists have gotten many punishments for work. In March 2008, for example, many "Belsat" journalists were arrested and technical things were taken away. To 2017, they have spent a number of 125 days in detention and been fined $94,296 US, simply for doing their work.

In 2017, the channel's Minsk house was searched and computers from there were taken away. The same year, Belsat TV got a veto by a Minsk court on using its trademark. Since then, "Belsat's" journalists have used other trademark that has letters from the channel's name – the Cyrillic “BLS” (БЛС) and “tv”. The most recent search of Belsat's Minsk house was done in 2019.

It has been writing about the 2020 Belarusian protests and 2020 Belarusian presidential election, so many journalists of "Belsat" have been tried and arrested for that. In 2020 Belsat journalists were detained 162 times, while their things were taken away very often. 26 journalists were arrested, out of which six journalists were arrested two times, and one journalist was arrested three times, giving 34 arrests. They had been sentenced to a number of 392 days in prison. Seven of arrested journalists were beaten by the police. Seven journalist following detention were taken to hospitals. During the crackdown on the protests of August 9–12, "Belsat's" journalists were putting their lives on the line, and two of them were injured. "Belsat's" journalists got fines in $26 353,44 for their work in Belarus in 2020.

In February 2021, Katsyaryna Andreeva and Darya Chultsova of "Belsat" were sentenced to two years in prison by a court in Minsk for informing on anti-government protests held around the house where Raman Bandarenka was beaten to death in November 2020.

The site of "Belsat" can't be opened in Belarus since August 2020. Since May 2021, the government stops attempts to open the main website of "Belsat" mirror as well.

In July 2021, Belsat's content was declared extremist, meaning distributing it can be punished by a 30-days jail. On November 3, 2021, the Ministry of Internal Affairs declared Belsat an extremist group. Creation of an extremist group or participation in it is a criminal offence in Belarus.

In January 2023, Daria Losik, the wife of Ihar Losik, was sentenced to two years in prison for an interview with the channel under a criminal article on promoting extremist activity. In the fall of 2022, a criminal case for an interview with the channel was opened against Natalya Suslova, the mother of Belarusian volunteer Pavel “Volat” Suslov, who was killed in action in Ukraine.

Phoebe (name)

Phoebe is a female given name. The name is feminine of the first name "Phoebus". "Phoebus" is a name for "Apollo", and means "bright".

In Greek mythology, Phoebe was a Titan associated with prophecy and the moon. This was also a name of her granddaughter Artemis. A moon of Saturn has the name in honor of the Titan. The pronunciation of the name is [ fee-bee ]. This name was ranked #247 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 

A different spelling is Phebe.


Anita Lee

Anita Yuen Wah Lee (; born 21 May 1968) is a Hong Kong-Canadian actress, radio host and YouTuber.

She went to Yaumati Catholic Primary School and Pentecostal School.

In 1986, she got into the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts. She later ended her studies because she was invited by TVB to become an actress.

She met a Canadian stockbroker in mid-2001, and got married in Canada in June 2003. They gave birth to a daughter in 2003 and twin brothers in October 2009.

On September 3, 2020, Lee started her own YouTube channel "移加李婉華".


Panevėžys

Panevėžys is a city in the north of Lithuania. It is the fifth-largest city. The city is 50 km².

Panevėžys was first mentioned in a document, that was written in 1503, September 7th. In the document, the Grand Duke of Lithuania and the King of Poland gifted some land to a parson from Ramygala. In exchange for the land, the parson had to build a church in the land to fight paganism. A small wooden church was built here.

In 1940, June 5th, the city was taken over by the Soviet Union.

Guigou

Guigou is a small town 35 km south-east of Ifrane in the state Fez, Meknes. It is in Morocco.


The main activities of the town are agriculture (mainly potatoes and onions are cultivated there) and animal breeding (mainly sheep).

Sanfourche

Sanfourche is a surname. People with the surname include:


Leon Wyczółkowski

Leon Jan Wyczółkowski (24 April 1852 - 27 December 1936) was a Polish artist of the Young Poland period. 

Leon Wyczółkowski was a versatile artist, he created works using many technics - painting and graphic.

He was born in Huta Miastkowska near the Garwolin. In autumn 1875 he left to the Munich, where he start learning in the atelier of the Hungarian painter - Alexander von Wagner. In 1877 he started learning in the Academy of Fine Arts in Kraków as a student of Jan Matejko. In 1880 he come back to Warsaw, when he earned his living mainly by painting portraits. In 1880 he moved to Ukraine where he spend more then 10 years of his life. In this Ukrainian period he painted his most famous pictures presenting rural life. In October 1895 he got a job as a lecturer in the Academy of Fine Arts in Kraków. 

In 1922 he handed over a collection of asian art to the National Museum in Poznań. For the donation, the painter received the manor house in Gościeradz near Bydgoszcz. He moved to the Gościeradź, where he created atelier. He died from pneumonia in 1936 in Warsaw. Gathering crowds funeral took place in Bydgoszcz. He was buried in the cemetery in Wtelno. 

In 1937 Franciszka Wyczółkowska - wife of painter handed over to the city of Bydgoszcz 425 pictures and graphics, sketchbooks, personal things and atelier equipment of Leon Wyczółkowski. Since then, the regional museum in Bydgoszcz has been gradually expanding its collection by purchasing more works by the artist.

Meitei numerals

Meitei numerals also known as Meetei numerals or Manipuri numerals or Kanglei numerals, are a system of writing numbers using the letters of the Meitei script. In modern Manipur, they are still used for cardinal numbers. It is a positional notation system. This system has ten basic symbols, which are , , , , , , , , and .

The Wakoklon Heelel Thilel Salai Amailon Pukok Puya, an ancient work, mentions the philosophy of the development of the numerals. It was written in the 14th-15th century BC in Ancient Manipur.


Bertrand Tavernier

Bertrand Tavernier (25 April 1941 – 25 March 2021) was a French director, screenwriter, actor and producer.

In 1995, his movie "L'Appât" won the Golden Bear Award at the 45th Berlin International Film Festival. Four years later, his movie "It All Starts Today" won an Honourable Mention at the 49th Berlin International Film Festival.

His movie "The Princess of Montpensier" competed for the Palme d'Or at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.

Rob Bonta

Robert Andres Bonta (born September 22, 1972) is an American attorney and politician serving as the 34th attorney general of California since 2021. He was also a member of the California State Assembly for the 18th district from 2012 until 2021. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

When he was elected in 2012, he became the first Filipino-American to enter the California State Legislature.

On March 24, 2021, Governor Gavin Newsom announced that he would be appointing Bonta as Attorney General of California to replace Xavier Becerra. He was sworn-in on April 23, 2021 and became the first Asian-American man (second overall after Kamala Harris) to be California Attorney General.

Rachel Levine

Rachel Leland Levine (; born as Richard Leland Levine on October 28, 1957) is an American pediatrician, politician and four-star admiral in the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps (PHSCC). Levine is the 17th and current Assistant Secretary for Health since 2021. She was Secretary of the Pennsylvania Department of Health from 2017 to 2021 during the Tom Wolf administration. 

She is a professor of pediatrics and psychiatry at the Penn State College of Medicine. She was the Pennsylvania physician general from 2015 to 2017. 

On February 13, 2021, President Joe Biden formally nominated Levine to be Assistant Secretary for Health. On March 24, 2021, she was confirmed by the Senate as Assistant Secretary for Health. She is one of only a few openly transgender government officials in the United States, and was the first to hold an office that requires Senate confirmation. She was sworn-in on March 26, 2021.

On October 19, 2021, Levine became the first openly transgender four-star officer in the nation's eight uniformed services with her commission as a four-star admiral in the United States Public Health Service. She is the first female PHSCC four-star admiral.

Leila Otadi

Leila Otadi () is an Iranian actress born on August 5, 1983Tehran, Iran.

At age of 7, she had a chance to begin acting in film. However her family and she thought school was more important for her at the time than acting. She was introduced to stage acting at the age of 18. Leila’s movie debut was "Black Eyes" by Iraj Ghaderi. Since then she has starred in many movies and recently became the highest paying actress in Iran. She speaks Persian and Turkish fluently and plays tennis, enjoys horseback riding and many other sports.

Prince-Bishopric of Würzburg

The Prince-Bishopric of Würzburg () was an state of the Holy Roman Empire that was in Lower Franconia. It existed from 1168–1830. 

Cookie Jar TV

Cookie Jar TV (formerly known as KOL Secret Slumber Party and KEWLoplis) is a former American children's programming block that aired on CBS. The block was later replaced by CBS Dream Team in September 28, 2013. It is known for programs such as The Doodlebops, Danger Rangers, Liberty’s Kids, and many others.

Duchy of Franconia

The Duchy of Franconia () was one of the five duchies of East Francia. It existed from 882–1125.

Maxvorstadt

Maxvorstadt (Central Bavarian: "Maxvorstod") is a borough of Munich, Bavaria.

Dendi language

The Dendi language is spoken by the people of Benin.

Plague doctor

A Plague doctor was a doctor in the 1300s who tried to stop plague from spreading.

The doctors would also carry canes to poke bodies to test if they were still alive and to remind them to stay the correct distance away. The doctors could also examine patients using the cane. The doctors would wear large masks that looked like birds' beaks. This was because people believed the plague spread on bad air. The beaks of the masks were filled with plants, vinegar sponges, or perfume to protect the doctor from the bad air. Plague doctors wore robes covered in wax so body fluids would not stick to it. They wore glass goggles over their eyes. They would wear goggles if they could.

People in the Venetian Carnival dress as plague doctors.

Samy Azer

Samy A. Azer is an Egyptian-born Australian physician author and medical educator. He was honoured to contribute to medical education in several countries, including the University of Sydney and the University of Melbourne in Australia, the University of Toyama in Japan, the Universiti Teknologi MARA in Malaysia, and King Saud University in Saudi Arabia.
He graduated in medicine and completed his training in gastroenterology. He obtained his PhD from the University of Sydney and a Master in Education from the University of New South Wales, in Australia. He is a fellow of the American College of Gastroenterology and a fellow of the Royal Society of Medicine. He was a Senior Lecturer at the University of Sydney and the University of Melbourne. He is a visiting professor at the University of Toyama, Japan and was a professor of Medical Education at Universiti Teknologi MARA, Malaysia. Professor Azer was a consultant to the Victorian Postgraduate Medical Foundation (VMPF), Australia. He has been invited as keynote speaker to South East Asia, Sweden, Turkey, the Middle East countries and the United States. He has over 100 original articles published in scientific journals. He is Editor at PLOS ONE, Editor at MEDICINE, and on the World Journal of Gastroenterology and BMC Medical Education.

Lina Khan

Lina M. Khan (born March 3, 1989) is an American legal scholar. Her works focused in antitrust and competition law in the United States. She is an associate professor of law at Columbia Law School. She has been the Chair of the Federal Trade Commission since 2021.

On March 22, 2021, President Joe Biden announced he was nominating her to be a Commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission. On June 15, 2021, her nomination was confirmed by the Senate by a vote of 69 to 28.

Federal Trade Commission

The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is an independent agency of the United States government. They focus on the enforcement of civil (non-criminal) U.S. antitrust law and the promotion of consumer protection. 

The Commission is headed by five Commissioners, each serving a seven-year term. Commissioners are nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate. No more than three Commissioners can be of the same political party. 

The President chooses one Commissioner to act as Chairman.

John Magaw

John William Magaw (born 1935) is a former administrator for the United States Federal Government. He began his career in public service in 1959 as a state trooper with the Ohio State Highway Patrol.

Magaw became a special agent with the United States Secret Service in 1967.

Magaw was appointed senior advisor to the director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) for terrorism preparedness in December 1999.

David Zayas

David Zayas (born August 15, 1962) is a Puerto Rican actor. He is best known for his roles as Angel Batista on Showtime's series "Dexter", Osborne the cop in "Rounders" (1998), Enrique Morales on the HBO prison drama series "Oz", Lou the bodega owner in "Annie" (2014) and Sal Maroni on Fox's series "Gotham".

Raymond J. Barry

Raymond John Barry (born March 14, 1939) is an American actor. He was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male for his role in "Steel City". He also played Chester Hoenicker in "Flubber".

Hempstead (village), New York

The Incorporated Village of Hempstead is located in the Town of Hempstead, Nassau County, New York, United States. The population was 59,169 at the 2020 census.

Paul Gough

Paul Gough is an British academic and painter who is the current Vice Chancellor of Arts University Bournemouth, England.
He got his first degree and Master's degree in Fine Art and both from Royal College of Art, London. In 1991, he went further with a PhD on  First World War Art.

He is the former pro chancellor, dean of faculty of creative art and worked with BBC Radio.

Leima

"Leima" (a Meitei language word for "Queen" or "Mistress" or "Lady") may refer to:

Ayangleima

"Ayangleima" or "Ayang Leima" may refer to:

Irai Ningthou

Irai Ningthou () or Ike Ningthau () is a God in Meitei mythology and religion (Sanamahism) of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He is the God and the divine male personification of water. He mainly dwells in the rivers and lakes.
He is the consort of Irai Leima (alias "Ireima"). The divine couples are regarded as the spirits of the water bodies.

The name ""Irai Ningthou"" literally means ""King of water"" or ""Chief of water"".

When a person gets ill after bathing in a water body, people believed that the water spirits (Irai Ningthou and his wife Irai Leima) had caught the person. To get well again, people worship the two deities. For this, the maibas perform the rites and rituals. The offerings include 2 eggs and 7 bamboo vessels filled up with rice paste.

The also highly honour the water deities. They offer wild sacrifices like white fowl, pig, dog or he-goat to the God.


BIJ1

BIJ1 is a political party in The Netherlands. It supports racial equality and combats discrimination.

Political leader and founder is Sylvana Simons.

BIJ1 was established in 2016 with the Dutch name "Artikel 1" and renamed as BIJ1 in 2017. The word "bijeen" (bij1) in the Dutch language means "together".

The number of seats in the 2021 elections: 1.


Sattar Oraki

Sattar Oraki (, born 5 May 1969) is an Iranian Composer.

He has scored Academy Award-winning movies such as A Separation and The Salesman. Oraki is a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

Phou Ningthou

Phou Ningthou is a deity in Meitei mythology and religion (Sanamahism) of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). He is the God and the divine male personification of the agriculture, crops, fertility, grains, harvesting, paddy, rice and wealth. He is the consort of Phouoibi (Phouleima), the goddess of crops and agricultural fertility.

Phou Ningthou is worshipped with Phouoibi, the goddess of rice. Farmers prayed to the two deities for a doubling of the previous year's yield, after the harvest.

Phoukourol (Phoukouron or Phougourol or Phougouron) is a sacred hymn to call the spirit of the paddy. It is generally sung during harvesting. It is done before the harvested crops are stored in the grain house.

The Phou Kouba (calling the paddy/rice) ceremony is usually performed during mis-happenings to the farmers. Mis-happenings may be theft or burning of the paddy/rice, an animal like cow trespasses the threshing ground, etc. People perform the rites and rituals to induce the deity to stay at their places.

Sareng fish (Wallago attu, helicopter catfish) with rice is the most important offering to the deity. It should be cooked with herbs and not with spices.

Nongpok

"Nongpok" (a Meitei language word for "Eastern direction") may refer to:

Shreve's sarayacu tree frog

Shreve's Sarayacu tree frog ("Dendropsophus sarayacuensis") is a frog that lives in Ecuador, Peru, Colombia, Bolivia and Brazil. It may also live in Venezuela.

First Czechoslovak Republic

The First Czechoslovak Republic was a country in Eastern Europe. It was commonly known as Czechoslovakia, and it existed between 1918 and 1938. It was occupied by Nazi Germany and became the Protectorate of the Third Reich.


Kakching

Kakching is a town in the southeastern part of the Indian state of Manipur. 

Kakching Garden is located at Uyok Ching, to the south of Kakching Bazar, and has been made as a tourist centre. The site includes the Mahadev Temple, Ibudhou Pakhang Laiseng, the statue of Hao Sampubi, a rose garden, park and restaurants. A road up to the hill was made for vehicles to reach the garden.

The site is popular with people from Manipur and the surrounding area. Important programmes relating to social and culture are also organised here.

Campospinoso

Campospinoso is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Saint-Nicolas-de-Redon

Saint-Nicolas-de-Redon is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Père-en-Retz

Saint-Père-en-Retz is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Philbert-de-Grand-Lieu

Saint-Philbert-de-Grand-Lieu is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Sébastien-sur-Loire

Saint-Sébastien-sur-Loire is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Viaud

Saint-Viaud is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Saint-Vincent-des-Landes

Saint-Vincent-des-Landes is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Farrell, Pennsylvania

Farrell is a city in Mercer County, Pennsylvania, United States. At the 2020 census, 4,258 people lived there.

Spaghettieis

Spaghettieis, or spaghetti ice cream, is a German ice cream dish. It is made to look like a plate of spaghetti.

Spaghettieis was created by Dario Fontanella in the late 1960s in Mannheim, Germany.

Sautron

Sautron is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Savenay

Savenay is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania

Beaver Falls is a city in Beaver County, Pennsylvania, United States. At the 2020 census, 9,005 people lived there.

Sévérac

Sévérac is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Bradford, Pennsylvania

Bradford is a city in McKean County, Pennsylvania, United States. At the 2020 census, 7,849 people lived there.

Clairton, Pennsylvania

Clairton is a city in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. At the 2020 census, 6,181 people lived here.

Lebanon, Pennsylvania

Lebanon is a city in Pennsylvania in the United States. It is the county seat of Lebanon County. At the 2020 census, 26,814 people lived there.

Sion-les-Mines

Sion-les-Mines is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Les Sorinières

Les Sorinières is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Hermitage, Pennsylvania

Hermitage is a city in Mercer County, Pennsylvania, United States. 16,230 people lived here at the 2020 census.

School districts in Hermitage include the Hermitage School District, and Kennedy Catholic High School. 

Soudan, Loire-Atlantique

Soudan is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Soulvache

Soulvache is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Sucé-sur-Erdre

Sucé-sur-Erdre is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Teillé, Loire-Atlantique

Teillé is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Corry, Pennsylvania

Corry is a city in Erie County, Pennsylvania, United States. At the 2020 census, 6,210 people lived there.

Le Temple-de-Bretagne

Le Temple-de-Bretagne is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Thouaré-sur-Loire

Thouaré-sur-Loire is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Les Touches

Les Touches is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Touvois

Touvois is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Trans-sur-Erdre

Trans-sur-Erdre is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Treffieux

Treffieux is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Treillières

Treillières is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

North Carolina's 2nd congressional district

North Carolina's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in central North Carolina.

Its current representative is Democrat Deborah Ross.

North Carolina's 3rd congressional district

North Carolina's 3rd congressional district is a congressional district in North Carolina.

Its representative is Republican Greg Murphy.

Trignac

Trignac is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Angeot

Angeot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Anjoutey

Anjoutey is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Villars-le-Sec

Villars-le-Sec is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

La Turballe

La Turballe is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Vallet

Vallet is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Lagrange, Territoire de Belfort

Lagrange is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Live Action Toy Story

Live Action Toy Story is a 2012/2013 American live-action buddy comedy adventure fan film. this a shot-to-shot fan remake of the original "Toy Story" in 1995, using expensive special-effects filming with stop-motion and puppetry with wires. released in premiered August 22, 2012 and YouTube exclusive in January 12, 2013 also re-release in November 22, 2015 on VOD.

set in 2005 A.D., While Woody at staff meeting around Andy's birthday through find the presents also Buzz Lightyear arrives. Buzz attempts to fly stunt and playing Buzz all day and night. arguing Woody and Buzz tells Sid was shown a Combat Carl strapping with the fireworks and explodes to pieces. then in 6am, then watches Woody talks to the Magic 8-ball yells at anguish and throws down the shelf, distracting Buzz to Woody holds an remote control's RC to pushed by a rolling globe went slipped Buzz out the window. then brawls Hamm, Potato Head to Woody throwed then retreated. in the middle of the night at gas station slept Woody saws Buzz to fight inside the van. leaving Woody and Buzz, then a tanker truck hitting them straight. Buzz tells Woody claiming he's a Space Ranger or a toy. surrounded by Pizza Planet to transported to the restaurant to find Andy, went Sid to the claw machine by bunch of aliens to sell or toynapped by himself. sometimes inside Sid's room by bunch of mutated pieced toys to cannibalized things awared was scared by Woody. Sid integration Woody tortured by a magnifying glass burned on his forehead to splashed by cereal bowl, to escape the stairs guarding by Scud attacked. Buzz saws an action-figure commercial of himself then walks miserablity away claiming not a flying toy to fell down again crashed his arm to the ground. Woody saws Buzz inside Hannah's room played as Mrs. Nesbitt. when Woody throws by an rope as a Christmas lights-like rope to tells Buzz, sometimes watching Buzz's arm ripped saw by the toys screaming. then a thunderstorm rain watching Sid delivery an rocket firework called 'The Big One' to strapped Buzz. Woody saying Buzz than claiming a Space Ranger pretending to a himself, then escaping the crate fell by Woody. tried to attempt to rescue Buzz by Sid, then the army of mutant toys to signal to morse code to locating the places. stalking the entire house while Sid tells Woody to commanded by his toys to attacked him, through stares Sid looks Woody saying 'We Toys Can't see Everything' also 'So Play Nice' screaming away by the toys. then chased by moving truck surrounded by Scud bites Woody's leg to fight the dog, Woody find by a cardboard boxes to RC to chasing Scud. then RC chased an truck to pulled by Slinky drops the ram then accidentally pulls RC, Woody and Buzz slides by a parking vehicles to left, then Slinky thrown everyone. mostly attempted to sunburn lighting the rocket then flies off the RC hitting by Potato Head, then stop the Big One by blowing out the sky, flying away to the van. then in December 25, 2005 when Christmas Day saved by Woody and Buzz signaling again by brought by Mrs. Potato Head to as a wife is own, later a puppy, zooming the characters. 



Jonason Pauley and Jess Perrotta planned to a Live-action fan-film recreated version of the original film, started in 2010, most locations during filming in 2010 to 2011 on Mesa, Arizona, Tempe Peter Piper Pizza as interiors of Pizza Planet scenes, Sinclair Gas as Dinoco gas station, as stand-in of the scenes. 

Convolutional neural network

A convolutional neural network (CNN, or ConvNet) is a program used by computers to see things in the real world. A camera or other system takes a picture, and the computer uses the CNN to tell what the picture is or means. It is part of deep learning. Models that work with spatial data, for example images and video, use convolutional neural networks. People use convolutional neural networks with vehicles that drive and steer themselves, medical imaging, and in computer vision and deep learning.

Mon language

The Mon language is one of oldest language in Mainland Southeast Asia, and is part of an Austroasiatic language families. The language is non tonal unlike most of Southeast Asia language

The Mon script was originally adapted from the Pallava script. Oldest Mon script was found in Central Thailand, the inscriptions dated back around the 6th century, which mon people used to live here, the era called "Dvaravati".The Mon script also has been adopted by the Burmese.The Mon alphabet contains 35 consonants

Mon sentence is Subject–Verb–Object.


Jawline (movie)

Jawline is a 2019 movie about social media and internet celebrities. The movie received several reviews. In February 2019, Hulu purchased the United States rights. The film is directed by Liza Mandelup.

Nokia 7250i

Nokia 7250i is a part of an mobile phone series that has been codenamed is <nowiki>"</nowiki>Brand-Series 330<nowiki>"</nowiki> was release development on January 17, 2003 before the first release in Nokia Connecting Peoples Corporation. Nokia 7250i was announced on May 16, 2003 before being renamed to a similar codename. 

Nokia 7250i release on June 12, 2003, before on Summer 2003 release for GSM mobile phone is Nokia 7250 has partner not use for interface people, during on Nokia 7250 was the first but not available for Nokia Corporation. Also known is Nokia 7250 has reach is Nokia 7250i partner version.

The request on December 2002, Nokia 7250 has partner release for Nokia Connecting Peoples, in January 17, 2003, Nokia release the news codename is <nowiki>"</nowiki>Brand-Series 330<nowiki>"</nowiki> from the businessman, enterprise in worldwide. From series Nokia mobile phone has reach in officially worldwide.

Nokia 7250 has delete on April 2003 and release for version 7250i was announced on May 16, 2003 at Mobile World Congress in 2003, Nokia 7250i has been the functions release for Nokia Connecting Peoples in ringtones, also known use for business peoples and more. Nokia 7250i has been release for official on June 12, 2003.

Nokia 7250i has performance is Nokia Summer Release on June 19, 2005 at Nokia Mobile World in Universal City, California. Chairman Nokia has producted for Universal Studio has reach two day ago has moved on July 16, 2005. 

In sales for Nokia 7250i has announced on August 2005 from worldwide, partner use smillar to Nokia 3300 and Nokia 3210, in functions for design has been made in Hollywood, California on May 18, 2003. 


Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation

Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation is a 1962 American comedy movie directed by Henry Koster and is based on the 1954 novel "Mr. Hobbs' Vacation"
by Edward Streeter. It stars James Stewart, Maureen O'Hara, Fabian, Lauri Peters, Lili Gentle, John Saxon, John McGiver, Marie Wilson, Reginald Gardiner and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 1 Golden Globe in 1963.


Vay, Loire-Atlantique

Vay is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Vertou

Vertou is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Vieillevigne, Loire-Atlantique

Vieillevigne is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Vigneux-de-Bretagne

Vigneux-de-Bretagne is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Villepot

Villepot is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Vue

Vue is a commune. It is in the Pays de la Loire region in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.

Carignano

Carignano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Monastero di Lanzo

Monastero di Lanzo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont. 

Carmagnola

Carmagnola is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Brignoles

Brignoles is a commune of 17,364 people (2018). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in the south of France.

Saint-Cyr-sur-Mer

Saint-Cyr-sur-Mer is a commune of 11,580 people (2018). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in the south of France.

Argiésans

Argiésans is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Autrechêne

Autrechêne is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Auxelles-Bas

Auxelles-Bas is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Auxelles-Haut

Auxelles-Haut is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Ekbatan (Movie)

Ekbatan () is a 2012 Iranian Drama written and directed by Mehrshad Karkhani.


Poitevin language

Poitevin is one of the langues d'oïl. It is a Romance language spoken mainly in Poitou in central west France. 

Like with most langues d'oïl, there are discussions as to whether it should be called a language or just a dialect. The region where it is spoken is near where the langues d'Oc (another big language group) is spoken. As a result, it adopted some of the features of the Langue d'Oc.

The pressure of modern life, and the government, pushes the total use of the French language. These regional languages are less and less used.

Ceann Comhairle

The Ceann Comhairle is part of the government of Ireland. The Ceann Comhairle is the speaker of Dáil Éireann, the lower house of the Oireachtas. This is the same job as Speaker of the House in other countries.

Until 2020, a newly elected Dáil would choose the Ceann Comhairle (Speaker/Chairperson), but starting in 2020, the Ceann Comhairle was elected by secret ballot. The Ceann Comhairle must be impartial during the daily business and proceedings of the House. The Standing Orders (rules) of Dáil Éireann say all the powers and duties of the Ceann Comhairle for parliamentary business, eg. the proper conduct of debate, parliamentary questions, amendments to Bills and motions, disorderly conduct.

Elene Khoshtaria

Elene Khoshtaria (born November 18, 1979, in Tbilisi) is a Georgian politician and the Member of the Parliament of Georgia since 2016. She is a member of the Parliament of Georgia. From 2007–2012 she was the first deputy minister in the State Ministry for Euro-Atlantic Integration of Georgia, Member of the Parliament of Georgia from 2016 to 2020. From 2020 she is a Member of the Parliament of Georgia.

European Georgia

European Georgia (, "evropuli sakartvelo") is a political party in Georgia. Founded in Tbilisi in January 2017, by former members of the United National Movement. Chairman of Party is Giga Bokeria.

Banvillars

Banvillars is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Bavilliers

Bavilliers is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Beaucourt

Beaucourt is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Bermont

Bermont is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Bessoncourt

Bessoncourt is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Bethonvilliers

Bethonvilliers is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

K.R.C. Genk

Koninklijke Racing Club Genk (K.R.C. Genk) is a Belgian football club which plays in Genk.


Boron, Territoire de Belfort

Boron is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Botans

Botans is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Bourg-sous-Châtelet

Bourg-sous-Châtelet is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Bourogne

Bourogne is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Brebotte

Brebotte is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

WOR (AM)

WOR (710 AM) is a 50,000 watt Class A clear-channel AM radio station in New York City. It is owned by iHeartMedia. It plays talk radio programs, including some syndicate programs. Some of these are "The Rush Limbaugh Show", "The Sean Hannity Show", and "Coast to Coast AM with George Noory". The station has a three-letter callsign still used from when it started in 1921. It is the oldest callsign still used in New York City.

Tom

Tom may refer to:


Jerry

Jerry may refer to:






Meitei Christians

A Meitei Christian or Christian Meitei is a person who belongs to Meitei ethnic group and follows Christianity as their faith. There are very few Meitei Christians in Manipur and other Manipuri settlements of the world. 

Unlike the other indigenous communities of Manipur, who are all tribesmen communities, the Meitei people embraced Christianity not with any form of imposition but by willing decisions. The first person to baptize is believed to be a lady ""Ningol Kaboklei"", in the year 1893, when she met a Christian missionary in Sylhet, Bangladesh.

Miriam González Durántez

Miriam Gonzàlez Duràntez is the wife of former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg. She is also known as Lady Clegg. She is a Spanish lawyer, specialized in business land trade law. She's considered an expert in European Union trade law. She was born in Spain, on 31 May 1967.

They have three sons: Antonio Alberto and Miguel. Gonzalez-Duranzez also heads the initiative "Inspiring Girls", who wants fight gender stereotypes. 

Bieruń

Bieruń () is a town in Silesian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2019, 19,539 people lived there.

Bretagne, Territoire de Belfort

Bretagne is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Buc, Territoire de Belfort

Buc is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Charmois, Territoire de Belfort

Charmois is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Châtenois-les-Forges

Châtenois-les-Forges is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Chaux, Territoire de Belfort

Chaux is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Mehdi Saki

Mehdi Saki () is an Iranian actor, composer, and singer born on 1974, Khuzekstan.

Only the Lonely (movie)

Only the Lonely is a 1991 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Chris Columbus and starring John Candy, Maureen O'Hara, Ally Sheedy, Anthony Quinn, Jim Belushi, Kevin Dunn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Cem Özdemir

Cem Özdemir (, ; born 21 December 1965) is a German politician of the party Alliance 90/The Greens who has been the Minister of Food and Agriculture since 2021.

Between 2008 and 2018, Özdemir was one of two main persons of the Green Party, together with Claudia Roth and later Simone Peter. He has been a Member of the German Bundestag since 2013. He was a Member of the German Bundestag in 1994–2002 too. He was a member of the European Parliament in 2004–2009 too. He was a one of two main Greens candidates for the 2017 German federal election. Since 2018, he has been the Leader of the Committee on Transport.

On December 16, 2020, he undertook support for Katsyaryna Barysevich, Belarusian political prisoner. On May 31, 2021, he undertook support for Roman Protasevich, Belarusian political prisoner.

Chavanatte

Chavanatte is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Chavannes-les-Grands

Chavannes-les-Grands is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Chèvremont

Chèvremont is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Osman Yusef

Osman Yusuf (オスマン・ユセフ "Osuman Yusefu", May 23, 1920 - August 29, 1982), also credited under a variety of other names, was a Turkish actor who appeared frequently in Japanese films and television.

Turkish born actor living in Japan. Yusef was somewhat fluent in Japanese, which made him a hot commodity for films that required actors of Western appearance that could convincingly interact with Japanese co-stars. Yusef also served as a translator between actors of different nationalities, along with fellow actor Heihachiro “Henry” Okawa, who also spoke English. Yusef’s hooded eyes and broad physique led to his casting in intrepid or officials roles, such as astronauts and submarine officers. He also had a notable appearance as one of Jerry Ito’s henchmen in "Mothra" (1961). He, along with fellow English-speaking actor Harold Conway, appeared in scenes filmed for "Mothra vs. Godzilla" (1964) that were only shown outside of Japan.

Courcelles, Territoire de Belfort

Courcelles is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Courtelevant

Courtelevant is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Cravanche

Cravanche is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Croix, Territoire de Belfort

Croix is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Cunelières

Cunelières is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Danjoutin

Danjoutin is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Denney, Territoire de Belfort

Denney is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Maisons-Alfort

Maisons-Alfort is a commune of 55,899 people (2018). It is found in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Dorans

Dorans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Eguenigue

Eguenigue is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Éloie

Éloie is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Novi Ligure

Novi Ligure is an Italian city in Piedmont. Novi Ligure is in the Province of Alessandria. About 28,000 people live there.

Casalborgone

Casalborgone is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Essert, Territoire de Belfort

Essert is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Cheney, Washington

Cheney is a city in the state of Washington.

Sheila Dixon

Sheila Dixon (born December 27, 1953) is an American politician. She was the first African American female mayor in Baltimore, Maryland. She was also the third African American mayor in Baltimore.

In 2016, Dixon unsuccessfully sought election as mayor of Baltimore. She lost to Catherine Pugh. In the 2020 mayoral election, she barely lost in June 2's primary to Brandon Scott. 

Dixon was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

In 2010 Dixon was convicted for embezzlement. She resigned after the conviction. She used her power for the benefit of her campaign manager and her sister Janice.

Dixon dated Ron Lipscomb, a developer.

Windows Media Center

Windows Media Center is a discontinued video recorder that was developed by the Microsoft Corporation and released for Windows XP Media Center Edition, also known as the Media Center Update. It can be used in Windows Vista in Home Premium and Ultimate edition and Windows 7 in Home Premium, Professional, Ultimate and Enterprise edition.

In 2012, Microsoft launched Windows Media Center for Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 from the Pro edition. After Microsoft's Windows 10 release on July 29, 2015, Microsoft discontinued Windows Media Center because Microsoft no longer installs Windows Media Center for Windows 10. Still, users can download a modified Windows Media Center application from an unofficial source for the Windows 10 operating system.

Microsoft included Windows Media Center in Windows XP in Media Center Edition when it was announced on 2002. After releasing Windows XP Media Center Edition, the first software in Windows XP changed when it officially released. In Service Pack 1, new updates allowed users to use Windows Media Center to choose a CD-DVD Drive in Windows Media Player, instead of including a Windows DVD Player app.

Microsoft launched Windows Vista with Windows Media Center in Home Premium and Ultimate edition. In 2006, Microsoft developed a Windows Media Center Update on Windows Vista RTM version. Windows Media Center Update allowed users to choose like Media Center 2002 and 2005 in Home Premium edition for Windows Vista, also like changed Windows Media Player and Windows DVD Maker.

Microsoft launched Windows Media Center for Windows 7 for all editions except Starter and Home Basic.

In the Windows 8 and 8.1 operating system, Microsoft included Windows Media Center for the Professional edition with Media Center and Pro edition, but did not include Windows Live Essentials like Windows 7 and Windows Vista Media Center.

Microsoft has not launched Windows Media Center for the Windows 10 operating system because Microsoft no longer supports Windows Media Center.

Windows Media Center can be downloaded for all Microsoft Windows 10 editions. However, it is not officially supported or maintained by Microsoft.


Dendropsophus yaracuyanus

The Sierra de Aroa Treefrog ("Dendropsophus yaracuyanus") is a frog that people have seen in one place: Sierra de Aroas in Venezuela. Scientists have seen it between 1580 and 1600 meters above sea level.

Spathiphyllum

Spathiphyllum, generally known as peace liliy, is a genus of 50-60 species of the flowering plants. They are native to America and South East Asia. Because of their decorative leaves, and long-lasting flowers, several of them are popular houseplants. They belong to the Araceae. Even though they are called "lillies", they are not closely related to the true liliy family, Lillaceae. They are perennial, and grow from bulbs, same as the true lilies.

Spathiphyllum is commonly grown as a houseplant. There are many cultivars. As houseplants, they are said to have an air-cleaning effect. They are very toxic to cats and dogs, but only milly toxic to humans and other animals. Spathiphyllum species contain Calcium oxalate, which may cause skin irritations, a burning sensation and difficulty swallowing. They are not as toxic as the true lilies.

History of Kangleipak

The history of Kangleipak (present day Manipur) is divided into three major sections as follows:


Flag of Manipur

The Flag of Manipur is the rectangular banner bearing a striated white coloured Pakhangba, an ancient primordial dragon deity of Meitei mythology and religion, at its center. It appears in both red and white colors. It was used during the short period of Independence between 1947 and 1949.

Unlike the standard form of the flag (as shown above), diversified versions of the flag are also available. 

The illustration of the "Flag of Manipur" hoisted on the Independence Day 1947.

A seven colored flag of Manipur, representing the seven clan dynasties of the Manipuri ethnicity of Ancient Manipur. Lainingthou Sanamahi Temple Board approves the seven-colored flag representing the seven clans of Kangleipak. The width-to-length ratio of the flag should be 2:3.


Coat of arms of Manipur

The "Coat of arms of Manipur" represents Manipur and the Manipuri ethnicity. It appears on the Flag of Manipur and is used by the Government of Manipur, and other state institutions. However, after the Indian Union of Manipur, it is no longer in use. 


Destroy All Humans! 2

Destroy All Humans! 2 is a action-adventure video game released in 2006. It is a sequel to "Destroy All Humans!" developed by Pandemic Studios, and is the second and last game developed by the original studio before EA acquired them. A third game in the series, "Destroy All Humans! Big Willy Unleashed", was released in 2008.

Flag of Kangleipak

The Flag of Kangleipak or Salai Taret Flag is a rectangular seven coloured flag. It represents the seven clan dynasties of the Meitei ethnicity of Ancient Manipur. Red colour represents Mangang, White represents Luwang, Black represents Khuman, Yellow represents Angom, Red mixed with black represents Moirang, Purple represents Kha-Ngangba and Sky blue represents Salai-Leisangthem. The width to length ratio of the flag should be 2:3. This flag is approved by the Lainingthou Sanamahi Temple Board.

After careful analysis of the Puya, it has been determined that this flag symbolizes the birth of Ibudhou Pakhangba's seven sons, who in turn represent the seven clans. Each son was born at a distinct time of day, reflected in the color scheme of the flag, inspired by the hues of the sun during their respective births. This flag serves as a testament to the rich heritage and lineage of our people, honoring the diverse identities within our community.

Since those colours are the result of several dyeing histories, they are more than just a "flag" It's a sacred one. Even now, Amaibas & Amaibis continue to dye fabrics for "Apok khuramba" using those 7 hues.

Emblem of Manipur

The Emblem of Manipur is the State Emblem of Manipur. It was officially adopted by the Government of Manipur on 18 December 1980. It represents the Kanglasha, a mythical dragon lion god in Meitei mythology and religion.

La Villedieu, Charente-Maritime

La Villedieu is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Charente-Maritime department in southwest France.

Étueffont

Étueffont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Évette-Salbert

Évette-Salbert is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Faverois

Faverois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Fêche-l'Église

Fêche-l'Église is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Felon

Felon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Florimont

Florimont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Fontaine, Territoire de Belfort

Fontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Ansan, Gers

Ansan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Caumont, Gers

Caumont is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Fontenelle, Territoire de Belfort

Fontenelle is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Meroux

Meroux is a former commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Meroux-Moval.

Moval

Moval is a former commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Meroux-Moval.

Meroux-Moval

Meroux-Moval is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Meroux (the seat) and Moval.

Helotes, Texas

Helotes is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Live Oak, Texas

Live Oak is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Online advertising

When companies use the internet to place advertisments, this is called online advertising. Online advertising can take different forms:

Very often, companies personalize their offers. In the web browser, cookies are commonly used for this. 

Types of Online Advertising:

Benefits of Online Advertising:


Challenges in Online Advertising:


De Leon, Texas

De Leon is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Gustine, Texas

Gustine is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Today (BBC Radio 4)

Today, also called The Today Programme, is a British early-morning news radio programme broadcast on BBC Radio 4. It started in 1957 on the BBC Home Service. It is broadcast Monday to Friday 6:00a.m. to 9:00a.m.; and 7:00a.m. to 9:00a.m. on Saturdays. It is one of the most popular programmes on BBC Radio 4. There are political interviews and reports; and also the religious "Thought for the Day". It was voted the most influential news programme in Britain. Around 7 million people listen to it every week.

Foussemagne

Foussemagne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Frais

Frais is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Froidefontaine

Froidefontaine is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Giromagny

Giromagny is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Salò

Salò is an Italian city in Lombardy. Salò is in the Province of Brescia. It is on the Lake Garda and has about 10,500 people.

Grandvillars

Grandvillars is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Grosmagny

Grosmagny is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Darya Chultsova

Darya Chultsova (Belarusian: Дар’я Дзмітрыеўна Чульцова, Russian: Дарья Дмитриевна Чульцова) (born on February 20, 1997, in Shklow, Mogilev Region, Belarus) is a journalist from Belarus. She worked for the television channel Belsat TV. She showed the event at the place where Raman Bandarenka was beaten to death in 2020. She was arrested there on November 15, 2020, in Minsk.

She was born in Shklow. At an early age, she became interested in journalism. While at university, she worked for the website "Mogilev.Online". She studied in the Department of Journalism of Mogilev State A. Kuleshov University, finishing in 2020. In 2020, she moved to the TV channel Belsat and worked there as a journalist.

Together with journalist Katsyaryna Andreeva, she became a person in a criminal case on organizing actions that attack public order. Both showed the event of a cruel attack of the police at the place where Raman Bandarenka was beaten to death and the people stood to support the dead one live. That took place at the "" ("Ploscha Peramen") in Minsk on November 15, 2020.

She was not freed after the arrest there. Darya was moved to a prison in Zhodzina, where she was held until her court trial. On November 24, 2020, ten organizations (the Viasna Human Rights Centre, the Belarusian Association of Journalists, the Belarusian Helsinki Committee and others) made a joint statement. It said that she is a political prisoner.

At a Minsk court meeting led by the judge Natalia Buguk on February 18, 2021, Chultsova and Andreeva were sentenced to serve two years in prison for pushing 2020 Belarusian protests. The state prosecutor was Alina Kasyanchyk, the detective was Ihar Kurylovich.

On April 23, 2021, Minsk City Court said no to a request to call off or change the sentence.

On February 8, 2021, the US Embassy in Belarus made a statement. It asked to make Chultsova and Andreeva free.

On February 15, 2021, support for the political prisoner was undertaken by Tony Lloyd, a member of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.

Following the sentencing, on February 18, 2021, President of Poland Andrzej Duda made a public call to make Chultsova and Andreeva free.

On June 21, 2021, the Council of the European Union made a decision to put those responsible for the punishment of the journalists in the . Judge Natalia Buguk was put in the EU blacklist for frequent decisions against journalists and protesters in connection to politics. One example of such verdicts was named. It was the guilty verdict against Katsyaryna Bahvalava (Andreeva) and Darya Chultsova. Prosecutor number two Alina Kasyanchyk was put in the list for the prosecution of the journalists. She was held responsible for indictment of both journalists for ""making electronic motion pictures of quiet protests that were named 'conspiracy' and 'violation of public order'"" without cause. Detective Ihar Kurylovich was put in the list for the preparation of the criminal case against the journalists. He had made the criminal case ready in connection to politics.


"«[They are] strong in spirit, have no doubt in the right [of them], supported by friends, colleagues and the people that they do not know at all – such Katya and Dasha will be put in books,"" Aksana Kolb, editor-in-chief of Novy Chas, wrote two or three days before their sentencing.


Rio Tuquesa tree frog

The Rio Tuquesa tree frog ("Dendropsophus subocularis") is a frog that lives in Panama and Colombia. Scientists have seen it as high as 800 meters above sea level.

Henning Voscherau

Henning Voscherau (13 August 1941 – 24 August 2016) was a German politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He was the first mayor of Hamburg from 1988 until 1997. He was the President of the Bundesrat from 1990 until 1991.

Voscherau died from brain cancer on 24 August 2016 in Hamburg at the age of 75.

Grosne

Grosne is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Joncherey

Joncherey is a commune. It is found in the region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in the northeast of France.

Lachapelle-sous-Chaux

Lachapelle-sous-Chaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Cascinette d'Ivrea

Cascinette d'Ivrea is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Caselette

Caselette is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Caravate

Caravate is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Loranzè

Loranzè is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Salerano Canavese

Salerano Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

2021 Suez Canal incident

On 23 March 2021, "Ever Given", a container ship, got stuck on the shore of the Suez Canal in Egypt. The ship was 400 meters long. A sand storm and strong winds of up to made it hit the banks in the canal. Authorities said that this was not the main reason for the accident and that something probably went wrong with the ship or the crew made a mistake. The accident stopped any other vessels from passing through the canal.

By 27 March, four days after the ship got stuck, over 300 ships were lined up to pass through the canal while they waited for the problem to be fixed. On March 29th, 2021, the ship was finally free to move again. However, the event made a major impact on the global economy, because all cargo ships traveling across the Suez Canal were delayed.

The Suez Canal is one of the world's most important trading routes. It was opened in 1869. By 2021 around fifty ships travel through the canal each day. This is about 12% of total global trade. When it was built, the canal was basically one way, with a part in the middle where ships could pass each other. Today, ships can pass each other in many parts of the canal. Where this is not possible, groups of ships must take turns. The canal is being expanded, but most parts are still single-lane.

"Ever Given" was first put into the water on 9 May 2018, and started operating on 25 September 2018. The owner is Shoei Kisen Kaisha, a company of Japan's Imabari Shipbuilding. The operator is the Taiwan-based company Evergreen Marine and the vessel is managed by Bernhard Schulte Shipmanagement. The vessel is registered in Panama. The ship's owners have insurance cover for $3.1 billion. Evergreen's Protection and Indemnity (third party) liabilities insurance cover is provided by mutual UK P&I Club. The ship is insured in the Japanese market. Insurance industry sources say the ship's owners could be facing insurance claims from the Suez Canal Authority (SCA) for loss of money and other ships who were stuck behind it. Container ships of this size are usually insured for hull and machinery damage of between $100 and $140 million.

Bill Kavanagh, a National Maritime College of Ireland lecturer and former captain, has said that sailing through the Suez canal was very difficult, and risky. Wind can cause the container areas of vessels to act like a sail and affect the course of the ship. Also, once a heavy ship like the "Ever Given" starts to go off the path, it's hard to steer.

The government of Egypt requires ships traveling through the canal to be boarded by an Egyptian "Suez crew", including one or more official maritime pilots from Egypt's SCA. These people command the ship, taking over from the regular crew. There were two Egyptian SCA pilots on board at the time of the accident.

"Ever Given" was travelling from Tanjung Pelepas, Malaysia, to Rotterdam, Netherlands. It was fifth in a northbound convoy, with fifteen vessels behind it when it got stuck near the village of Manshiyet Rugola. On 23 March 2021, at 07:40 EGY (05:40 UTC), the "Given" was travelling through the Suez Canal when it was caught in a sandstorm. The strong winds, which reached , resulted in the "loss of the ability to steer the ship," and caused the hull to change direction. The "Ever Given" then hit the bank at the mark (measured from Port Said on the Mediterranean Sea; from Suez Port on the Gulf of Suez). The ship turned sideways, and blocked the canal. The crew of the "Ever Given", was accounted for, and no injuries were reported. At this point, the Suez Canal is a single waterway.

Evert Lataire, head of maritime technology division at the University of Ghent, looked at the situation and found that the bank effect may have contributed to the grounding. This effect causes the stern of a ship to swing toward the near bank when operating in constricted waterway. Other forces were winds pushing the ship from the side. Since most of the focus of modern ship design is directed towards efficiency and stability at sea, the effects of hydrodynamics in shallow waters need to be studied further.

Over 200 vessels at both ends of the canal were stopped by "Ever Given", including five other container ships of similar size. These included 41 bulk carriers and 24 crude tankers. The vessels represented roughly 16.9 million tonnes of deadweight. Some docked at ports and anchorages in the area, but many remained in place. The ships in the area range from small cargo vessels to large ships, including the Russian Navy Altay-class oiler "Kola", which had been involved in a minor collision with bulk carrier "Ark Royal" earlier that day.

Officials planned to move two vessels from behind "Ever Given" to make room for the refloating operation. Fuel and ballast water were removed from the ship to help lighten it; heavy machinery, including an excavator, worked to dig the bow out. Eight tugboats are assisting in the attempt to pull it free. Peter Berdowski, Chief Executive of Royal Boskalis Westminster, stated that the operation "can take days to weeks".

On 25 March, the Suez Canal Authority stopped navigation through the Suez Canal until the "Given" could be refloated. The same day, Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi's advisor on seaports stated that he expected the canal to be cleared in "48–72 hours, maximum". The following day, the Suez Canal Authority said that its dredging operations were about 87% complete.

On 26 March, the SCA accepted an offer made by a United States Navy assessment team of dredging experts to assist in efforts to remove the ship.

On 27 March, the SCA said that 14 tugboats were trying to take advantage of that day's high tide and that more would arrive the following day if the latest attempt failed. Yukito Higaki, president of owners Shoei Kisen, reported that the ship did not appear to be damaged, saying "The ship is not taking water. Once it refloats, it should be able to operate." By 5:00 PM GMT, according to Egypt Today, the ship had moved by 30 meters (100 feet) towards the north. Delays in shipping might persist after the "Ever Given" is freed, as vessels may face busy ports and additional delays before offloading. As of 27 March, more than 300 ships were delayed at both ends and in the middle of the canal, with many more still approaching or having altered their paths.

Addressing a press conference, Osama Rabie, SCA Chairman, said that weather conditions were "not the main reasons" for the ship's grounding, adding, "There may have been technical or human errors... All of these factors will become apparent in the investigation."

On 28 March, the Egyptian President, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, ordered preparations for lightening the ship's cargo.

Experts warned that this incident would cause shipping delays for customers around the world. "Lloyd's List" estimated the value of the goods delayed each hour at US $400 million, and that every day it took to clear the obstruction would disrupt an additional US$9 billion worth of goods.

Michael Lynch, president of Strategic Energy & Economic Research, said that a rise in oil prices was caused by people buying large amounts of oil while prices were low and then selling off oil at higher prices while oil was in shortage: "people buying in after recent declines in oil prices, with the Suez closing the trigger factor". James Williams, energy economist at WTRG Economics said that due to existing stocks "a few days of slowdown in [oil] delivery is not critical to the market." After the Ever Green was freed on 29 March 2021, the oil prices dropped again.

The event will only delay goods, which might only impact industries with existing shortages such as with semiconductors. To act against shortages of goods in the long term, future shipments can be ordered earlier than normal until the difference has been made up. However, a consultant at another firm noted that even a short-term disruption at the Suez Canal would have a domino effect for several months along the supply chain. Some freight forwarders noted that demand for alternative means of transportation was expected to rise within the next few weeks on Europe to Asia routes as a consequence of shippers trying to avoid the disruption and uncertainty caused by the blockage of the canal.

The usual backup route for ships between Asia and Europe is to go around the African continent via the Cape of Good Hope. This route is long and takes 10 to 12 more days. As of March 26, some ships had already taken that route. Russia used this incident to promote its Arctic shipping routes as a shorter alternative to carrying goods around Africa.

Several people have warned that the number of ships with valuable cargo in such a small area may attract pirates. Certain shipping companies already asked for United States fleet, based in Bahrain, to increase security.


Elham Hamidi

Elham Hamidi () is an Iranian actress born on June 23 1977 Tehran, Iran. She has appeared in the mini-series as Asinaat. She also starred in as Mariyam.

"Elham Hamidi" is an accounting graduate student from "Roudehen University". Elham participated in school plays from the age of seven because it is her family occupation. Her father was also an actor and he was much active in theater, this developed an interest in Elham to join this field like her father.

Caselle Torinese

Caselle Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Hachijō-jima

People go to Hachijō-jima by airplane or by a ferry. In 2010 a pedestrian ferry would leave Tōkyō once every day at 10:30 pm, and then it would get to at Hachijō-jima at 8:50 am the next day. Air travel to Hachijojima Airport takes around 45 minutes from Tōkyō International Airport (Haneda). In the year 2000, there were three metropolitan roads on Hachijō-jima: 215 (formally, 東京都道215号八丈循環線), 216 (都道216号神湊八重根港線, 8.3 km), and 217 (東京都道217号汐間洞輪沢港線).

The Hachijō language is the most different form of Japanese; it is the only surviving descendant of Eastern Old Japanese. The number of people who speak this language is not known. It is on UNESCO's list of endangered languages, It may be gone by the year 2050.

People have lived on this island since 14,000 b.c.e.


Calosso

Calosso is a "comune" in the Province of Asti in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Nizza Monferrato

Nizza Monferrato is an Italian city in Piedmont. It has about 10,300 inhabitants.

Sant'Ambrogio di Torino

Sant'Ambrogio di Torino is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Plužine

Plužine () is a town in Montenegro. In 2011, 1,341 people lived there.

Rožaje

Rožaje (, ) is a town in Montenegro. In 2011, 9,422 people lived there. The town is majority Muslim and has a mixed population of Bosniaks and Albanians.

The river Ibar flows through the town.

Šavnik

Šavnik () is a town in Montenegro. In 2011, 472 people lived there.

Tivat

Tivat () is a coastal town in southwestern Montenegro, on the Bay of Kotor. In 2011, 9,367 people lived there.

It is the smallest municipality by area in Montenegro.

Tuzi

Tuzi (, or "Tuzi") is a town in Montenegro. It is on the border with Albania. In 2011, 4,748 people lived there.

Long Island (Antigua and Barbuda)

Long Island is an island that is part of Antigua and Barbuda. It was discovered by Christopher Columbus.

Ulcinj

Ulcinj (, or "Ulqini", , ) is a town on the southern coast of Montenegro. In 2011, 10,707 people lived there.

Lachapelle-sous-Rougemont

Lachapelle-sous-Rougemont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Skierniewice

Skierniewice is a city in Łódź Voivodeship in Poland. In 2020, 47,932 people lived there.

Lacollonge

Lacollonge is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Lamadeleine-Val-des-Anges

Lamadeleine-Val-des-Anges is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

It has lush greenery and currently only has 33 inhabitants who are all very attached to their chapel, signifying the importance of religion in the small community. It is a place of pilgrimage where on July 20th each year, people from surrounding villages gather to celebrate Saint- Marie-Madelaine.

Larivière, Territoire de Belfort

Larivière is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Lebetain

Lebetain is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Goldsmith, Texas

Goldsmith is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Most (city)

Most () is a city in the Ústí nad Labem Region in the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Most District. About 66,000 people live there.

Robin's Wish

Robin's Wish is a 2020 American documentary, directed by Tylor Norwood. It offers a look into the life and final days of Robin Williams and how his struggles with diffuse Lewy body disease impacted his acting career and contributed to his death by suicide.

Smile (disambiguation)

A smile is a facial expression that shows happiness.

Smile might refer to:


A Sunday in the Country

A Sunday in the Country () is a 1984 French drama movie directed by Bertrand Tavernier and starring Louis Ducreux, Michel Aumont, Sabine Azéma, Geneviève Mnich, Monique Chaumette, Claude Winter, Jean-Roger Milo.

Adamu Adamu

Adamu Adamu (born 25 May 1954) is a Nigerian accountant, journalist and the saving Minister of Education of Nigeria.

Dera Ismail Khan Subdivision

Dera Ismail Khan Subdivision formerly Frontier Region Dera Ismail Khan is a subdivision in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. 
The region is named after Dera Ismail Khan District which lies to the east and also borders South Waziristan to the north, Dera Ghazi Khan and Musa Khel to the south and Zhob to the west. 
It is administered by the district coordination officer (DCO) of Dera Ismail Khan District. 
The main village is Darazinda, which borders South Waziristan.

Kʼicheʼ language

K'iche' or Quiché is a language spoken by the K'iche' people of Central America. The K'iche' are Native Americans.

K'iche is the second most spoken language in Guatemala (after Spanish). There are also many K'iche' speakers in the United States due to immigration.

Westminster, California

Westminster is a city Orange County, California, in the United States.

Westminster has many Vietnamese people.

Vietnamese people

The Vietnamese are a group of people with their own culture living in Southeast Asia. Most Vietnamese live in the country of Vietnam, although there are many Vietnamese people living in other places. Many Vietnamese people speak Vietnamese.

The Vietnamese people could be a mixture of different groups from different parts of Asia.

According to legend, the Vietnamese people are the children of a dragon and a fairy.

Many Vietnamese girls and women were trafficked into China in the 19th century. Chinese pirates in the Tonking Gulf region took Vietnamese women as wives. In the Gulf of Tonkin Vietnamese pirates were defeated in 1409 and 1373 by the Ming Chinese navy and the Ming navy frightened Vietnam from invading Champa in 1403 and defeated Vietnam in 1407 in the Red river delta. Chinese pirate and bandits operated in the highlands of Tonkin in French Indochina.

Most Vietnamese practice a mixture of Buddhism, Confucianism, Taoism, and animism.

A minority of Vietnamese are Catholic Christians.

There are millions of Vietnamese people living outside of Vietnam. The United States has the number population of Vietnamese outside of Vietnam. Many Vietnamese people left the country after the Vietnam War. They did not want to live in a Communist country.

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases

National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID, which is pronounced "NYE-ad") is an agency of the United States Department of Health and Human Services with a mission to conduct basic and applied research to better understand, treat, and prevent infectious, immunologic, and allergic diseases in the United States and world at large.

Montero (Call Me by Your Name)

"Montero (Call Me by Your Name)" is a song by American rapper and singer Lil Nas X. It was released on March 26, 2021. A longer version of the song, named "Satan's Extended Version", was released on March 29, 2021.

The song became Lil Nas X's second number one song on the "Billboard" Hot 100 after "Old Town Road" (solo or with Billy Ray Cyrus).

A music video for the song was shot in two days in February 2021. It features Nas X himself in different biblical scenes. This also includes the artist stripteasing to Hell.

The video for the song received complaints due to its content, depicting Lil Nas X twerking on a person dressed as Satan. Conservatives from the United States stated that the content of the video was "immoral" for children.

Masoud Kimiai

Masoud Kimiai (Masoud Kimiaei, ; born 29 July 1941 Tehran) is an Iranian director, screenwriter and producer.

In 1991, he was awarded a prize in 41st Berlin International movie festival for his "Snake Fang". This was not his sole international prize. At the Cairo International movie festival in 1979 he got from the International Catholic Organisation for Cinema (OCIC), the OCIC Prize for his movie "The Journey of the Stone". The international OCIC jury gave its award to this film because "The Journey of the Stone" denounced the exploitation of mankind by mankind and called for a more just social order. "Crime" directed by Kimiai Winner "Crystal Simorgh" Best movie in Fajr International movie festival 2011.

He has been married 3 times. He was married to the late Iranian pop singer "Giti Pashaei" until 1991, afterwards he married the Iranian pop singer "Googoosh".

Curriculum vitae

A curriculum vitae (CV or vita) is a short list of a person's education and skills used for recruitment.

In North America, a short CV (1-2 pages) is usually called a résumé. In North America, people say "CV" when talking about a much longer list.

In some countries, a photo of the applicant is attached to the CV.

The name "curriculum vitae" is Latin for "course of life."

Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy

The Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy (CIDRAP) is a heath center in the University of Minnesota. It deals with public health and responding to infectious diseases. It was established in 2001.

Michael Osterholm the Center to prevent illness and infectious disease. In 2019, he did this with Seattle Children's Research Institute.

Shalanda Young

Shalanda Delores Young (born August 29, 1977) is an American politician. She became the 43rd Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) on March 24, 2021 during the Joe Biden presidency. She was deputy director from 2021 until 2022. She worked for the United States House Committee on Appropriations as its staff director.

After Neera Tanden's nomination as OMB director failed to pass in the United States Senate, Young has been supported by both Democratic and Republican politicians to be nominated as the OMB director. On November 24, Biden announced he would nominate Young as OMB director, after eight months serving as acting director. The Senate confirmed Young in a 61-36 vote on March 15, 2022. 

Wilfried Zaha

Dazet Wilfried Armel Zaha (born 10 November 1992) is a footballer. He currently plays as a forward for Premier League club Crystal Palace. He also plays for the Ivorian national team.

Zaha was born in the Ivory Coast, but grew up in England from the age of four. He made his debut for the England national team. He made only two appearances for England, the latter of which came in 2013. He made a decision of playing to his birth country (Ivory Coast).

Zaha moved into the Crystal Palace first team from their academy. During his time at Selhurst Park he scored 18 goals in all competitions. He later transferred to Manchester United for an initial fee of £10 million. Zaha went to loan at Palace.

In December 2021, Dark Real Estate Affair concerns a company founded by Wilfried Zaha and a scam has more than 20,000 pounds embezzled.

Crystal Palace

Manchester United

Individual


Bashkim Fino

Bashkim Fino (12 October 1962 – 29 March 2021) was an Albanian politician and economist. He served as the 29th Prime Minister of Albania in 1997. He was a member of the Socialist Party (PS). He held other government roles, including as Deputy Prime Minister (1997–1998) and two terms as the Minister of Public Works and Tourism during the 2000s. He was a member of the Albanian Parliament for Fier from 2017 until his death in 2021.

Fino was born in Gjirokastër. He served as the municipality's mayor between 1992 and 1996.

On 29 March 2021, Fino died in Tirana due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Albania. He was 58.

Manuel Saturnino da Costa

Manuel Saturnino da Costa (29 November 1942 – 10 March 2021) was a Bissau-Guinean politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau from 1994 to 1997.

Saturnino da Costa died on 10 March 2021 in Bissau. He was 78.

Mung bean

The Mung bean (or mungo bean) is a legume, which is mostly grown in Asia. It is mostly used for cooking.

Dendropsophus amicorum

The Socopo tree frog ("Dendropsophus amicorum") is a frog. Scientists have only seen it Cerro Socopo in Venezuela. They saw it 1250 meters above sea level.

Round Midnight

Round Midnight is a 1986 American French musical drama movie directed by Bertrand Tavernier and was based on the memoir "Dance of the Infidels" by Francis Paudras. It stars Dexter Gordon, François Cluzet, Gabrielle Haker, Sandra Reaves-Phillips, Lonette McKee, Christine Pascal, Herbie Hancock, Bobby Hutcherson, Liliane Rovère, Pierre Trabaud, Martin Scorsese, Wayner Shorter, Philippe Noiret and was nominated for 2 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1987. It was distributed by Warner Bros..

Meitei dragons

The dragons play a significant role in the legendary accounts of Meitei folklore, Meitei literature, Meitei mythology and Meitei religion (Sanamahism) of Ancient Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur), Medieval Kangleipak (Medieval Manipur) and Modern Kangleipak (Modern Manipur).
The Hiyang Hiren, also spelt as Hiyang Hilen, is said to be a well furnished race boat. This is often built in the shape of a dragon. Many legends say that it possesses spiritual powers.

Nongshaba, the dragon lion, is also known as Kanglasha, the dragon of the Kangla, the city of Ancient Manipur. He is a child of Atingkok, the Supreme Being. Unlike his siblings, he always remains in the form of the mythical beast rather than that of a God (human figure).

Pakhangba is the youngest son of Leimarel Sidabi, the supreme mother earth goddess. He was given the throne of the universe to protect and rule the world by Atingkok, his father. He could change himself into both a serpentine dragon as well as a human. Several legends revolve around his identity as an ancient historical figure.

Poubi Lai is the tyrant dragon serpent of the primitive Loktak lake. It is one of the popular figures in Meitei folklore and mythology. There are many stories about this huge dragon, who once gained its fame through its notorious nature.

Taoroinai, also spelled as Taoloinai, is a mythical dragon serpent, who lives in the cosmic ocean. It is known for bringing down the divine celestial egg (nonglum) down to earth.


Thalkirchen-Obersendling-Forstenried-Fürstenried-Solln

Thalkirchen-Obersendling-Forstenried-Fürstenried-Solln ( ]; Central Bavarian: "Thoikircha-Obasendling-Forstnriad-Fiastnriad-Soin") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

Untergiesing-Harlaching

Untergiesing-Harlaching (Central Bavarian: "Untagiasing-Harlaching") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

Feldmoching-Hasenbergl

Feldmoching-Hasenbergl (Central Bavarian: "Fejdmoching-Hosnbeagl") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

Ramersdorf-Perlach

Ramersdorf-Perlach is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

Life and Nothing But

Life and Nothing But () is a 1989 French war drama movie directed by Bertrand Tavernier and starring Philippe Noiret, Sabine Azéma, Pascale Vignal, François Perrot, Jean-Pol Dubois, Jean-Paul Comart, Daniel Russo, Frédéric Pierrot.

Three Amigos!

Three Amigos (stylized as ¡Three Amigos!) is a 1986 American western comedy movie directed by John Landis and starring Steve Martin, Chevy Chase, Martin Short, Alfonso Arau, Tony Plana, Patrice Martinez, Joe Mantegna, Phil Hartman, Jon Lovitz, Randy Newman. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.

It is the story of three American silent movie actors (Steve Martin, Chevy Chase, Martin Short) who are mistaken for real heroes by the suffering people of a small Mexican village who are terrorized by a group of bandits led by the chief bandit El Guapo (Alfonso Arau). The actors must find a way to live up to their reputation and defeat the bandits.

Krak de Chevaliers

Krak de Chevaliers () is a castle in Syria. The castle is on a hill and its position means that it can control the nearby valley and two Roman roads. The castle's builders were Crusaders. Between 1144 and 1271 the Knights Hospitaller used the castle. Because scholars have studied the castle and have restored the buildings, people say that Krak de Chevaliers is the best castle that the Crusaders built. The military design of the castle is complex and shows the last development of fortification by during existence of the Crusader states. It is one of the first "concentric castles" (castles with concentric layers of walls). Krak de Chevaliers was an important development in the design of castles, and many other castles' builders copied its design. No army in the Middle Ages ever took the castle by force. UNESCO has named the castle a World Heritage Site. 

Krak de Chevaliers stands on a hill which is high. The hill is at the southern end of the Jabal Ansāriyya mountains, in a position looking over the Homs Gap. Nearby roads carry a trade routes between Antioch and Beirut. The hill has been a fortified place since the 13th century BCE. In 1031 CE, Kurds started to live there in a small castle. In 1110, the Crusaders attacked it took control of the castle. After the Crusaders set up the County of Tripoli, the Knights Hospitaller took control of the castle in 1142. The Knights Hospitaller were the builders of the castle whose ruins remain. The newer castle stands on top of the older 11th-century castle. The oldest buildings there now were built after 1142, when the Knights Hospitaller started to use the place. The first part of the castle to be complete was the centre. At the centre was a building whose shape was an approximation of a triangle. Here are the great hall and kitchens, the chapel, and the granaries, and around these is a thick, strong, masonry wall with towers. When Saladin saw it after his army's victory at the Battle of Hattin, he decided not to attack it.

At the end of the 12th century, the Knights Hospitaller built another defensive wall around the central castle, whereby they closed in of the hill. This wall was also very thick and strong. There are towers at positions along the wall. The first towers to be complete were square in shape, but the later ones were semi-circular. There were two gates with barbicans, one behind the other and joined together by a stone passage with a stone vault. Another postern gate was in the north wall, in a strong position. The Crusaders built many other buildings and made many improvements to the fortifications during this time. The castle was the Hospitallers' headquarters. The Crusaders built the castle's great hall () around 1200. The knights lived together in the great hall. Most of the buildings were complete by around 1220.

After 1170, the castle's chapel was given new frescos. The frescos' painters did the work in a painting style that is like Byzantine art. The Byzantines' influence in the Crusader states was greatest between 1143 and 1169. The builders at Krak de Chevaliers did new work on the great hall building in the style of Gothic architecture.

Krak de Chevaliers was one of several concentric castles that the Knights Hospitaller and the Knights Templar built in the 13th century to stop Muslim armies attacking the Crusader states. The new design was necessary for the repulsion of armies that used new designs of catapults and trebuchets. Krak de Chevaliers had space for large rooms and cisterns with stone vaults. In these rooms and cisterns, the Crusaders could keep enough food and water to eat and drink for many years. The military design meant that the castle was nearly safe from attack. The stores of supplies meant that people in the castle would be safe from a siege. The design of Krak de Chevaliers is one of the best examples of a "concentric castle", along with the castles built by Edward I of England.

The Mamluk leader Baibars attacked Krak de Chevaliers in 1271. His army attacked with trebuchets and catapults. Baibars's army got inside the first wall, but they could not take control of the centre of the castle. Baibars wrote a false letter, which he sent to the Crusaders in the castle. They believed the letter had come from an ally of theirs. The letter said that the Crusaders should surrender. They did surrender, and the Mamluk army of Baibars took control of the castle. After this the Mamluks worked on the castle's buildings. Their builders repaired the buildings and fortifications, and they built a large new tower. The new tower was complete in 1285. (Baibars destroyed many other castles that he took from the Crusaders, but not Krak de Chevaliers.) Unlike many Crusader castles, Krak de Chevaliers continued to be a military position and a centre of government in its area. The castle started to be a town of its own. The frescos in the chapel were whitewashed.

Boroughs of Munich

The boroughs of Munich (, Central Bavarian: "Stodbeziake vo Minga") is divided into 25 boroughs or "Stadtbezirke": 

"Source:" muenchen.de 

Liu Kai-chi

Dick Liu Kai-chi (; 30 September 1953 – 28 March 2021) was a Hong Kong actor. He was known for his roles in "Cageman" and "Beast Stalker", which won him Best Supporting Actor at the Hong Kong Film Awards twice. He began his career in 1979.

He died in Hong Kong on 28 March 2021 from stomach cancer, aged 67.

Al-Ansariyyah

Al-Anṣariyyah (or Jabal Ansāriyya, Jebel Ansariye, Djebel Ansariye, Ansariye Mountains, Ansariyah mountains Jabal an Nusayriyah, or Alaouite Mountains, Alawite Mountains (Jibal al-‘Alawiyin) or Syrian coastal range ("Silsilat al-Jibal al-Saheliyya)") is a mountain range in Syria. The mountains range runs in a north–south direction along the coast of Syria. The range is about long. To the west of the mountain range is the plain along the coast, and on the west is the valley of the Orontes. (The Orontes runs through the Ghab Depression.) The tallest mountains in the range are in the north: there their average height is about , but in the south the average mountains are only high. The harbour city Latakia is to the west of the mountain range's highest mountain, which is high. Al-Ansariyyah is the only area of land in Syria which has thick forests. 

At the southern end of the mountain range is the plain (the Homs Gap) which separates it from Mount Lebanon, in the country of Lebanon. On the south end is Krak de Chevaliers, a castle of the Middle Ages. In Classical Antiquity, the fresh water that came from these mountains supplied the cities of Antioch, Seleucia Pieria, Apamea, and Laodicea. Laodicea (now Latakia) was famous for its wine (from vines grown in this region), and the Roman geographer Strabo wrote that most of the wine in Alexandria in Roman Egypt came from Laodicea. Latakia was famous in the more recent past for its tobacco production.

The mountain range is the homeland of the Alawites. In the Middle Ages, during the Crusades, the Order of Assassins lived in these mountains.

People often migrate from the mountains to the plain of the coast and to the valley of the Ghab Depression, for economic reasons.

Mozhdeh Lavasani

Mozhdeh Lavasani (, born 8 nov 1989 in Tehran) is an Iranian actor, editor, writer, director and speaker.

Lavasani started her career at age of three with the program "Little Hello." She has also performed on national radio.



Vanessa: Her Love Story

Vanessa: Her Love Story is a 1935 American romantic drama movie directed by William K. Howard and was based on the 1933 novel by Hugh Walpole. It stars Robert Montgomery, Helen Hayes, May Robson, Otto Kruger, Lewis Stone, Henry Stephenson, Violet Kemble Cooper, George K. Arthur and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Mehran Modiri

Mehran Modiri (, born April 7, 1967Tehran) is an Iranian comedian actor and Director.

In 2009 Modiri was named by "Newsweek" as one of the 20 people who hold power and public discourse in Iran. In 2015–2018 Modiri mostly seen in Nasim TV at Dorehami program with Avvalmarket sponsorship.

Samban-Lei Sekpil

The "Samban-Lei Sekpil" is the tallest topiary plant in the world. It was planted and modelled into the shapes of opened umbrellas (""Sekpil"") and spheres by Moirangthem Okendra of Kumbi, Manipur. Its unique position is recorded in the Guinness World Records in 1999, and is holding the record till now. The topiary is designed on the plant, which is known as ""Samban-Lei"" in Meitei language (Manipuri language).

Bigil

Bigil is a 2019 Tamil language sports-action movie. It was written and directed by Atlee Kumar. The movie stars Vijay, Nayanthara, Vivek, Jackie Shroff, Kathir. The movie was produced by AGS Entertainment. It was released on 25th October 2019.Bigil collected more than Rs.300 crore in its theatrical run. This movie become the 5th highest grossing movie in Tamil movie industry. It was also the first Tamil movie to be released in Egypt and Jordan. The movie got mixed reviews from critics.

Years after a tragedy compelled Michael 'Bigil' Rayappan (Vijay) to give up a promising career in football, destiny presents him with an opportunity to pursue his passion for the sport as the coach of the women's team.
Xapuri tree frog

The Xapuri tree frog ("Dendropsophus xapuriensis") is a frog that lives in Brazil in the Amazon Basin.

Nissan Sentra

The Nissan Sentra is an automobile. It has been made since 1982. It has gone through many designs and generations.

Sentra started off as subcompact car in 1982. In the 1990s, the 2-door coupe and station wagon were dropped. 

The Sentra was a subcompact from 1982 to 1999. From 2000 and on, the Sentra was a compact car.

The vehicle is made in Mexico and the United States.

Kathleen A. McGrath

Kathleen Anne McGrath (June 4, 1952 – September 26, 2002) was an American Navy. She was the number one woman (first) to command a United States Navy warship.

McGrath was born  On June 4, 1952  in Columbus, Ohio. She got a Bachelor of Science degree in Environmental Science at California State University, Sacramento in 1975. She studied at Officer Candidate School in Rhode Island. She got her Master of Arts degree in Educational Management from Stanford University In 1987.

Melanie Wood

Melanie Matchett Wood (born 1981) is an American mathematician from Harvard University. She was the first woman to qualify for the U.S. International Mathematical Olympiad Team.

She completed her Ph.D. in 2009 at Princeton University, and is now Professor of Mathematics at Harvard University. After her PhD she was Chancellor's Professor of Mathematics at UC Berkeley and Vilas Distinguished Achievement Professor of Mathematics at the University of Wisconsin. She spent two years as Szegö Assistant Professor at Stanford University.

Keba Jeremiah

Keba Jeremiah (born 18 October 1986) is an Indian guitarist and music producer. He works on musical soundtracks for Gospel songs, Bollywood, Tollywood (Telugu), Kollywood music industry.


For Recording purposes, Keba uses Guitar Rig for his classic guitar tones. He also likes Neumann condenser mics to record his acoustic piece very precisely.

Konthoujam Lairembi gi Khubam

The "Konthoujam Lairembi gi Khubam" (Literally, ""Sacred place of Konthoujam Tampha Lairembi"") is a three millenia years old banyan sacred grove, which is the absolute abode of goddess Konthoujam Tampha Lairembi of Sanamahism, the Meitei religion. The grove is one of the oldest Umang Lais in Manipur. It is located in the Konthoujam village, Imphal West District of Manipur. 

Apple M1

The Apple M1 is an octa-core system on a chip that runs at 3.2 GHz. It is the first personal computer chip to have a 5-nm (0.00000019-in) process.

The M1 runs Apple's own macOS and iPadOS operating systems. Initial support for the M1 SoC in the Linux kernel was released on June 27, 2021, with version 5.13.

Snorkel

A snorkel is a tool that human beings use to breathe in water. A snorkel is a tube with two ends: One end goes in the swimmer's mouth. The other reaches up into the air. Then the swimmer, or snorkeler, can breathe.

Racism in the United States

Racism in the United States traces negative attitudes and views on ethnicity and race.

A number of Americans said in 2019 Donald Trump, then-President, had made racial relationships worse.

African Americans, Asian Americans, Hispanics, Latinos and Native Americans in the United States have said that they are victims of racism and racial profiling while in college, at work or on streets.

In 2020 and 2021, protests erupted across the United States. Puerto Rican, Central Americans and Mexicans went across the border, including unaccompanied children and minors. African American and Asian Americans were attacked.

As of July 2016, Caucasian Americans are the largest number of people. Hispanics and Latino are the largest minority population. Many African Americans live either in the Southern United States, the Midwestern United States or Western United States.

Caracara

Caracara or Carcara may refer to:




Downs Link

The Downs Link is a 59.1km path linking the North Downs to the South Downs through the counties of Surrey & Sussex in South East England. The path can be used by pedestrians, bicyclists and horse riders.

Most of the path follows two abandon railways, the Cranleigh Line and the Steyning Line. These railways were closed in the 1960s in the Beeching Axe. The former railways were purchased by the local councils in 1974 where the routes could be used by the public for walking. In 1984 the local authorities worked together and established a 48km long path. The path has been extended over time and now is a continuous 59km route with only a few sections using residential streets.

Ronald Evans

Ronald or Ron Evans may mean:


Sam Derakhshani

Sam Derakhshani (; 22 July 1975 in Tehran) is an Iranian actor.

He started his acting career with "Shab-Zadeghan" directed by Amir Hossein Ghahraei in 1999. He became more famous by acting in "Pejman" series directed by Soroush Sehhat.

Aubing-Lochhausen-Langwied

Aubing-Lochhausen-Langwied (Central Bavarian: "Aubing-Lochhausn-Langwied") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria. The districts Aubing, Lochhausen and Langwied formed together to make 'Aubing-Lochhausen-Langwied'.

Girchi — More Freedom

Girchi – More Freedom (, გირჩი ) is a political party in Georgia. It was founded on 26 December 2020 by Zurab Japaridze. He is former chairman of New Political Center - Girchi.


Klaus Kinski

Klaus Kinski, born Klaus Günter Karl Nakszynski (18 October 1926 – 23 November 1991) was a German actor. He appeared in more than 130 movies. He was famous for working with Werner Herzog and also notorious for his infamous violent outbursts.

He was the father of actors Pola Kinski, Nastassja Kinski and Nikolai Kinski.

Bob Plager

Robert Bryant Plager (March 11, 1943 – March 24, 2021) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for 14 seasons from 1964 until 1978, primarily for the St. Louis Blues. He spent over half a century with the Blues organization in various capacities. He died on March 24, 2021, 13 days after his 78th birthday.

Ghia Nodia

Ghia Nodia (; born 1954 in Russia) is a Georgian political analyst who was the Minister of Education and Science of Georgia, from 31 January 2008 until 10 December 2008.


David Zurabishvili

David Zurabishvili (; born 16 March 1957) is a Georgian politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Georgia from 2004 to 2008.

In 1996 with Levan Ramishvili, Givi Targamadze and Giga Bokeria founded the Liberty Institute, a non-profit, non-partisan, liberal public policy advocacy foundation based in Tbilisi. He was deputy chair of parliamentary faction of United National Movement and deputy chair of the Committee on Education, Culture and Science.

In 2005 he left parliamentary majority.


Orion OB1 Association

The Orion OB1 stellar association is the group of hot giant stars in a large cluster. They are spectral types O and B. There are thousands of lower-mass stars also in this group, and some protostars. 

The association is part of the larger Orion Molecular Cloud Complex. It is the most closely studied OB association.

The Orion OB1 association has these subgroups:

Signs of stellar debris disk have been found in the 1a and 1b subgroups. That is a circumstellar disk of dust and debris in orbit around a star.

List of Regionalligen

Regionalliga may refer to:

Saint George's Cross

The Saint George's Cross, also called the Cross of Saint George, is a red cross on a white background. In the middle ages, it became associated with Saint George.

It was first used during the crusades.

Nowadays, it is famous for being used as the flag of England but has been used in Northern Italy for many centuries and is the symbol of the cities of Bologna, Padua, Reggio Emilia, Mantua, Vercelli, Alessandria and Milan.

It is also a symbol of Catalonia, a region of Spain.

Ladin language

Ladin (, ; autonym: , ; ) is a variant of the Romance language. It is spoken in Northern Italy in the provinces of South Tyrol, Trentino, and Belluno.


Twilight Zone: The Movie

Twilight Zone: The Movie is a 1983 American science fiction horror movie directed by John Landis, Joe Dante, Steven Spielberg, George Miller and was based on the television programme of the same name. It stars Albert Brooks, Dan Aykroyd, Vic Morrow, Doug McGrath, Charles Hallahan, Scatman Crothers, Bill Quinn, Kathleen Quinlan, Jeremy Licht, Nancy Cartwright, Kevin McCarthy, Patricia Barry, John Lithgow, Donna Dixon and was distributed by Warner Bros.


Bavarians

Bavarians (Standard German and Bavarian: "Bayern") are an ethnographic group of Germans of Bavaria. The group's dialect is Bavarian and German.






Backtracking

In computer science, backtracking is a recursive approach for finding solutions to some computational problems. Backtracking gradually finds candidate solutions and abandons candidates, i.e., "backtracks" when a candidate cannot be a good solution.

To apply backtracking to a problem, one must give the data "P" for an instance of the problem that is to be solved, and six procedures, "root", "abandon", "accept", "first", "next", and "save". These procedures should take the instance data "P" as a variable and should do the following:

The backtracking algorithm reduces the problem to the call "backtrack"("root"("P")), where "backtrack" is the following recursive procedure:

Sudden Impact

Sudden Impact is 1983 American action thriller movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars) and is the fourth movie in the "Dirty Harry" series. It also stars Sondra Locke, Pat Hingle, Bradford Dillman, Albert Popwell, Jack Thibeau, Bette Ford, Nancy Parsons and was distributed by Warner Bros.


The Outlaw Josey Wales

The Outlaw Josey Wales is a 1976 American western movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars). It was based on the 1972 novel "The Rebel Outlaw: Josey Wales" by Forrest Carter. The movie also stars Chief Dan George, Sondra Locke, Bill McKinney, John Vernon, Paula Trueman, Sam Bottoms, Charles Tyner, Doug McGrath, Geraldine Keams and was distributed by Warner Bros. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1977 and was followed up by "The Return of Josey Wales" in 1986.

The movie was a commercial success, earning $31.8 million against a $3.7 million budget. In 1996, the film was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress for being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". It is sometimes said to be a "revisionist western" because it breaks the "long taboo" about the treatment of Missourians by Unionists. This is disputed.

One of the things which made the film "culturally significant" was its use of character actors who could speak in dialects which are now dead or rare. This happened in countries as television spread the standardised type of pronunciation which the media elite use. Dialects can still be detected in regional speech in the U.S.A., but they are not nearly so prominent as they were. 


Broken Flowers

Broken Flowers is a 2005 French American mystery comedy drama movie directed by Jim Jarmusch and starring Bill Murray, Sharon Stone, Alexis Dziena, Frances Conroy, Christopher McDonald, Jessica Lange, Tilda Swinton, Julie Delpy, Mark Webber, Chloë Sevigny. It was distributed by Focus Features.


Samsung Galaxy A12

Samsung Galaxy A12 is an Android smartphone that released on Nov 2020.

It has a Infinity-V dlsplay and 48 MP quad cameras.

Mount Vernon, Virginia

Mount Vernon is a census-designated place (CDP) and unincorporated community in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. The population was 12,416 at the 2010 census.

Anthony Starke

Anthony Starke (born June 6, 1963) is an American actor. He is well known for his one episode role in "Seinfeld", playing the third-person-speaking character Jimmy in "The Jimmy", as well as playing Jack on "The George Carlin Show", on Fox.

Eric Goldberg (animator)

Eric Goldberg (born May 1, 1955) is an American animator, voice actor and film director known for his work at both Walt Disney Animation Studios and Warner Bros. Animation.

Amir Aghaei

Amir Aghaei (, born 1 August 1975) is an Iranian actor. 

Edith Cavell

Edith Louisa Cavell (4 December 1865 – 12 October 1915) was a British nurse. 

She saved the lives of soldiers from both sides. She helped some 200 Allied soldiers to escape from German-occupied Belgium during the First World War. She was arrested and accused of treason, found guilty by a court-martial and sentenced to death. Despite international pleas for mercy, she was shot by a German firing squad. Her execution received worldwide condemnation and extensive press coverage.

Edith Cavell was born on the 4th of December 1865 near Norfolk and was the oldest of four children. Her father was a vicar, who always taught her the importance of loving and caring for others. In 1890, she became a governess for a family in Belgium, before returning home to care for her sick father. She enrolled in nursing school in 1896, and graduated in 1898. In 1907, she became a matron at the nursing school in Belgium.

Chris Savino

Christopher Mason Savino (born October 2, 1971) is an American cartoonist, animator, director, writer, storyboard artist, comic book artist and producer. He is well-known as the creator of the animated series "The Loud House". Savino has also worked on "The Ren & Stimpy Show", "Garfield and Friends", "Rugrats", "Timon and Pumbaa", "Animaniacs", "Dexter's Laboratory", "The Powerpuff Girls", "", "", "Mickey Mouse", "The Owl House", and "The Ghost and Molly McGee". 

The Upthrown Stone

The Upthrown Stone () is a 1969 Hungarian drama movie directed by Sándor Sára and starring Lajos Balázsovits, Todor Todorov, László Bánhidi, István Iglódi, Tibor Molnár, Katalin Berek, Ferenc Némethy.

A12

A12 may refer to:

Fred Seibert

Fred Seibert (born September 15, 1951) is an American serial entrepreneur and television producer. He is the founder of Felix Films. Seibert has held leading position with MTV Networks and is an angel investor in several technology and media start-ups. He has produced live action and animated programs and movies for cable television, cinemas, and the internet, and began his professional career as a jazz and blues record producer. Seibert’s work has been honored in numerous fields. In music production his production has been nominated for a Grammy Award. He has received an AIGA Medal for exceptional achievements. He is a member of the Animation Magazine Hall of Fame and has been awarded several Annie Awards and Emmy Awards for his television and film productions.

Symbols of Sanamahism

The Symbolism of Sanamahism, the Meitei religion, is the way of the representation of the certain aspects of the antique paganism of Ancient Manipur (Kangleipak), which began in the 15th century BC. 

The sacred representation is first seen in the Wakoklon Heelel Thilel Salai Amailon Pukok Puya, one of the oldest known Puya (Meitei texts) to the mankind. 

The Meitei number "꯱" ("1", One) is also regarded as a sacred symbol for the religion. 

Anji, though used in late era, especially from Medieval Manipur, is also considered as a sacred symbol.

Cardoso's tree frog

The Cuzco Reserve tree frog or Cardoso's tree frog ("Dendropsophus timbeba") is a frog that lives in Peru and Brazil. Scientists think it might also live in Bolivia.

Samsung Galaxy S21

Samsung Galaxy S21 is a series of Android-based smartphones designed, developed, marketed, and made by Samsung Electronics as part of its Galaxy S series. They are after the Galaxy S20 series. The first three were announced at Samsung's "Galaxy Unpacked" event on 14 January 2021 while the FE was annouced on 3 January 2022. The first three phones were released on 29 January 2021 while the FE was released on 11 January 2022.

Samsung Galaxy S21's design is similar to the one before, Samsung Galaxy S20. The rear cameras have been made part of the phone body; the S21 Ultra has carbon fiber for special colors.

S21: 64 + 12 + 12 MP (max 30x zoom)<br>
S21+: 64 + 12 + 12 MP (max 30x zoom)<br>
S21 Ultra: 108 + 12 + 10 + 10 MP (max 100x zoom)<br>
S21 FE: 12 + 12 + 8 MP (max 30x zoom)

They can record at 8K (24 fps).

S21, S21+, S21 Ultra, and S21 FE have , , and screens respectively. All have 120 Hz support.

The S21 and S21+ offer 8 GB of RAM with 128 GB and 256 GB options for internal storage. The S21 Ultra has 12 GB of RAM with 128 GB and 256 GB options as well as a 16 GB option with 512 GB of internal storage. The S21 FE offers 6 GB and 8 GB of RAM with 128 GB and 256 GB options for internal storage. All four models lack a microSD card slot, which was present on the S20 series.

Techradar wrote about the S21: "The Galaxy S21 isn’t the star of Samsung’s S series in 2021, like we’ve been used to for most of the past decade, but it’s a solid smartphone choice with an impressive camera, powerful internals and great battery life. If you want the best of the best, look to the Galaxy S21 Ultra; but if you want a handset that’s cheaper than the Galaxy S20 was at launch, with a whole load of premium features, the Galaxy S21 is a delight to use, and will do you proud."

Swartekill, New York

Swartekill was a community in the U.S. state of New York. It was the place that Isabella Baumfree (Sojourner Truth) was born in.

Malaysian Canadians

Malaysian Canadians are Canadian citizens who are of Malaysian descent. The 2016 Canada Census recorded 16,920 people self-identifying as Malaysian Canadian or of at least some Malaysian descent, but only 1 820 of these self-identified as solely Malaysian Canadian.

Giorgi Kvirikashvili

Giorgi Kvirikashvili (; born 20 July 1967) is a Georgian politician. He was Prime Minister of Georgia from 30 December 2015 to 13 June 2018.


Giorgi Baramidze

Giorgi Baramidze (, born January 5, 1968) is a Georgian politician who was Vice-Prime Minister of Georgia and State Minister for Euro-Atlantic Integration from 2004 to 2012. He was acting Prime Minister of Georgia from 16 to 22 November, 2007,

Baramidze speaks Georgian, English, Russian and French. He is married. Baramidze has one daughter, Ann.

Vakhtang Kikabidze

Vakhtang Kikabidze (; 19 July 1938 – 15 January 2023), also known as Buba (), was a Georgian (formerly Soviet) singer, actor, screenwriter, producer, composer and politician. He became a member of Parliament in 2020. He has had notable roles. He is married and has a son. He became famous as a lead singer of "Orera", a Georgian estrada group which registered as the first Vocal-Instrumental Ensemble in the Soviet Union in 1958.
Kikabidze died from brain cancer on 15 January 2023, at the age of 84.





Khvicha Kvaratskhelia

Khvicha Kvaratskhelia (; born 12 February 2001), also known as Kvara, is a Georgian professional footballer who plays as a left winger for Serie A club Napoli and the Georgia national team.

Lokomotiv Moscow

Napoli
Individual


Toward Freedom

Toward Freedom () is an 2014 Iranian movie Drama written and directed by Mehrshad Karkhani.

Toward Freedom the story is about two young people who live in an old and closed cinema. One day they decide to go into town to get their money from someone.



Carmen Sarahí

Carmen Sarahí García Sáenz (born on 29 June 1981 in Nuevo Laredo) is a Mexican singer, actress, dancer.

Carmen Sarahí was born in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas. She is a graduate of the Televisa Arts Education Center. He has faced soap operas such as "Rubí", "Rebelde", "Mujer de madera", "Palabra de mujer", "Ni contigo ni sin ti", "El Juramento" (Telemundo), and programs like "SOS: Sex and other secrets", "Como dice el dicho", "La rosa de Guadalupe" and "Decades", where he was part of the musical group "Decadance". He was part of the Guzmán team in the program "La Voz (Mexico)" where he was participating in the third season, reaching the "Knockouts" where he was defeated by Carolina Ross.

She has recorded voices for movies and cartoons. The most well-known work - in animated films Disney, where she voiced Elsa in "Frozen" and "Frozen II". She performed the Latin American Spanish version of the song “Let It Go” (Libre soy) from the movie “Frozen” and of the song “Into the Unknown” (Mucho más allá) from the movie “Frozen II”.

On February 9, 2020, Sarahí was called to join Idina Menzel, Aurora and eight more of Elsa's international dubbers to perform the song “Into the Unknown” during the 92nd Academy Awards. Every international performer sang one line of the song in a different language: Maria Lucia Heiberg Rosenberg in Danish, Willemijn Verkaik in both German and Dutch, Takako Matsu in Japanese, Sarahí in Latin American Spanish, Lisa Stokke in Norwegian, Kasia Łaska in Polish, Anna Buturlina in Russian, Gisela in European Spanish and Gam Wichayanee in Thai.

She married to José Enrique Dávila on 8 November 2014. They have two daughters, Camila (born on 17 March 2016) and Alexa (born on 14 October 2017).

Jharia coalfield

Jharia coalfield is a large coal field in Jharia, Jharkhand, in the east of India. Jharia has the largest coal reserves in India with an estimated 19.4 billion tonnes of coking coal.

A lot of the local population work at Jharia coalfield.

The Alchemist (novel)

The Alchemist () is a novel by Brazilian author Paulo Coelho that was first published in 1988. It was originally written in Portuguese. It became a widely translated international bestseller. It is about a young Andalusian shepherd in his journey to the pyramids of Egypt, after having a recurring dream of finding a treasure there.

Only Lovers Left Alive

Only Lovers Left Alive is a 2013 British German French Greek romantic fantasy drama movie directed by Jim Jarmusch and starring Tilda Swinton, Tom Hiddleston, Mia Wasikowska, John Hurt, Jeffrey Wright, Anton Yelchin, Yasmine Hamdan.

Paterson (movie)

Paterson is a 2016 American German French drama movie directed by Jim Jarmusch and starring Adam Driver, Masatoshi Nagase, Golshifteh Farahani, William Jackson Harper, Rizwan Manji, Kara Hayward, Method Man.

Saturday Night and Sunday Morning (movie)

Saturday Night and Sunday Morning is a 1960 British drama movie directed by first time directed by Karel Reisz and was based on the 1958 novel of the same name by Alan Sillitoe. It stars Albert Finney, Shirley Anne Field, Norman Rossington, Rachel Roberts, Bryan Pringle, Frank Pettitt, Avis Bunnage, Colin Blakely and won 4 BAFTA Awards in 1961.


Lovejoy

Lovejoy is a British television comedy-drama mystery series, based on the picaresque novels by John Grant under the pen name Jonathan Gash. The series, which ran to 71 episodes over six seasons, was originally broadcast on BBC1 between 10 January 1986 and 4 December 1994, though there was a 5-year gap between the first and second series. It was adapted for television by Ian La Frenais.



Ranger Rick

Ranger Rick, formerly Ranger Rick's Nature Magazine, is a children's nature magazine published in the United States by the National Wildlife Federation. The magazine features stories, comics, games, jokes, and articles for kids to know and learn about nature, and how to protect it. The mascot of the magazine is a raccoon called Ranger Rick, who appears in every issue with his friends. The first issue of the magazine was made in 1967 by J.A. Brownridge. The magazine is still printed today, along with the magazines Ranger Rick Jr. (for preschoolers), and Ranger Rick Cub (for toddlers).

URBE University

URBE University is a private university. Its main campus is in Sweetwater, Florida. The university is accredited by the ACCSC (Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges) . It offers bachelor's and master's degrees in various work-related subjects. It has a two-track program; one track is in English, and the other is in Spanish. Before beginning courses, a student must declare which track will be followed. The university's address is 11430 NW 20 St Ste 150,
Sweetwater, FL 33172. The founder and chancellor is Oscar Belloso Medina.

The university began offering degree courses in November 2016.


The Enforcer (1976 movie)

The Enforcer is a 1976 American action thriller movie directed by first time director James Fargo and is the third movie in the "Dirty Harry" series. It stars Clint Eastwood, Tyne Daly, Harry Guardino, Bradford Dillman, John Mitchum, DeVeren Bookwalter, Albert Popwell, Robert Hoy and was distributed by Warner Bros..


A Very English Murder

A Very English Murder () is a 1974 Russian crime mystery movie directed by Samson Samsonov and was based on the 1951 novel by Cyril Hare. It stars Leonid Obolensky, Georgi Taratorkin, Boris Ivanov, Aleksey Batalov, Ivan Pereverzev, Irina Muravyova and was distributed by Mosfilm.

Tynemouth

Tynemouth is a large town in England, at the River Tyne's mouth. It is a historic part of Northumberland. It is a part of North Tyneside borough in Tyne and Wear county.

Greenside

Greenside is a village in the west of the Metropolitan County of Tyne and Wear, England. It used to be in County Durham but it became incorporated into Tyne and Wear in 1974 and then the Metropolitan Borough of Gateshead in 1986.

O, My Darling Clementine

O, My Darling Clementine is a 1943 American musical movie directed by Frank McDonald and stars Roy Acuff, Isabel Randolph, Harry Cheshire, Frank Albertson, Lorna Gray, Irene Ryan, Edwin Stanley, Emmett Vogan. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.


The Grandfather (1954 movie)

The Grandfather () is a 1954 Argentine family drama movie directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and was based on the novel by Benito Pérez Galdós. It stars Enrique Muiño, Mecha Ortiz, Santiago Gómez Cou, Elsa Daniel, Erika Mandel, Florindo Ferrario.

User experience design

User experience design (UXD, UED, or XD) is the activity to support user behavior through usability, usefulness, and desirability by the interaction with a product.

Experience design ("XD") is the practice of designing products, processes, services, events, etc. with a focus on the quality of the user experience and relevant solutions. Its main purpose is to develop the experience of a product, service, or event by several dimensions:


Research is the first and most important element. It helps to understand the user, identify the application's purpose, and recognize target audience's needs, goals, and mental models.

Visual design ("graphic design, user interface design") shows the aesthetics or general look of any user interface. The purpose is to make a message to its audience using colors, images, and symbols.

Information architecture is the science of structuring and organizing the information in products and services to support usability and findability. It includes information about objects, metadata, page structure and navigation.

It is a kind of interaction between users and products. Nowadays interaction designers are involved in creating contextual interfaces.

It shows how the product can be used by some users with effectiveness and satisfaction in a specified context of use.

Accessibility of a system shows if it is easy and clear to use and understand it, often it refers to the ease of use for people with disabilities and is connected with usability. According to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), all content must follow the four main principles of POUR: Perceivable, Operable, Understandable, and Robust.

Human–computer interaction mostly refers to the design, evaluation, and implementation of interactive computing systems for people's use. It is a 3-in-1 process that combines research and getting ready to design, design and testing.

User Experience Design is not a standalone concept - it entails its relation with other design concepts such as UI, CX & SD.

User Interface (UI) Design covers the design aspects of an interface like the colours, buttons, typography, spacing, images, and more. They bring aesthetic value to a digital product and must be reflective of the brand. Imagine the HSBC logo in a handwriting font.

Customer Experience (CX) Design is the sum of what a customer thinks, feels, sees, hears, and does regarding your brand. From the first touchpoint of scrolling on your brand’s ad on social media to being a loyal customer. Tailored CX Design will ensure that your brand is customer-oriented, elevating the experience. Duolingo is a great example.

Service Design (SD) is the backstage of every product/service. The synergic collaboration between the brand, the employees and the customers focuses on the 3P’s of Services – People, Physical Evidence and Processes. SD arranges the policies, technology, systems and infrastructure to present the front stage to the audience, i.e., products, interfaces, and touchpoints.

A Very Christmas Story

A Very Christmas Story () is a 2000 Polish comedy movie directed by Dariusz Zawislak and starring Paul Burczyk, Kasia Olarz, Bartosz Opania, Jan Englert, Gustaw Holoubek, Jerzy Łapiński.

Venus tablet of Ammisaduqa

The Venus tablet of Ammisaduqa is the record of astronomical observations of Venus. It is preserved in many cuneiform tablets from the first millennium BC. 

This astronomical record was probably first done during the reign of King Ammisaduqa (or Ammizaduga). He was the fourth ruler after Hammurabi. So, the origins of this text should be dated to around the mid-seventeenth century BC.

The tablet recorded the rise times of Venus and its first and last visibility on the horizon before or after sunrise and sunset. It records these as lunar dates. These observations are recorded for 21 years.

Naspers

Naspers Limited is a South African Internet company with the main office in Cape Town. The most important activities are online classified advertising, fintech, payments, and food delivery.

It owns different businesses, for instance, Prosus, Media24, Takealot, OLX, etc.

"Naspers" was founded, in 1915 as a publisher and printer of newspapers and magazines by Jannie Marais of Coetsenburg and attorney W.A. Hofmeyr. The name was "De Nasionale Pers Beperkt" (National Press Ltd).

In 1918, the company started publishing books. 

In 1985, the company developed the first pay-TV system and became a media-oriented company.

Since 1994, the company has been on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange in South Africa, and was a part of the Top 10 index for the past several years. 

In 2019, Prosus became the largest Internet company in Europe and Naspers listed its international Internet assets (PayU, ibibo, Multiply, Buscapé, Movile, AutoTraderZA, Property24, SimilarWeb, Avito, OLX, eMAG :, Takealot.com) on the exchange Euronext Amsterdam.

At the end of 2020, Naspers' revenue was about $ 22 billion.

Naspers' main brands include:

The company is also an investor in some international platforms (through Prosus):


The French Lieutenant's Woman (movie)

The French Lieutenant's Woman is a 1981 British romantic drama movie directed by Karel Reisz and was based on the 1969 novel of the same name by John Fowles. It stars Meryl Streep, Jeremy Irons, Hilton McRae, Charlotte Mitchell, Lynsey Baxter, Peter Vaughan, Alun Armstrong, Penelope Wilton and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards in 1982.

Nika Gilauri

Nikoloz "Nika" Gilauri (, ; born 14 February 1975) is a Georgian politician. He was Prime Minister of Georgia from 6 February 2009 to 30 June 2012. He was Minister for Energy (2004–2007) and Minister for Finance (2007–2009) and First Vice Prime Minister of Georgia (2008–2009).

Grigol Mgaloblishvili

Grigol Mgaloblishvili (, ; born 7 October 1973) is a Georgian politician and diplomat. He was Prime Minister of Georgia from 1 November 2008 to 6 February 2009.

TomTom

TomTom N.V. is a Dutch company that provides devices for car and personal GPS navigation. Its production is famous and actively used in Europe, North America and some Asian countries. 

TomTom was founded in 1991.

In September 2005, TomTom bought Datafactory AG.

In 2006, TomTom Traffic was created after buying Applied Generics.

In 2008, the company owned Tele Atlas.

In 2012, TomTom was the main to provide mapping data for Apple's iOS 6 Maps.

In 2014, the company was a partner with Volkswagen Group during the research on Highly Automated Driving (HAD) systems. TomTom N.V. provided Volkswagen Group, Mercedes, Toyota and other big carmakers with their navigation devices.

In 2015, Uber started using TomTom's maps and traffic data in 300 cities.

In 2020, Huawei replaced Google Maps with TomTom's maps on their smartphones.

TomTom is oriented on 2 main market segments: location technology and consumer.

Location technology refers to the company's automotive and enterprise businesses. The company provides cars, tech specialists, some companies and government bodies with maps and navigation software.

The consumer segment is related to selling portable, personal satellite navigation devices. Recently TomTom offered software applications with digital maplinked services instead of devices.

TomTom N.V. offers three types of products: maps, connected services and (navigation) software. The company sells Navigation devices (PNDs) and TomTom GO navigation apps. 

A TomTom's traffic monitoring service uses different sources to give traffic information by combining data from:


Satan's Brew

Satan's Brew () is a 1976 German black comedy movie directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Kurt Raab, Margit Carstensen, Helen Vita, Volker Spengler, Ingrid Caven, Marquard Bohm, Brigitte Mira.

Nairn Academy

Nairn Academy is a secondary school in Nairn, Scotland. The school currently has around 650 pupils and 40 teachers.

Spies Like Us

Spies Like Us is a 1985 American British adventure comedy movie directed by John Landis and starring Dan Aykroyd, Chevy Chase, Vanessa Angel, Bruce Davison, Bernie Casey, Charles McKeown, Tom Hatten, Donna Dixon, Steve Forrest, Frank Oz, Terry Gilliam, James Daughton, Joel Coen, Sam Raimi, B.B. King, Costa-Gavras, Bob Hope, Michael Apted, Larry Cohen. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Lado Gurgenidze

Vladimer "Lado" Gurgenidze (; born 7 December 1970) is a Georgian banker, business executive, and the former politician. He was the sixth Prime Minister of Georgia from 22 November 2007 to 1 November 2008.


Zurab Noghaideli

Zurab Nogaideli (; born 22 October 1964) is a Georgian businessman and politician. He was the 5th Prime Minister of Georgia from 17 February 2005 until 16 November 2007.


Zurab Zhvania

Zurab Zhvania (; 9 December 1963 – 3 February 2005) was a Georgian politician, who was Prime Minister of Georgia and Speaker of the Parliament of Georgia. In 1995 he became the chairman of parliament and was speaker to 1999. In 2003, Zhvania united with other opposition leaders, Burdjanadze and Saakashvili, held non-violent protests against the government ended with Rose Revolution and resignation of Eduard Shevardnaze. Zhvania became prime minister and served until his death in 2005.


Hamid Reza Azarang

Hamid Reza Azarang or Hamid-Reza Azarang (, born May 23, 1972 Tehran) is an Iranian actor, director and screenwriter.

Biblioteca Comunitária Assata Shakur

The Assata Shakur Community Library () is a library in São Paulo, Brazil. It was started by the Ujima Organization to help educate black Brazilians, promote black culture, and spread the work of black writers. The library opened in 2019 in the neighborhood of Vila Formosa. It is named after Assata Shakur, who used to be in the Black Liberation Army and the Black Panthers. The library also distributed food and supplies during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Play Misty for Me

Play Misty for Me is a 1971 American psychological thriller movie directed by first time director Clint Eastwood (who also stars) and also starring Jessica Walter, Donna Mills, John Larch, Irene Hervey, Clarice Taylor, Don Siegel. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

The Night of the Iguana (movie)

The Night of the Iguana is a 1964 American drama movie directed by John Huston and was based on the 1961 play of the same name by Tennessee Williams. It stars Richard Burton, Elizabeth Taylor, Ava Gardner, Deborah Kerr, Sue Lyon, Grayson Hall, Cyril Delevanti and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It won an Academy Award in 1965 and was nominated for 3 others.


Trumpism

Trumpism is a right-wing political movement based on the ideology of Donald Trump, who was the 45th President of the United States from 2016 (when he defeated Hillary Clinton in the presidential election) until 2020 (when he lost the presidential election to Joe Biden). He remains a very active member of the Republican Party and is a candidate for the 2024 presidential election. The Trumpist faction of the Republican Party, the Freedom Caucus, is now the largest faction in the federal Republican Party.

Trumpism is a right-wing ideology that is heavily influenced by national conservatism, right-wing populism and social conservatism. Some have also claimed that Trumpism is Trump's cult of personality. It has also been described as Americanist, Christian rightist, illiberal, isolationist, libertarian, nationalist, nativist, neo-fascist, protectionist, semi-authoritarian and ultraconservative.

Many foreign right-wing or far-right politicians have been described as their country's version of Trump or who have been major allies of Trump. These include Argentina's Javier Milei, Australia's Pauline Hanson and Clive Palmer, Brazil's Jair Bolsonaro, France's Marine Le Pen, Hungary's Viktor Orbán, Italy's Silvio Berlusconi and Giorgia Meloni, Japan's Shinzo Abe, the Netherlands' Geert Wilders and the United Kingdom's Nigel Farage.

During the lead-up to the 45th Canadian federal election, the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau compared the Conservative opposition to the Republican Party and the MAGA movement and compared Opposition Leader Pierre Poilievre to Trump.

Ross Allen's tree frog

Ross Allen's tree frog ("Dendropsophus rossalleni") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Peru and Brazil. Scientists have seen it as high as 200 meters above sea level but not higher.

The adult male frog is 19.0 to 22.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 28.2 to 28.7 mm long. This frog lives in forests.

The male frogs sit near leaves by the surface of the water and sing for the females to come lay their eggs.

Lelepa Island

Lelepa (or Lélépa) is an island that belongs to the country of Vanuatu. It is right above the island of Etafe.

Lelepa is 5 kilometers in length (north-south direction) and its area is 160 hectares. 500 people live on the island, most of them live in the town of Natapao (350 people). The island has a school, kindergarten and two churches. 

People on this island speak the Lelepa language. About 400 people speak it.

Game Wave Family Entertainment System

The Game Wave Family Entertainment System, often known as Game Wave, is a DVD player and home video game console in one made by ZAPiT Games. It first came out in Canada in October 2005. It is part of the seventh generation of video game consoles. It came out in the United States, costing $99. It was so cheap to make because it was an low-cost DVD player with an Altera MAX II Complex Programmable Logic Device added. It first came with "4 Degrees: The Arc of Trivia, Vol. 1", then later came with "Veggie Tales: Veg-Out! Family Tournament".

The Game Wave came with RCA and S-Video cables, and 4 IR-based wireless controllers that look like DVD remotes and a case that holds up to 6 of them. The case and console can sit together on a shelf to form a complete wave shape.

The Game Wave controller has 4 direction buttons and an OK button used to navigate menus and control how DVDs play. The controller has 4 buttons with letters of the alphabet near the top, "A", "B", "C", and "D", mostly designed to make choices in trivia games. A set of number buttons with Menu and Setup buttons are below the direction buttons.

The controllers came in 6 colors: blue, yellow, green, red, purple, and orange. The blue, yellow, green, and red ones come with the console, and the purple and orange ones could be bought separately for $30. Each controller color's infrared flashes at different speeds, allowing the console to support up to 6 controllers at the same time.

Because of the shape of the controller and the company wanted the Game Wave to only be a "Family Entertainment System," none of the console's 13 games are action games. Most games are trivia and puzzle games. Most games are like TV shows and other video games.



GZip

gzip is a computer program that expands and creates ".gz" files on Linux and Unix operating systems.

A ".gz" file containes data compressed with gzip. Often, the file extension will be ".tar.gz", meaning the tar tool was used to combine a directory into a single file.

Efate

Efate is an island that belongs to the country of Vanuatu in the Pacific Ocean. It belongs to Vanuatu's Shefa Province. The island is also called Île Vate. Port Vila, the capital of Vanuatu, is in Efate.

Efate has the most people out of every other island in Vanuatu (about 66000 people live here). The island is 899.5 square kilometers, which makes it Vanuatu's third largest island. Most people on this island live in Port Vila, which is Vanuatu's capital. The highest place on this island is Mount McDonald. The mountain is 647 meters tall (or 2123 feet).

In 1774, Captain James Cook discovered the island and named it Sandwich Island.

During World War II, the island was an important United States military base. On March 13, 2015, Cyclone Pam strongly damaged Port Vila.

C.D. Nacional

Clube Desportivo Nacional, commonly known as Nacional and sometimes Nacional da Madeira (), is a Portuguese football club based in Funchal, on the island of Madeira.

It currently plays in the LigaNos, Portugal's top division of professional football. Nacional was founded in 1910 and plays its home games at Estádio da Madeira, which seats approximately 5,132 people.

Nacional is also known for being one of the clubs that raised Cristiano Ronaldo. To honour the club's most famous player, they named their youth training facilities "Cristiano Ronaldo Campus Futebol".

Girona FC

Girona Futbol Club, commonly known as just Girona, is a professional football club based in Girona, Catalonia, Spain. It was founded in 1930, and currently plays in Primera División. Girona holds its home matches at Estadi Montilivi.

Exynos

Exynos is a brand of CPU made by Samsung. It is based on the ARM architecture. Exynos CPUs are used for mobile devices such as phones.

South Shields

South Shields is a town in Tyne and Wear. It used to be a part of County Durham. It is at the mouth of the River Tyne.

Pseudoallergy

Pseudoallergy is something a living body does when it takes a new medicine for the first time. A pseudollergic response, can mean an anaphylactic reaction, which means too much water leaves the blood. A pseudoallery is not an immune response. Human beings can die from pseudoallergies.

Hugo Portisch

Hugo Portisch (19 February 1927 – 1 April 2021) was an Austrian historian and journalist. He had the gift of being able to explain in simple terms. In Austria, he is mostly known for writing authoritative Works on the First and Second Republic. He also worked with the Austrian newspaper Kurier in the 1950s and 1960s. In the mid-1960s, he advocated a state-controlled TV station which was to be independent of politics, known as ORF today.

Portisch died on 1 April 2021, aged 94.

Wiesław Bocheński

Wiesław Bocheński (7 January 1944 – 7 March 2021) was a Polish wrestler. He competed in the men's freestyle +97 kg at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Warsaw.

Bocheński died on 7 March 2021, aged 77.

Killing a Traitor

Killing a Traitor () is an Iranian movie Drama, written and directed by Masoud Kimiai.
This movie depicts the life of Mehdi Baligh, the most famous Iranian thief and swindler.

Also "Killing a Traitor" was make in February 2021 in the . 

Casoria

Casoria is an Italian city in Campania. It has about 75,000 people.

It is about northeast of Naples.

Castagneto Po

Castagneto Po is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Castellamonte

Castellamonte is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Castelnuovo Nigra

Castelnuovo Nigra is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Tales of a Third Grade Nothing

"Tales of a Third Grade Nothing" is the 6th episode of "Family Guy"s 7th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on November 16, 2008. In the episode, Peter Griffin must go back to the third grade to get a promotion. Stewie changes the look of a nightclub that Brian buys. The episode was written by Alex Carter. Jerry Langford is the director of the episode. About 8.52 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast.

Peter's boss makes him give reports to their CEO. While he does this, he goes into the executive bathroom. The executive bathroom is better than normal bathrooms, making Peter want to be an executive. He tries to make himself look better to Angela (his boss) by making a billboard explode. He accidentally explodes a children's hospital. Angela likes how he is better at working and makes him an executive. However, he is told that he needs to go back to the third grade to be an executive. Peter acts rude to his teacher and does not do well when he gets in the third grade. However, he is put in a spelling bee because he spells a word that Omar (a student in his class that can spell difficult words) can not spell. At the spelling bee, Omar loses because he does not spell the word "coagulate" right. Peter wins when he spells the word "lesbians" right. Angela says to Peter that he will be going to jail for exploding the children's hospital.

Frank Sinatra Jr. does a performance with Brian in a club. The owner of the club sells it to Brian and Frank. They let Stewie turn it into a nightclub. Brian and Frank first feel uneasy, but they feel better about the club after a short time. The club does well until Andy Dick comes in and makes everyone leave.

"Tales of a Third Grade Nothing" was written by Alex Carter. Jerry Langford is the director of the episode. Carrie Fisher guest stars as Peter's boss Angela. "The Hollywood Reporter" said that Angela is one of Fisher's "5 most iconic roles". Frank Sinatra Jr. is the role of himself in the episode.

The episode was seen in about 8.52 million houses when it was first broadcast. Ahsan Haque from IGN said that he liked the episode's complex story and that the jokes were funny and offensive. Steve Heisler from "The A.V. Club" thought that the episode was not "one of the greatest" but "not a bad one" and said it was "slightly above average". Robin Pierson of "The TV Critic" did not like the episode's stories but said that it was "funnier than usual".


Tirol, South Tyrol

Tirol () is a "comune" in the province of South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.

The Dead Pool

The Dead Pool is a 1988 American action thriller movie directed by Buddy Van Horn and is the fifth and final movie in the "Dirty Harry" series. It stars Clint Eastwood, Patricia Clarkson, Liam Neeson, Evan C. Kim, David Hunt, Michael Currie and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Gressoney-La-Trinité

Gressoney-La-Trinité is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Piossasco

Piossasco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

San Colombano Belmonte

San Colombano Belmonte is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cuorgnè

Cuorgnè is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Castiglione Torinese

Castiglione Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

San Francesco al Campo

San Francesco al Campo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cavagnolo

Cavagnolo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

San Secondo di Pinerolo

San Secondo di Pinerolo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cavour, Piedmont

Cavour is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cercenasco

Cercenasco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cortandone

Cortandone is a "comune" in the Province of Asti in the Italian region of Piedmont.

The Cranes Are Flying

The Cranes Are Flying (, translit. "Letyat zhuravli") is a 1957 Russian World War II romantic drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov and starring Aleksey Batalov, Tatiana Samoilova, Nikolay Smorchkov, Vasili Merkuryev, Svetlana Kharitonova, Valentin Zubkov. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


True Friends (movie)

True Friends (Russian: "Верные друзья") is a 1954 Russian adventure comedy movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov and starring Vasili Merkuryev, Nikolay Smorchkov, Boris Chirkov, Aleksandr Borisov, Alexey Gribov, Lyudmila Shagalova. It was distributed by Mosfilm.

Rayappu Joseph

Bishop Rayappu Joseph (; 16 April 1940 – 1 April 2021) was a Sri Lanka Tamil prelate. He was the Roman Catholic Bishop of Mannar.

Joseph was ordained as a priest in December 1967. He was a professor at the St Xavier's Seminary, Jaffna. In July 1992 he was appointed Bishop of Mannar and was ordained as a bishop in October 1992.

Patrick Juvet

Patrick Juvet (21 August 1950 – 1 April 2021) was a Swiss disco singer-songwriter and model. He created hit records in France. His early career was focused on making pop records. His best known singles are "Où sont les femmes" (1977) and "I Love America" (1978). His career began in 1971. Juvet was born in Montreux, Switzerland.

He represented Switzerland at the 1973 Eurovision Song Contest with his song "Je vais me marier, Marie" which ranked at 12th place.

On 1 April 2021, it was announced that Juvet was found dead at his apartment in Barcelona, aged 70. An autopsy report that was released on 8 April, concluded that Juvet died of cardiac arrest.

Linda Sánchez

Linda Teresa Sánchez (born January 28, 1969) is an American politician and lawyer. She is a member of the U.S. Representative for since 2003. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Ashley Jensen

Ashley Jensen (born 11 August 1969) is a Scottish actress and narrator. She was nominated for an Emmy for her role on the television series "Extras", in which she appeared from 2005 to 2007. 

She was a cast member of the ABC series "Ugly Betty". She also plays the main character in the comedy-drama detective television series "Agatha Raisin".

Miriam Peretz

Miriam Peretz (born 10 April 1954) is an Moroccan-born Israeli educator and politician. She is known for her lectures around the world on Zionism. Peretz was the recipient of the Israel Prize for Lifetime Achievement in 2018.

In May 2021, Peretz announced that she would run for president of Israel in the 2021 election. She lost the election on 2 June 2021 to former Opposition Leader Isaac Herzog.

Peretz was born and raised in Casablanca, Morocco. 

Ketanji Brown Jackson

Ketanji Brown Jackson ( ; born Ketanji Onyika Brown; September 14, 1970) is an American lawyer, politician and judge. She is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States since June 30, 2022, replacing Stephen Breyer.

Jackson was the Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit from 2021 to 2022, replacing Merrick Garland. She was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia from 2013 until 2021. She was nominated to the court by President Barack Obama. From 2010 until 2014, Jackson was Vice Chair of the United States Sentencing Commission.

In March 2021, President Joe Biden nominated her to be a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. On June 14, 2021, the United States Senate confirmed Jackson in a 53-44 vote.

In February 2022, President Joe Biden nominated Jackson to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States to replace retiring Associate Justice Stephen Breyer. Her nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate by a 53–47 vote in April 2022. She is the first black woman to be an Associate Justice on the Supreme Court.

Jackson was born Ketanji Onyika Brown on September 14, 1970, in Washington, D.C. Her father, Johnny Brown, was an attorney for public schools in Miami-Dade County, Florida. Her mother, Ellery, was a school principal in Miami, Florida. Jackson grew up in Miami, Florida.

After high school, Jackson studied government at Harvard College. She graduated in 1992 with an A.B. She also performed improv comedy and took classes in drama while at Harvard.

Jackson worked as a staff reporter and researcher for "Time" magazine from 1992 to 1993. She graduated in 1996 from Harvard Law School with a Juris Doctor "cum laude".

Jackson began working as a lawyer in Washington, D.C. She also clerked for Justice Stephen Breyer of the U.S. Supreme Court from 1999 to 2000. Jackson worked in private legal practice from 2000 to 2003.

On July 23, 2009, President Barack Obama nominated Jackson to become vice chair of the United States Sentencing Commission. The U.S. Senate confirmed Jackson on February 11, 2010. Jackson was on the Sentencing Commission until 2014. During her time, she helped reduce sentences for people charged with drug offenses.

On September 20, 2012, Obama nominated Jackson to be a judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.

On February 14, 2013, her nomination was reported to the full Senate by voice vote of the Senate Judiciary Committee. She was confirmed by the full Senate by voice vote on March 22, 2013. Her time in this court was known for ruling against executive decision made by the Trump administration.

On March 30, 2021, President Joe Biden announced his plans to nominate Jackson to be a United States circuit judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit to replace Merrick Garland. On April 19, 2021, her nomination was sent to the Senate.

On April 28, 2021, a hearing on her nomination was held before the Senate Judiciary Committee. During her confirmation hearing, some senators questioned her about her rulings against former President Donald Trump. The committee supported her nomination with a 13–9 vote. On June 14, 2021, the United States Senate confirmed Jackson in a 53–44 vote.

Jackson was seen as a possible Supreme Court Justice nominee since Joe Biden was elected president. On February 25, 2022, President Joe Biden announced he would nominate Jackson to the United States Supreme Court, replacing retiring Associate Justice Stephen Breyer. 

On February 28, 2022, her nomination was sent to the United States Senate. After the Judiciary Committee vote ended in an 11-11 vote tie, her nomination was advanced on April 4 by a 53–47 procedural vote in the Senate to discharge the committee deadlock vote. This was first time that the Senate has discharged the Judiciary Committee from consideration of a Supreme Court nomination since 1853. Jackson was confirmed by the Senate, 53–47, on April 7, 2022, to replace Breyer. She will become the first black woman on the Supreme Court. She will also be the first Supreme Court justice to have been a public defender. 

Jackson was sworn-in as Associate Justice at the end of the Supreme Court's 2021–2022 term on June 30, 2022.

In 2023, Jackson wrote the sole dissenting opinion in "Glacier Northwest, Inc. v. Teamsters", a case that talked about the power of employers to sue labor unions about the destruction of employer property following a strike. 

Jackson says she does not have a particular judicial philosophy; instead, she says she has a perspective on legal analysis or a "judicial methodology". 

"Politico" reported that "Jackson is popular with liberal legal activists looking to replace Breyer with a justice willing to engage in ideological combat with the court's conservatives."

Since joining the Court at the beginning of the 2022 term, Jackson was the most active participant in oral arguments. She spoke an average of 1,350 words per argument, while the eight other justices each spoke on average fewer than 1,000. On February 28, 2023, Jackson wrote her first majority opinion for a unanimous court in "Delaware v. Pennsylvania".

In January 2022, "The New York Times" said that Jackson had not yet written many publications showing a legal philosophy. This was mainly because she had joined the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit only recently, in the summer of 2021. However, "The Times" said, Jackson's earlier rulings showed a liberal point of view, including her opinions blocking various Trump administration actions. A review of many of her judicial opinions showed that she would likely be as liberal as Justice Stephen Breyer, the justice she replaced.

According to Sahil Kapur, writing for NBC News, "Jackson fits well with the Democratic Party and the progressive movement's agenda" because she is relatively young, has a background as a public defender, and a history of labor-friendly rulings.

"Politico" reported that "Jackson is popular with liberal legal activists looking to replace Breyer with a justice willing to engage in ideological combat with the court's conservatives."

In 1996, Jackson married Patrick G. Jackson. He is the twin brother of former Speaker of the House Paul Ryan's brother-in-law. They have two daughters. She is a protestant.


Jack Davis (industrialist)

John "Jack" Davis (born 1933) is an American industrialist and perennial candidate. Davis is the owner of I Squared R Element Company, which he founded in the 1960s.

Davis ran four times for New York's 26th congressional district seat in the U.S. House of Representatives between 2004 and 2011, three times as a Democrat (twice as the general election candidate against incumbent Tom Reynolds and a third time in a three-way primary) and once as an independent.

Battle of Palma

The Battle of Palma is an ongoing battle over control of the city of Palma in Mozambique, between the Mozambique Defence Armed Forces, other Mozambican security forces and private military companies, and Islamist terrorists reportedly associated with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). 

Palma, Mozambique

Palma is a town on the northeast coast of Mozambique's Cabo Delgado Province. Less than 20 miles away is the border with Tanzania to the north and north-west.

2021 Israeli legislative election

Legislative elections were held in Israel on 23 March 2021 to elect the 120 members of the 24th Knesset. It was the fourth election in two years. The 24th Knesset was sworn in on 6 April 2021.

Thirteen parties/alliances got seats.

Winner was HaLikud of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. They got 30 seats. Second was Yesh Atid of Yair Lapid. They got 17 seats.

Netanyahu tried unsuccessfully to form a sixth government. Yair Lapid and Naftali Bennett (HaYamin HeHadash) did succeed and formed the Bennett-Lapid Government.

2021 Microsoft Exchange Server data breach

A global wave of cyberattacks and data breaches began in January 2021 after four zero-day exploits were discovered in Microsoft Exchange Servers, giving attackers full access to user emails and passwords on affected servers. 

In March 2021, it was estimated that 250,000 servers fell victim to the attacks, including servers belonging to around 30,000 organizations in the United States, 7,000 servers in the United Kingdom, as well as the European Banking Authority, the Norwegian Parliament, and Chile's Commission for the Financial Market (CMF).

Afaka kidnapping

The Kaduna kidnapping took place on 11 March 2021, when at least 30 students were kidnapped in Kaduna State, Nigeria, during an attack by gunmen on the Federal College of Forestry Mechanization. 

This is Nigeria's third kidnapping from an academic institution in 2021, and the fourth since December 2020, coming two weeks after the Zamfara kidnapping which resulted in the abduction of 279 female students.

MonsterVerse

The MonsterVerse is an action-adventure monster movie franchise featuring Godzilla and King Kong, produced by Warner Bros. Pictures and Legendary Pictures. The franchise started with "Godzilla" (2014) which acted as a reboot to the "Godzilla" franchise. It was followed by "" (2017), "" (2019), "Godzilla vs. Kong" (2021) and the upcoming "" (2024).

other note was the creatures including Skullcrawler vocalizations by Frank Welker, JD Hall as Mechagodzilla mo-cap and vocalizations.


Istanbul Convention

The Council of Europe Convention on Preventing and Combating Violence Against Women and Domestic Violence, better known as the Istanbul Convention, is a human rights treaty of the Council of Europe against violence against women and domestic violence which was opened for signature on 11 May 2011, in Istanbul, Turkey. 

As of February 2024, it has been signed by 45 countries and the European Union. On 12 March 2012, Turkey became the first country to ratify the convention, followed by 38 other countries and European Union from 2013 to 2024. The Convention came into force on 1 August 2014.

On 20 March 2021, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan announced Turkey's withdrawal from the treaty with a presidential decree. 

2021 Boulder shooting

On March 22, 2021, a mass shooting happened at a King Soopers supermarket in Boulder, Colorado, United States. Ten people were killed, including an on-duty police officer.

The suspected shooter, 21-year-old Ahmad Al Aliwi Al-Issa, was arrested by police after they shot him in the right leg. He was briefly hospitalized before being moved to the county jail.

March 2021 Rohingya refugee-camp fire

On 22 March 2021, a fire started during late afternoon in the Balukhali refugee camp in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh. It destroyed a large part of the camp, killed over a dozen people, and left nearly a thousand injured or missing. 

The fire forced roughly 50,000 Rohingya refugees out of their camps and destroyed many buildings, including schools and food storage centres. First responders to the crisis were refugees from the camp itself. 

2021 Eastern Australian floods

Extreme rainfall on the east coast of Australia beginning on 18 March 2021 led to massive flooding in New South Wales, affecting regions from the North Coast to the Sydney metropolitan area in the south. Suburbs of Sydney experienced the worst flooding in 60 years.

The Australian government declared many parts of the east coast a natural disaster zone after the flooding rains forced 18,000 people to evacuate, in addition to over 1,000 flood rescues.

The floods happened less than 18 months after Australia was affected by the Black Summer bushfires.

2019-20 C2 Cup

The 2019–20 C2 Cup was the 49th season of World's secondary club football tournament.

Due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the tournament was suspended in mid-March 2020 and resumed in August. However, season was abandoned on 30 July 2020.

Thenpennai River

Thenpennai River is a river in Tamil Nadu in India. In the Hindu religion, this river is holy.

This river starts in Karnataka state in the Nanthidurga mountains. This river divides into two rivers at Thirukovilur. One river is called Kedilam and other is Thenpennai.

Katsyaryna Andreeva

Katsyaryna Andreeva (Belarusian: Кацярына Андрэева; Russian: Катерина Андреева (); real name: Katsyaryna Andreevna Bakhvalava; Belarusian: Кацярына Андрэеўна Бахвалава) (born on November 2, 1993, in Minsk, Belarus) is a journalist from Belarus. She worked for the television channel Belsat TV. She showed the event at the place where Raman Bandarenka was beaten to death in 2020. She was arrested there on November 15, 2020, in Minsk.

She was born in Minsk. Her family had journalists before. She learned for about two and a half years in Minsk State Linguistic University, then she moved to Spain. She taught English there for two years. Then she came back home, got to work for the newspaper Nasha Niva as a journalist. In 2017, she moved to the TV channel Belsat.

Katsyaryna Andreeva with Igar Ilyash wrote the book «Belarusian Donbas» in 2020. The book let people know how the Belarusian side takes part in the War in Donbas for the separatists side. The Belarusian government considered the book to be very bad. In 2021, via court decision, it made the book illegal in Belarus for extremism.

Katsyaryna was first arrested in 2017 in Orsha. On September 12, 2020, she was arrested by special police for a live broadcast of a women's protest in Minsk and was locked up for three days.

Together with journalist Darya Chultsova, she became a person in a criminal case on organizing actions that attack public order. Both showed the event of a cruel attack of the police at the place where Raman Bandarenka was beaten to death and the people stood to support the dead one live. That took place at the "" ("Ploscha Peramen") in Minsk on November 15, 2020.

She was not freed after the arrest there. Katsyaryna was moved to a prison in Zhodzina, where she was held until her court trial. On November 24, 2020, ten organizations (the Viasna Human Rights Centre, the Belarusian Association of Journalists, the Belarusian Helsinki Committee and others) made a joint statement. It said that she is a political prisoner.

At a Minsk court meeting led by the judge Natalia Buguk on February 18, 2021, Andreeva und Chultsova were sentenced to serve two years in prison for pushing 2020 Belarusian protests. The state prosecutor was Alina Kasyanchyk, the detective was Ihar Kurylovich.

On April 23, 2021, Minsk City Court said no to a request to call off or change the sentence.

On July 13, 2022, Andreyeva was additionally sentenced to 8 years in prison on charges of state treason.

On February 8, 2021, the US Embassy in Belarus made a statement. It asked to make Chultsova and Andreeva free.

On February 4, 2021, support for the political prisoner was undertaken by Delara Burkhardt, a Member of the European Parliament.

Following the sentencing, on February 18, 2021, President of Poland Andrzej Duda made a public call to make Chultsova and Andreeva free.

On June 21, 2021, the Council of the European Union made a decision to put those responsible for the punishment of the journalists in the . Judge Natalia Buguk was put in the EU blacklist for frequent decisions against journalists and protesters in connection to politics. One example of such verdicts was named. It was the guilty verdict against Katsyaryna Bahvalava (Andreeva) and Darya Chultsova. Prosecutor number two Alina Kasyanchyk was put in the list for the prosecution of the journalists. She was held responsible for indictment of both journalists for ""making electronic motion pictures of quiet protests that were named 'conspiracy' and 'violation of public order'"" without cause. Detective Ihar Kurylovich was put in the list for the preparation of the criminal case against the journalists. He had made the criminal case ready in connection to politics.


"«[They are] strong in spirit, have no doubt in the right [of them], supported by friends, colleagues and the people that they do not know at all – such Katya and Dasha will be put in books,"" Aksana Kolb, editor-in-chief of Novy Chas, wrote two or three days before their sentencing.
She got married with journalist Igar Ilyash in 2016.


Letters from Iwo Jima

The Pink Panther Strikes Again

The Pink Panther Strikes Again is a 1976 British American comedy movie directed by Blake Edwards and is the fifth movie in "The Pink Panther" series. It stars Peter Sellers, Herbert Lom, Leonard Rossiter, Lesley-Anne Down, Colin Blakely, Burt Kwouk, Michael Robbins, Briony McRoberts, Omar Sharif, Dudley Sutton and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1977. It was distributed by United Artists.


Paul Ri Moun-hi

Paul Ri Moun-hi (14 September 1935 – 14 March 2021) was a South Korean Roman Catholic archbishop. He was born in Daegu.

He was ordained to the priesthood in 1965. He was auxiliary bishop, coadjutor archbishop and archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Daegu, South Korea, from 1972 until 2007.

Ri Moun-hi died on 14 March 2021 in Daegu at the age of 85.

A Woman's Decision

A Woman's Decision (, also known as "The Quarterly Balance") is a 1975 Polish drama movie directed by Krzysztof Zanussi and starring Kazimiera Utrata, Maja Komorowska, Piotr Fronczewski, Marek Piwowski, Zofia Mrozowska, Chip Taylor, Mariusz Dmochowski, Danuta Rinn.

Lester Francel

Lester Francel (14 April 1950 – 14 March 2021) was a Colombian weightlifter. He competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Armero, Colombia.

Francel died on 14 March 2021 in Medellín at the age of 70.

Once Upon a Time, Cinema

Once Upon a Time, Cinema (, meaning Naser al-din Shah, Actor of Cinema) is a 1992 Iranian fantasy comedy movie directed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf. It stars Ezzatolah Entezami, Mehdi Hashemi, Akbar Abdi, Mohammad-Ali Keshavarz, Fatemeh Motamed-Arya.


Ozegna

Ozegna is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

San Martino Canavese

San Martino Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Mompantero

Mompantero is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Ceres, Piedmont

Ceres is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

San Maurizio Canavese

San Maurizio Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

The Return of the Pink Panther

The Return of the Pink Panther is a 1975 British–American mystery comedy movie directed by Blake Edwards and is the fourth movie in "The Pink Panther" series. It stars Peter Sellers, Herbert Lom, Christopher Plummer, Catherine Schell, Burt Kwouk, Peter Arne, Peter Jeffrey, Graham Stark and was distributed by United Artists.


Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow

Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow () is a 1963 Italian–French comedy movie directed by Vittorio De Sica and starring Sophia Loren, Marcello Mastroianni, Aldo Giuffrè, Agostino Salvietti, Tecla Scarano, Carlo Croccolo, Tina Pica, Armando Trovajoli. It won an Academy Award in 1965.


Operation Petticoat

Operation Petticoat is a 1959 American World War II comedy movie directed by Blake Edwards and starring Cary Grant, Tony Curtis, Joan O'Brien, Dina Merrill, Gene Evans, Dick Sargent, Arthur O'Connell, Virginia Gregg. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1960. It was spun off into a television series in 1977.


Chu Chu and the Philly Flash

Chu Chu and the Philly Flash is a 1981 American comedy movie directed by David Lowell Rich and starring Alan Arkin, Carol Burnett, Jack Warden, Danny Aiello, Danny Glover, Sid Haig and Neile Adams. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was a box office bomb.


Death Hunt

Death Hunt is a 1981 American-Hong Kong action adventure movie directed by Peter R. Hunt and starring Charles Bronson, Lee Marvin, Andrew Stevens, Carl Weathers, Ed Lauter, Scott Hylands, Angie Dickinson, Maury Chaykin. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


List of IROC broadcasters

The following is a list of the American television networks and announcers who have broadcast IROC races throughout the years. Throughout its history, the IROC series has been aired on ABC, CBS, ESPN and Speed. 

Luino

Luino is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in Lombardy, Italy. It has about 14,000 inhabitants.

It is near the border with Switzerland on the eastern shore of Lake Maggiore.

Dumenza

Dumenza is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in Lombardy, Italy.

Agrippina the Younger

Julia Agrippina (6 November 15 – 23 March AD 59), also called Agrippina the Younger, was a Roman empress. Her father was general Germanicus, and her mother was Agrippina the Elder, a granddaughter of the first Roman emperor Augustus. She was the younger sister of emperor Caligula, the niece and fourth wife of emperor Claudius who was the emperor after Caligula, and the mother of emperor Nero, who became emperor after Claudius.

High Plains Drifter

High Plains Drifter is a 1973 American western movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars) and also starring Verna Bloom, Mariana Hill, Billy Curtis, Mitch Ryan, Jack Ging, Ted Hartley, Anthony James, Robert Donner, Buddy Van Horn. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Emperor Ōjin

Emperor Ōjin was the 15th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.

Reza Yazdani

Reza Yazdani (, born October 16, 1973) is an Iranian singer, musician, composer, and actor. 

He is an Iranian Pop rock musician and has released eight albums and numerous single songs till now. He has performed live concerts since the release of his third album, "Hiss", mainly in Milad Tower Concert Hall. 

Besançon Commune

The Besançon Commune (in french "Commune de Besançon") was a short-lived revolutionary movement conceived in 1871, aiming at the setting of a local autonomous power based on Lyon and Paris experiences. It originates from sociological changes of the city and creation of unions. The Franco-Prussian War, the fall of the Second Empire, and the advent of the Third Republic, precipitate events. While many notables report an insurrectional context and an armed support from Switzerland, correspondences of James Guillaume and Mikhail Bakunin attest to a confrontation prepared between the end of May and the beginning of June 1871. But with the start of a large repression on May 21 until June 7, any attempt was compromised. Despite the hope of a restart, the months following the idea of an insurrection is definitively abandoned mostly with extinction of the groups and activities called anarchists in 1875.

Pauini tree frog

The Pauini tree frog ("Dendropsophus pauiniensis") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Lepuix

Lepuix is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Lepuix-Neuf

Lepuix-Neuf is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Leval, Territoire de Belfort

Leval is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Menoncourt

Menoncourt is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Méziré

Méziré is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Montbouton

Montbouton is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Montreux-Château

Montreux-Château is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Morvillars

Morvillars is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Novillard

Novillard is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

High Desert Museum

The High Desert Museum is a museum of wildlife, history, and art. It is near Bend, Oregon and was opened in 1982. It has both indoor and outdoor exhibits. The main focus of the museum is on the high desert ecosystem and its natural history. It also covers local art and Native American history.


Phouoibi Shayon

Phouoibi Shayon is a 2017 Indian Meitei language mythological feature film. It is directed by Oinam Samananda and produced under the collaboration of the Kanglei Movies World and Sergey Film Production. The story is about the mythology of Phouoibi and her sister goddesses, being sent down to earth to prosper the human civilization.


Phou-oibi, the rice goddess

Phou-oibi, the rice goddess is a 2013 Meitei language ballad opera. It was performed by the Laihui Ensemble of Manipur. It was as a part of "Tapestry Sacred Music 2013", held at an esplanade in Singapore. It is based on the story of Phouoibi, the goddess of bounty in Meitei mythology and religion. It was composed and directed by Mayanglambam Mangangsana.

Delara Burkhardt

Delara Burkhardt (born on November 3, 1992, in Hamburg, Germany) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party. She has been a Member of the European Parliament since 2019. She is a member of the European Parliament Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.

Burkhardt is part of the European Parliament Intergroup on LGBT Rights, the European Parliament Intergroup on Seas, Rivers, Islands and Coastal Areas, and of the Responsible Business Conduct Working Group too.

Being a little one, Burkhardt lived in Siek in Schleswig-Holstein. She studied political science at the University of Kiel from 2012 until 2016.

On February 4, 2021, she undertook support for Katsyaryna Andreeva, Belarusian political prisoner.

Phouoibi (disambiguation)

"Phouoibi" or "Phouoipi" may refer to:

Nicosia, Sicily

Nicosia is an Italian city in Sicily. It has about 13,000 inhabitants.

Offemont

Offemont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Shire Hall

The Shire Hall in Agincourt Square, Monmouth, Wales, is a well-known Grade I listed building in the middle of Monmouth. It was built in 1724, and was previously the place for the Assize Courts and Quarter Sessions for Monmouthshire. In about 1839/40, the court was the place of the trial of the Chartist leader John Frost and other people for high treason for their part in the Newport Rising. The building was also then used as a market place. Owned by the Monmouthshire County Council, it is currently used as a Tourist Information Centre and as the offices for Monmouth Town Council, and is open to the public in part.

Currently, it has been used as a place for a Doctor Who Christmas special and in The Interactives graphic novel.

Casale Monferrato

Casale Monferrato is an Italian city in Piedmont. In 2019, it has about 36,000 inhabitants.

Pérouse

Pérouse is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Superman IV: The Quest for Peace

Superman IV: The Quest for Peace is a 1987 British American superhero fiction action movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and is the fifth movie in the "Superman" series. It stars Christopher Reeve, Gene Hackman, Jon Cryer, Jackie Cooper, Mariel Hemingway, Margot Kidder, Jim Broadbent, Susannah York and was distributed by Warner Bros. and was a box office flop.


Reyhaneh Parsa

Reyhaneh Parsa (born 20 
February 1999) is an Iranian actress.
Reyhaneh Parsa was born on the first of Esfand 1999 in Tehran. She graduated from the conservatory with a degree in drama,

In April 2009, Parsa was the guest of Khandvaneh program. The program in which she participated with Sina Mehrad became a record in terms of reflection on social networks and the number of viewers of Telubion. Parsa's first appearance in a television interview on the Iranium program took place in August 2016.

Embassy of the United Kingdom, Washington, D.C.

The British Embassy, Washington D.C. (also known as in the USA, Embassy of the United Kingdom, Washington, D.C.) is the diplomatic mission of the United Kingdom to the United States, representing the thoughts and views of the United Kingdom. It is located at 3100 Massachusetts Avenue NW in Washington, D.C..

As well as the embassy in Washington D.C., there are eight consulates that also attempt to represent the United Kingdom in the United States. These are located in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Houston, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, and San Francisco, with all of them having consuls-general. There are also 2 British consulates in Denver and Seattle that are called UK Government Offices instead.

The embassy is one of the biggest out of diplomatic missions in Washington D.C. with 210 diplomats and approximately 250 additional staffers working there. Dame Karen Pierce is the current British Ambassador, after being appointed on the 7th February 2020 after the resignation of Sir Kim Darroch after a diplomatic disagreement between the UK and US over Kim Darroch describing then-President Donald Trump as "inept". She would officially be made ambassador on the 23 March 2020.


Steel Magnolias

Steel Magnolias is a 1989 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Herbert Ross and was based on the 1987 play of the same name by Robert Harling. It stars Sally Field, Shirley MacLaine, Dolly Parton, Daryl Hannah, Olympia Dukakis, Julia Roberts (in her Oscar nominated role), Tom Skerritt, Ann Wedgeworth, Sam Shepard, Dylan McDermott and was distributed by Tri-Star Pictures.


The Gaucho War

The Gaucho War () is a 1942 Argentine historical drama movie directed by Lucas Demare and was based on the 1905 novel of the same name by Leopoldo Lugones. It stars Amelia Bence, Enrique Muiño, Dora Ferreiro, Ángel Magaña, Sebastián Chiola, Ricardo Galache.

Hualien train derailment

On 2 April 2021, at , a "Taroko Express" train operated by the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) derailed at the north entrance of Qingshui Tunnel in Heren Section, Xiulin Township, Hualien County, Taiwan. It killed at least 51 people and injured more than 202 others.
At the time of the accident, the train was carrying 488 passengers. The eight-carriage train derailed in a tunnel north of Hualien City, after crashing with a construction truck which fell off the bridge above it.

In the home page of Google Taiwan, It has added the picture of black ribbon in the search bar on 3 April to symbloize the mourning of the deaths in this issue.
Since 3 April, Executive Yuan will half-mast for 3 days to mourn for the deaths in this accident.

Hong Kong artist Chapman To announced to donate 1 million New Taiwan dollar to the families of the dead people. Hong Kong political scientist and columnist Simon Shen donated 1 million New Taiwan dollar to Taiwan government by his firm in Taiwan.

April 2021 United States Capitol attack

On April 2, 2021, a car crashed in the north barricade outside the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C., along Constitution Avenue, killing a Capitol Police officer and injuring another. The Capitol was placed under a lockdown with only a few members were present in the building during the attack. 

The perpetrator, 25-year-old African American Noah Ricardo Green, died at a hospital after being shot.

Divo Zadi

Divo Zadi (25 January 1931 – 1 April 2021) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1953. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Civita Castellana, Italy, from 1989 to 2007.

Zadi died on 1 April 2021 at the age of 90.

Carla Zampatti

Carla Maria Zampatti , (19 May 1942 – 3 April 2021) was an Italian-Australian fashion designer and businesswoman. She was executive chair of the fashion label Carla Zampatti Pty Ltd. Zampatti was born in Lovero, Italy. 

Zampatti was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) in the 1987 Australia Day honours for service to the fashion industry as a designer and manufacturer.

In 2015, HarperCollins published Zampatti's autobiography, "My Life, My Look".

On 26 March 2021, Zampatti was taken to hospital after going to a premiere at Sydney Harbour, where she fell down from a staircase and hit her head. She died from her injuries on 3 April, aged 78.

Clara LaMore

Catherine Clara LaMore (July 2, 1926 – April 2, 2021), also known by her married name Clara Walker, was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. LaMore competed at the women's 200-meter breaststroke and recorded a time of 3:23.6. LaMore was born in Providence, Rhode Island.

LaMore died on April 2, 2021 in North Smithfield, Rhode Island at the age of 94.

North Smithfield, Rhode Island

North Smithfield is a town in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States.

Benito Orgiana

Benito Orgiana (10 February 1938 – 2 April 2021) was an Italian politician. He was born in Orroli, Italy. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1992 until 1994. He was a member of the Italian Republican Party. He was a cofounder of the Fortza Paris party.

Orgiana died on 2 April 2021, aged 83.

Jean Luc Rosat

Jean Luc Rosat (6 September 1953 – 2 April 2021) was an Uruguayan-born Brazilian volleyball player. He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.

Rosat died in Rio de Janeiro on 2 April 2021 from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 67.

Daniel Vachez

Daniel Vachez (3 October 1946 – 15 March 2021) was a French politician. He was born in Lyon. He was a member of the Socialist Party. He was Mayor of Noisiel from 1980 to 2017. From 1997 to 2002, he was a member of the National Assembly for Seine-et-Marne's 8th constituency.

Vachez died on 15 March 2021 at the age of 74.

Milan Hurtala

Milan Hurtala (16 June 1946 – 20 March 2021) was a Slovak rower. He competed in the men's coxed eight event at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Bratislava.

Hurtala died in Bratislava from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Slovakia on 20 March 2021, aged 74.

Herr Puntila and His Servant Matti

Herr Puntila and His Servant Matti (German: Herr Puntila und sein Knecht Matti) is a 1960 Austrian German comedy movie directed by Alberto Cavalcanti and was based on the 1948 play of the same name by Bertolt Brecht. It stars Curt Bois, Heinz Engelmann, Maria Emo, Dorothea Neff, Edith Prager, Karl Skraup, Max Brod, Peter Sturm.

Ceresole Reale

Ceresole Reale is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Luserna San Giovanni

Luserna San Giovanni is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Groscavallo

Groscavallo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cesana Torinese

Cesana Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Modica

Modica is an Italian city in Sicily with 54,456 inhabitants. It is in the Province of Ragusa.

Ten Thousand Days (movie)

Ten Thousand Days () is a 1967 Hungarian drama movie directed by Ferenc Kósa and starring Tibor Molnár, János Koltai, János Rajz, János Görbe, Anna Nagy, László Nyers, Péter Haumann.

A Wall of Silence

A Wall of Silence () is a 1993 Argentine Mexican British drama movie directed by Lita Stantic and starring Vanessa Redgrave, Lorenzo Quinteros, Ofelia Medina, Lautaro Murúa, Soledad Villamil, Julio Chávez.

Battle of Warsaw 1920

Battle of Warsaw 1920 () is a 2011 Polish historical movie directed by Jerzy Hoffman and starring Daniel Olbrychski, Borys Szyc, Andrzej Strzelecki, Ewa Wiśniewska, Olga Kabo, Adam Ferency, Jacek Poniedziałek, Wiktor Zborowski, Wojciech Pszoniak.

Dʿmt

D'mt was a kingdom in Ethiopia and Eritrea from the 10th to 5th centuries BC.

Paper Boats

Paper Boats () is an Argentine Spanish drama movie directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and was based on the novel "Barcos el papel" by Álvaro Yunque. It stars Pablo Calvo, Jardel Filho, Ubaldo Martínez, Enzo Viena, Mariángeles, Alita Román, Ariel Absalón, Alberto Olmedo, Oscar Orlegui, Nelly Láinez.

Three Steps on Earth

Three Steps on Earth () is a 1965 Polish drama movie directed by Jerzy Hoffman and Edward Skórzewski. It stars Irena Orska, Tadeusz Fijewski, Anna Ciepielewska, Ewa Wiśniewska, Ludwik Pak, Mieczysław Czechowicz, Wiesław Michnikowski, Kazimierz Rudzki, Henryk Bąk, Bohdan Ejmont.

A Friend of the Deceased

A Friend of the Deceased () is a 1997 French Ukrainian drama movie directed by Viacheslav Kryshtofovych and starring Aleksandr Lazarev Jr., Anzhelika Nevolina, Elena Korikova, Tetiana Kryvytska Stang Lund, Yevheniy Pashin, Serhiy Romaniuk, Anatoliy Mateshko, Rostislav Yankovsky.

Pale Rider

Pale Rider is a 1985 American western movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars) and also starring Carrie Snodgress, Michael Moriarty, Chris Penn, Richard Kiel, Sydney Penny, Doug McGrath, Richard Dysart. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Cedric Hardwicke

Sir Cedric Webster Hardwicke (19 February 1893 – 6 August 1964) was an English film actor and stage actor.

Bronco Billy

Bronco Billy is a 1980 American western comedy movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars) and also starring Sondra Locke, Geoffrey Lewis, Bill McKinney, Scatman Crothers, Dan Vadis, Doug McGrath, Woodrow Parfrey. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Absolute Power (movie)

Absolute Power is a 1997 American crime thriller movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars) and was based on the 1996 novel of the same name by David Baldacci. It also stars Gene Hackman, Ed Harris, Laura Linney, Scott Glenn, Dennis Haysbert, Judy Davis, E. G. Marshall, Kenneth Walsh, Richard Jenkins and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil (movie)

Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil is a 1997 American mystery thriller movie directed by Clint Eastwood and was based on the 1994 novel of the same name by John Berendt. It stars Kevin Spacey, John Cusack, Jack Thompson, Jude Law, Alison Eastwood, Geoffrey Lewis, Georgia Allen, Emma Kelly, Kim Hunter, Bob Gunton and was distributed by Warner Bros..

Aidin Ardjomandi

Aidin Ardjomandi (Born 25 March 1988, Tehran) is an Iranian multidisciplinary Designer and Cartoonist. He is a member of the World Design Consortium, International Design Club, International Council of Creative Industries, and the International Association of Designers. Ardjomandi is working in his own design studio as a product and lighting designer and also is the lecturer and manager of marketing at Istituto di Moda Burgo in Qatar and the international relations manager of Azerbaijan Design Awards, permanent International Bureau of Service Providers and Alliance of International Business Associations and official author of Design Adage website.

In 2015 Aidin Ardjomandi won A’DESIGN Award by inventing a new brand musical instrument, the Celloridoo, which was a hybrid one by a combination of Cello and the Didgeridoo. The Aerophone part of Celloridoo is played with continuously vibrating lips to produce the drone while using a special breathing technique called circular breathing. This requires breathing in through the nose whilst simultaneously expelling stored air out of the mouth using the tongue and cheeks and the chordophone part is played with a bow. A chordophone needs a Pegbox, a neck and a resonance box, and an aerophone needs a pipe and a mouthpiece so the pipe under the mouthpiece became to peg box and neck to install finger board on it, and the lowest part of it became to a resonance box to install bridges, holes and keep the strings.



White Hunter Black Heart

White Hunter Black Heart is a 1990 American adventure drama movie directed by Clint Eastwood and was based on the 1953 novel of the same name by Peter Viertel. It also stars Jeff Fahey, Alun Armstrong, George Dzundza, Charlotte Cornwell, Norman Lumsden, Marisa Berenson, Catherine Neilson, Edward Tudor-Pole, Timothy Spall and was distributed by Warner Bros..

Breezy

Breezy is a 1973 American romantic drama movie directed by Clint Eastwood and is the first movie he didn't star in and starring William Holden, Kay Lenz, Roger C. Carmel, Marj Dusay, Joan Hotchkis, Lynn Borden, Shelley Morrison. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


The Eiger Sanction (movie)

The Eiger Sanction is a 1975 American action thriller movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars) and was based on the 1972 novel of the same name by Trevanian. It also stars George Kennedy, Jean-Pierre Bernard, Vonetta McGee, Jack Cassidy, Thayer David, Gregory Walcott, Heidi Brühl and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Ahl Iman

Ahl Iman (; meaning people of faith), is a Persian term related to religion that is used by Iranian Shia Muslim scholars, author and translator of the Quran Mirza Mahdi Elahi Qomshehei (1901 - 1973) in his Persian translation of the Quran, which is used to describe another variant of the Quranic Arabic sign words يأيها الذين آمنوا, which means o you who believe in the English language, of which the term soon used in various translations of the Quran such as the Urdu translation of the Quran by Fateh Muhammad Jalandhry as اہل ایمان. 

The Persian term is first founded and seen in the Persian translation of the Quran by Mirza Mahdi Elahi Ghomshei. An example of the Quranic verse that contains these words are based below: 

ای اهل ایمان، روزی حلال و پاکیزه‌ای که ما نصیب شما کرده‌ایم بخورید و شکر خدا به جای آرید اگر شما خالص خدا را می‌پرستید. 

English meaning: O people of faith, eat the lawful and pure foods which We have bestowed upon you, and be grateful to Allah if you sincerely worship Him.

Adopted from: Surah al-Baqarah, verse 172

The same term is soon used in various Quran and other translations such as in the Urdu translation of the Quran by Fateh Muhammad Jalandhry, where the term is used as اہل ایمان, in the following example below: 

اے اہل ایمان جو پاکیزہ چیزہں ہم نے تم کو عطا فرمائے ہیں ان کو کھاؤ اور اگر خدا بی کے بندے ہو تو اس (کی نعمتوں) کا شکر بھی ادا کرو

Source: Quran, Surah al-Baqarah, verse 172
Havířov

Havířov (, ) is a city in the Karviná District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 71,000 people which makes it the second-largest city in the region.


Baden bei Wien

Baden is a city in the Austrian state of Lower Austria. It is the capital of the Baden District. It is also a spa town.

It is about south of Vienna.

Dendropsophus studerae

Dendropsophus studerae is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place in Brazil.

Covfefe

Covfefe is a word that was spelt wrong by then-President of the US Donald Trump in a viral internet meme. It was sent in a tweet that said "Despite the constant negative press covfefe". It was widely suggested by the media that Donald Trump meant to write "coverage". However, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said that it was not a misspelling, with him saying "I think the president and a small group of people know exactly what he meant."

The tweet would remain used in internet culture and by the media for much time afterwards. When writing for "The Atlantic", journalist Adrienne LaFrance said that "Covfefe remains the tweet that best illustrates Trump's most preternatural gift: He knows how to captivate people, how to command, and divert the attention of the masses." This media story suggested that Donald Trump was very good at getting attention and fascinate people.

The Urban Dictionary would soon add a page on "covfefe", with the page saying that: "It literally means covfefe."

Dictionary.com would also say that "covfefe" was at the top of their list of 'unmatched queries' in October 2017 and would continue to have the largest amount of user searches for words without a page.

U.S. Representative Mike Quigley started H.R.2884, "The Communications Over Various Feeds Electronically for Engagement Act (COVFEFE Act)" on June 12, 2017. The act suggested that national archives should need to store social media posts by the President of the United States. The bill went to the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on the same day but saw no further congressional action. Despite this, Donald Trump's tweets and other posts were stored as said in the Presidential and Federal Records Act Amendments of 2014.

Heinu Leima

Heinu Leima is the female personification and the divinity of fruitful abundance in ancient Meitei mythology and religion. She is the goddess of fruit trees, gardens and orchards. She watches over and protects fruit trees and cares for their cultivation. The words, ""Heinu"" means ""fruit lady"" and ""Leima"" means ""queen"" in the Ancient Meitei language. She is mentioned in the Phouoibi Waron, one of the ancient Puya (Meitei texts), as one of the goddesses who helped Phouoibi to find her quests for love. 

Åtorp

Åtorp is a locality in Degerfors Municipality in Örebro County in Sweden. In 2010, 212 people lived there. The river Letälven runs along Åtorp.

Chothe Thangwai Pakhangba

Chothe Thangwai Pakhangba is a Meitei language literary work of the first half of the eighteenth century AD. It is one of the rarest instances of the conjugal love set in the region of Ancient Moirang kingdom. The first page of the text mentions that the book was written during the period of King Garib Niwaj (Pamheiba) of Medieval Manipur. The story reflects the then society of Ancient Moirang. It is, in a sense, the reverse of the Nongban Pombi Luwaoba (Nungpan Ponpi Luwaopa).

Thangwai Koting Ahanpa (Thangwai Koding Ahanba) (337 AD-387 AD) was the ruler of Ancient Moirang and Leima Thamoilembi (Thamoilengpi), his queen. For sometime, the latter felt quite happy as she was with child, but suffered a shock as it disappeared through a natural abortion. However, Salailen (Soraren), the God of Heaven, sent the child back to her womb with the instruction that he should be born to the Queen as her son, but should not live long with her to attain the age of any rite of passage. Five months went by. Salailen (Soraren) appeared in her dream and told her that the child she was carrying was His own and that when born he should not be brought up on any propane food or drink. After she was delivered of the child, the God again appeared in her dream, reminded her of His relation with the child and expressed His desire to call him "Chothe Thangwai Pakhangba". Then the boy grew up and soon attained the grace and vigor of a youth. As human memory, by nature, is short, his parents had completely forgotten the divine dictates. Meanwhile, Chothe Thangwai Pakhangba, one day, chanced to see Sunulembi, the daughter of Thongnang Loikemba (of Cachari origin) and was instantly head over heels in love with her. Through a formal engagement, the two were married in a grand manner. But God's will is irrevocable and the young man had overstepped what was set for him. So, Salailen came in person and reminded during his sleep of what was enjoined on his parents. While awake, Sunulembi, his lady found him in tears enquired whether he had any secret love. At last, he came out with what to take place within five days and the same was conveyed in the early morning to his parents, friends and relatives. On the appointed day, Chothe Thangwai Pakhangba, prinked up in his best clothes with the help of his wife, and was now prepared for the heavenly journey. But Sunulembi, his lady too offered herself to keep her husband company to the land of the leal. None could restrain her and leaving all the near and dear ones thrown into an abyss of sorrow, the young couple ascended towards the sky, the progress of which was being watched by all on the ground with bated breath and by shading the eyes with their palms.

Soon afterwards, they were on the threshold of another sphere which was under deep waters of flood. The gate of heaven was thrown open and the guard posted there instantly prepared a bridge to which only the husband was granted entry. But on the earnest insistence of Sunulembi, both were allowed to cross. They went up to another hemisphere where their passage was blocked by a swarm of snakes. This time, on the request of her husband to the poisonous creatures, Sunulembi was allowed to proceed. On reaching the precincts of Salailen's abode, they were forbidden access as no couple could lead a worldly life in heaven. At last, the all-powerful God directed Sunulembi to return to earth and feed the man only with heavily victuals. But Sunulembi resisted it with all her might and with eyes bathed with tears, kept her husband tightly held in her arms. She also threatened of ending her life there from thirst and starvation. Hearing this, Salailen was flummoxed and immediately sent a ferocious wild boar as big as a bull to cause harm to the bewailing woman. But Sunulembi was the least awed by it and unflinchingly was ready to die the painful death. Next, a dreadful tiger was sent on her which too could not terrify her. Thirdly, she could easily withstand the surging waves of a devastating flood. Fourthly, the scorching flames of a wild fire left her untouched. Lastly, the god engaged a hill kite to snatch her away, which too miserably failed.

At long last, being moved her irrepressible spirit and devoted love, the God gave her husband back and over and above that the sceptre of the kingdom of Ancient Moirang was bestowed on Chothe Thangwai Pakhangba with a blessing of long and plentiful reign with his wife. As they descended straight alive and with radiant joy from heaven in broad daylight, the people of the kingdom were taken by surprise. But they were overjoyed at seeing the couple and instantly made Chothe Thangwai Pakhangba (387 AD-447 AD) the king.

Presently, Chothe Thangwai Pakhangba is also venerated as a serpentine dragon deity in Meitei mythology and religion.


Loos, Nord

Loos is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Mouvaux

Mouvaux is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Meitei culture

The culture of Meitei civilization evolved over thousands of years, beginning in Ancient Manipur, continuing most notably into Medieval Manipur, while influencing the neighboring states and kingdoms.
The architectural works of the Meitei ethnicity is best known through its Meitei temples as well as ancient buildings including palaces, court halls, offices, entrance gates and so on.

Meitei literature dates back right from the 15th century BC, during the era of Tangcha Lee La Pakhangpa (Tangja Leela Pakhangba) (1445 BC-1405 BC) in Ancient Manipur. The Puya (Meitei texts) account for most of the accounts for the literary works till Medieval Manipur.

Some of the most prominent Puyas, written in Meitei language (Manipuri language), are given below in alphabetical order:

Important days fall in different times of a year according to Meitei calendar. Some are as follows in alphabetical order:

Sanamahism, the Meitei religion, has thousands of Meitei deities.The List of figures in Meitei mythology accounts for the characters in Meitei mythology, the receptacle of the Meitei religion.

The "Lai Haraoba" festival is an ancient ritualistic music and dance festival, often performed in order to please the Umang Lais and the Lam Lais, whose pantheons are found scattered in the plains of Manipur still today.

Jagoi, originally spelled as Chatkoi, is the traditional form of dancing, performed by the devotees to please the deities.
Here is a list of the "Chatkoi"s ("Jagoi"s) :

C
K
L
M
P
T

The Meitei people perform four types of death ceremony since time immemorial. These are:

Manipur, the Meitei kingdom, has risen to prominence in a number of sporting areas since ancient times till today.
Polo, the equine sports played all over the world, is developed from Sagol Kangjei, the primitive form of the game. Ancient Manipur is the native birth place of the modern polo.

Dampierre

Dampierre is the name of several communes in France:



Petit-Croix

Petit-Croix is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Petitefontaine

Petitefontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Petitmagny

Petitmagny is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Phaffans

Phaffans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Réchésy

Réchésy is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Recouvrance

Recouvrance is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Reppe

Reppe is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7

The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 was an Android smartphone released on 25 Aug 2016. It has a 5.7" display.

On September of 2016 the first explosions of this device was reported, this incidents led to banning the device on the planes, Samsung called to a change of this device. but later appears reports of changed devices that was exploited, on this point the company canceled the change program and the production of the device, it was also request to thee owners of the phone to return it. , on an investigation was discovered that the problem was the bateries 

On December of 2016 Samsung started to send updates for disable and limit the charge of the phone, to the people that doesn't return it, first the update limited to 60%, then 30% and on January of 2017 disable the charge, Verizon doesn't send the updates for do not leave there clients uncommunicated during the holiday period

Riervescemont

Riervescemont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Romagny-sous-Rougemont

Romagny-sous-Rougemont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Zac Goldsmith

Frank Zacharias Robin Goldsmith, Baron Goldsmith of Richmond Park (born 20 January 1975) is a British politician and journalist who currently has the role as Minister of State for Pacific and the Environment. He served as Member of Parliament for Richmond Park after being elected in the 2010 general election until 2016 and from 2017 until 2019
. He also was the Conservative candidate in the 2016 London mayoral election, which he lost to Sadiq Khan from Labour.

He is also a member of the Goldsmith family.

Roppe

Roppe is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Rougegoutte

Rougegoutte is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Debra Maffett

Debra Sue Maffett was the Miss America winner in 1983. She crowned the first black Miss America, Vanessa Williams, in 1984.

Colleretto Giacosa

Colleretto Giacosa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Chianocco

Chianocco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Chiaverano

Chiaverano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Chiesanuova, Piedmont

Chiesanuova is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Chiomonte

Chiomonte is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Steven Pruitt

Steven Pruitt (born 1984) is an American Wikipedia editor who has the largest amount of edits on the English Wikipedia with over 5 million. He was called one of the 25 most important influencers on the Internet by Time magazine in 2017. 

Pruitt edits under the username "Ser Amantio di Nicolao," a reference to a little-known character in Giacomo Puccini's 1918 singing show "Gianni Schicchi".

Steven Pruitt was born in around 1984 in San Antonio of Texas, being the only child of Alla Pruitt, and his dad, Donald Pruitt of Richmond, Virginia. He passed from St. Stephen's & St. Agnes School in Alexandria in 2002. He went to the College of William & Mary and graduated in 2006 with a degree in art history.

Pruitt works for U.S. Customs and Border Protection as a contractor, where he works with information and records.


Frossasco

Frossasco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Inverso Pinasca

Inverso Pinasca is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cuceglio

Cuceglio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Exilles

Exilles is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Chiusa di San Michele

Chiusa di San Michele is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Chivasso

Chivasso is a city and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Monessen, Pennsylvania

Monessen is a city in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. As of the 2020 census, 6,876 people lived here.

DuBois, Pennsylvania

DuBois is a city in Clearfield County, Pennsylvania, United States. 7,510 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Rougemont-le-Château

Rougemont-le-Château is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Saint-Dizier-l'Évêque

Saint-Dizier-l'Évêque is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Saint-Germain-le-Châtelet

Saint-Germain-le-Châtelet is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Sermamagny

Sermamagny is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

DDR-Oberliga

The DDR-Oberliga was the top division of football) in East Germany.


Sevenans

Sevenans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Suarce

Suarce is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Borgosesia

Borgosesia is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Dampierre-sur-Avre

Dampierre-sur-Avre is a commune. It is in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.

Burmese tofu

Burmese tofu is a food made from water and chickpea flour. Unlike regular tofu, it does not have soy in it.

To make it, water, chickpea flour, turmeric, and salt are mixed. This mixture is then heated up until it looks and feels like cream. After that it is allowed to cool down and get hard.

It came from the Shan people of Burma.

Nokia 6260 slide

Nokia 6260 is part of a smartphone series including the Nokia 6300. It was announced on the Mobile World Congress in April 5, 2009. The Nokia 6260 is also used with the Nokia TV Series, like the Nokia N90 and the Nokia N93 since 2008.

Nokia 6260 was included in the Mobile TV Series on February 4, 2009, along with the Nokia N93, and the Nokia 6260 was announced on March 5, 2009. The Nokia 6260 was scheduled for release on April 5, 2009, during the Nokia Tablet Congress in September 25, 2006. The Nokia 6260 was also officially released worldwide in April 5, 2009, and the first version was released in the United States earlier.
Nokia 6260 slide was conutinue to worldwide on 28 September 2013, and discontinued.


Győr-Moson-Sopron County

Győr-Moson-Sopron (, ; ; ) is a county in north-western Hungary, nearing Slovakia and Austria. The capital of the region is Győr. The region merged with Győr-Moson and Sopron to create "Győr-Moson-Sopron".

Győr-Moson-Sopron County has 2 urban counties, 10 towns, 4 large villages and 167 villages.






Győr-Moson-Sopron County has a partnership relationship with:


Pâté

Pâté is a mixture of ground or pureed meat and fat. "Pâté" means "paste" in French. Pâté can be in the form of a meatloaf or a spread that can be put onto bread with a knife.

Pâté is very popular in French cooking.

Foie gras is a famous type of Pâté made from the livers of ducks or geese.

Charcuterie

Charcuterie is a French word that means cold cooked meats and the process of making them. Charcuterie often means food made from pork but not always.

An example of a charcuterie meat is salami.

A charcuterie platter or charcuterie board is a wooden board with these types of meats, crackers, fruits, nuts, etc.

Inshallah

Inshallah (Arabic: إِنْ شَاءَ ٱللَّٰهُ) is an Arabic phrase that means "if God is willing". It is used by Arabic speakers to talk about events they hope will happen.

In many religions, such as Islam, it is believed that things do not happen unless Allah (God in Arabic) lets them happen. Therefore this phrase is a hope that God will let the event happen.
"Inshallah" is also used in many other languages, especially where there are many Muslims or where people were introduced to the Arabic language.

Ford Expedition Max

The Ford Expedition Max is a extended length SUV built by the Ford Motor Company. The vehicle is a sister to the standard size Ford Expedition and successor to the Ford Excursion, which was built from 2000 to 2006. The vehicle was introduced in 2007 as the Expedition EL in the United States, the Middle East, and The Philippines, while Canada and Mexico used the Expedition Max name due to conflict with another badged brand sold in those countries. In 2017, Ford made The Expedition Max the global brand with the second generation model starting with the 2018 model year.

The Young Guard (movie)

The Young Guard (, translit. Molodaya Gvardiya) is a 1948 Russian World War II drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov and was based on the novel of the same name by Alexander Fadeyev. It stars Vladimir Ivanov, Inna Makarova, Nonna Mordyukova, Sergei Gurzo, Lyudmila Shagalova, Aleksandr Antonov.

The Return of Vasili Bortnikov

The Return of Vasili Bortnikov (, "Vozvrashshyeniye Vasiliya Bortnikova") is a 1953 Russian drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and was based on the novel "The Harvest" by Galina Nikolayeva. It stars Sergei Lukyanov, Vsevolod Sanayev, Klara Luchko, Inna Makarova, Nonna Mordyukova and was distributed by Mosfilm.

World religions

World religions is a category used in the study of religion for the largest and most widespread religious movements. Christianity, Islam, Judaism, Hinduism, and Buddhism are always included in the list; they are known as the "Big Five". Some scholars also include other religions, such as Sikhism, Zoroastrianism, or the Bahá'í Faith. The term "world religions" is used to compare them with other groups, such as indigenous religions and new religious movements.

The term was first used in the 1960s. Scholars such as Ninian Smart first used it, because he wanted to get away from looking at religions form a focus of Christianity. Smart also wanted to take other religious traditions into account. 

The concept of "world religion" has also been criticized: Scholars such as Jonathan Z. Smith have said that it should be abandoned. They say, the concept is bad because it takes the Protestant view as the model of what is a religion. Protestantism is a movement that developed recently. According to the scholars, it takes an uncritical standpoint, and it dictates what religions should be called "major". Other people have argued that the concept is useful, as long as people are aware of its shortcomings.

The scholars of religion Christopher R. Cotter and David G. Robertson described the "World Religions Paradigm" as a way of thinking about religions which organizes them into a set of discrete traditions with a supposedly 'global' importance. It typically consists of the "Big Five" religions: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Hinduism, and Buddhism.

As noted by Cotter and Robertson, the "Big Five" religions are often listed in an order which places the largest three Abrahamic religions—Christianity, Judaism, and Islam—before the non-Abrahamic religions Hinduism and Buddhism. The category is sometimes also extended to include other religious groups, such as Sikhism, Zoroastrianism, and the Baháʼí Faith.

Including Judaism in the Big Five is problematic: Because it influenced Christianity and Islam it is often included. It is also historically important. Looking at the number of its followers, however, it does not fit in the list: There are far fewer Jews than there are Christians, Muslims, Hindus, and Buddhists. It does also not fit the list, because the other groups want to spread their religion; Judaism doesn't.

Many scholars have used the "World Religions" category alongside other "catch-all" categories such as "new religious movements" and "indigenous religions". The scholar of religion Steven J. Sutcliffe compared the relationship between the three categories to the English football league system, with the "world" religions forming a Premier League, the "new" religions forming a Championship, and "indigenous" religions a First Division. That groups that get placed in categories like "indigenous religions" get treated less seriously than the "world religions" by many scholars was noted by the scholar of religion Graham Harvey. Harway said that "indigenous religions should receive similarly respectful treatment to that considered appropriate to the larger 'World Religions'."



The Rumyantsev Case

The Rumyantsev Case () is a 1956 Russian crime drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and starring Aleksey Batalov, Sergey Lukyanov, Vladimir Lepko, Yevgeny Leonov, Inna Makarova, Nikolay Kryuchkov, Ants Eskola.

The Height

The Height (Russian: Высота, Translit.: Vysota) is a 1957 Russian drama movie directed by Aleksandr Zarkhi and was based on the novel of the same name by Evgeny Vorobyov. It stars Inna Makarova, Nikolai Rybnikov, Lev Borisov and was distributed by Mosfilm.

The plot is based on a team of steel erectors working on a construction site in a small town.

Anna Karenina (1967 movie)

Anna Karenina () is a 1967 Russian drama movie directed by Aleksandr Zarkhi and was based on the 1877 novel of same name by Leo Tolstoy. It stars Tatiana Samoilova, Nikolai Gritsenko, Vasily Lanovoy, Yury Yakovlev, Iya Savvina, Maya Plisetskaya and was distributed by Mosfilm.

Fiumicino

Fiumicino is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome in Lazio, Italy. It has about 80,500 people.

It is home to the largest airport in Italy, the Leonardo da Vinci–Fiumicino Airport.

Brunnen

Brunnen is a village on Lake Lucerne in the Swiss canton of Schwyz. It is part of the municipality of Ingenbohl.

Michael Dummett

Sir Michael Anthony Eardley Dummett (1925–2011) was an English academic. He was "among the most significant British philosophers of the last century and a leading campaigner for racial tolerance and equality". 

Dummett was, until 1992, Wykeham Professor of Logic at the University of Oxford. He wrote on the history of analytic philosophy, and made original contributions in the philosophies of mathematics, logic, language and metaphysics. 

He was known for his work on truth and meaning. In mathematical logic, he developed an intermediate logic, already studied by Kurt Gödel: the Gödel–Dummett logic.

Dummett graduated in Politics, Philosophy and Economics from Oxford University. 

Dummett was a Professor of Logic at Oxford. He taught philosophy at several other universities, such as Birmingham University, UC Berkeley, Stanford University, Princeton University, and Harvard University. 

Here are some of his works in philosophy:

He won the Rolf Schock prize in 1995. He also won the Lauener Prize in Analytical Philosophy in 2010.



Poly-Play

Poly-Play is an East German arcade machine by VEB Polytechnik that came out in 1985. It is the only arcade machine from East Germany. It contains multiple games. One of them is a "Pac-Man" clone. About 2,000 machines were made.


The machine's coin slot works by detecting pressure. It uses 50 Pfennig, but can be tricked by pressing a 1 Pfennig coin the correct way into the top of the slot. This was mostly allowed because the government owned the machines, which were mostly found in FDGB holiday homes, youth hostels and non-profit clubs. The machine could be played for free at many youth clubs until large crowds often came around them.

A machine was shown in the Museum of Computing in Swindon, England in 2004 before being shown as part of the touring video game show Game On from 2005 in multiple museums, such as the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago and the Science Museum in London. Two machines are at RetroGames e.V. in Germany, and another at the Computerspielemuseum Berlin.

All games have been able to be played in MAME since 2000. The names of four more games are in the source code: "Der Gärtner" (The Gardener), "Im Gewächshaus" (In the Greenhouse), "Hagelnde Wolken" (Hailing Clouds, a "Space Invaders" clone) and "Der Taucher" (The Diver, a game where malicious fish attack a diver). As well as those four games, 'Im Irrgarten" (In the Maze), "Der Lindwurm" (The Lindworm), "Fly" and "AFU" are on at least some machines. Another game, "UFO", is the original version of "Hagelnde Wolken", but was edited because the authorities did not like its fighting themes.




Family Relations

Family Relations () is a 1981 Russian Ukrainian drama movie directed by Nikita Mikhalkov (who also stars) and also starring Ivan Bortnik, Nonna Mordyukova, Svetlana Kryuchkova, Yuri Bogatyryov, Oleg Menshikov, Vsevolod Larionov. It was distributed by Mosfilm.

Mirror for a Hero

Mirror for a Hero () is 1987 Russian science fiction fantasy movie directed by Vladimir Khotinenko and was based on the short story by Stanislav Rybas. It stars Ivan Bortnik, Sergey Koltakov, Boris Galkin, Yakov Stepanov.

Donald Davidson

Donald Davidson was an American philosopher. He taught philosophy during several years at the American universities.

Davidson majored in English and comparative literature on William Shakespeare at Harvard University and switched it to philosophy.

He taught Philosophy at the University of California, Berkeley and also held teaching appointments several other universities such as Stanford University, Rockefeller University, Princeton University, and the University of Chicago. 

Here is the list of some of his works in philosophy:



Taraneh Javanbakht

Taraneh Javanbakht (, born 12 May 1974) is an Iranian-Canadian scientist, philosopher, writer, artist, translator and activist.

Javanbakht was first graduated with a bachelor's degree in Chemistry from the Shahid Beheshti University in 1996. She earned her first PhD in physical chemistry from the Pierre and Marie Curie University in 2002.Her first master's thesis was in physics. She moved to the University of Montreal to continue her postdoctoral research work in engineering and nanotechnology. She has studied and earned master's at Université du Québec à Montréal: in molecular biology in 2011 in Philosophy in 2016.

Taraneh Javanbakht is an academic researcher and lecturer. She has worked at the Univerity of Montreal, Polytechnic of Montreal and Concordia University.

Here is the list of some of her works:

Javanbakht has worked on different projects on sciences (physics, chemistry, biology), nanotechnology and engineering. Her research works were published in scientific journals in France, Canada and United States. Some of her scientific works are as follows:
Research papers include:

Javanbakht's works are in metaphysics, logic, philosophy of mind, epistemology, analytical philosophy, ethics, political philosophy and aesthetics. Her philosophical system, netism was published in Iran and Canada. She has also worked on the ethics of Rousseau and Voltaire.

Javanbakht's books of poetry and short stories were published in Iran. One of her poem books called "Iranian Songs in Seven Languages" is in several languages. She writes poems in Persian, Turkish, Arabic, English, French, German and Russian for it. Her poems and short stories has been published in several journals and magazines.

She is a painter, composer, sculptor and photographer. Her artworks have been published in several sources and presented in art exhibitions in Canada.

Some of her works are in women's rights and human rights. She has written several papers on thiese isses She has written about the impacts of the cultural and intellectual progress on humanity.


Thiancourt

Thiancourt is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Urcerey

Urcerey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Valdoie

Valdoie is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Vauthiermont

Vauthiermont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Vellescot

Vellescot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Vescemont

Vescemont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Vétrigne

Vétrigne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Vézelois

Vézelois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Territoire de Belfort department in northeast France.

Rivero's tiny tree frog

The Rivero's tiny tree frog or pallid dwarf tree frog ("Dendropsophus minusculus") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Venezuela and Brazil.

Build Back Better Plan

The Build Back Better Plan is a plan suggested by US President Joe Biden. It suggests ways of putting money into infrastructure and thoughts on creating 10 million more environment helping jobs. The money suggested would also be used for housing, healthcare, education and pay fairness if the plan goes into place.

The plan's official points are:

The plan calls for $2 trillion in spending over four years.


Eagle Lake (British Columbia)

Eagle Lake is a lake in the Chilcotin District of British Columbia Interior in Canada. It is southeast of Tatla Lake and west of Williams Lake. The lake is known to be a quite popular location for tourists at summer.

Afzal-ud-Daula, Asaf Jah V

Afzal ad-Dawlah, Asaf Jah V Mir Tahniyath Ali Khan (11 October 1827 – 26 February 1869) was the ruling Nizam of Hyderabad, India, from 1857 to 1869.

The Nizam's Rubath is an accommodation building purchased by the 5th Nizam for the people of Hyderabad State coming to the Holy pilgrimage (Hajj) to city of Mecca.

It initially consisted of 42 buildings, but with the expansion of the Grand Mosque, only three buildings remain.

Other reforms during his reign, by his Prime Minister Salar Jung, included the establishment of a governmental central treasury in 1855.

Asaf Jah V reformed the Hyderabad revenue and judicial systems, instituted a postal service and constructed the first rail and telegraph networks. In 1861 he was awarded the Star of India.

During the regime of the Nizam V- Mir Tahniyath Ali Khan Siddiqi (Afzal-ud-Dawlah), Dar-ul-Uloom, the first regular educational institution of Hyderabad, was set up in 1854.

He died at Hyderabad on 26 February 1869, after a reign of just 12 years and was buried at the Mecca Masjid mosque.


Seona Dancing

Seona Dancing (, ) was a British new wave band from the 1970s. The band is best known for making Ricky Gervais perform in public for the first time. The band had little success, except their song "More to Lose" become popular in the Philippines.

Ricky Gervais and his friend Bill Macrae started "Seona Dancing" while learning at University College London. Gervais wrote and sung the lyrics, and Macrae made the music and played keyboards. They recorded a demo tape with 16 songs, then were signed to London Records, which released two of their songs: "More to Lose" and "Bitter Heart". In June 1978, they performed "More to Lose" on the children's television show "Razzmatazz", which was shown on ITV. Despite that, and "Bitter Heart"'s promotion with a music video, "More to Lose" reached number 117 and "Bitter Heart" number 79, not reaching the top 40 of the UK Singles Chart. This made the band end in 1979. Gervais later became successful around the world as a comedian and actor. When Jimmy Kimmel asked him about Macrae in an interview in 2014, he answered "I hope he got fat, too."
In 1980, DWRT-FM (then known as 99.5 RT, now 99.5 Play FM), a radio station in Metro Manila, Philippines, started playing a song, which they chose to give the false name of "Fade" by Medium (or "Medium" by Fade) to stop anyone finding and playing it. They also tried to stop other radio stations from recording and playing it by adding a station ID in the middle of the song. 1 year later, another radio station, DWXB-102, revealed the song is actually "More to Lose" by Seona Dancing.

The song, which uses repeating piano sounds to represent falling teardrops, has been popular on the radio, in clubs and at high-school dances from the 1980s. AllMusic critic Michael Sutton wrote that the track was "the theme song of angst-ridden New Wave youths in the Philippines" and "an '80s anthem as ubiquitous as Peter Gabriel's 'In Your Eyes', but with the eternal hipster cool of Joy Division's 'Love Will Tear Us Apart'."


An unofficial CD with all of the band's songs (except the 7" versions of "Bitter Heart" and "Tell Her") on it, named "More to Lose", came out in 2005.

Duquesne, Pennsylvania

Duquesne is a city in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. At the 2020 census, 5,254 people lived there.

Ciconio

Ciconio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Pino Torinese

Pino Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Frassinetto

Frassinetto is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Traversella

Traversella is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Moriondo Torinese

Moriondo Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Coassolo Torinese

Coassolo Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cintano

Cintano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Rivarolo Canavese

Rivarolo Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Rondissone

Rondissone is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cossano Canavese

Cossano Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Settimo Rottaro

Settimo Rottaro is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Industry, California

Industry is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

La Verne, California

La Verne is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Lawndale, California

Lawndale is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Mombello di Torino

Mombello di Torino is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Antras, Gers

Antras is a commune in the Gers department. It can be found in the southwestern part of France.


Arblade-le-Haut

Arblade-le-Haut is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ardizas

Ardizas is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Armentieux

Armentieux is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Armous-et-Cau

Armous-et-Cau is a commune that is in the Gers department. It can be found in the southwestern part of France.

Arrouède

Arrouède is a commune in the Gers department. It can be found in the southwestern part of France.


Aubiet

Aubiet is a commune in the Gers department. It can be found in the southwestern part of France.


Augnax

Augnax is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Aujan-Mournède

Aujan-Mournède is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Auradé

Auradé is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Vallo Torinese

Vallo Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

1954 in association football

The following are the football (soccer) events of the year 1954 around the world.










National teams world champions (football)

This article collects the national teams world champions FIFA. The two competitions that award said official"" title was the two Olympic Tournaments of 1924 and 1928 (organised by the IOC together FIFA) and the current FIFA World Cup (from 1930).

Uruguay in the international plane has attained two World Cup (the first edition of 1930 and the edition of 1950) and has won two Gold Medals in the Olympic Games (in 1924 and 1928), the two only editions recognised by FIFA like championships of the world (until 2021, when the recognition was placed sub iudice). The decision took in 1924.

Although the FIFA does not promote the statistical unification of the tournaments, the legitimacy of the titles also was coming confirmed by the fact that the world-wide federation allowed to the National football team of Uruguay to show 4 stars in the T-shirt (also in the 2018 FIFA World Cup, unlike other teams that are used to plant the stars to evoke continental triumphs, as traditionally they do the African selections). According to the regulation of the FIFA, each star is equivalent to a world-wide conquered. 

Another confirmation was coming from of a book published by the FIFA and that contains a section that certifies, with vintage official documents, the position of Uruguay like four times "World Champion of the FIFA". 

In 2021, FIFA asked the Uruguayan federation to remove 2 stars from the game uniform. This was confirmed by the director of competitions and member of the Executive Council of the Uruguayan Football Association, Jorge Casales. Casales stated that the AUF will try to appeal the decision, showing that the two championships Olympics of 1924 and 1928, were recognized as world championships. The media wrote that the decision would be made by the FIFA Council as in the case of the Intercontinental Cup. In October, FIFA definitively recognized the world titles in question as official.



Thunder Among the Leaves

Thunder Among the Leaves () is a 1958 Argentine Paraguayan drama movie directed by Armando Bó (who also stars) and was based on the short story "La hija del ministro" by Augusto Roa Bastos. It also stars Isabel Sarli, Andrés Laszlo, Félix Ribero, Ernesto Báez, Javier Franco.


Yesterday Was Spring

Yesterday Was Spring () is a 1955 Argentine drama movie directed by Fernando Ayala and starring Oswaldo Cabrera, Roberto Escalada, Analía Gadé, Carmen Giménez, Víctor Martucci.

Gerardo Mello Mourão

Gerardo Mello Mourão (January 8, 1917 – March 9, 2007) was a Brazilian epic poet, politician, journalist, translator, essayist and biographer.

He was a major figure of Brazilian epic poetry as well as all lusophone literature. His best-known works include "Invenção do Mar: Carmen sæculare" (1997) and "Os Peãs" (1982). He was also known for his involvement with ideological movements of the 20th century, such as fascism and communism. For this reason, Mourao was arrested 18 times. He was also tortured in prison.

1. FC Magdeburg

1. FC Magdeburg is a German football club. They were founded on 21 December 1965, and they currently play in the 3. Liga. They are the only East German team to win a European trophy, when they won the 1973–74 European Cup Winners' Cup. 





Vice-President of Zambia

The Vice-President of Zambia is the second highest position in the executive branch of the Republic of Zambia. The Vice-President was previously appointed by the President before the amendment of the Constitution in 2016. Under the amended Constitution, when a sitting President dies, resigns or is removed from office, the Vice-President automatically assumes the presidency, unlike when the Constitution demanded holding of presidential by-election within 90 days. This is so because now every presidential candidate shall pick a running mate for Vice-President and the two will share the vote meaning voting for a President is an automatic vote for the Vice-President.

The Vice-President also heads the Office of the Vice-President, a government ministry.


Anne Feeney

Anne Feeney (July 1, 1951 – February 3, 2021) was an American folk musician and singer-songwriter, political activist and attorney. Feeney was born in Charleroi, Pennsylvania, Her mother was a homemaker and her father a chemical engineer at Westinghouse Electric Co. She began her career in 1969 as a student activist playing a Phil Ochs song at a Vietnam War protest, one of many causes she embraced. As an undergraduate she cofounded Pittsburgh's first rape crisis center and went on to earn a Juris Doctor degree in 1978, seeking to effect social change through the legal system. She worked as a lawyer for 12 years while also pursuing music and activism, and ultimately decided engaging through music was her calling. Blending Irish music with American folk and bluegrass, as well as her political message, she recorded twelve albums and toured most of the period from 1991 to 2015, attending protest rallies and joining the concerts of groups like Peter, Paul and Mary. The latter also recorded a version of Feeney's anthem for civil disobedience, "Have You Been to Jail for Justice?"
In August 2010, while touring in Sweden, Feeney was diagnosed with small cell lung cancer. Feeney was in rehabilitation for a fracture in her back when she contracted pneumonia related to COVID-19. She died at UPMC Shadyside hospital in Pittsburgh on February 3, 2021, aged 69, with her family by her side.


Reptilian (1999 movie)

Reptilian or "Yonggary 2001" is a 1999/2001 South Korean-American action-horror comedy science fiction adventure monster film directed by Shim Hyung-rae. loosely based on the original character of the same name, in the 1967 film as a self-remake called "Reptilian".
featuring of the actors including, Harrison Young, Donna Philipson, Richard Livingston, Dan Cashman. this version was distributed by Columbia Tristar Home Video in 2001.

in 2000, an giant skeleton fossil unknown creature dinosaur-type called Yongary, an alien resurrected the giant creature by a beam onto the sky and regenerated his body and alive, run through the dig site when, Campbell squashed by Yongary his feet, escaped. Yongary smelling Hughes, Holly then surrounded by Apache helicopters to shoot the creature. then Yongary destroys the bridge, goes on a rampage attack Los Angeles. Air Force jets to aim Yongary out the streets. then the US Army to bombing the creature in a city, then teleported away. the Special Forces to gunfight at the creature, escaped. then the soldiers to aiming the diamond to force away by O'Neil hitting himself as a once-self. immediately the jet fighters to resumed aiming again to the giant buildings, sometimes Yongary grabbing was saving these people. then activating the Cykor monster launches an fireball down the city. Yongary to brawl Cykor with his body including tentacle-like roots to attack. then Yongary spitting fireball aiming at Cykor's body to explodes. later day, Yongary tied by helicopters to transport was taken from an deserted island. 

The 2001 version was released on DVD by Columbia Tristar Home Video on August 21, 2001 as "Reptilian". then Blu-Ray to remastered the film until 2022.

Fabriciano Sigampa

Fabriciano Sigampa (15 September 1936 – 31 March 2021) was an Argentine Roman Catholic archbishop. He was born in Vichigasta, Argentina.

Sigampa was ordained to the priesthood in 1970. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Reconquista, Argentina from 1985 to 1993 and was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of La Rioja, Argentina from 1993 to 2006. He was archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Resistencia, Argentina, from 2006 to 2013.

Sigampa died on 31 March 2021 in La Rioja, Argentina at the age of 84.

Owl (sculpture)

Owl is a sculpture eight metres tall, designed by Bruce Armstrong. Its full name is The Big Powerful Owl. It is in Canberra, Australia.

Owl was built in 2011, and is one of the 150 megasculptures of Australia.

The shape of the owl has spared some criticism but remained a great tourist attraction from all over Australia.

The statue has also been prone to graffiti and the ACT government had to spend $3000 on removing the graffiti.

Saint-Gingolph, Haute-Savoie

Saint-Gingolph is a commune. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in the Haute-Savoie department in southeastern France. In 2018, 863 people lived there.

Aurensan, Gers

Aurensan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Aurimont

Aurimont is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Aussos

Aussos is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Auterive, Gers

Auterive is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Aux-Aussat

Aux-Aussat is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Corbie

Corbie is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Corbie is twinned with:

Avensac

Avensac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Avéron-Bergelle

Avéron-Bergelle is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Beaucourt-sur-l'Hallue

Beaucourt-sur-l'Hallue is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Avezan

Avezan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ayguetinte

Ayguetinte is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


And the Violins Stopped Playing

And the Violins Stopped Playing () is a 1988 Polish American World War II drama movie directed by and based on the novel by Alexander Ramati. It stars Horst Buchholz, Piotr Polk, Marne Maitland, Jan Machulski, Aleksander Bardini, Jerzy Nowak, Wladyslaw Komar, Wiktor Zborowski, Aleksander Ford, Wiesław Wójcik and was distributed by Orion Pictures.

Minister for Foreign Affairs (Japan)

The Minister for Foreign Affairs (外務大臣, Gaimu Daijin) of Japan is the Cabinet member responsible for Japanese foreign policy and the chief executive of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

Since the end of the allied occupation of Japan, the position has been one of the most powerful in the Cabinet, as Japan's economic interests have long relied on external relations. The recent efforts of former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi to establish a more interventionistforeign policy have also heightened the importance of the position.

The position is currently held by Yoshimasa Hayashi.

official website

Blume in Love

Blume in Love is a 1973 American romantic comedy movie directed by Paul Mazursky (who also stars) and also starring George Segal, Susan Anspach, Kris Kristofferson, Marsha Mason, Shelley Winters, Ed Peck, Shelley Morrison. It was distributed by Warner Bros..

Jim Molan

Andrew James Molan (11 April 1950 – 16 January 2023) was an Australian politician and former major general in the Australian Army. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He served as a senator for New South Wales from November 2019 until his death in January 2023. He was also a senator for New South Wales from December 2017 to June 2019.

Molan was born in East Melbourne, Victoria. He was married to Anne and has four children. One of his daughters is Erin Molan, a sports presenter.

In April 2021, Molan said he had an aggressive form of cancer. He died on 16 January 2023, at the age of 72.

The Dead Don't Die

The Dead Don't Die is a 2019 American Swedish South African horror comedy movie directed by Jim Jarmusch and starring Bill Murray, Adam Driver, Tilda Swinton, Chloë Sevigny, Steve Buscemi, Danny Glover, Selena Gomez, Austin Butler, Iggy Pop, Sara Driver, Tom Waits, Carol Kane.


Fairy Tale (color)

Fairy Tale (color) is a light, pinkish colour.


Cherry blossom pink

Cherry blossom pink is a red-ish pink color. As the name suggests, it is named after the cherry blossom tree.


David Sarajishvili

David Zakharyevich Sarajishvili (; (born October 28, 1848, Tiflis, Russian Empire — June 20, 1911, Tiflis, Russian Empire) — Russian scientist of Georgian origin, entrepreneur and philanthropist. He founded several cognac plants in the Russian Empire, including the Tbilisi and Kizlyar Brandy Factory.


Seashell (color)

Seashell is an whiteish color that is similar to some of the very pale pinkish tones that are common in seashells.

As to Malraux and make it seem like a white color.


Mincho Nikolov

Mincho Nikolov (; born 14 September 1952) is a former Bulgarian rower who was in the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.

The Lost Continent (1968 movie)

The Lost Continent is a 1968 British fantasy adventure movie directed by Michael Carreras and was based on the 1938 novel "Uncharted Seas" by Dennis Wheatley. It stars Eric Porter, Hildegard Knef, Suzanna Leigh, Tony Beckley, Nigel Stock, Neil McCallum and was distributed by Hammer Film Productions.

Mountbatten pink

Mountbatten pink, also known as Plymouth pink, is a naval camouflage color resembling grayish mauve.

Bad Girls (1994 movie)

Bad Girls is a 1994 American western movie directed by Jonathan Kaplan and starring Madeleine Stowe, Mary Stuart Masterson, Andie MacDowell, Drew Barrymore, James Russo, James LeGros, Robert Loggia, Dermot Mulroney. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Ayzieu

Ayzieu is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Nova Friburgo tree frog

The Nova Friburgo tree frog ("Dendropsophus microps") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Pickled walnuts

Pickled walnuts are an English pickle, made from walnuts. People say pickled walnuts work well with a plate of cold turkey or ham, or a blue cheese.

The process for making pickled walnuts takes about a week.

The Run of the Country

The Run of the Country is a 1995 American romantic drama movie directed by Peter Yates. It is based on the novel by Shane Connaughton, and stars Albert Finney and Matt Keeslar.

The story tells of a political and generational conflict in a teen romance and coming-of-age story in Ireland. Albert Finney stars as a policeman with the Garda Síochána in a small County Cavan village just south of the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic. The sergeant, with nothing to do, hopes for just one murder to solve and make himself famous. His real concern, however, is that his relationship with his 18-year-old son Danny (Matt Keeslar) has been strained since the recent death of his wife from a heart attack during a domestic quarrel. Danny blames his father for his mother's death and resents his father's bullying ways, so he moves in with his best friend Prunty (Anthony Brophy). Danny then falls in love with Annagh (Victoria Smurfit), a beautiful, red-haired northerner, and their relationship, which becomes sexual, brings Danny's conflict with his headstrong father to a boil.


Novelist Shane Connaughton, who also wrote the script for "My Left Foot" (1989) and "The Playboys" (1992), adapted the script from his novel. The movie shares some of the same thematic and stylistic qualities of Yates's second movie of 1995 — "Roommates".

The movie was mainly filmed on location in Redhills and near Ballyhaise, neighbouring villages in County Cavan. Some scenes were filmed in Clones, County Monaghan, a town near Redhills. Other locations in the Republic of Ireland were also used.

Michael Wilmington of the "Chicago Tribune" said, "Peter Yates' best or best-remembered movies...all excel at showing male interaction. And that's one of the strong points of "Run of the Country." Just as Finney's outstanding trait as an actor is the solidity he gives his parts—his growly voice and bulldog chin pulling the audience one way, his yearning eyes pulling them another—Yates's direction, at its best, has an earthy reliability."


Bajonnette

Bajonnette is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Barcelonne-du-Gers

Barcelonne-du-Gers is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Barcugnan

Barcugnan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Barran

Barran is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Bars, Gers

Bars is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Lakewood, California

Lakewood is a city in Los Angeles County, California. Lakewood was created in 1954.

Rolling Hills, California

Rolling Hills is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Santa Fe Springs, California

Santa Fe Springs is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Sierra Madre, California

Sierra Madre is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Signal Hill, California

Signal Hill is a city in Los Angeles County, California.

Perosa Canavese

Perosa Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cinzano, Piedmont

Cinzano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Palazzo Canavese

Palazzo Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

San Giorgio Canavese

San Giorgio Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bascous

Bascous is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Gianluigi Colalucci

Gianluigi Colalucci (24 December 1929 – 28 March 2021) was an Italian Master Restorer and academic. He is best known for being the chief restorer of the Sistine Chapel in the Vatican City from 1980 to 1994.

Samsung Galaxy (original)

Samsung Galaxy i7500 also know as Samsung Galaxy is a Mobile device created by Samsung, announced on April 27, 2009 and released on June of 2009. This device is one of the first smartphones that use Operative system Android and the first Samsung phone in use this Operative System. His successor is the Galaxy i5700.

This device is a smartphone. It offers GSM with a tri-band HSDPA, the versions of the pages of Danish, Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish only have dual band UTS 900/2100.

This phone have a AMOLED touchscreen of 3.2-inch, a 5 megapixel camera with LED flash, a digital compass, a headphone jack of 3.5 mm, and a directional pad. 

This smartphone includes the Operative system Android in the version 1.5, but in a some countries can be upgraded to Android 1.6, in other countries users can install manually these version. 

Marijampolė

Marijampolė is a city in Lithuania. It is the capital of Marijampolė County and center of the Suvalkija region. Marijampolė is the seventh-largest city in Lithuania. The city's area is 205.07 square kilometers. The river Šešupė divides the city into two parts. Six bridges go over the river in Marijampolė.

Bassoues

Bassoues is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Bazian

Bazian is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Bazugues

Bazugues is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Beaucaire, Gers

Beaucaire is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Beaumarchés

Beaumarchés is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Beaumont, Gers

Beaumont is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Beccas

Beccas is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Bédéchan

Bédéchan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Belloc-Saint-Clamens

Belloc-Saint-Clamens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Belmont, Gers

Belmont is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Béraut

Béraut is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Berdoues

Berdoues is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Bernède

Bernède is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Berrac

Berrac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Castelnau-Barbarens

Castelnau-Barbarens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Betcave-Aguin

Betcave-Aguin is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Parker, Texas

Parker is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Pińczów

Pińczów is a town in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in Poland. In 2013, 11,303 people lived there.


Animated movies

An animated feature is a movie made by animation that has more than 60 minutes. In 1937, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs was the first ever American animated feature. In 1995, Toy Story was the first ever CGI animated feature.

A Troll in Central Park

A Troll in Central Park or Stanley's Magic Garden is an animated feature made in 1994. It is American, Irish and British. It is an animated fantasy comedy. It was directed by Don Bluth and Gary Goldman. It has a rating of 14% on Rotten Tomatoes. A Troll in Central Park (1994) is considered as one of the worst animated features of all time.

Heartbreak Ridge

Heartbreak Ridge is a 1986 American war movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars) and also starring Marsha Mason, Everett McGill, Moses Gunn, Eileen Heckart, Bo Svenson, Boyd Gaines, Mario Van Peebles, Peter Koch, Tom Villard. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1987.


Speedy Gonzales

Speedy Gonzales is a cartoon character from "Looney Tunes". He is the fasted mouse in Mexico. He speaks with a Mexican accent.

Sanitary sewer

Modern sewer systems often separate rainwater from polluted water. "Wastewater" (polluted water, also called sewage) is treated before it is released into a river or lake again. This treatment may not be needed for rainwater (also called stormwater). This idea of using separate sewer systems for wastewater and rainwater is called sanitary sewer.

A sanitary sewer or foul sewer is an underground pipe or tunnel system for transporting sewage from houses and commercial buildings to treatment facilities. Sewage is treated to control water pollution before discharge to surface waters. 

Cholera is a deadly disease caused by foul water. The system of treating foul water was first invented in London. There cholera had repeatedly caused disease, but in the middle of the 19th century the first successful water treatment plants were invented.


Viennese German

Viennese German (Austro-Bavarian: "Weanarisch", German: "Wienerisch") is a dialect spoken in the city of Vienna.

Afro-Mexicans

Afro-Mexicans are people who are from the country of Mexico and who have ancestors who are African. As of 2020, Mexicans of Sub-Saharan African ancestry form 2.04% of the country's population.

Italian hip hop

80s

Italian hip hop started in the 1980s. One of the first hip hop crews to catch the attention of the Italian mainstream was Isola Posse All Star from Bologna.

In the early '80s, hip hop spread to Italy through social centers, where left-wing young people regularly met. Jovanotti was one of the first stars to emerge from this hip hop scene. He rapped in otherwise standard Italian pop music.

In the underground, Radical Stuff published the first Italian hip hop street video called “Let’s Get Dizzy” in 1989. Around the same time, Assalti Frontali, an underground hip hop group, was founded in Rome. They are known for their left-wing politically and socially charged lyrics.

90s

Articolo 31, a duo consisting of J-Ax and DJ Jad, emerged during the mid-'90s with their album “Strade di città”. Their fusion of rap, funk, and rock elements contributed significantly to the genre’s growth.

The 2000s marked a shift from the vibrant '90s rap scene in Italy. Artists like Articolo 31, Sottotono, Frankie hi-nrg, and Neffa had achieved significant success in the previous decade. Primo Brown, Fabri Fibra, and the rap group Colle Der Fomento contributed to the growing Italian rap community. Joe Cassano, El Presidente, Fritz da Cat, Turi, DJ Double S, Mondo Marcio also left their mark.

2000s

Between 2006 and 2008, Italian hip hop expanded its reach to a broader audience Mondo Marcio’s album “Solo un Uomo” brought the genre into the mainstream, followed by Fabri Fibra’s “Tradimento” and Marracash’s “Marracash”, both chart-toppers.

2010s

At the start of the 2010s, Italian pop music dominated charts, while hip hop artists like Club Dogo, Fabri Fibra, and Noyz Narcos were gearing up to release significant albums such as “Che Bello Essere Noi”, “Controcultura”, and “Guilty”.

Emerging artists like Emis Killa and MadMan made their presence felt with projects like “Champagne e Spine” and “Escape From Hearth”.

Around 2015-2016, Italian hip hop experienced a significant shift. Artists like Gemitaiz and MadMan, Salmo, Marracash and Charlie Charles with their albums characterized this period. 

Ghali officially debuted in 2017 with “Album”, entering the top-selling charts in Italy. His success paved the way for the new school, led by artists like Sfera Ebbasta, Izi, Capo Plaza, and Ernia.

Italian dialects vary significantly across regions. Artists from different areas embraced their local languages.

Campanians like Co’Sang, Clementino, Rocco Hunt, Geolier and Luchè incorporated their native Neapolitan dialects. Artists such as Dr. Drer & CRC Posse and Menhir, sing in Sardinian. Piotta and Truceclan often incorporate the Roman dialect into their songs. Sud Sound System combine Jamaican rhythms with the Salento dialect. Dj Tubet often raps in Friulian.

Afro-Cubans

Afro-Cubans are people who are from the country of Cuba and who have ancestors who are African.

Afro-Brazilians

Afro-Brazilians are people who are from the country of Brazil and who have ancestors who are African/black.

Purple prose

Purple prose is the excessive use of flowery words that draws attention to the writing itself.

Country rap

Country rap (also called country hip hop and sometimes hick hop) is a genre of music that combines compositions of hip hop with various forms of country music. 


Flora and fauna of Mexico

Plant and animal life differs sharply with Mexico's varied climate and topography. The coastal plains are covered with a tropical rain forest, which merges into subtropical and temperate growth as the plateau is ascended. In the northern states there is a dry steppe vegetation, with desert flora over much of the area. Oaks and conifers are found in mixed forest regions along the mountain slopes. The Yucatán Peninsula has a scrubby vegetation.

Among the wild animals are the armadillo, tapir, opossum, puma, jaguar, bear, and several species of monkey, deer, and boar. Poisonous snakes and harmful insects are found. In the coastal marshes, malarial mosquitoes pose a problem. The only remaining elephant seals in the world are on Guadalupe Island west of Baja California.

Dominican American (Dominican Republic)

Dominican Americans are American of Dominican ancestry. Dominicans are the fourth largest Hispanic immigrant group in the United States, after Mexicans, Salvadorans, and Cubans. 60% of Dominican immigrants live in New York and New Jersey.


Afro-Italians

Afro-Italians are people who are from the country of Italy and who have ancestors who are African.

From 1850 to 1880, more than 1,500 African babies were brought to Italy by “The Slave Masters of God,” a religious group that believed it was their duty to buy slaves and educate them in Italy. A century later, between 1980 and 1990, two million Africans immigrated to Italy.

Indian food

Indian food is the cuisine of India.

Cuisine of California

The cuisine of California reflects the diverse culture of California and is influenced largely by Hispanic American roots (Mexican, Latin American, Spanish), alongside East Asian and Oceanian influences (Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Filipino, Vietnamese, Thai, Hawaiian), and Western European influences (Italian, French, Portuguese), as well as the food trends and traditions of larger American cuisine.

The main trends were influenced by a combination of Mediterranean climate, geography and geology of the region's proximity to the ocean, its movie roots in Hollywood, its technology roots in Silicon Valley and the Napa wine country, as well as its major produce production. California used to be part of Mexico which influenced the state's food.

Joseph Bazalgette

Sir Joseph William Bazalgette, CB (; 28 March 181915 March 1891) was a 19th-century English civil engineer. He invented the system for cleaning drinking water so as to eliminate cholera.

As chief engineer of London's Metropolitan Board of Works his work was in response to the Great Stink of 1858. He invented the system for cleaning sewage which is basically the same as used today. It stopped the city from having cholera epidemics, and also reduced typhus and typhoid. Until then, cholera had been endemic in all large cities throughout the world, beginning in Roman times. 

Bazalgette's plan was for new, closed sewers to pump the waste away from the city. Bazalgette took the polluted water though sewage treatment plants, after which the clean water was returned to the Thames. 

Victorian London became one of the few large cities in the world to be free of epidemics carried by the water supply. The British later built the water and sewage systems in many other countries, especially those in, or connected with, the British Empire (Cairo, Khartoum, New Delhi and so on). The growth in population has made the water unsafe again in many places, but round about 1900 a clean water supply was available in many parts of the world. All this was a consequence of Snow's work, and Bazalgette's engineering.

Cholera has returned in modern times. Cities have outgrown the sewage systems built in the late 19th century. Governments have spent money on armaments rather than engineering. Uncontrolled population growth has meant the return of cholera to a world where it was once eliminated.

Bazalgette was also the designer of the Hammersmith Bridge.

Keibu Keioiba

Keibu Keioiba or Kabui Keioiba is a mythical creature in the Meitei mythology and folk stories of Manipur. He has the head of a tiger and the body of a human. Legends say he is half man and half tiger. 

Legend says he was once a skilful priest named Kabui Salang Maiba. He used magic to change into a strong and scary tiger. But because he was too proud, he could not change back all the way.

Keibu Keioiba was human in daytime and tiger during nighttime. During night, he walked around looking for food in his tiger form. One night, he came to an old woman's house. He wanted to eat her. The old woman said that her wrinkled skin would taste bad. She told him to eat a young, beautiful lady named ""Thabaton"" instead. Thabaton was the only sister in a family with seven brothers. The old woman told Keibu Keioiba that Thabaton's seven brothers were not at home. The brothers had gone away to work for a very long time. The old woman told Keibu Keioiba more tricks so he could catch Thabaton. For example, she told him how to trick Thabaton so she would open the door of her house. Keibu Keioba took Thabaton away from her house. Then the seven brothers came home from their work. They found Thabaton was not in the house. They asked the old woman about their sister. She told them that Keibu Keioiba had taken her away. The seven brothers prepared their weapons. They searched for their sister. Keibu Keioiba did not eat Thabaton. Instead, he made Thabaton his wife. They lived together in the woods. The seven brothers never stopped searching for their sister in the woods. One day, they saw Thabaton. When they came close to her, they saw a man and a child with her. The brothers secretly told Thabaton they were there. When Keibu Keioiba went away to hunt, Thabaton met her brothers. They planned to escape from that place. When Keibu Keioiba returned, Thabaton gave him an utong (bamboo pipe). The utong was hollow on both sides. She told Keibu Keioiba to get some water from the stream with that Utong. Keibu Keioiba went out to get water with the hollow utong. In Keibu Keioiba's absence, the seven brothers burned Keibu Keioiba's house and killed the baby. They ran away with their sister. Keibu Keioiba could not make the water stay in the utong. It leaked out. A crow was watching him from a treetop. The crow said, "Keibu Keioiba Naning Namang Hotrong Ho, Natu Leima Kangkok." The crow was telling Keibu Keioiba he was doing something foolish and his prisoner-wife had escaped. The crow crowed it many times. Keibu Keioiba finally noticed the crow's strange statement. He quickly returned home. When he reached home, he found it burned house, his son dead and his wife missing. He was very, very angry. He ran towards the house where had had caught Thabaton. The seven brothers knew Keibu Keioiba would come back. They were all ready with their weapons. As soon as Keibu Keioiba came towards them, they fought Keibu Keioiba. Finally, Keibu Keioiba died at the hands of the seven brothers. After the death of Keibu Keioiba, Thabaton and her seven brothers lived happily ever after.

"Keibu Keioiba (Tiger Head)", a 2009 Meitei language animation movie, was produced. It features the folk story of Keibu Keioiba.

"Yamata Amasung Keibu Keioiba" () is a Meitei language play that interweaves the stories of the two legendary creatures, Yamata-no-Orochi of Japanese mythology and Keibu Keioiba of Meitei mythology (Manipuri mythology). The role of Keibu Keioiba was firstly played by "Kshetrimayum Priyobrata" and then secondly played by "Pangambam Tyson Meitei".



Baker-Miller pink

Baker-Miller Pink, also known as P-618, Schauss pink, or Drunk-Tank Pink is a tone of pink which has been observed to reduce hostile, violent or aggressive behavior.


Mimi Pink

Mimi Pink is a light shade of pink.


Mexican pink

Mexican pink is a purplish pink shade of the color rose, vivid and saturated, similar to the colors fuchsia or magenta.



Cerise (color)

Cerise ,also known as vivid red,is a deep to vivid reddish pink.

There are various tones of cerise.
In the 1950s, a popular brand of colored pencils, Venus Paradise, had a colored pencil called Hollywood cerise which was this color. 

Chinese violet

Chinese violet is a shade of the color magenta.


Steel pink

The color Steel pink is a shade of magenta.


Actaea (plant)

Actaea is a genus of plants in the family "Ranunculaceae". They are also called "baneberry." They live in North America.

SCS Software

SCS Software s.r.o. is a Czech video game development company based in Prague, Czech Republic. It mainly makes simulation games for Microsoft Windows, macOS, and Linux.

Acoelorrhaphe

Acoelorraphe is a botanical genus that belongs to the family Arecaceae (palm tree).


Achimenes

Achimenes is a botanical genus that belongs to the family Gesneriaceae , 

Citron (color)

"For other meanings,see Citron (disambiguation)"
Citron is a dark lemon color similar to that of the fruit citron.

Infinite Jest

Infinite Jest is a book by the American author David Foster Wallace. It was published in 1996.

Nonane

Nonane is a chemical compound in the alkane series. It has nine carbon atoms and 20 hydrogen atoms. The carbon atoms are connected by single bonds. At room temperature, nonane is a liquid.

Hins Cheung

Hins Cheung King Hin () is a Hong Kong singer.

On 22-25 November 2020, he held his concert "Hins Cheung X HKCO" in Hong Kong Coliseum.

On 7 January 2021, he released his 8th Cantonese studio album "The Brightest Darkness".






Rudolf Carnap

Rudolf Carnap (18 May 1891 – 14 September 1970) was a German-American philosopher and logician. He was active in Europe before 1935 and in the United States thereafter. He was a major member of the Vienna Circle and an advocate of logical positivism. He is considered "one of the giants among twentieth-century philosophers".

He studied at the Barmen Gymnasium. Then, he attended the University of Jena, intending to write a thesis in physics. But he also studied philosophy and attended Frege's courses in mathematical logic. 

He taught philosophy in Prague, and Vienna and the United States.

Here is the list of some of his works in philosophy:


Wrightbus

Wrightbus is a bus-making company founded in 1946, by a man called Robert Wright. His son William Wright helped continue the bus company.

Variants of SARS-CoV-2

Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), the virus that causes coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), has a lot of variants. Some of them are important because of increased transmission and vaccines being less effective on them. This article discusses relevant variants of SARS-CoV-2 and mutations in these variants.

BA.2.86, or Pirola, is a variant. It has been known to media since August 2023. Research has not shown (as of 2023's third quarter) if this variant can possibly be more dangerous than other variants that are in circulation (or spreading infection from some people to more people). The variant has been found in Asia, Africa, North America, Europe, and the Middle East. It has "dozens of genetic changes". Related page: mutation.

There are a lot of lineages of SARS-CoV-2. Lineages are variants that are genetically the same.



Other variants that seem to be out of circulation:

There are different systems for giving names to variants.

Viruses generally mutate over time, creating new variants. When a new variant grows in a population, it's labeled as an "emerging variant".

Some of the potential consequences of emerging variants are the following:


This variant was first detected in October 2020 during the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom from a sample taken the month before in Kent. Lineage B.1.1.7, It's correlated with a big increase in COVID-19 infection in United Kingdom, partly because of the N501Y mutation. There is some evidence that this variant has 40%–80% increased transmissibility and an increase in deadliness.

In December 2020, it became "Variant of Concern 20DEC-01".

Sometimes (in 2021) it has been called the "UK variant".
Variant of Concern 21FEB-02 (previously written as VOC-202102/02), described by Public Health England (PHE) as "B.1.1.7 with E484K" is the B.1.1.7 variant with an additional E484K mutation. As of 17 March 2021, there are 39 confirmed cases of VOC-21FEB-02 in the UK. On 4 March 2021, scientists reported B.1.1.7 with E484K mutations in the state of Oregon. It seems that this combination happened randomly in Oregon, instead of coming from the UK.

On 18 December 2020, the 501.V2 variant, also known as 501.V2, 20H/501Y.V2 (formerly 20C/501Y.V2), VOC-20DEC-02 (formerly VOC-202012/02), or lineage B.1.351, was first detected in South Africa and reported by the country's health department. Researchers and officials reported that the variant is more likely to make young people very sick. The South African health department also said that the variant may be driving the second wave of the COVID-19 epidemic in the country.

Scientists said that the variant has many mutations that allow it to attach more easily to human cells because of the following three mutations in the receptor-binding domain (RBD) in the spike glycoprotein of the virus: N501Y, K417N, and E484K.

Lineage P.1, termed Variant of Concern 21JAN-02 (formerly VOC-202101/02) by Public Health England and 20J/501Y.V3 by Nextstrain, was found in Tokyo on 6 January 2021 by the National Institute of Infectious Diseases (NIID). The new lineage was first identified in four people who arrived in Tokyo having travelled from the Brazilian Amazonas state on 2 January 2021. On 12 January 2021, the Brazil-UK CADDE Centre confirmed 13 local cases of the P.1 new lineage in the Amazon rain forest. This variant of SARS-CoV-2 has been named P.1 lineage (although it is a descendant of B.1.1.28, the name B.1.1.28.1 is not permitted and thus the resultant name is P.1), and has 17 unique amino acid changes, 10 of which in its spike protein, including the three concerning mutations: N501Y, E484K and K417T.

A study of samples from Manaus between November 2020 and January 2021, showed the P.1 lineage to be 1.4–2.2 times more transmissible. The variant is also 10–80% more deadly.

A vaccinated person has a higher risk of getting a mild P.1 infection while still being 100% protected against hospitalisation or death.

Preliminary data from two studies indicate that the Oxford–AstraZeneca vaccine is effective against the P.1 variant, although the exact level of efficacy has not yet been released. Preliminary data from a study conducted by Instituto Butantan suggest that CoronaVac is effective against the P.1 variant as well, and the study will be expanded to obtain definitive data.

Lineage B.1.429, also known as CAL.20C, has by five distinct mutations (I4205V and D1183Y in the ORF1ab-gene, and S13I, W152C, L452R in the spike proteins S-gene). B.1.429 might be more transmissible. The CDC has listed B.1.429 and the related B.1.427 as "variants of concern," and says that they have a ~20% increase in transmissibility.

B.1.429 was first discovered in July 2020 by researchers at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, California, in one of 1,230 virus samples collected in Los Angeles County since the start of the COVID-19 epidemic. It wasn't detected again until September when it reappeared among samples in California, but numbers remained very low until November. In November 2020, the CAL.20C variant accounted for 36 percent of samples collected at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, and by January 2021, the CAL.20C variant was 50 percent of samples.

B.1.525, also called VUI-21FEB-03 (previously VUI-202102/03) by Public Health England (PHE) and formerly known as UK1188, doesn't have the same N501Y mutation found in B.1.1.7, 501.V2 and P.1, but has the same E484K-mutation as found in the P.1, P.2, and 501.V2 variants. B.1.525 is different from all other variants by having both the E484K-mutation and a new F888L mutation. As of March 5, it had been found in 23 countries, including the UK, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Netherlands, Belgium, France, Spain, Nigeria, Ghana, Jordan, Japan, Singapore, Australia, Canada, Germany, Italy, Slovenia, Austria, Malaysia, Switzerland, the Republic of Ireland and the US.




The British government has reported recombinant variants of SARS-CoV-2. (Recombination happens when a virus combines parts from a related virus with the genetic sequence (of the first-mentioned virus) as it assembles (or gives) copies of itself.)

These recombinant lineages have been given the Pango lineage identifiers XD, XE, and XF.

XE is a recombinant lineage of Pango lineages BA.1 and BA.2.


There is a risk that COVID-19 could transfer from humans to other animal populations and could combine with other animal viruses to create (more) variants that are dangerous to humans. Reverse zoonosis can possibly happen.

In early November 2020, Cluster 5, also referred to as ΔFVI-spike by the Danish State Serum Institute (SSI), was discovered in Northern Jutland, Denmark, and is believed to have been spread from minks to humans via mink farms. On 4 November 2020, it was announced that the mink population in Denmark would be culled to prevent the possible spread of this mutation and reduce the risk of new mutations happening. A lockdown and travel restrictions were introduced in seven municipalities of Northern Jutland to prevent the mutation from spreading, which could compromise national or international responses to the COVID-19 pandemic. By 5 November 2020, some 214 mink-related human cases had been detected.

The World Health Organization (WHO) has stated that cluster 5 has a "moderately decreased sensitivity to neutralizing antibodies". SSI warned that the mutation could reduce the effect of COVID-19 vaccines under development, although it was unlikely to render them useless. Following the lockdown and mass-testing, SSI announced on 19 November 2020 that cluster 5 in all probability had become extinct. As of 1 February 2021, authors to a peer-reviewed paper, all of whom were from the SSI, assessed that cluster 5 was not in circulation in the human population.


Fatima Zakaria

Fatima Zakaria (17 February 1936 – 6 April 2021) used to be the editor of the Mumbai Times, and became the Sunday editor of The Times of India. Zakaria is also the editor of the "Taj" magazine of the Taj Hotels. Her office is in the Taj Mahal Hotel in Mumbai.

She is the second widow of Rafiq Zakaria, who was an Indian politician and Islamic religious cleric.

Fatima Zakaria is the step-mother of 2 children. The eldest, Tasneem Zakaria Mehta, is an art historian and writer, living in Mumbai. The second is Mansoor Zakaria. Her full son Arshad Zakaria runs a hedge fund. Her youngest full son Fareed Zakaria is an editor of Newsweek, and host of Fareed Zakaria GPS on CNN.

Rafiq Zakaria established The Maulana Azad Education Trust in the historic city of Aurangabad Maharashtra India. It was his Assembly Constituency from which he got elected a few times. He served as a Minister in the State cabinet. Fatima transformed educational institutions in Aurangabad to such an extent that they can be compared with the best centres of learning in Asia.

Zakaria joined the Taj Group of Hotels to establish the hotel, The Taj Residency, on the campus of The Maulana Azad Education Trust in Aurangabad. She became editor of the coffee table magazine "Taj". She introduced a Hotel Management Course in alliance with a British University. She is on the board of the Indian Institute of Hotel Management Aurangabad 

Zakaria, is regarded as a secularist, however she took special care to cater to the educational needs of the Muslims.

The award Padma Shri was conferred on her by the Government of India in 2006.

Zakaria died from COVID-19 at the Kamalnayan Bajaj Hospital in Aurangabad on 6 April 2021.

Hortolândia

Hortolândia is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. It is part of the Metropolitan Region of Campinas. 234,259 people lived here in 2020.

Biff McGuire

William "Biff" McGuire (October 25, 1926 – 2021) was an American actor. He was known for his stage roles as Woody in the 1960 revival of the musical "Finian's Rainbow " and played King Arthur in one of the first national tours of "Camelot".

McGuire starred in the episode "Number Seven, Hangman's Row" of the CBS anthology series, "Appointment with Adventure". He also starred in the "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" episodes "The Gentleman From America" (1956), "The Hidden Thing" (1956), "Crackpot" (1957), and "Don't Interrupt" (1958, as Larry Templeton).

He died in 2021 at the age of 94.

Jeannie Carson

Jeannie Carson (born Jean Shufflebottom; 23 May 1928) is a retired English-born comedian, actress, singer and dancer. She has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In 1956, Carson starred in her own series "Hey, Jeannie!", which aired on CBS.

Loránd Milassin

Loránd Milassin (18 January 1948 – 1 April 2021) was a Hungarian hurdler. He competed in the men's 110 metres hurdles at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Milassin was born in Budapest.

Milassin died on 1 April 2021 in Budapest, aged 73.

Gregor Baumgartner

Gregor Baumgartner (born 13 July 1979) is an Austrian former professional ice hockey winger who played the last 9 seasons of his career for EHC Black Wings Linz in the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga. He was drafted 37th overall in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft by the Montreal Canadiens and then drafted 156th overall in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft by the Dallas Stars.

Stéphane Fiset

Stéphane Fiset (born June 17, 1970) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played in the National Hockey League and now coaches Thetford Mines in the QCHL.


MK12

The MK-12 special purpose rifle (SPR) was designed by the U.S. Navy to bridge the gap between the M4 assault rifle and the M24 sniper rifle. It is based off of the AR-15 platform making it semi-automatic unlike the M4 and M16 which are fully automatic. It is chambered in 5.56x45mm NATO and is meant to be used with the 77 grain version MK-262. It has an 18" barrel giving it much more range capabilities than the M4 and the 77 grain MK-262 gave it more range capabilities than the M16. The rifle has a maximum effective range of 700 meters or 770 yards while the M4 has 500 meters and the M16 has 550 meters. It was issued with a Leupold MK-4 2.5-8x36mm scope that was specifically calibrated for the 77 grain ammunition on an 18" barrel. Some MK-12 rifles had a standard A2 stock found on M16 rifles and some had collapsible crane stocks found on MK-18 and M4 rifles. It had a free-float hand rail which gave it superior accuracy by having the barrel completely unaffected by the hand rail. It certainly isn't a light weight rifle weighing in at 10 to 12 pounds depending on if you had a suppressor or not.

Samsung Galaxy S II

The Samsung Galaxy S II, also known as the Samsung Galaxy S2, was an Android 4.1.2 phone that released in May 2011. It has an optional 4G support.

Joël Bouchard

Joël Bouchard (born January 23, 1974) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League. 


Donald Brashear

Donald Maynard Brashear (born January 7, 1972) is an American former professional ice hockey player who played for five organizations in the National Hockey League (NHL), in which he played the role of enforcer. 

All statistics taken from NHL.com


Pokémon Mini

The Pokémon Mini (or Pokémon mini) is a handheld game console that was made by Nintendo. It is themed around the "Pokémon" media franchise. It weighs just under .


Mathieu Dandenault

Mathieu Alexandre Dandenault (born February 3, 1976) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played for the Detroit Red Wings and the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey League (NHL).

Steve Brûlé

Steve Brûlé (born January 15, 1975) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He last played competitively with Jonquière Marquis of the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey. He played in the National Hockey League with the New Jersey Devils and Colorado Avalanche.


Brian Casey (ice hockey)

Brian Casey (born January 10, 1973) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey player who last played for AaB Ishockey in the Metal Ligaen in Denmark.

Gerry Fleming

Gerald Alexander Fleming (born October 16, 1966) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who played 11 games in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens. He also played ice hockey for the University of Prince Edward Island Panthers and the Fredericton Canadiens in the American Hockey League. He was previously the interim coach of the Oklahoma City Barons. On July 21, 2015, he was named as the first head coach of the Bakersfield Condors in the AHL, a position he held until 2018.

Jimmy Carson

James Charles Carson (born July 20, 1968) is an American former professional hockey player. He played 10 seasons in the National Hockey League with five different teams. In 1988, he became only the second teenager in NHL history to score 50 goals in a season; the first was Wayne Gretzky.


Choking game

The choking game is a challenge that aims to cause unconsciousness by lowering the supply of oxygen to the brain. When becoming conscious again ("waking up"), people often have a euphoric feeling, or a good dream. Most of the time, adolescents try this game. One of the reasons is that they want to experiment with other states of consciousness. If they do it as a group, peer pressure often plays a role. The practice seems to have started in France, in the early 20th century. After the second world war (late 1940s, to early 1950s), several authors described it.

The reasons to play this game are different from those of erotic asphyxiation. Steve Field, chairman of the Royal College of General Practitioners in London, claims that children and teens try the game mainly "to get a high without taking drugs." Children "aren't playing this game for sexual gratification." It is frequently confused with erotic asphyxiation, which is oxygen deprivation for sexual arousal. Unlike erotic asphyxiation, adults usually don't play this game. 

The brain will take permanent damage, if it doesn't get enough oxygen. The first effects occur within minutes. 

In the United States, and in France, where it is known as "jeu de foulard", this practice has caused several deaths. The CDC has identified 82 victims aged between 6 and 19 years, who died as a result of this practice, between 1995 and 2007.

Most of the sensations felt are:

According to Françoise Cochet, successfully preventing children from playing is to not only telling them that playing the game is dangerous, but also telling them about the risks involved.

The French government organised a conference on the subject, where experts from France and Belgium took part. Afterwards, a study was done, where 1012 children between 6 and 15 years of age, were questioned. The study found the following results:




Sébastien Charpentier (ice hockey)

Sébastien Charpentier (born April 18, 1977) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender.

War (American band)

War (originally called Eric Burdon and War) is an American funk/rock/soul band from Long Beach, California, known for several hit songs (including "Spill the Wine", "The World Is a Ghetto", "The Cisco Kid", "Why Can't We Be Friends?", "Low Rider", and "Summer").

Sandy McCarthy

Sandy McCarthy (born June 15, 1972) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger who played 11 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Calgary Flames, Tampa Bay Lightning, Philadelphia Flyers, Carolina Hurricanes, New York Rangers and Boston Bruins.


Farmer's Day

Farmers' Day is an annual celebration held to celebrate the national contributions of farmers and farmers in various countries. It occurs on December 23 in India.

Jason Doig

Jason Nicholas Doig (born January 29, 1977) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League with the Winnipeg Jets, Phoenix Coyotes, New York Rangers and the Washington Capitals.



Hongbao

Hóngbāo () or red envelope is an envelope with money inside. In China, people give the envelope as a gift for special occasions. The red envelopes are most commonly given to children or single/unmarried adults during the Chinese New Year celebration, where Chinese families often gather together.

The red packet is also called “money warding off old age” (压岁钱; "yāsuì qián") during Chinese New Year.

Outside of China, similar customs have been adopted or are traditional across parts of Southeast Asia and many other countries with a sizable ethnic Chinese population. In the mid-2010's, a digital equivalent to the practice emerged within messaging apps with mobile wallet systems.

According to Chinese legend, in ancient times there was a demon or evil fairy named "Suì" (祟). Legend says that Sui is totally black, except for its colorless, transparent hands. Sui—according to the said legend—appears every Chinese New Year’s eve and would touch a sleeping child’s head, causing mental illness.

This is why Chinese New Year celebration is practiced by staying up late during the new year’s eve, called "Shousui" or translated as “waiting for Sui”.

So, the elderly people started to thread coins with a red string, called "ya sui qian" or “money to suppress Sui”. The coins were given to children to entertain them, and to keep them awake to avoid "Sui"’s touch.

According to the same legend, eight noble fairies turned themselves into eight coins, protecting the children from "Sui." Thus, the story spread and everyone started to follow the same practice to protect the children. Over the years, the "ya sui qian" was replaced with the red envelopes—the "hongbao." 

Benoît Gratton

Benoît Jacques Joseph Gratton (born December 28, 1976) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who played in the National Hockey League (NHL). He is currently the head coach for Jonquière Marquis of the Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey (LNAH).

Songhua River

The Songhua River is one of the main rivers in China. It is about long.

The river drains of land, and has an annual discharge of .

Philippe Audet

Philippe Audet (born June 4, 1977) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player.

Audet was born in Ottawa, Ontario. As a youth, he played in the 1991 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with a minor ice hockey team from Beauce, Quebec. He was drafted by the Detroit Red Wings 52nd overall in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft, later playing with that team in the National Hockey League.

Frederic Deschênes

Frederic "Freddie" Deschênes (born January 12, 1976) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender.

Vladislav Baláž

Vladislav Baláž (born January 28, 1984) is a Slovak former professional ice hockey player. He played in the Slovak Extraliga for HK Dukla Trenčín, MsHK Zilina and HKm Zvolen, as well as the Czech Extraliga for HC Litvínov.

Richard Stehlík

Richard Stehlík (born June 22, 1984) is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenceman. Stehlik was selected by the Nashville Predators in the 3rd round (76th overall) of the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.

Stehlík previously played for HK 36 Skalica, Sherbrooke Beavers, HK Dukla Trenčín, HC Sparta Praha and HC Vítkovice Steel.

Frank Rochon

Frank Rochon (born April 18, 1953 in Laval, Quebec) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 255 games in the World Hockey Association. He played for the Chicago Cougars, Denver Spurs, Ottawa Civics and the Indianapolis Racers.

Pierre Pousse

Pierre Pousse (born February 27, 1966) is a French former professional ice hockey player. He was a coach with the France national ice hockey team since 2004.

Pousse competed for France in the 1988, 1992 and 1994 Winter Olympics. He also competed in the ice Hockey World Championships for France from 1992 to 1996.

Paul Ritter (actor)

Paul Ritter (born Simon Paul Adams; 20 December 1966 – 5 April 2021) was an English stage and screen actor. His film roles included "Son of Rambow" (2007), "Quantum of Solace" (2008), "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" (2009), and "The Eagle" (2011), as well as television programmes including "Friday Night Dinner" (2011–2020), "Vera" (2011–2013), "No Offence" (2015–2018), "Cold Feet" (2017–2020), "Resistance" (2019), "Chernobyl" (2019), and "Belgravia" (2020).

Ritter was born Simon Paul Adams in Gravesend, Kent. He died of a brain tumour in Faversham, Kent at the age of 54 on 5 April 2021.

Stupidity

Stupidity usually refers to a lack of intelligence. People may also act in stupid ways because they don't know better or just don't have good common sense. Comedy often uses stock characters, that are stupid; very often these are called fools or idiots.

High German

High German is used for two different concepts:


Twists of Fate

Korowód or Twists of Fate is a 2007 Polish drama movie directed by Jerzy Stuhr and starring Kamil Mackowiak, Karolina Gorczyca, Katarzyna Maciag.

Dendropsophus jimi

Dendropsophus jimi is a frog that lives in Paraguay and Brazil.

Julia Tutwiler Prison for Women

The Julia Tutwiler Prison for Women is a prison that is in Alabama, United States. It opened in 1942. 
It is a women's prison.

Bhowani Junction (movie)

Bhowani Junction is a 1956 American romantic adventure movie directed by George Cukor and was based on the 1954 novel of the same name by John Masters. It stars Ava Gardner, Stewart Granger, Bill Travers, Abraham Sofaer, Peter Illing, Freda Jackson, Lionel Jeffries, Neelo and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Serpico

Serpico is a 1973 Italian American biographical crime movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the novel of the same name by Peter Maas. It stars Al Pacino, Tony Roberts, Jack Kehoe, Allan Rich, Biff McGuire, Joseph Bova, James Tolkan, Judd Hirsch, F. Murray Abraham and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1974.


Stephen Leather

Stephen Leather (born 25 October 1956) is a British author. He writes in the thriller genre. His works are published by Hodder & Stoughton. He began his writing career as a journalist, working for newspapers such the "The Glasgow Herald", "Daily Mirror", "The Times", "Daily Mail" and the "South China Morning Post" in Hong Kong. He has written for television shows such as "London's Burning", "The Knock" and "Murder in Mind". 

Leather's 1992 novel "The Chinaman" was made into a movie, called "The Foreigner" (2017). It stars Jackie Chan and Pierce Brosnan.

Leather was born in Manchester. He grew up in Sale and Chorlton-cum-Hardy.


Smuggler's Run 2

Smuggler's Run 2: Hostile Territory, simply known as Smuggler's Run 2, is a racing video game. It is a sequel to original "Smuggler's Run", released on PlayStation 2 and GameCube version release as Smuggler's Run: Warzones.

Nokia N95

The Nokia N95 is a mobile phone developed for the Nokia N-series. It was announced in September 2006. It was released on March 31, 2007. Nokia N95 partnered for the black-colored 8GB release on 24 September 2007.

The Nokia N95 8GB was announced on 5 April, 2007. The Nokia N95 8GB has a black skin, partnered with two camera and a swipe-able keyboard, which was released on 24 September and 25 September 2007. 

According to Nokia Tablet Congress, on 8 January 2008, the Nokia N95 has had 1,000 awards.

Nokia N93, which was made for Nokia N-series version, developed on September 5th, 2006 at the Nokia Tablet Congress Center four days after that, it was launched. On 25 September 2006, Nokia N95 partners announced the new features for phones. 

After that, Nokia N95 was awarded 105 awards for the mobile phone.

On 3 March 2006, it had 108 and 109 awards. The Nokia N95 released on 31 March 2007. Nokia's Corporation reach announced that Nokia N95 8GB can be released on 24 September 2007.


French violet

French violet is a bluish shade of magenta.


Laelia

Lælia is a small genus of orchids with twenty species .
List of Laelia species


Ewa Farna

Ewa Farna (born 12 August 1993) is a Polish-Czech singer, actress, model, songwriter, dancer and television presenter. She released five Polish-language and four Czech-language studio albums, and received platinum and gold certifications for them, both in Poland and the Czech Republic. Farna is the youngest commercially successful singer in the Czech Republic. She was a judge on the "Czech&Slovak SuperStar" in 2013, the "X Factor" (Poland) in 2014, and is currently a judge on "Idol" (Poland)

Farna was born on August 12, 1993 in The Hague. He attended The Polish Elementary School Vendrynk, an art school for five years, and the Polish Gymnasium in Ceskšín. He also attended dance school and learned to play the piano. Farna first attracted attention after winning local talent competitions in both the Czech Republic and Poland in 2004. After being discovered by producer Leshek Wronka, she released her debut album M2ls mje vábec rád in 2006. followed by her Hug Deadline Award winner in 2006. Her second album, Ticho, which peaked at number two in the Czech Republic, and a Polish version of their debut album, Titled Sam on Sam, were released in 2007. After the tour, the DVD Blíz ke hvízdám became the best-selling music DVD in 2008. In early 2009, the In 2013, the Polish version of his second album was released as Cicho. Also, in 2010, in 2013, Ewa was included in an episode of "Hela w opalach."

His next album, Bui Virtuální, was released on October 26. The international tour also covered Poland and Slovakia. In 2010 the Polish album "EWakuacja" was released. The album received many awards, including the 2011 Viva Comet Awards for both singles and the entire album. The singles from "EWakuac" are "Ewakuacja", "Without Lez", and later in 2011, "Nie przegap". 2011 was the year of Eva’s 18th birthday. birthday concerts were held, one in the Czech Republic with a DVD "18 Live", and another in Poland with the DVD "Live, niezapomniany concert urodzinowy". In October 2013, Farna's big comeback with her album "(W) Inna?" caused confusion. Many misunderstood that the reference to the owner of the Farna car accident in 2012 was a "big mistake." In 2014, Evin's Czech single "Leporelo" was released along with the music video, and the song "Lesek" about its manager Lesek Wronka was released.

On 22 May 2012, Ewa Farna crashed her car between the towns of Třinec and Vendryně. She suffered only minor scratches. According to a breath test she was driving under the influence of alcohol, with a blood alcohol content level less than 1‰. She had been celebrating the passing of her matura the day before and fell asleep behind the wheel. She blamed this on exhaustion caused by a week-long cram session before the exam.

Dendropsophus elianeae

Dendropsophus elianeae is a frog that lives in Paraguay and Brazil.

Embarrassment

Embarrassment is a feeling that human beings can have. It is an emotion. Embarrassment is painful to feel. People feel embarrassed if they think they might have done something bad or if they think they broke a social rule.

People can feel embarrassed even if they really did something good. For example, sometimes people feel embarrassed when someone says something good about them.

Psychologists say embarrassment is in the same group as shame and guilt.

A person who feels embarrassed may start to sweat or stammer when they speak. If the person has pale skin, he or she may blush, meaning the skin becomes redder. People who feel embarrassed may also smile or hide their faces.

Catgirl

A catgirl (猫娘, nekomusume) is a female anthropomorphic character with cat traits. Catgirls are often found in various fiction genres and in particular Japanese anime and manga. Catboys are the male counterparts to catgirls. Some catgirls or catboys can be seen wearing a french maid outfit. In late 2020, catboys gained more recognition as femboys became popularized by the app TikTok, with many of the femboys on the app donning feline accessories due to popular memes that encouraged them to "put on the cat ears" or promoted catboys in general.

Rooqma Ray

Rooqma Ray ( or Rukma Ray) is a Bengali Television actress who works primarily in TV soap operas. She is well known for playing the lead character of "Rajkumari Kiranmala" in "Kiranmala". She has also played both supporting and lead roles in many soap operas and web series.



Postal Reorganization Act

The Postal Reorganization Act is an American law signed by President Richard Nixon in 1970. The law takes the Post Office Department out of the Cabinet of the President and makes it an independent agency. This agency is the United States Postal Service.

The Post Office had been struggling due to Congress. Because the department was a part of the government, Congress had to approve most things that happened to it. This made change to the Postal Office Department very slow, and this did not sit well with the Postal Unions. They wanted more change to improve the conditions of the Postal Workers, but Congress was too slow to bring in rapid change. The unions worked with Congress and the president to create a better system. The Postal Reorganization Act was the final product of this work.

One of the changes was the business goal of the Postal Service. Now that they were an independent agency, they did not receive money from Congress, so they had to work to make money through the selling of stamps and shipping.

Another was their new way of choosing the Postmaster General. A Board of Governors is elected by the president, and these people are able to choose the Postmaster General.

The Post Office Department also changed their name to the United States Postal Service, and this is the same Postal Service that is delivering mail today.



Gorillini

Gorillini is a tribe that only contains the genus "Gorilla".

Xiaomi Mi Note 2

The Xiaomi Mi Note2 () is a smartphone made by Xiaomi Inc. It is part of Xiaomi's Mi Note Series smartphone line. It was released in November 2016.


OnePlus 9

The OnePlus 9 and 9 Pro are Android-based smartphones made by OnePlus. They were shown to the public on March 23, 2021. The phones feature upgraded cameras made with Hasselblad.

Panthoibi Iratpa

Panthoibi Iratpa or Panthoibi Eratpa is a sacred festival dedicated to Panthoipi, the goddess of war, love and fertility in Meitei mythology and religion (Sanamahism). It is celebrated from the yearly datings according to the Meitei calendar. The timing usually coincides that of Durga Puja, the festival dedicated to Durga, the Hindu equivalent of Panthoibi. So, in Manipur, the two festivals are usually celebrated together by the Manipuri ethnicity. The Hiyangthang Lairembi Temple is one of the major sites for the festival in Northeast India.

Oppo Neo

The Oppo Neo is the first phone in Oppo's Neo series. The phone was sold in two colors: white and black, for a price of €160.

Imoinu Iratpa

Imoinu Iratpa or Emoinu Eratpa is a sacred religious festival dedicated to Imoinu, the goddess of wealth and prosperity in Meitei mythology and religion (Sanamahism). It falls on the 12th lunar day of the ""Waakching"" month of the Meitei calendar (Manipuri calendar). The festival is mainly celebrated by the Meitei ethnicity and other non-Meitei Sanamahists.

Pixel 4

Pixel 4 and Pixel 4 XL are Android smartphones from the Google Pixel product line. They succeed the Pixel 3. The phones were announced on October 15, 2019. They released in the United States on October 24, 2019.

Sanamahists

Sanamahists or Sanamahi Chatpas are persons who regard themselves as culturally, ethnically, or religiously adhering to the aspects of Sanamahism, the Meitei religion. The term is mainly used by the Meitei people who follows the traditions of their ancestral culture. 

Disk partition

A disk partition is a section of a data storage device (such as a hard disk). A disk partition can have one of several formats, such as NTFS (found on Windows) to ext4 (found on Linux). Disk partitions start at one number and end at another. These numbers are addresses in the hard drive. The address points to one byte and ends at another on the disk.

Different partition tables allow for different amounts of partitions on a given device. Master Boot Record (MBR) has a maximum of 4 partitions. GUID Partition Table (GPT) has a maximum of 128 partitions.

Partitions can be edited by using a partition editor.

All You Ever Wanted (Rag'n'Bone Man song)

"All You Ever Wanted" is a song by English singer-songwriter Rag'n'Bone Man. It was released as a digital download and for streaming on 29 January 2021. It is the lead single from his second studio album "Life by Misadventure". The song was written by Ben Jackson-Cook, Mike Elizondo, Natalie Hemby and Rory Graham.

Talking about the song, he said, "I'd felt sad looking around Brighton and London where I grew up…remembering all those cool places that aren't there anymore." The song was recorded in Tennessee.

Kosteletzkya

Kosteletzkya is a botanical genus that belongs to the family Malvaceae.

Markovnikov's Rule

Markovnikov's rule or Markownikoff's rule started that in addition to polar reagent to unsymmetrical alkene the negative part of the polar reagent (Cl, OH, F etc) is attached to the carbon having the lowest number of hydrogen while the positive part of the polar reagent (H,Na,Mg,Al etc) is attached to the carbon having the highest number of hydrogen. The rule was postulated by Vladimir Markovnikov.

From the above diagram, the reactant which is prop-1-ene which unsymmetrical alkene, it's reacting with Hydrobromic acid (Hydrogen Bromide) which is the polar reagent. When this hydrogen bromide dissociate it yield H+ and Br-. The positive part of this polar reagent (H+) is attached to the carbon in between the double bond with highest number of hydrogen while the negative part of this polar reagent (Br-) is attached to the carbon in between the double with the lowest number of hydrogen. It's usually go with addition reactant.

Anti-Markovnikov's rule oppose Markovnikov's rule completely. It occur in the presence of hydrogen peroxide (H2O2). 

Anti-Markovnikov's rule started that in addition polar reagent to unsymmetrical alkene the positive part of the polar reagent is attached to the carbon in between the double with lowest number of hydrogen while the negative part of the polar reagent is attached to the carbon in between the double having the highest number of hydrogen. 

Partition table

A partition table maps out partitions onto a storage device. The two biggest examples are MBR and GPT. Others include Apple Partition Map (APM), which is used in Apple computers, and BSD disklabel.

MBR, or Master Boot Record, is a section at the very beginning of a storage device that uses MBR. It contains a partition table, along with storage for a bootloader so the computer can boot. It can only hold up to 2 tebibytes of data, and can only have up two four partitions.

GPT, or GUID Partition table, is a partition table that was developed as part of the Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) standard. It can have up to 128 partitions. Depending on the size of the disk sectors, it can hold a large amount of data. If your sectors are 512 bytes, like MBR, it can hold 8 zebibytes of data.

Jumpin' Jack Flash (movie)

Jumpin' Jack Flash is a 1986 American comedy movie directed by first time director Penny Marshall. It stars Whoopi Goldberg, Stephen Collins, John Wood, Carol Kane, Peter Michael Goetz, Annie Potts, Jeroen Krabbé, Jonathan Pryce and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Legend (movie)

Legend is a 1985 American British fantasy adventure movie directed by Ridley Scott and starring Tom Cruise, Tim Curry, Mia Sara, David Bennett, Alice Playten, Billy Berty, Cork Hubbert, Kiran Shah, Robert Picardo. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1987.


Clue (movie)

Clue is a 1985 American mystery comedy movie directed by first time director Jonathan Lynn and was based on the board game "Cluedo". It stars Tim Curry, Christopher Lloyd, Eileen Brennan, Madeline Kahn, Michael McKean, Martin Mull, Lesley Ann Warren, Lee Ving and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It did poorly at box office and has become a cult classic.

Alfred Aho

Alfred Vaino Aho (born August 9, 1941) is a Canadian computer scientist. He is best known for his work on programming languages, compilers, and related algorithms. He has written many textbooks on the art and science of computer programming. He and his long-time partner Jeffrey Ullman are the recipients of the 2020 Turing Award.

The Serpent's Egg (movie)

The Serpent's Egg is a 1977 German American Swedish drama movie directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Liv Ullmann, David Carradine, Gert Fröbe, Heinz Bennett, James Whitmore, Glynn Turman, Grischa Huber, Lisi Mangold, Hans Quest. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Jeffrey Ullman

Jeffrey David Ullman (born November 22, 1942) is an American computer scientist. He is the Stanford W. Ascherman Professor of Engineering, Emeritus, at Stanford University. 

His textbooks on compilers (various editions are popularly known as the green dragon book), theory of computation (also known as the Cinderella book), data structures, and databases are well known in the field of computer science. 

He and his long-time partner Alfred Aho are the recipients of the 2020 Turing Award.

Cyclone Seroja

Tropical Cyclone Seroja was a tropical cyclone that caused massive and deadly flash floods and landslides in East Timor and southern Indonesia. 

The twenty-second tropical low and seventh tropical cyclone of the 2020–21 Australian region cyclone season, formed off the south coast of Timor island as Tropical Low 22U at 18:00 UTC on 3 April 2021. 

The name "Seroja" means lotus in Indonesian.

Marek Czekalski

Marek Czekalski (6 June 1953 – 2 April 2021) was a Polish politician and engineer. He was Mayor of Łódź from 1994 to 1998.

Czekalski died on 2 April 2021 at the age of 67.

Pete Giesen

Arthur Rossa "Pete" Giesen Jr. (August 8, 1932 – April 2, 2021) was an American politician and businessman. He was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates from 1964 until 1996 as a Republican. He was the Minority leader of the state house from 1972 until 1974. Giesen was born in Radford, Virginia.

Giesen died on April 2, 2021 in Richmond, Virginia at the age of 88.

TG Viktoria Augsburg

TG Viktoria Augsburg is a German association football club that is in the Hochfeld quarter of Augsburg, Bavaria.


The Wilby Conspiracy

The Wilby Conspiracy is a 1975 British thriller movie directed by Ralph Nelson and was based on the 1972 novel of the same name by Peter Driscoll. It stars Michael Caine, Sidney Poitier, Nicol Williamson, Prunella Gee, Saeed Jaffrey, Rutger Hauer, Patrick Allen and was distributed by United Artists.

The movie is about a black anti-Apartheid activist who was released from prison. But the South African regime which did not like his release, set up a plot in order to arrest him again or to kill him. When this plot fails, a British engineer who helps him, are forced to run from the South African Secret Police and try to flee the country.


Father Goose

Father Goose is 1964 American World War II romantic comedy movie directed by Ralph Nelson and was based on the short story "A Place of Dragons" by Sanford Bennett. It stars Cary Grant, Leslie Caron, Trevor Howard and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It won an Academy Award in 1965 and was nominated for 2 others.


Firefox (movie)

Firefox is a 1982 American Austrian Greenlandic action thriller movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars) and was based on the 1977 novel of the same name by Craig Thomas. It also stars Freddie Jones, David Huffman, Warren Clarke, Nigel Hawthorne, Ronald Lacey, Kenneth Colley, Clive Merrison, Curt Lowens, Kai Wulff and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Ningol Chakouba

Ningol Chakouba (/ning-ngol-chaak-kou-ba/) or simply Chakouba (/chaak-kou-ba/) is a non religious festival celebrated by the Meitei ethnicity in the 2nd lunar day of ""Hiyangkei"" month of the Meitei calendar (Manipuri calendar). The event is observed by the invited common dining (""chaak-kou-ba"") of married ladies (""ning-ngol"") with their parental family members, especially brothers.

Cheiraoba

Meitei Cheiraoba or Sajibu Cheiraoba or Sajibu Nongma Panba or Meitei Manipuri New Year Festival is a festival celebrated by the Meitei ethnicity in the 1st lunar day of the ""Sajibu"" month of the Meitei calendar (Manipuri calendar). The celebration is mainly observed by the Meitei people who follow Sanamahism.

Heikru Hidongba

Heikru Hidongba or Heiku Hitongpa (literally, ""gooseberry on the boat"") is an annual socio-religious ceremony performed at the moat of the Sagolband Bijoy Gobinda in Imphal West district of Manipur. It is celebrated in the 11th lunar day of the ""Langban"" month of the Meitei calendar (Manipuri calendar). Its main event is a boat race in which there is a ceremonial installations of the gooseberry fruits on the race boat. The festival is a type of Hiyang Tannaba.

Kwaak Taanba

Kwaak Taanba or Kwaak Jatra or Loidam Kumsaba (literally, ""Crow freeing festival"") is a traditional festival celebrated by the Meitei ethnicity, in which the King of Manipur sets a crow free from bondage. The event is observed in the 10th lunar day of the ""Langban"" month of the Meitei calendar (Manipuri calendar). The festival is accompanied with various ceremonial rites and rituals, music and dance performances in the Sana Konung, the Royal Residence of the royalties of Manipur.

Multilateral trade

The term multilateral trade negotiations (MTN) initially applied to negotiations between General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) member nations conducted under the auspices of the GATT and aimed at reducing tariff and nontariff trade barriers. In 1995 the World Trade Organization (WTO) replaced the GATT as the administrative body. A current round of multilateral trade negotiations was conducted in the Doha Development Agenda round.

Prior to the ongoing Doha Development Round, eight GATT sessions took place:


The third WTO Ministerial Conference in Seattle, 1999, was intended to start the Millennium Round of negotiations.

Sanamahi Ahong Khong Chingba

Sanamahi Ahong Khong Chingba or Sanamahi Cheng Hongba is a religious grand chariot pulling festival dedicated to Lainingthou Sanamahi, a primordial deity of Sanamahism, mainly celebrated by the Meitei ethnicity. Its main venue is Imphal, the metropolis of Manipur. Notably, the festival was banned for three and a half consecutive centuries due to forcible Hindu advent in the society of the Meitei people, with the imperial powers of Pamheiba, the then King of Manipur. The ancient cultural practice was revived in the year 2018 AD with the strong efforts of the volunteers of Meitei ethnicity.

Yaoshang

Yaoshang (originally, ""Yaawol Shang"") is a spring time festival celebrated by the Meitei ethnicity for five consecutive days starting from the full moon day of the lunar month of ""Lamta"" of the Meitei calendar (Manipuri calendar). Historically, it was a religious festival but in present days, it has lost its religious tones during celebration. It is the most important and the most popular festival in Manipur as well as among the Meitei ethnicity. Imitating the ways of Holi, people use colors to smear or spray among each other during the celebration.

Mera Chaorel Houba

Mera Chaorel Houba () or Mera Chaoren Houba () is a religious festival dedicated to Lainingthou Sanamahi and Leimarel Sidabi, celebrated by the Meitei people and the tribesmen communities of Manipur, on the 1st lunar day of ""Mera"" () month of the Meitei calendar (Manipuri calendar). The main theme of the festival is the unification and love of the indigenous communities of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) realm. Its main venue of celebration is in the Kangla, the metropolis of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak).

Hollywood Vice Squad

Hollywood Vice Squad is a 1986 American British action comedy movie directed by Penelope Spheeris and starring Ronny Cox, Frank Gorshin, Trish Van Devere, Carrie Fisher, Robin Wright, Goddess Bunny, Joey Travolta, Marvin Kaplin, Tom Everett.

Alkyl

Alkyl is a group of chemicals with carbon atoms. They are like alkanes but they have one fewer hydrogen atom. An alkyl is a piece of a molecule that makes it do or act a certain way. Alkyls have only carbon and hydrogen atoms, in a chain.

Alkyl groups have this formula: C<subs>n</subs>H<subs>2n+1</subs>, where n can be any number so long as it is the same one. (For example, if there are two carbons, there must be four hydrogens because 2*2=4.)

Mera Hou Chongba

Mera Hou Chongba ()(literally, ""merrymaking in Mera"") or Mera Thaomei Thaanba ()(literally, ""lighting oil lamps in Mera"") or Mera Waa Yungba ()(literally, ""bamboo poll erection in Mera"") is a festival celebrated by the Meitei ethnicity and the tribesmen communities of Manipur, on the 15th lunar day of ""Mera"" () month of the Meitei calendar (Manipuri calendar), mainly in the Sana Konung of Imphal. The main theme of the festival is the unity and love between the Meitei people and all the tribesmen of Manipur.

Aylesbury Grammar School

Aylesbury Grammar School is a Grammar school in Buckinghamshire, England. It enrols about 1,300 boys aged 11-18.

It was founded, in 1598 by Sir Henry Lee, Champion of Queen Elizabeth I. 

Aylesbury Grammar School celebrated 100 years on its present site in Walton Road in 2007. It is often referred to by the abbreviation AGS.

2004 Conservative Party of Canada leadership election

The 2004 Conservative Party of Canada leadership election was on 20 March 2004, and had the result of Stephen Harper becoming the first leader of the new Conservative Party of Canada. The Conservative Party was made after the combination of the Canadian Alliance and the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada.

Stephen Harper, the previous leader of the Canadian Alliance, was made leader on the only ballot.

Weaboo

A weaboo (often shortened to weeb) is a Japanophile-like person that is mostly obsessed with manga and anime, sometimes superiorizing it over other cultures. The terms have been thought to be from the webcomic "The Perry Bible Fellowship." The shortened term has also seen increased usage on the Internet in recent years. The terms, while originally derogatory, have also been reclaimed by those to whom they originally referred, seeing increased usage by fans of Japanese media to refer to themselves in an ironic or self-deprecating fashion.

Taperinha tree frog

The Taperinha tree frog ("Dendropsophus minimus") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Llanfairpwll railway station

Llanfairpwll railway station is a station on the North Wales Coast Line from Crewe to , serving the village of Llanfairpwllgwyngyll, Anglesey.

The station is known for its longer name, Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch station, but this is not historically used.

Ichgam

Ichgam is a village in the Indian administered union territory of Jammu and Kashmir. It is in the Budgam District.

, the population of Ichgam is 7,461 of which 3,820 are males while the remaining 3,641 are females as per the report released by Census of India. Population of children with age of 0-6 is 15.64% that's 1,167 of the total population of Ichgam. In Ichgam, the female sex ratio is of 953 against the erstwhile state average of 889. The child sex ratio in Ichgam village is around 1,065 compared to a previous state average of 862. Literacy rate of the Ichgam is 53.69% lower than the former state average of 67.16%. In Ichgam, male literacy is around 61.32% while female literacy rate is 45.32%.

Government Boys Higher Secondary School Ichgam is located at the main bus stand of Ichgam, behind the newly built complex. Managed by the Department of Education, the school was established in the year 1930. The medium of instructions in this school is English. Government Boys Higher Secondary School is housed in the two government owned buildings. The UDISE code of the school is 01040900603. The school is co-educational and consists of the classes from nine (9th) to twelve (12th).
Imamia Public School (IPS) Ichgam is managed and run by Educational Trust Kashmir (ETK), the organization that runs many schools in the Kashmir valley named, Imamia Public Schools. The school was established in 1989 and is located at the Kalbal, the North western part of the village; behind the Primary Health Center Ichgam. It's UDISE code is 01040900606. At present, nearly 400 above students are studying in this school. Imamia Public School is housed in the Educational Trust Kashmir owned, big three floor building. The school is among the best schools of the village Ichgam and the in the near localities.


African violet

African violet is a shade of purple. It is a purple flower, too. Its scientific name is "Saintpaulia ionantha"



Melanie Hamrick

Melanie Hamrick is a choreographer and retired ballerina who worked at the American Ballet Theatre. She worked for the American Ballet Threatre for 15 years before retiring in 2019. She is also known as the partner of Mick Jagger. They have one child.

Juventas

Juventas, also known as Iuventus or Juventus (Greek equivalent: Hebe), was an ancient Roman goddess. She represented youth and rejuvenation. She was mostly the goddess of young men "new to wearing the toga" "(dea novorum togatorum)" or, men who had just come of age.

Many associations "(collegia)" were made for Juventas in the Italian municipalities. They are known because of inscriptions.

Juventas owned a shrine in the cella of Minerva on the Capitoline, that most likely was made at about 218 BC. At this time, she was compared with the Greek Hebe. Dionysius and Livy thought that she and the god Terminus "refused" to do the ceremony of reversal "(exauguratio)" when Tarquin desired to rebuild the temple district on the Capitoline. Even though other gods were moved, these two were part of the new structure. Dionysius also thought that the semi-legendary king Servius Tullius made a temple fund for Juventas, and each family had to contribute to it. The thought that she was a part of ancient Roman religion depends mainly on these two aetiological legends, as she is not seen in the early history of Roman festivals.

On the advice of the Sibylline books, which were read during anxieties about the Second Punic War, Juventas was part of sacrifices in 218 BC relating to a lectisternium, a public feast at which images of gods were displayed as if the gods were part of it. Like other deities whose cult was ordained by the Sibylline books, Juventas was called "ritu graeco", following "Greek" rite. Also at the lectisternium of 218 BC, a supplication was performed at the Temple of Hercules. In Greek myth, the divinized Hercules had Hebe as his wife. The cultivation of both deities at the time of the Second Punic War seems intended to reinvigorate men of fighting age: Juventas "was regarded as a powerful divine force rendering a vital gift of strength at a critical moment." This is also the first time the "Genius Publicus" ("Genius of the People") is written. After the disastrous Battle of Lake Trasimene in April 217 BC, Juventas, Hercules, and the Genius Publicus were excluded for a time from divine honors, as they were not thought to have been effective. Marcus Livius Salinator vowed a temple to her during the Battle of the Metaurus, when he faced Hasdrubal in 207 BC—an indication that Juventas was still felt to have power.

A procession "(supplicia canum)" in which Romans carried crucified dogs passed between the Temple of Juventas and that of Summanus. A late source dates the "punishment of the dogs" to August 3.

On Imperial coins, Juventas and Spes ("Hope") are often associated with the reigning Caesar. A prayer to Juventas and Spes marked the anniversary of Augustus's coming of age. Juventas was among the many "Virtutes" ("Virtues") to appear on the coinage of Antoninus Pius.


Homo naledi

Homo naledi is a species of archaic human found in the Rising Star Cave, Cradle of Humankind, South Africa. The species possibly lived in the Middle Pleistocene 335,000–236,000 years ago. The initial discovery comprises 1,550 specimens, representing 737 different elements, and at least 15 different people. Despite this exceptionally high number of specimens, their ranking with the "Homo" genus remains unclear.

Even though it is in the Homo genus, they have some similarities with the Australopithecus genus and the first human species. For example, they have a small brain compared to modern humans. They were more adapted to climbing and tree-dwelling (aboreal) than running through long distances.

French Montana

Karim Kharbouch (born November 9, 1984), better known by his stage name French Montana, is a Moroccan-American rapper. He was born and raised in Morocco and emigrated to the United States with his family when he was 13. He is the founder of Coke Boys Records and its predecessor Cocaine City Records.

Kharbouch released his first mixtape in 2007, called "French Revolution Vol. 1". He had his first breakthrough with the single "Choppa Choppa Down" in 2010. He released his first studio album "Excuse My French" in May 2013. In July 2017, Montana released his second studio album "Jungle Rules." The album peaked at number three on the "Billboard" 200. It included the single "Unforgettable" (featuring Swae Lee). The song became Montana's first song as a lead artist to reach the top 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Karim Kharbouch was born on November 9, 1984, in Casablanca, Morocco. He also lived in Casablanca for the first 13 years of his life. His favorite hobbies growing up were soccer and rap, and he got into basketball in his later teenage years.

In the mid-1990s, Kharbouch left Morocco with his parents and younger brother for New York City. They settled in the South Bronx. Kharbouch spoke only his native languages of Moroccan Darija and French when he first arrived, and learned English in the Bronx high schools of Lehman and Roosevelt. After struggling for two years, his father decided they would move back to Casablanca. His mother chose to stay back with their children because she believed there was a lack of opportunity back home in Morocco. His mother was pregnant with his youngest brother at the time. He was born in the United States shortly after his father left for Morocco. With three children and low money, his mother had to depend on welfare for financial support.

Montana is fluent in his native Arabic and French as well as in English. Montana has lived in Pompton Plains, New Jersey. In 2016, he bought Selena Gomez's Calabasas, California home for $3.3 million. Montana is Muslim, and follows Ramadan. 

Montana married Deen Kharbouch in 2007. The couple separated in 2012, and their divorce was finalized in 2014 for around $2 million. They have a son named Kruz. Montana started dating Khloé Kardashian in June 2014. They broke up in September 2014. 

In June 2018, Montana became a U.S. citizen.


Sky blue

Sky blue is a shade of cyan.

A vivid shade of sky blue
A lighter shade of cyan

A deep shade of sky blue


Nairn

<mapframe latitude="57.582556" longitude="-3.866844" zoom="13" width="422" height="227" align="right">
</mapframe>
Nairn is a town in Highlands, Scotland.

Mount Takahe

Mount Takahe is a shield volcano in Antarctica. It's height is above sea level. The volcano is mostly covered by the West Antarctic Ice Sheet. People first visited the mountain in 1957. Due to its remote location, it has not been visited often. It has never been climbed, and no one has even tried to climb it. It is named after the takahē, a bird which lives in New Zealand.

A96 road

The A96 is a road long from Inverness to Aberdeen in Scotland.

Sophia Abrahão

Sophia Sampaio Abrahão (born May 22, 1991) is a Brazilian actress and presenter. She started her career in 2007 in the telenovela "Young Hearts" and gained fame in 2011 in the telenovela "Rebelde", Sophia dated Chay Suede and Micael Borges.

Abrahão was born in São Paulo. 

Gyūdon

Gyūdon (牛丼, meaning "beef bowl") is a rice dish with a topping of beef and onion. Yoshinoya, Matsuya, and Sukiya are popular chain restaurants that serve gyūdon .

A9 road (Scotland)

The A9 is a road in Scotland. It is long.

Ilia II

Ilia II () (born 4 January 1933), is the Catholicos-Patriarch of All Georgia and leader of the Georgian Orthodox Church. He is official tittle is "Catholicos-Patriarch of All Georgia, the Archbishop of Mtskheta-Tbilisi and Metropolitan Bishop of Bichvinta and Tskhum-Abkhazia, His Holiness and Beatitude Ilia II".


Poststructuralism

Post-structuralism is a kind of philosophy and way of looking at media. The ""Post-"" in Post-structuralism means "comes after." "Structuralism" is another kind of philosophy. Most of post-structuralism is about saying that structuralism is wrong.

The people we call Post-structuralists who wrote about structuralism all had different ideas. A common idea among them was not liking how some structuralists thought the whole world could be thought of as symbols that are opposite to each other. They thought that things in life and in media are more complex than that, so that thinking "this is the opposite of that" was silly. A lot of the time, the post-structuralists said that the things that we think of as the ends of a binary were really made up by other people, and were not really useful or true.

"Structuralism" says that we can see human culture as a structure that looks like language. It also says that this is not reality, but we can use a "third order" that makes a bridge between the two. A post-structuralist might say that to build meaning out of that, you have to make a mistake and think that the definitions of things are good and don't change. Post-structualists might also say that the structuralist theory is above and not a part of these structures they are writing things about.

Post-structuralist writers write about how structuralism is too stiff and is wrong to put things in categories.

Writers that have been called post-structuralists include: Roland Barthes, Jacques Derrida, Michel Foucault, Gilles Deleuze, Félix Guattari, Judith Butler, Jean Baudrillard and Julia Kristeva, although some did not want to be called "post-structuralist."

Tight Quarters

Tight Quarters () is a 1983 Hungarian drama movie directed by György Szomjas and starring Mariann Erdös, Nóra Görbe, Károly Eperjes, Péter Andorai, Edit Ábrahám.

The Verdict

The Verdict is a 1982 American drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1980 novel of the same name by Barry Reed. It stars Paul Newman, Charlotte Rampling, Jack Warden, James Mason, Milo O'Shea, Lindsay Crouse, Edward Binns, Julie Bovasso, Roxanne Hart, Kent Broadhurst, Wesley Addy and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards in 1983.

Karl Drais

Karl Freiherr von Drais (29 April 1785 – 10 December 1851) was a noble German forest official and significant inventor in the Biedermeier period. He was born and died in Karlsruhe. Drais invented the Laufmaschine ("running machine").

Antoaneta Stefanova

Antoaneta Stefanova (; born 19 April 1979) is a Bulgarian chess grandmaster and Women's World Champion from 2004 to 2006. She has been a representative for Bulgaria in the Chess Olympiad in 2000 and the Women's Chess Olympiad since 1992.

Rugby School

Rugby School is an English independent boarding school for pupils aged 13–18 in Rugby, Warwickshire. It was founded in 1567 as a free grammar school for local boys. It is one of the oldest independent schools in Britain.


The game of rugby football was invented at the school. The legend of William Webb Ellis and the origin of the game is commemorated by a plaque. The story that Webb Ellis was the first to pick up a football and run with it is a myth.

Eigengrau

Eigengrau is a dark shade of gray, similar to black.


Kalopanax

Kalopanax is a botanical genus belonging to the family Araliaceae.

In Korea, young shoots, called "eumnamu-sun", are often eaten as sukhoe (blanched dish).

Kirengeshoma

Kirengeshoma is a genus containing two species of plants in the hydrangea family.
The genus name is Japanese, "ki-rengeshōma" (黄蓮華升麻); "ki" means ‘yellow’ and "rengeshōma" is a somewhat similar plant, the false anemone (Anemonopsis).

American Truck Simulator

American Truck Simulator is a truck simulator game made by SCS Software. It was announced in September 2013. It was released on 2 February 2016 for Microsoft Windows, Linux, and macOS. The game is similar to "Euro Truck Simulator 2" where players deliver cargo to their destinations in a truck but instead the game is set in the United States and features American trucks and different locations across the country. The game has sold over 2 million copies on Steam.

James Allen's Girls' School

James Allen's Girls' School, (JAGS), is an independent day school in Dulwich, South London. It is the oldest girls’ independent school in Greater London.

The school is a registered charity. It was originally part of Edward Alleyn's College of God's Gift charitable foundation. This also included Alleyn's School and Dulwich College.

It has a senior school for 11 to 18-year-old girls, a prep school for 7 to 11-year-old girls (James Allen's Preparatory School), and a pre-preparatory school for 4- to 7-year-old girls. It is the sister school of Dulwich College and Alleyn's.

Nokia 7650

The Nokia 7650 is an mobile phone that was developed for the Nokia Corporation. It was announced on 19 November 2001. The phone was released on June 29, 2002 and was discontinued on January 30, 2007. It was followed by the Nokia 7700 and Nokia 7710.

The production of the Nokia 3395 stopped on April 2, 2002 in the United Kingdom and Canada. In North America, The Nokia Corporation started developing a new phone on May 6, 2002 and announced it on May 10, 2002. The Nokia 7650 was announced at the Mobile World Congress on June 3, 2002. The Nokia 7650 contained a new user interface, and was released on June 29, 2002.

In January 30, 2007, after the release of the Nokia 6300, Nokia Corporation stopped selling the Nokia 7650 worldwide.

Nokia 7650 can use a CD-DVD Drive, and it was also based off the Nokia 6230, Nokia 6303 classic and Nokia 6700 classic. Nokia 7650 has a swipe keyboard and two call buttons.

The Nokia 7650 can use two Dual SIM cards or memory cards. With the swipe keyboard, on which someone can swipe out the words you want to text with a finger, it's possible to dial, call, take photos and more much quicker than the normal type of phone keyboard.

The Nokia 7650 performed well as The Verge claimed on June 8, 2003 in Los Angeles, California. In June 7, 2009, Nokia's CEO at the time, Risto Silasmaa, remarked how it was launched for businesses, banks, and families.

Autoradio

Autoradio () (105.1 Minsk FM) was the first private radio station in Belarus. It worked from Minsk. The radio station used the frequency 105.1 MHz. It worked from August 7, 1992 to January 12, 2011. 

From the start of the 1990s to January 1, 1995, Autoradio was heard on the frequency 67.7 OIRT FM. Autoradio used OIRT FM (the International Radio and Television Organisation wave in the air). It was the only open range for people and organizations in Belarus at that time. In 1995, the radio station was cut. It took four years to get back on the air. In 2001, the second wave line was started on the FM frequency 105.1 MHz (Megahertz). 

Belarusian music was heard on the radio. Groups N.R.M., Krambambula, Lyapis Trubetskoy, Neuro Dubel, and the best songs from the Tuzin.fm website selection were heard the most. Famous people worked for the radio station, such as Oleg Khomenko, Dzmitryj Wajciuszkiewicz, and Masha Yar.

In September 2009, the Ministry of Information of the Republic of Belarus penciled a punishment for Autoradio for broadcasting the EuroZoom show made together with European Radio for Belarus.

At 12:40 on January 12, 2011, the Autoradio's broadcasting document was taken away and the radio station saw its end. The Republican Commission on Television and Radio Broadcasting led by Oleg Proleskovsky took the Autoradio's broadcasting document away after the station broadcast advertisements for candidates Andrei Sannikov and Uladzimir Nyaklyayew. Both were against Alexander Lukashenko in the 2010 presidential elections in Belarus.

Journalist Paulyuk Bykouski said that the Autoradio's advertisements were in agreement with the Central Election Commission of Belarus (the organization that does elections). The court of the first level supported the position of Avtoradio. Its decision was changed later. As a result of the change, Dmitry Alexandrov, judge of the Economic Court of Belarus, who ruled to shut the radio station down, became a person whose EU accounts and moves to the European Union were iced.

The government-run radio station Stalitsa () was given the frequency 105.1 MHz that was taken away from Autoradio. Stalitsa began using it on April 15, 2012.

Yuri Bazan, the person who made Autoradio and was its main editor, died on September 24, 2016.

Music judge Dzmitry Padbiarezski called Autoradio one of his much loved Belarusian FM-stations.

In 2011, the group N.R.M. recorded the song "Autoradio" () in support of the shut down radio station.


Dendropsophus frosti

The acre tree frog ("Dendropsophus frosti") is a frog that lives in South America. Scientists have seen it in two places, one in Colombia and one in Peru.

The adult male frog is 21.1 to 23.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 25.9 to 28.8 mm long. It has large eyes and vomerine teeth in its jaw. This frog can change color. During the day, it is light brown in color on the back and darker on the sides. It is yellow or white on the belly. At night, the male frog is yellow and the female frog is brown.

The female frog lays eggs on firm surfaces, such as the sides of tree trunks.

This species is named after herpetologist Darrel Frost.

Flags of Our Fathers (movie)

Flags of Our Fathers is a 2006 American World War II movie directed by Clint Eastwood and was based on the 2000 novel of the same name by James Bradley and Ron Powers. It stars Ryan Phillippe, Jesse Bradford, Adam Beach, Paul Walker, John Slattery, Jamie Bell, Robert Patrick, Harve Presnell, Melanie Lynskey, David Patrick Kelly, Scott Eastwood and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 2007.

Pik Pobeda

Pik Pobeda (or Peak Pobeda) is a mountain in the Tian Shan range, in Xinjiang and Kyrgyzstan. It is also known as Jengish Chokusu. Pik Pobeda is the highest mountain in Kyrgyzstan and the 60th highest mountain in the world. It should not be confused with a different mountain with the same name in Russia. The first people to reach the top were Vitali Abalakov and his team, in 1956.

Meitei Hindus

Meitei Hindus or Manipuri Hindus are the adherents of Hinduism and are native to Manipur kingdom and the South East Asian regions. Meitei Hindus speak Meitei language (Manipuri language), which belongs to the Sino-Tibetan language family and adhere to the Vaishnava section of their religion, Hinduism.
Though there were earlier Brahmin settlements in Medieval Manipur, the entire Meitei ethnicity remains to be ethno-religious to Sanamahism until the great historical event of the Puya Mei Thaba took place during the reign of , the then Emperor of Manipur kingdom, after which the entire ethnicity were forcibly converted into Hinduism.
In the past few decades, Meitei Hindu population is declining as the population of people following and practising the indigenous Meitei paganism (Sanamahism) is growing every year, which is inversely proportional to the Hindu population inside the Meitei ethnicity. Currently, Hindus account for 41℅ and the Sanamahists account for 8℅ out of the total population of Manipur according to 2011 census report. Presently, Sanamahists has approximately 2,40,000 officially registered followers.


Hinduism in Nepal

Hinduism in Nepal is the widely and most-followed religion. The Constitution of Nepal has called for protection of its old religions (mainly for Hinduism and Buddhism). Nepal and India are the world only countries to have Hinduism as majority religion. Nepal has the highest percent of population (i.e., 81.3%) and also has second largest population of Hindus, after India.

By 2008, Nepal was the only Hindu country in the world, after which it become a secular-state.

Meitei festivals

Across the year, Meitei people celebrate festivals. They often celebrate events from Ancient Manipur and often happen at seasonal changes. Festivals which are part of traditional Meitei culture have fixed dates according to the Meitei calendar.
Cheiraoba, the new year festival of the Meitei ethnicity is on the 1st lunar day of Sajibu month. During the celebration, people worship Lainingthou Sanamahi inside the Sanamahi Kachin, by offering fruits and vegetables available during that season of the year.
Emoinu Eratpa, the sacred day for Emoinu, the goddess of wealth and prosperity in Meitei mythology and religion, falls on the 12th lunar day of the Wakching month.

Heikru Hidongba , the annual royal boat racing festive event (a typical Hiyang Tannaba), falls on the 11th lunar day of the Langban month. The event is mainly organized in the moat of the Sagolband Bijoy Gobinda in Imphal.

Kwaak Taanba, the ceremonial freeing of the crow by the Meitei king, falls on the 10th lunar day of the Mera month. Its main venue for celebration is the Sana Konung, the Royal Residence of the King of Manipur.
Lai Haraoba, the merrymaking festival dedicated to the Umang Lais and the Lam Lais of Sanamahism, has no particular dates of celebration according to Meitei calendar. Some are celebrated for a few weeks while some continue for more than a month.

Mera Chaorel Houba, the onset of the Mera month is marked by the united gatherings of the Meitei people along with the tribesmen communities of Manipur on the 1st lunar day of the Mera month. It is during this event that devotees offer rice, fruits and vegetables to Lainingthou Sanamahi and Leimarel Sidabi in the sacred Sanamahi Temple of Imphal.

Mera Hou Chongba falls on the 15th lunar day of the Mera month. Its main theme is the unity and love between the Meitei people and the tribesmen communities of Manipur.

Ningol Chakouba falls on the 2nd lunar day of the Hiyangkei month. It is on this day that the married ladies compulsory visit their parental house to dine with their paternal family members, especially brothers.

Panthoibi Iratpa, the sacred festival dedicated to Panthoipi, the Meitei goddess of war and love, is celebrated by her devotees, in the holy pantheons dedicated to her.

Sanamahi Ahong Khong Chingba, also known as Sanamahi Cheng Hongba, is a grand chariot pulling festival dedicated to Sanamahi, the Guardian of the mankind in Sanamahism. It is on this day people pour a basketful of uncooked rice in front of the idol of the deity. The main venue of the event is Imphal. It was revived in 2018 AD after a long ban of 350 years.

Yaoshang falls on the 15th lunar day of the Lamtaa month. It is a five-day festival, starting from the Full moon day of the month. Due to its coincidence with the timing of Holi, people imitate the Hindu culture of using colors to spray among one another.

Since some Meitei people follow Hinduism and Christianity, the general Hindu and Christian festivals are also celebrated in addition to those of the traditional Meitei religion (Sanamahism).

Yasumasa Shigeno

Shigeno died on April 9, 2021 from a heart attack in Tokyo, aged 79.

Norm LaPointe

Normand “Norm” LaPointe (born August 13, 1955) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender.

As a youth he played in the 1965 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with a minor ice hockey team from Saint-Vincent-de-Paul, Quebec, and the 1967 tournament with a team from Pointe-Claire. He was selected by the Vancouver Canucks in the 3rd round (46th overall) of the 1975 NHL Amateur Draft, and was also drafted by the Cincinnati Stingers in the 4th round (46th overall) of the 1975 WHA Amateur Draft. LaPointe played three seasons in the World Hockey Association with the Cincinnati Stingers. In January 1979, the Fort Wayne Komets traded LaPointe to the Toledo Goaldiggers in exchange for defenceman Peter Brown. 

Paul Larose

Paul Larose (born November 1, 1950) is a Canadian retired ice hockey forward who played 33 games in the World Hockey Association for the Quebec Nordiques and Michigan Stags/Baltimore Blades.

Jimmy Mann (ice hockey)

James Edward Mann (born April 17, 1959) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played 293 games in the National Hockey League. He played for the Winnipeg Jets, Quebec Nordiques and the Pittsburgh Penguins.



Gabriel Urgebadze

Gabriel (), born Goderdzi Urgebadze (; 26 August 1929 – 2 November 1995) was a Georgian Orthodox archimandrite. Saint of Orthodox Church.



Aylostera

Aylostera is a genus of cactus that has two subgenera. They are Aylostera and Mediolobivia. It is not certain which plants are members of this genus and which are part of "Rebutia".


Graf

A graf was a nobleman in the German speaking areas of Central Europe. Graf is about an equal rank to count or earl. A woman having this title or the wife of a graf is called a gräfin.

Bétous

Bétous is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Betplan

Betplan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Montecalvo Versiggia

Montecalvo Versiggia is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Death and funeral of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh

Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, the husband of Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth realms, and the longest-serving royal consort in British history, died at Windsor Castle at age 99 on the morning of 9 April 2021. The cause of death has not been released, though an official statement says he "died peacefully".

Named after the Forth Bridge in Edinburgh, the city of his dukedom, the national plan for publicly handling the Duke's death is called Operation Forth Bridge.

The Duke could have a full state funeral, but had wished for minimal "fuss"; as such, there was no state funeral or lying in state. He had a military funeral conducted at St George's Chapel.

Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex, who resides in the United States, had planned to return to the UK for the Duke's 100th birthday. Instead, he returned for the funeral, which happened eight days following the Duke's death. No laws were passed in the eight-day mourning period for the Duke.

Changes were necessary against mass gatherings because of the COVID-19 pandemic; for example, there were no crowds or members of the public present at any time, with the number attending not more than thirty, in line with regulations.

The Duke was not given a state funeral, which are usually reserved for monarchs. Instead, he had a royal ceremonial funeral. He did not want to lie in state, though the Duke did "lie at rest" in the private chapel at Windsor Castle prior to his service. He had a military funeral conducted at St George's Chapel and burial in the same place.

This royal ceremonial funeral was the same level of honour as formerly given to Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother and Diana, Princess of Wales. His funeral was broadcasted on television.

Rocca de' Giorgi

Rocca de' Giorgi is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Senate of Uruguay

The Chamber of Senators of Uruguay ("Cámara de Senadores de Uruguay"), or Senate, is the upper house of the General Assembly of Uruguay ("Asamblea General del Uruguay"). It has 30 members, elected for a five-year term by proportional representation; the Vice-president presides over the chamber's sessions.

Mephisto (1981 movie)

Mephisto is a 1981 Hungarian German Austrian drama movie directed by István Szabó and was based on the novel of the same name by Klaus Mann. It stars Klaus Maria Brandauer, Krystyna Janda, Ildikó Bánsági, Rolf Hoppe, György Cserhalmi, Péter Andorai, Karin Boyd, Christine Harbort and won an Academy Award in 1982.


Bizalom

Bizalom, also known as Confidence in English, is a 1980 Hungarian World War II drama movie directed by István Szabó and starring Ildikó Bánsági, Péter Andorai, Oszkárné Gombik, Károly Csáki, Tamás Dunai, Zoltán Bezerédi, Gyula Gazdag. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1981.

Glauk Konjufca

Glauk Konjufca (born 25 July 1981) is a Kosovan activist, journalist and politician. He has been the Chairman of the Assembly since 22 March 2021. He was acting President of Kosovo from 22 March 2021 until the election of Vjosa Osmani on 4 April 2021.

Vjosa Osmani

Vjosa Osmani-Sadriu (born 17 May 1982) is a Kosovan jurist and politician. She is the fifth and current president of Kosovo since 4 April 2021.

Albin Kurti

Albin Kurti (born 24 March 1975) is a Kosovar Albanian politician and activist. He is the prime minister of Kosovo since 22 March 2021. He was prime minister before from February and June 2020.

Isa Mustafa

Isa Mustafa (born 15 May 1951) is a Kosovar politician. Mustafa was Mayor of Pristina from December 2007 to December 2013. He was Prime Minister of Kosovo between December 2014 and September 2017. He was the leader of the Democratic League of Kosovo (LDK) between 2010 and 2021.

While addressing the Assembly of Kosovo on 22 September 2015 about an agreement with Serbia on autonomy for Kosovo's ethnic Serb minority and another agreement defining the border between Kosovo and Montenegro, lawmakers threw eggs at Mustafa.

Ramush Haradinaj

Ramush Haradinaj (born 3 July 1968) is a Kosovar politician. He was leader of the AAK party, and was the 3rd Prime Minister of Kosovo. He is a former officer and leader of the Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA), and previously served as Prime Minister of Kosovo between 2004 and 2005.

2021 Northern Ireland riots

A series of riots in loyalist areas of Northern Ireland began in Waterside, Derry, on 30 March 2021. After four nights of rioting in loyalist areas of Derry, disturbances spread to south Belfast on 2 April. A loyalist protest developed into a riot involving iron bars, bricks and bombs. Following this, civil unrest spread to Newtownabbey on 3 April, where cars were hijacked and burnt, and petrol bombs were also used against police. 

Ulster loyalism

Ulster loyalism is a part of Ulster unionism which is related with working class Ulster Protestants in Northern Ireland. 

Like most unionists, loyalists support the British monarchy, support Northern Ireland being within the United Kingdom, and oppose a united Ireland. 

Ulster loyalism has been described as a kind of ethnic nationalism.

American Rescue Plan Act of 2021

The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, also called the COVID-19 Stimulus Package or American Rescue Plan, is a $1.9 trillion economic stimulus bill passed by the 117th United States Congress and signed into law by President Joe Biden on March 11, 2021. It was meant to speed up the United States' recovery from the economic and health effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing recession. Among many measures, the package boosted employment benefits for Americans by an extra $600 and provided direct cash payments of $1,200 or more. 

First proposed on January 14, 2021, the package expands from the CARES Act from March 2020 and in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, from December.

The bill passed the United States House of Representatives by a vote of 219–212 on February 27. All but two Democrats voted for the bill and all Republicans voted against the bill. A fixed version passed the United States Senate on March 6 by a vote of 50–49. The final amended bill was passed by the House on March 10 by a vote of 220–211.

Eduardo Malaquina

Eduardo Malaquina (1936 – 9 April 2021) was an Uruguayan politician. He was a Senator from 2011 until 2015. He was also Mayor of Salto from 1985 until 1990 and again from 1995 until 2005.

Malaquina died on 9 April 2021 in Salto, aged 84.

Ian Gibson (politician)

Ian Gibson (26 September 1938 – 9 April 2021) was a British Labour Party politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Norwich North from 1997 to 2009. 

He resigned from the House of Commons on 5 June 2009.

Rudolf Furmanov

Rudolf Davydovich Furmanov (22 October 1938 – 9 April 2021) was a Russian actor and stage director. He was born in Leningrad, Soviet Union. His career began in 1948. Furmanov was known for his roles Artyom in "The Circus Burned Down, and the Clowns Have Gone" (1998) and as Igor in "I Want to Go to Prison" (1998). 

In 2008, Furmanov was honored with the People's Artist of Russia.

Furmanov died on 9 April 2021 in Saint Petersburg, Russia at the age of 82.

Ekkehard Fasser

Ekkehard Fasser (3 September 1952 – 9 April 2021) was a Swiss bobsledder. He won a gold medal in the four-man event at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary. Fasser also earned a gold medal in the four-man event at the 1983 FIBT World Championships in Lake Placid, New York.

Fasser died on 9 April 2021, aged 68.

Coup de Torchon

Coup de Torchon, also known as Clean Slate, is a 1981 French crime movie directed by Bertrand Tavernier and was based on the 1964 novel "Pop. 1280" by Jim Thompson. It stars Philippe Noiret, Isabelle Huppert, Jean-Pierre Marielle, Stéphane Audran, Eddy Mitchell, Guy Marchand, Jean Champion and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1982.


Bruce Dinwiddy

Bruce Harry Dinwiddy, CMG (1 February 1946 – 1 April 2021) was a British politician. Dinwiddy was the Governor of the Cayman Islands from May 2002 to October 2005. Dinwiddy was born in Epsom. He worked for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) from 1973 to 2005.

Dinwiddy died on 1 April 2021, aged 75.

Henri Marescaux

Henri Marescaux (12 September 1943 – 1 April 2021) was a French army general and Roman Catholic deacon.

In 2004, Marescaux was ordained a deacon with the Diocese of Versailles by Bishop Éric Aumonier. He founded the Association Tamaris for the prostitutes' aide. 

In 2019, he published a book on his experiences, titled "Les prostituées nous précèdent".

Marescaux died in Le Chesnay on 1 April 2021 at the age of 77.

Paul Marland

Paul Marland (19 March 1940 – 7 April 2021) was a British Conservative politician.

Marland became a Member of Parliament for the marginal seat of West Gloucestershire from Labour in 1979. He served until 1997.

He was president of the National Conservative Convention in 2005.

Marland died in April 2021 at the age of 81.

Robert Howarth

Robert Lever Howarth (31 July 1927 – 2 April 2021) was a British politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Bolton East from 1964 to 1970.

Howarth died in April 2021 at the age of 93, after suffering from dementia.

Mykhailo Kushnerenko

Mykhailo Kushnerenko (; 18 August 1938 – 2 April 2021) was a Ukrainian politician. He was Governor of Kherson Oblast from 1997 to 1998. He was a member of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union and the Supreme Soviet of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic from 1989 to 1991. 

Kushnerenko died on 2 April 2021 in Kiev, Ukraine at the age of 82.

Arthur Kopit

Arthur Lee Kopit (' Koenig"'; May 10, 1937April 2, 2021) was an American playwright. He was a two-time Pulitzer Prize finalist ("Indians" and "Wings") and a three-time Tony Award nominee: Best Play, "Indians" (1970); Best Play, "Wings" (1979); and Best Book of a Musical, for "Nine" (1982).

Kopit died on April 2, 2021 in Manhattan, aged 83.

Blue Sky Rangers

The Blue Sky Rangers is a group of Intellivision game programmers who worked for Mattel in the early 1980s.

When the Intellivision first came out in 1978, its games were made by APh Technological Consulting. When they knew they could get much more profit making them themselves, Mattel created their own software development group. The original five members of that Intellivision team were manager Gabriel Baum, and Don Daglow, Rick Levine, Mike Minkoff and John Sohl. Levine and Minkoff (Minkoff is a long-time Mattel Toys veteran) both came over from the hand-held Mattel games engineering team. To stop them and later programmers (the Mattel team peaked at 110 people in 1983) from being hired away by their rival Atari, their identity and work location was secret.

In 1982, "TV Guide" published an article about Intellivision's secret programming team. The writer of the article wanted a group name other than "The Application Software Programmers," so he thought of "The Blue Sky Rangers". This was based on the programming group's "Blue Sky Meetings," which were a series of sessions to make new game ideas.

One of the early programmers, Keith Robinson, has owned the rights to Intellivision in recent years and the Blue Sky Rangers' games are now available on multiple computer and video game platforms, as well as mobile phones. He died in June 2017. Intellivision Entertainment, which is owned by Tommy Tallarico, owns the rights to Intellivision, and is making a new console named Intellivision Amico.




Sleuth (1972 movie)

Sleuth is a 1972 British American mystery thriller movie directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and was based on the 1970 play of the same name by Anthony Shaffer. It stars Michael Caine, Laurence Olivier and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1973 and was remade in 2007.


Agnaldo Timóteo

Agnaldo Timóteo Pereira (October 16, 1936 – April 3, 2021) was a Brazilian bolero singer-songwriter and politician. He was born in Caratinga, Minas Gerais. He was a member of the Progressistas and 2006 Liberal Party. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1983 until 1987 and again from 1995 until 1997.

Timóteo died in Rio de Janeiro from COVID-19 on April 3, 2021 at the age of 84.

Mukhmohit Singh

Dr Mukhmohit Singh, MBBS, MD (Community Medicine) is a faculty for training students for PSM subject for various entrance exams across and outside India. To his credit, he has clinical-cum-research experience of working as Medical officer in corporate hospitals, as well as clinical research student for projects in PGIMER, Chandigarh.
His association with Smt. VidyaVati Trust, has been instrumental in providing care and innovations in health care as medical record system update, use of tele-medicine for diagnostics, mobile health units and drug dispensing systems for patient facility has been the real life practical examples for affordable and accessible health care for our country settings.

He also has vast array of field and community experience while working as Epidemiologist for UT Administration, Chandigarh and further as Assistant professor (epidemiology) in the department of community medicine for teaching and training of the under-graduate MBBS students.

Mukhmohit Singh has been awarded with Gold sponsorship award for work on COPD at the prestigious European respiratory society under the young research category. He has also been awarded the certificates for successful completion of Diploma course for advancements and management plans for diabetes in India, for thyroid disorders and Advance Epidemiology programs

He has contributed to research in fields of pulmonary medicine, providing accessible health care, and has various papers published in national and international journals. He is also an active member of various organisations as ERS, RSSDI, IAPSM, IPHA.

Dr. Mukhmohit has been involved with Medical and Nursing Graduate and post graduate education since 2011 and has taught over 10,000+ students with a very high success rate. He is also an international faculty for epidemiology and public health for teaching medical doctors in USA and Canada for Licensing Exams. 




Cyprian Kizito Lwanga

Cyprian Kizito Lwanga (19 January 1953 – 3 April 2021) was a Ugandan Roman Catholic prelate. He was Archbishop of Kampala from 2006 to his death. From 1996 to 2006, he was Bishop of Kasana–Luweero.

Skin Deep (1989 movie)

Skin Deep is a 1989 American romantic comedy movie directed by Blake Edwards and starring John Ritter, Chelsea Field, Vincent Gardenia, Alyson Reed, Joel Brooks, Julianne Phillips, Nina Foch, Denise Crosby, Peter Donat. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Marc Racicot

Marc Racicot (; born July 24, 1948) is an American attorney, lobbyist, politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. Racicot was the 21st Governor of Montana from 1993 until 2001. 

He was chairman of the Republican National Committee from 2002 until 2003. He was appointed as the chairman of the Bush re-election campaign. 

In 2000 as well as 2004 he was rumored to be Bush's choice for United States Attorney General. During the 2000 election, some saw him as a possible running mate for Bush. "The Washington Post" described him as "one of Bush's closest friends and advisers". 

In September 2020, he announced his plans to vote for Joe Biden, the Democratic nominee in the 2020 presidential election.

Gale Norton

Gale Ann Norton (born March 11, 1954) is an American politician and lawyer. She was the 48th United States Secretary of the Interior from 2001 to 2006 under President George W. Bush. She was the first woman to hold the position.

Luo Ying-shay

Luo Ying-shay (; 8 November 1951 – 3 April 2021) was a Taiwanese politician. She was the Minister of Justice from 30 September 2013 until 20 May 2016.

In 2013, Luo was diagnosed with breast cancer. She died from the disease on 3 April 2021, aged 69.

James B. Holderman

James "Jim" Bowker Holderman (January 29, 1936 – April 3, 2021) was an American academic. He was the president of the University of South Carolina from 1977 to his resignation in 1990.

In 1990, Holderman resigned from the university after it was revealed he had been misusing university funds. He pleaded guilty in state court for using his office for personal gain and no contest to tax evasion. He was accused of sexual harrasment in 1992. 

Holderman was later convicted of bankruptcy fraud and sent to federal prison and was later arrested in an FBI sting operation in 2003 for attempting to launder drug money and sell student visas. He was sentenced to 3 years in prison.

Holderman died at a retirement home in Columbia, South Carolina on April 3, 2021 from cancer, aged 85.

Ho Lien Siew

Ho Lien Siew (5 September 1932 – 3 April 2021) was a Singaporean basketball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He also represented the country at the 1962 Asian Games.

Guram Dochanashvili

Guram Dochanashvili (; 26 March 1939 – 3 April 2021) was a Georgian writer and historian. He was popular for his short stories, beginning in the 1960s. He was known for his "The First Garment" book series.

Dochanashvili was hospitalized on 1 April 2021 in Tbilisi. His condition was critical and he died two days later, aged 82.

José Adauto Bezerra

José Adauto Bezerra (3 July 1926 – 3 April 2021) was a Brazilian politician. He was governor of Ceará from 1975 to 1978. He was a member of the Ceará Legislative Assembly from 1959 to 1979. Aduato Bezerra was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1979 to 1983. 

Adauto Bezerra died of COVID-19 in Ceará on 3 April 2021, aged 94.

2021 Rock Hill shooting

On April 7, 2021, six people, including two children, were shot at a house in Rock Hill, South Carolina, United States. Phillip Adams, a former National Football League player, was named as the suspect. Five of the shooting victims died, while a sixth is hospitalized in critical condition with serious gunshot wounds.

On April 8, 2021, the York County Sheriff's Office said in a press conference that the suspect was Adams. Adams later killed himself before he could be arrested.

Phillip Adams (American football)

Phillip Matthew Adams (July 20, 1988 – April 8, 2021) was an American football cornerback in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the South Carolina State Bulldogs.

Adams was drafted in the seventh round of the 2010 NFL Draft by the San Francisco 49ers. He also played for the New England Patriots, Oakland Raiders, Seattle Seahawks, New York Jets, and Atlanta Falcons.

On April 8, 2021, Adams committed suicide by shooting and killing himself after Rock Hill, South Carolina police investigators identified him by as the gunman who killed five others and injured a another the day before.

Switch (movie)

Switch is a 1991 American fantasy comedy movie directed by Blake Edwards and is the second adaption of the 1959 play "Goodbye Charlie" by George Axelrod. It stars Ellen Barkin, Jimmy Smits, JoBeth Williams, Lorraine Bracco, Tony Roberts, Perry King, Lysette Anthony, Bruce Payne, Victoria Mahoney, Kevin Kliner, Téa Leoni and was distributed by Warner Bros.


Iñaki Aldekoa

Iñaki Aldekoa (1940 – 8 April 2021) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies from 1986 until 1987. Aldekoa was born in Amorebieta-Etxano, Spain. He was also a member of the Parliament of Navarre from 1979 until 1983.

Aldekoa died on 8 April 2021 in Amorebieta-Etxano, aged 80.

Crosne, Essonne

Crosne () is a commune in the Essonne department, in the Île-de-France region in northern France. It is also a suburb of Paris, located 18 km from the center of Paris.

Michel Berson

Michel Berson (21 April 1945 – 8 April 2021) was a French politician. He was Mayor of Crosne, Essonne from 1977 until 1998. He was a Deputy from 1981 until 1997. Berson was a Senator from 2011 until 2017.

Berson died on 8 April 2021, aged 75.

Jovan Divjak

Jovan Divjak (11 March 1937 – 8 April 2021) was a Bosnian army general. He was the Deputy Commander of the Bosnian army's main staff until 1994, during the Bosnian War.

On 8 April 2021, Divjak died in Sarajevo at the age of 84.

Curse of the Pink Panther

Curse of the Pink Panther is a 1983 British American mystery comedy movie directed by Blake Edwards and is the eighth movie in The Pink Panther series. It stars Ted Wass, Herbert Lom, David Niven, Robert Wagner, Robert Loggia, Joanna Lumley, Roger Moore, Burt Kwouk, Harvey Korman, Leslie Ash, Bill Nighy and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Doug Holden

Albert Douglas Holden (28 September 1930 – 7 April 2021) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger. Holden was born in Manchester, Lancashire. He made five appearances for the England national football team in 1959.

Holden died on 7 April 2021, aged 90.

Türkgücü München

Türkgücü München is a German football club based in Munich, Bavaria's capital.

Adopt Me!

Adopt Me! is a massive multiplayer online game on the gaming platform "Roblox". The original focus of the game was to adopt children. The game was developed further, and its focus is now on collecting pets. "Adopt Me!" has been played 20 billion times as of March 2021. The game is created by a video game development studio called Uplift Games.

"Adopt Me!" is about adopting and taking care of different animals. Pets are grouped into 5 classes, based around how common they are and how much you have to pay for it. These groups are common, uncommon, rare, ultra-rare and legendary. Pets grow up from junior to adult. If a player has four adult pets of the same type, they can create a "neon" pet, and four neon pets can be combined into a "Mega-Neon" pet. Purchases can be made with the money of Roblox, robux, and through Adopt Me!'s own currency, Bucks. Bucks can be earned by feeding and taking care of your pet.

Before 2018, "Adopt Me!" had been about adopting and taking care of children. In 2019, pets were added to the game. More people began playing the game and the game became about adopting pets. In March 2021, the game had been played 20 billion times.


Manipura (Mahabharata)

<mapframe latitude="20.563333" longitude="86.371389" zoom="12" width="400" height="300" align="right" />Manipura kingdom or Manipuram Rajyam is an ancient kingdom and presently a village in the Khorda district of the Indian state of Odisha. In the Mahabharata, the ancient Hindu scripture, Manipur is mentioned as a kingdom located in the shoreline periphery of the Bay of Bengal, after passing through the Mahendra Mountain. It is the place where Arjuna seek asylum and get married to Chitrangada, the princess of the kingdom.

Manipuri festivals (disambiguation)

Manipuri festivals may refer to:

The Fateful Day

The Fateful Day () is a 1995 Iranian drama movie directed by Shahram Assadi and was based on novel of the same name by Bahram Beyzai. It stars Mohammad-Ali Keshavarz, Ezzatolah Entezami, Alireza Shoja Nouri, Zhaleh Olov, Jamshid Mashayekhi.

Lorraine Franconian

Lorraine Franconian (Lorraine Franconian: "Plàtt" or "lottrìnger Plàtt"; or "platt lorrain"; ) is a variant of West Central German (). It is spoken in Moselle and in Lorraine.

Far and Away

Far and Away is a 1992 American romantic adventure movie directed by Ron Howard and starring Tom Cruise, Nicole Kidman, Cyril Cusack, Thomas Gibson, Eileen Pollock, Robert Prosky, Barbara Babcock, Colm Meaney, Niall Tóibín. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

In order to avenge the death of his father and the arson of his farm in Ireland, Joseph Donelly breaks into the home of the family responsible for the tragedy, the Christies. There, the young man meets the lovely Shannon who persuades him to leave for a better world, America.


Hans Küng

Hans Küng (; 19 March 1928 – 6 April 2021) was a Swiss Catholic priest, theologian, and author. From 1995 he was president of the Foundation for a Global Ethic (Stiftung Weltethos).

Küng became a priest in 1954, joined the faculty of the University of Tübingen in 1960, and was a theological adviser during the Second Vatican Council. He remained a Catholic priest until his death.




Antonio Calpe

Antonio Calpe Hernández (4 February 1940 – 7 April 2021) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a defender.

In the summer of 1965 he joined Real Madrid, being part of the squads during their Yé-yé era and winning five major trophies.

Calpe was one of three managers for Levante.

Calpe died on 7 April 2021 at the age of 81, after a long illness.

Real Madrid

Levante

Walter Olkewicz

Walter Olkewicz (November 14, 1948 – April 6, 2021) was an American character actor. He played Marko in the TV series "Wizards and Warriors". He also played Coach Wordman in the 1984 movie "Making the Grade". 

Olkewicz died after a long illness on April 6, 2021.

Ripuarian language

Ripuarian (; also "Ripuarian Franconian"; ) is a variant of West Central German.

Austrian German

Austrian German (, Austro-Bavarian: "Östareichisches Deitsch"), Austrian Standard German (ASG), Standard Austrian German (), or Austrian High German (), is the variation of Standard German. It is written and spoken mostly in Austria and South Tyrol. 

Hunting Flies (1969 movie)

Hunting Flies () is a 1969 Polish comedy movie directed by Andrzej Wajda and starring Zygmunt Malanowicz, Małgorzata Braunket, Ewa Skarzanka, Hanna Skarzanka, Józef Pieracki, Daniel Olbrychski, Julia Bratna.

Comicsgate

Comicsgate is a campaign led by graphic novelist Doug TenNapel against diversity and progressivism in North American superhero comic book industry, believing that these have led to a decline in both quality and sales. It is similar to Gamergate, which is related to video games. It is part of the alt-right movement and a harassment campaign. It has been blamed by critics for the vandalism of one store and threats of violence.

Analog Devolved of Kiwi Farms is part of the Comicsgate movement.

Movable walls

If it is necessary to divide a space in two or more parts, this is done by movable walls. These consist of panels that are sometimes hung from overhead rails. 

The panels reduce transmission of sound. This is essential for preventing noise passing to nearby spaces. Together with active earmuffs, panels help keep the workplace or home noise from interfering with the kind of activities which require thought and attention.

Applications include hotel function rooms, schools, conference centres, religious and sports facilities, business companies and private homes. 

In private homes they can help with some tricky problems, such as a family outgrowing the home, but not able to move to larger premises.

Portable partitions are temporary walls used to divide rooms instead of permanent walls. They may be joined together section by section, or stand as one unit. Portable walls may be fixed, or on casters for rolling, while others may be folding room dividers.

In Japanese homes and buildings, sliding panels called "fusuma" are widely used.

Folding screens have been used in China for over two thousand years.


Chainarol

The Chainarol, also spelt as Chainalol (literally, ""Way of the warrior""), is an ancient Meitei puya which records the armed combats of various gladiators through different periods of history of Ancient Manipur. It consists of 27 stories of real life incidents of the dual fight between different gladiators. Various scholars believe that the first entry in the text is a personal combat dating back to the 1st century AD and the latest episode dating back to the 2nd half of the 16th century AD.


Mersin

Mersin is a city on the Mediterranean coast in southern Turkey. The city is in the Mediterranean Region. In 2020, about 1.8 million people lived there.

The Way to the Gold

The Way to the Gold is a 1957 American drama movie directed by Robert D. Webb and was based on the 1955 novel of the same name by Wilbur Daniel Steele. It stars Jeffrey Hunter, Sheree North, Barry Sullivan, Walter Brennan, Neville Brand, Jacques Aubuchon, Ruth Donnelly and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Hinduism in India

Hinduism is biggest religion of India. 966.3 million people identify as Hindu, representing 79.8% of the country's population in 2011 census. India contains 94% of the global Hindu population, the world's largest Hindu population. Islam is followed by 14.2% of the population, with the remaining 6% adhering to other religions (such as Christianity, Sikhism, Buddhism, Jainism, various indigenous ethnically-bound faiths, atheism) or having no religion. The vast majority of Hindus in India belong to Shaivite and Vaishnavite denominations. India is one of the three countries in the world (Nepal and Mauritius being the other two) where Hinduism is the dominant religion.

India has been described as the home of Hinduism and the religion directly affects the culture of the nation. In most parts of the India, Hindus are in majority especially in Himachal Pradesh, Dadra and Nagar Haveli, Odisha, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Daman and Diu, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Haryana, Puducherry, Karnataka, Tripura, Uttarakhand, Bihar, Delhi, Chandigarh, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Jharkhand, Goa, Assam and Sikkim .


Envy (2004 movie)

Envy is a 2004 American dark comedy movie directed by Barry Levinson and starring Ben Stiller, Jack Black, Christopher Walken, Rachel Weisz, Amy Poehler. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was a commercial failure.

Pierre Sanfourche-Laporte

Pierre Sanfourche-Laporte (born in Sarlat-la-Canéda on March 24, 1774, where he died on July 9, 1856) is a French jurist.

His main work, Le Nouveau Valin (1809), refers to René Josué Valin and his commentary on the Marine Ordinance of 1681. The work sees the contribution of Pierre B. Boucher, professor of maritime law, and proposes a commercial code exclusively relating to maritime trade. However, the thesis of the unity of codification prevailed and on January 1, 1808 a general commercial code was published.

From 1832 to 1852, he was a lawyer at the Brussels Court of Cassation.

House of La Boétie

The house La Boétie is in France in Sarlat-la-Canéda, in the Dordogne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

Étienne de La Boétie, Michel de Montaigne's friend, was born there on November 1, 1530.

The house was restored in 1910, after its classification in 1889.

Saint-Maur-des-Fossés

Saint-Maur-des-Fossés is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Meaux

Meaux is a commune. It is in the Seine-et-Marne department in France.

Bézéril

Bézéril is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Bezolles

Bezolles is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Bézues-Bajon

Bézues-Bajon is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach

Alfried Felix Alwyn Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach (13 August 1907 – 30 July 1967), often referred to as Alfried Krupp, was part of the Krupp family. They had a steel-making business in 19th and 20th century Germany. The Krupp family is famous for taking advantage of war to make money and for enslaving workers during World War II. At one time, the Krupp company was the biggest maker of weapons in the world.

Krupp was born in 1907 in Essen, Germany. He joined the Nazi Schutzstaffel (SS) in 1933. The Krupp company pretended to make farm equipment but they were really making tanks. They moved and rebuilt factories. Some of the workers in the factories were enslaved people from concentration camps in the Holocaust. Historians say there were 100,000 slaved workers and as many as 70,000 of them died.

Historian Harold James says that Alfried Krupp only became leader of the company in 1943, after all the enslaving had happened, and that he was a scapegoat for the company's bad actions. Krupp was put on trial for war crimes at the Nuremberg Trials. He was sentenced to 12 years, but he was pardoned in 1951.

Biran

Biran is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Bivès

Bivès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Blanquefort, Gers

Blanquefort is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Coazze

Coazze is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Gressoney-Saint-Jean

Gressoney-Saint-Jean (Gressoney ; ; ) is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Hône

Hône is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Introd

Introd is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Issime

Issime is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Issogne

Issogne is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Jovençan

Jovençan is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

La Magdeleine, Aosta Valley

La Magdeleine is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

La Magdeleine

La Magdeleine is the name of two places in Europe:


La Magdeleine, Charente

La Magdeleine is a commune of 112 people (2018). It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Charente department in southwest France.

Intragna

Intragna is the name of two places in Europe:

Cantagallo, Tuscany

Cantagallo is a "comune" in the Province of Prato in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Carmignano

Carmignano is a "comune" in the Province of Prato in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Montemurlo

Montemurlo is a "comune" in the Province of Prato in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Poggio a Caiano

Poggio a Caiano is a "comune" in the Province of Prato in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Vaiano

Vaiano is a "comune" in the Province of Prato in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Vernio

Vernio is a "comune" in the Province of Prato in the Italian region of Tuscany.

The Saint (1997 movie)

The Saint is a 1997 American action romance movie directed by Phillip Noyce and starring Val Kilmer, Elisabeth Shue, Rade Šerbedžija, Valery Nikolaev, Alun Armstrong, Henry Goodman, Yevgeni Lazarev, Irina Apeksimova, Lev Prygunov, Charlotte Cronwell. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was based on the 1960's British television programme of the same name.


Klimt (movie)

Klimt is a 2006 Austrian French German British biographical drama movie directed by Raúl Ruiz and starring John Malkovich, Veronica Ferres, Stephen Dillane, Saffron Burrows, Sandra Ceccarelli, Nikolai Kinski, Aglaia Szyszkowitz, Joachim Bißmeier, Klaus Ofczarek.

Dendropsophus araguaya

The Dendropsophus araguaya is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Gauge (firearms)

The gauge (U.S. English) or bore (British English) is the inside width of the barrel of a firearm. 

So, a 12-bore shotgun could take a cartridge with a solid sphere of lead which fits a 12-guage bore. Actually, the gun fires a cartridge which looses off a cluster of small lead pellets. They in total weigh the same as the single lead sphere which just fits the barrel.

Lead is poisonous, and builds up in the environment. By 1919, the spent lead pellets from waterfowl hunting was identified as a major source of deaths of bottom-feeding waterfowl. So the tendency is to switch to steel pellets in the cartridge. Dense (heavy) plastic pellets in cartridges is another option, standard in competition shooting.

Rossana Di Bello

Rossana Di Bello (28 August 1956 – 10 April 2021) was an Italian politician. She was mayor of Taranto from 2000 to 2006.

Di Bello was of socialist extraction. In 1993, she founded the first Apulian club of Forza Italia in Taranto of which she became president in the same year. In 1995, she was elected Regional Councilor, and later appointed Regional Councilor for Tourism and Cultural Heritage, a position she held until 1998, when she was assigned the Regional Councilorship for Industry, Commerce and Crafts.

On 30 April 2000, Di Bello was elected mayor of Taranto with 57.5% of the votes in the ballot round. After Adriana Poli Bortone (mayor of Lecce in 1998), Rossana Di Bello is the second female mayor in Apulia, the first female mayor in the history of the city. She was reelected on 3 April 2005, obtaining 57.8% of the votes in the first round. On 18 February 2006, following the first degree sentence of one year and four months for abuse of office and false ideology in the investigation into the entrustment of the management of the city incinerator to the company Termomeccanica, she resigned from the office of mayor. She is then acquitted on appeal of all charges.

The extraordinary commissioner Tommaso Blonda, appointed in her place, declared the financial distress of the Municipality of Taranto. On 18 October, the Ionian city recorded a liability of 357 million euros. On 21 November 2006, the deputy prosecutor of the Court of Taranto asked for the indictment of the former mayor Rossana Di Bello and of other 32 people including former administrators and officials of the capital, accused in various ways of false ideological in public deed in relation to the draft and the approval of municipal budgets in the years from 2001 to 2005.

On 7 March 2007, Di Bello received another guarantee notice from the deputy public prosecutor Maurizio Carbone for abuse of office and fraud in the context of an investigation into the extension of municipal contracts. On 1 March 2011, she was acquitted by the court of Taranto for the crime of abuse of office and fraud on the procurement investigation that she was accused of due to lack of evidence.

Di Bello, who was married and had a daughter, died of COVID-19 on 10 April 2021 at the age of 64 in Taranto during the COVID-19 pandemic in Italy.

Clamecy, Nièvre

Clamecy is a commune. It is in the Nièvre department in central France.

Château-Chinon (Ville)

Château-Chinon (Ville) is a commune. It is in the Nièvre department in central France.

Château-Chinon (Campagne)

Château-Chinon (Campagne) is a commune. It is in the Nièvre department in central France.

Château-Chinon

Château-Chinon is the name of two communes of the Nièvre department in France:

Stonehenge of Manipur

The Stonehenge of Manipur, originally known as the Willong Khullen Megalith, is an ancient pre-historic megalith structural monument in the northern mountains of Manipur. Legend says the gigantic stone structures located at the site were originally erected by the forefathers of the present day tribesmen communities settling in the peripheral region.

Stonehenge (disambiguation)

Stonehenge may refer to:

Meitei death ceremony

According to Puya (Meitei texts), death (""shiba"" or ""siba"") is known as ""Thawai Hakchang Khainaba"" (Separation between soul and body). The ""Yaibi Thawai"" (soul or spirit) has no death, what dies is the body. When the soul leaves the body, the moment is called death. There are two ways of death: natural and unnatural.

The death ceremony in Meitei culture is called ""Pot-Loiba"" (Finishing of the body elements- fire, wind, water and earth). Accordingly, there are four kinds of Pot-Loiba, which are:


Shay Healy

Shay Healy (29 March 1943 – 10 April 2021) was an Irish songwriter, broadcaster and journalist. He was best known for his role as host of "Nighthawks", a RTÉ Television chat show. He was also known for composing "What's Another Year", Ireland's winning entry in the 1980 Eurovision Song Contest.

In 2004, Healy was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.


Judith Reisman

Judith Ann Reisman (; April 11, 1935 – April 9, 2021) was an American cultural conservative author. She was best known for her criticism of Alfred Kinsey. She was called the "founder of the modern anti-Kinsey movement". 



Deuterium–tritium fusion

Deuterium–tritium fusion is a type of nuclear fusion. In deuterium–tritium fusion, one deuterium nucleus, or the center of a deuterium atom, fuses with one tritium nucleus. This makes one helium nucleus, one neutron, and 17.6 mega electronvolts of energy.

Deuterium is easy to find in seawater. 1 in 5000 hydrogen atoms are deuterium. However, tritium is a radioactive isotope. If lithium is exposed to neutrons with much energy, tritium is produced. The deuterium–tritium reaction also produces one neutron. In fusion reactors, a 'breeding blanket' is used where the walls of the fusion reactor have lithium on them. This way, the neutrons produced from fusion will hit the lithium and produce more tritium.

Blaziert

Blaziert is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Blousson-Sérian

Blousson-Sérian is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Bonas

Bonas is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Boucagnères

Boucagnères is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Boulaur

Boulaur is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Bourrouillan

Bourrouillan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Bouzon-Gellenave

Bouzon-Gellenave is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Bretagne-d'Armagnac

Bretagne-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Le Brouilh-Monbert

Le Brouilh-Monbert is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Brugnens

Brugnens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Cabas-Loumassès

Cabas-Loumassès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Cadeilhan

Cadeilhan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Cadeillan

Cadeillan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Cahuzac-sur-Adour

Cahuzac-sur-Adour is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Caillavet

Caillavet is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Callian, Gers

Callian is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Campagne-d'Armagnac

Campagne-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Sauvy

Saint-Sauvy is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Fred Erdman

Frederik Erdman (13 August 1933 – 10 April 2021) was a Belgian lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Socialist Party. He was born in Antwerp, Belgium. He was a member of the Senate from 1991 until 1999. Erdman was also a member of the Chamber of Representatives from 1999 until 2003.

Erdman had a Jewish background. He died in Antwerp, aged 87.

István Bérczi

István Bérczi (1 July 1945 – 10 April 2021) was a Hungarian gymnast. He competed in eight events at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Bérczi died on 10 April 2021 from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 75.

Bruno Iwuoha

Chief Bruno Obinna Iwuoha (6 October 1952 — 10 April 2021) was a Nigerian actor. He won the Best Supporting Actor award at the 3rd Africa Movie Academy Awards for his performance in the movie "Sins of the Flesh".


Weißenburg in Bayern

Weißenburg in Bayern (; East Franconian: "Weizzenburch"; formerly also "Weißenburg im Nordgau") is a German town in Middle Franconia. It is the capital of Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen.

The Thomas Crown Affair (1968 movie)

The Thomas Crown Affair is a 1968 American romantic crime drama movie directed by Norman Jewison and starring Steve McQueen, Faye Dunaway, Jack Weston, Paul Burke, Biff McGuire, Addison Powell, Yaphet Kitto, Sidney Armus. It was distributed by United Artists and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards (Oscars) and won an Oscar in 1969. A remake was made in 1999 with the same title starring Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo.


Stereoisomerism

Stereoisomers are chemicals with the same atoms as each other but different shapes. Stereoisomers have the same molecular formula as each other but the atoms do not connect to each other in the same order. Stereoisomerism is also called "spatial isomerism." Stereoisomers are so unique because of spatial arrangements of atoms.

Enantiomers, are also called "optical isomers." Enantiomers are stereoisomers that are like mirror images of each other but can't be turned around or moved so that they are the same, the way a right hand and a left hand of the same person are mirror images of each other. Compounds that are enantiomers to each other have the same physical properties, except for the direction in which they rotate polarized light and how they interact with different optical isomers of other compounds. Pure enantiomers also have optical activity and can be separated only with the use of a chiral agent. An optically active compound shows two forms: -(+) form and -(−) form.

Wendy Raquel Robinson

Wendy Raquel Robinson (born July 25, 1967) is an American actress. She is well known for her roles as the high school principal Regina "Piggy" Grier in The WB's sitcom "The Steve Harvey Show" (1996–2002).

Robinson first started acting on an episode of the sitcom "Martin" in 1993. That same year, she guest-starred in the shows "Thea" and "The Sinbad Show".

Robinson played Tasha Mack. In 2014, she won an NAACP award for the role.

Robinson was born in Los Angeles, California.

King's Field: The Ancient City

King's Field: The Ancient City released in Japan and Europe as is a medieval-themed first-person role-playing video game. It is became the fourth game and final installment of "King's Field" series, and sequel to "King's Field III". Developed by FromSoftware, and published by Agetec (American version) while Metro 3D release this game in Europe. Released exclusive for PlayStation 2.


John Parratt

John Parratt may refer to:

Convicted Woman

Convicted Woman is a 1940 American crime movie directed by Nick Grinde and starring Glenn Ford, Rochelle Hudson, Frieda Inescort, June Lang, Lorna Gray, Iris Meredith, Esther Dale. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Rollerball (1975 movie)

Rollerball is a 1975 British American science fiction movie directed by Norman Jewison and was based on the 1973 short story "Roller Ball Murder" by William Harrison. It stars James Caan, John Houseman, Maud Adams, Moses Gunn, Pamela Hensley, John Normington, Barbara Trentham, Burt Kwouk, Ralph Richardson and was distributed by United Artists. It was remade in 2002.


Kollywood

Kollywood or K-town is a nickname for the movie industry in Nepal. It is named after Kathmandu and Hollywood. The first Nepali film was "Aama" ("Mother"). This was the black and white film.

Captain Fracassa's Journey

Captain Fracassa's Journey () is a 1990 Italian comedy movie directed by Ettore Scola and is based on the 1863 novel "Captain Fracasse" by Théophile Gautier. It stars Vincent Perez, Emmanuelle Béart, Massimo Troisi, Ornella Muti, Lauretta Masiero, Toni Ucci, Massimo Wertmüller.

Palos Township, Cook County, Illinois

Palos Township is one of 29 townships in Cook County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2020 census, 56,836 people lived here.

Latin Extended-A

Latin Extended-A is a Unicode block. The block has characters of letters with diacritics. This block was named European Latin in the first version.

They are used by languages "other than English". The symbols usually show a change in sound, but in some cases (circumflex in French) they signal a (historic) change in spelling. The general purpose of diacritics is disambiguation of sounds. This reflects the fact that the alphabet has many fewer letters than sounds.

Dendropsophus luteoocellatus

The El Mene Treefrog ("Dendropsophus luteoocellatus") is a frog that lives in Venezuela and French Guiana.

Bellaire, Texas

Bellaire is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

2017 Brussels summit

The 2017 Brussels summit was the 28th official meeting of NATO leaders, head of states and heads of government. The place the summit was held in was Brussels, Belgium on 25 May 2017.
There were many different plans from different countries on what they wanted to speak about with the other members, with leaders from Southern Europe being worried about the security of North Africa and the Middle East, as well as being worried about the European migrant crisis. However, Eastern European member nation governments were more worried about Russia's policies towards them. President of the United States Donald Trump heavily asked all NATO members meet an agreement made in 2014 that said the countries in NATO should spend at least two percent of their GDP on defense.

Ouhoumoudou Mahamadou

Ouhoumoudou Mahamadou (born 1954) is a Nigerien politician. He was the 15th Prime Minister of Niger, from 3 April 2021 until 27 July 2023.

Gunzenhausen

Gunzenhausen (; ) is a town in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Altmühl, northwest of Weißenburg in Bayern, and southwest of Nuremberg. Gunzenhausen is a nationally recognized recreation area. It is noted as being at one end of part of The Limes Germanicus, a Roman border wall, and a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Gunzenhausen is twinned with:

Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias

Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias were an English comedy rock band. They were formed in Manchester, England in 1973.

Their story is told in CP Lee's book "When We Were Thin" . The name of the band is a corruption of the Latin American band "Alberto y Los Trios Paraguayos".

Created in 1973 by Chris "C.P." Lee (vocals, guitar, bass), with Jimmy Hibbert (vocals, bass) and Bob Harding (vocals, guitar, bass, keyboards), the comedy sketch outfit became a musical group in 1974 and was joined by drummer Bruce Mitchell (drums), with Les Prior (vocals), Simon White (steel guitar, guitar) and Tony Bowers (vocals, bass, guitar). They became a popular support act, supporting Dr. Feelgood on their 1974 tour. The group mercilessly parodied the major rock names of the 1970s – "Anadin" was a sendup of Lou Reed's "Heroin". By 1975 they were topping the bill in their own right and were supported by such acts as The Police, The Stranglers, Devo, Ian Dury and the Blockheads, The Buzzcocks, Joy Division, The Cure, The Jam, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Robyn Hitchcock, Split Enz and Blondie. They were promoted by Noddy Holder and Freddie Mercury. As with many comedy ensembles, the Albertos belied their comic aspirations by their exemplary musicianship, and they released four albums and a variety of spoof discs, culminating in the musical play, "Snuff Rock".

"Sleak (aka Snuff Rock)", inspired by the then recent film, "Snuff", and the concept of snuff movies, but carrying the idea to a band who killed themselves for entertainment, was their musical play presented at London's Royal Court Theatre and Round House and was famous for the role of the comic disc jockey played by Les Prior. They reached the UK Singles Chart with the accompanying EP, "Snuff Rock", released on Stiff Records, poked fun at the punk rock phenomenon, targeting the Sex Pistols ("Gobbing On Life"), The Damned ("Kill") and The Clash ("Snuffin' Like That") as well as myriad reggae bands in "Snuffin' In A Babylon". Tony Bowers and Bob Harding left the band on 29 July 1978, and they were replaced by John Scott (vocals, bass, guitar, saxophone, keyboards) (ex John Cooper Clarke and Jilted John) and Ged Green (vocals, guitar, bass, keyboards) in August 24, 1978. They reached the UK Singles Chart with the Status Quo spoof, "Heads Down No Nonsense Mindless Boogie" in 1978. Les Prior died in January 31, 1980 from leukaemia, which left a large gap in the group. Ged Green left the band in April 25, 1980, he was replaced by Ian Morris ("Mog") (vocals, bass) (ex The Smirks) in May 23, 1980.

After their nationally networked TV show "Teach Yourself Gibberish", their fourth and final album with "Radio Sweat" and crack at America with Sleak (they met with Oingo Boingo, Joan Jett and Pete Shelley in New York, who were saw their show, at the time), the Albertos disbanded in 1982.

The band's brand of spoof rock has been said to be in the same English tradition as that of the Barron Knights and the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band, but a better comparison might be the American parody singer Weird Al Yankovic.



(* Non-album tracks)


Turkish coffee

Turkish coffee is probably the original way of making coffee. It is a way of making coffee using ground coffee beans without filtering it. The way to make Turkish coffee is by pouring hot water into a pot containing ground coffee beans or coffee powder. Turkish coffee was popularized during the Ottoman Empire. Mocha, Yemen is a city that was used to ship most of the coffee beans, which originally came from Ethiopia. For this reason, Turkish coffee is sometimes called Mocca. 

Similar versions are also made in Czechia, Slovakia, Poland, Lithuania, Greece, Armenia and the Balkans.

Turkish coffee first appeared in the Ottoman Empire. The coffee was considered a drug and it was forbidden to drink it. But, because it was very popular the sultan eventually lifted this prohibition.

Turkish coffee had reached Britain and France by the 17th century. The first coffee house in Britain was opened by an Ottoman Jew in the mid 17th century.

To make Turkish coffee, ground coffee beans are used. The ground coffee beans is mixed with water and boiled. It is boiled in a special pot called "cezve" in Turkey. After it boils it is taken off the heat and served. The coffee is traditionally served in a small porcelain cup called a "kahve fincanı" 'coffee cup'. Sometimes sugar is added to the coffee to make it taste sweet.


Russian Spaniel

The Russian Spaniel is a medium sized gundog of the spaniel type which was developed in the Soviet Union after World War II.

There were some English Springer Spaniels and English Cocker Spaniels imported into Russia in the early 20th century, these were cross bred with other Russian hunting dogs and this breed was made official there in 1951.

Any lot of mixes of colours is allowed in this breed, but they are mostly brown and white, black and white, red and white or tri-coloured. They look a lot like their English Springer Spaniel cousins.

Russian Spaniels are usually very gentle with people and other dogs. Like all spaniels they need a lot of exercise. As they are bred to be hunting dogs, care should be taken when they are around other small animals like rabbits and birds.

Le Pecq

Le Pecq is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. It is in the western suburbs of Paris, from the center. 15,949 people lived here in 2018.

Imagine (3D modeling software)

Imagine could do more than all other 3D modeling and ray tracing programs. It came out for the Amiga and later MS-DOS and Microsoft Windows. It was created by Impulse, Inc. It uses the .iob extension for its objects. Imagine is based on TurboSilver, which was also for the Amiga and made by Impulse. CAD-Technologies continued distributing the Amiga version. Starting with version 5.1, current customers could get new updates for free in the Amiga Constant Upgrade Program (ACUP) until Imagine 6.0, which never came out.




Chelles, Seine-et-Marne

Chelles is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France. It is in the eastern suburbs of Paris, from the center. 55,148 people lived here in 2018.

Choisy-le-Roi

Choisy-le-Roi is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Ablon-sur-Seine

Ablon-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Alfortville

Alfortville is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Arcueil

Arcueil is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

The Doctor and the Devils

The Doctor and the Devils is a 1985 British horror movie directed by Freddie Francis and starring Timothy Dalton, Jonathan Pryce, Twiggy, David Bamber, Nichola McAuliffe, Julian Sands, Stephen Rea, Patrick Stewart, Phyllis Logan, Stephen Yardley, Dermot Crowley, Simon Shepherd, Shaun Curry, Beryl Reid, Siân Phillips, Rachel Herbert. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Cachan

Cachan is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

Nogent-sur-Marne

Nogent-sur-Marne is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France.

L'Haÿ-les-Roses

L'Haÿ-les-Roses is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France. It is in the southern suburbs of Paris, from the center. 31,417 people lived here in 2018.

The Roseraie du Val-de-Marne is here.


Aguirre, the Wrath of God

Aguirre, the Wrath of God (; ) is a 1972 German-Mexican-Peruvian historical drama movie directed by Werner Herzog and starring Klaus Kinski, Helena Rojo, Ruy Guerra, Del Negro, Peter Berling.


The Secret of Bacchus

The Secret of Bacchus () is a 1984 Romanian comedy movie directed by Geo Saizescu and starring Cristina Stamate, Emil Hossu, Ștefan Mihăilescu-Brăila, Dem Rădulescu, Gheorghe Dinică, Sebastian Papaiani, Jean Constantin, Octavian Cotescu.

The Entity

The Entity is a 1982 American psychological horror movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and was based on the 1978 novel of the same name by Frank De Felitta. It stars Barbara Hershey, Ron Silver, David Labiosa, George Coe, Alex Rocco, Margaret Blye, Allan Rich and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Arabian plate

The Arabian Plate is a tectonic plate It is bounded from the northwest by a left-lateral transform fault boundary, called the Dead Sea Rift, that extends from the northern end of the Red Sea to the Taurus Mountains in southern Turkey through the Dead Sea.

True Colors (1991 movie)

True Colors is a 1991 American drama movie directed by Herbert Ross and starring James Spader, John Cusack, Imogen Stubbs, Richard Widmark, Mandy Patinkin, Paul Guilfoyle. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The Leopard (movie)

The Leopard (, "The Serval"; alternative title: "Le Guépard", "The Cheetah") is a 1963 Italian French drama movie directed by Luchino Visconti and was based on the 1958 novel of the same name by Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa. It stars Burt Lancaster, Alain Delon, Claudia Cardinale, Paolo Stoppa, Terence Hill, Ottavia Piccolo, Ida Galli, Ivo Garrani, Rina Morelli, Romolo Valli and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1964.


Hiroshi Inuzuka

Hiroshi Inuzuka (born 23 March 1929 – 27 October 2023) was a Japanese actor and bass player. He is a member of Hajime Hana and The Crazy Cats. He was the last survivor of the group. The only member of Crazy Cats to have survived to the Reiwa era. His nickname was Wan-chan, which means "Mister Dog" in English. He also worked as a talent agent at the Sakai Office.

Inuzuka grew up in Ōmorimachi, Ebara-gun, Tokyo (now Omori, Ota-ku, Tokyo) in 1929. He was originally from a Hatamoto family who left from the Mikawa Province to Edo with Tokugawa Ieyasu They were landowners who lived in the area of the current main building of the Daiichi Hotel Tokyo for more than ten generations until his grandfather's generation.

His father, Noboru (1894-1983), was a merchant and worked extensively abroad, so Inuzuka became familiar with jazz and Hawaiian records, which developed an interest in music. After graduating from the Hyosung Junior High School and Army Flight School, he attended and graduated from the College of Social Sciences, Bunka Gakuin in 1949. After being introduced by an American exchange student who was friends with his father and was in the commercial business, Inuzuka joined IBM (International Business Machines Corporation), which was conducting a statistical survey of expeditionary forces at the time, but left the company two years after the presenter returned to Japan. He left the company because many American workers bullied him and called him names.

After leaving IBM, he joined the Hawaiian band Green Glass Cap Boys, created by his older brother in 1951. His brother told him to play the bass. Inuzuka took private lessons in the basics with the director of the Japan Philharmonic Orchestra. That is why it has become a variant of the bass jazz bow. In 1952, he joined Tetsuaki Hagiwara and Duke Octet at the invitation of Teruo Yoda of Six Lemons. He started playing modern jazz. However, Inuzuka felt something that was unfamiliar with the jazzy style of those days, and at the invitation of Hajime Hana, who used to come to the dressing room at the time, he began participating in the formation of "Hajime Hana and Cuban Cats",which became Crazy Cats on April 1, 1955.

His main instrument was the wooden double bass. After that, while appearing in television and movies as a member of the group, he also starred in Daiei as "The Fourth Man" along with Hitoshi Ueki, Hajime Hana, and Kei Tani. However, Inuzuka, who says, "Basically, I don't like antics," has appeared more often in non-comedies since 1970, and became engrossed in the theater when Jukichi Uno and Koichi Kimura taught him drama. Inuzuka then started thinking about transferring to Watanabe Productions, the multimedia management company. After the current office was approved in the 10th negotiation, he left production in 1986. At that time, the president of Watanabe Productions, Shin Watanabe, even said to Inuzuka the day before he left, "If you have difficulties, come back to the studio."

He was especially close to Kei Tani due to Shimodo's similarity. When the other members went out into town at night, the remaining two spent time making cards and story material. Even if they met for the first time in a long time, they could understand everything just by looking at each other. At the farewell party after his death, Inuzuka read the condolences. Even when Êtarô Ishibashi, who is also a first-grade senior at Hyosung Junior High School, left the group and headed for his cooking career, which he's really good at it, Inuzuka cheered him on by saying "Oy, it's a fish that It has water", and Shin Yasuda, the youngest member of the group, always said "with me" Mr. Ahn, " respectfully. Similarly, he praised Senri Sakurai saying, "When Bandman's average monthly salary was ¥40,000, Mr. Sakurai was ¥180,000, but no one ridiculed him." Regarding the death of Ueki in 2007, he commented: "It is too early to be 80 years old today." Even Kei Tani, whose memory has deteriorated, is behind the camera with his own dial, and Hajime Hana is angry that he was suddenly called his real name, Hirom, in the production of "Shabontama Holiday". In 1980, when Hajime Hana sent a bouquet to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the formation of Crazy Cats, he called Hajime Hana, saying, "Idiot Sadao, do something extra," and there was a story that they cried between them.

The silhouette of the man who plays the guitar from "Stardust" at the end of the show was Inuzuka himself. He also played variety characters like Jinbesu in ""Operation Crazy"", Hiroku in ""Baka ga tanku de yatte kuru"" and private detective Inumaru in ""Kureji no buchamukure daihakken"". In November 2012, Senri Sakurai died and Inuzuka became the last surviving member of the band.

Not only as a musician but also as an actor. Inuzuka was active even after the age that he is said to be a great veteran, but his wife died around 2015, and he himself turned 90 years old and suffered from spinal canal stenosis and other diseases. He announced his intention to retire as an actor at the end of the film "Labyrinth of Cinema" (directed by Nobuhiko Obayashi) scheduled to be released in 2020, saying that his body was stuck as he was affected by the disease. However, this is only a retirement as an actor, not as an artist or comedian. As of 2019, Inuzuka led a retired life in a condo for the elderly in Atami City, Shizuoka Prefecture.
Hiroshi Inuzuka died at the age of 94 on 27 October, 2023. With his death, all members of Crazy Cats have passed away.

Alfredo Borrero

Alfredo Enrique Borrero Vega (born 19 October 1955) is an Ecuadorian neurosurgeon and politician. He was the 52nd vice president of Ecuador from 24 May 2021 until 23 November 2023. Borrero Vega was the running mate of Guillermo Lasso and they would win the 2021 election. He is a member of the Creating Opportunities.

Expanding bullet

Expanding bullets are bullets that expand (grow bigger) when they hit something. They are outlawed in war.

Mount Kailash

Mount Kailash is a mountain in the Gangdise Shan mountain range in Tibet. Mount Kailash is also known as Kangrinboqe and Gongdisi Shan.

In Hinduism and Buddhism, Kailash, or Mt. Meru, is sacred. Hindus believe Kailash is the home of Lord Shiva and his wife Parvati and sons Ganesh and Kartikeya. Hindus believe that it is impossible to climb to Kailash, but every year pilgrims come to Tibet to walk around it. The Tibetan people believe that people should not climb Mount Kailash. It is believed to have never been climbed.

Johnny Stecchino

Johnny Stecchino is a 1991 Italian comedy movie directed by Roberto Benigni (who also stars) and also starring Nicoletta Braschi, Paolo Bonacelli, Franco Volpi, Ivano Marescotti, Salvatore Borghese.

License to Drive

License to Drive is a 1988 American comedy movie directed by Greg Beeman and starring Corey Haim, Corey Feldman, Carol Kane, James Avery, Heather Graham, Richard Masur, Nina Siemaszko, Michael Ensign. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Ee, Netherlands

Ee () is a village in the Dutch province of Friesland. In 2020, 860 people lived there.

Before 2019, the village was part of the municipality of Dongeradeel. It is part of the new municipality of Noardeast-Fryslân.

Ee is the shortest place name in the Netherlands.

Careful, He Might Hear You

Careful, He Might Hear You is a 1983 Australian drama movie directed by Carl Schultz and was based on the 1963 novel of the same name by Sumner Locke Elliott. It stars Wendy Hughes, Robyn Nevin, Nicholas Gledhill and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Machy, Somme

Machy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fresnoy-au-Val

Fresnoy-au-Val is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Scottsbluff, Nebraska

Scottsbluff is a city in Scotts Bluff County, Nebraska.

Oscar (1991 movie)

Oscar is a 1991 American comedy movie directed by John Landis and is the second version of the play of the same name by Claude Magnier. It stars Sylvester Stallone, Marisa Tomei, Ornella Muti, Tim Curry, Chazz Palminteri, Don Ameche, Vincent Spano, Harry Shearer, Eddie Bracken, Linda Gray, Kirk Douglas, Joey Travolta and was distributed by Buena Vista Pictures.


The Favorite

The Favorite (also titled Intimate Power) is a 1989 Swiss American drama movie directed by Jack Smight and starring F. Murray Abraham, Maud Adams, Amber O'Shea, Ron Dortch, James Michael Gregary, Francesco Quinn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Nokia 8800

The Nokia 8800 was a mobile phone. It runs the operating system and is manufactured by Nokia. It had a stainless steel case, equipped with a scratch-resistant screen, and a weight of 134 grams. Its sophisticated slide mechanism used premium ball bearings that were made by a high-performance part manufacturer.

The Nokia 8800 used 900 MHz and 1900 MHz frequencies and was first introduced on 7 April 2005. It was available in the United Kingdom in October 2005 on the O2 mobile phone network. The Nokia 8801 was introduced in North America.


The 8800 comes with two BL-5X (600 mAh) batteries. 

The Nokia 8800 Sirocco Edition (8800 redesigned in "gold" and "queen black"), was released in 2006. This version of this phone has a 2-megapixel camera and a slightly updated keypad layout. The phone frame was slightly modified to include an upgraded 700mAH BP-6X battery. It has ringtones created by well-known electronic musician Brian Eno.

In early 2007, Nokia released the 24-carat gold-plated version of the 8800 Sirocco, which became the most expensive phone (RRP $2,049.00) in Nokia's shop of cell phone models up until the newest generation of mobile phones.

The Nokia 8800 Arte is an updated version of the 8800. It has a 2.0-inch scratch-resistant OLED screen, a 3.15 MP camera with autofocus, and comes in four different models:


Hosteria La Selva tree frog

The Hosteria La Selva tree frog or ranita arbórea de Miyata ("Dendropsophus miyatai") is a frog that lives in Ecuador, Peru and Colombia. Scientists have seen it as high as 300 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 16.3 to 18.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 20 to 21 mm long. This frog is bright red in color with some yellow, orange and red spots.

Villefranche-de-Panat

Villefranche-de-Panat is a commune in the Aveyron department. It is in southern France.


Villefranche-de-Lauragais

Villefranche-de-Lauragais is a commune of 4,662 people (2018). It is in Occitanie in the Haute-Garonne department in southwest France.

Vera Bergkamp

Vera Alida Bergkamp (born 1 June 1971) is a Dutch politician. She is a member of Democrats 66 (D66) and has been president of the House of Representatives since April 2021.

Bergkamp studied human resource management at the Amsterdam University of Applied Sciences and public administration and political science at the Free University Amsterdam.

She had several jobs in the field of organization and management, among other things as a human resource manager at the Social Insurance Bank. Besides, she was chairwoman of LGBT rights organization COC Netherlands.

From March 2010 to September 2012, she was a member of district council Amsterdam Centre.

On 20 September 2012, she was sworn in into the House of Representatives. As an MP she is engaged in long-term care, COVID-19, regulation of hemp cultivation, and family law, especially LGBT rights.

On 7 April 2021, she was elected president of the House of Representatives, defeating incumbent president Khadija Arib (Labour Party) and challenger Martin Bosma (Party for Freedom).

Vera Bergkamp is from paternal side of Moroccan origin and was born and is still living in Amsterdam. She is a lesbian and married to a woman; together they two daughters.


Yellow-green algae

Yellow-green algae are the Xanthophyceae (xanthophytes).

They are a group of heterokont algae. Most live in fresh water, but some live in marine and soil habitats. They vary from single-celled flagellates to simple colonial and filamentous forms.

Xanthophyte chloroplasts contain the photosynthetic pigments chlorophyll "a", chlorophyll "c", β-carotene, and the carotenoid diadinoxanthin.

Unlike other heterokonts, their chloroplasts do not have fucoxanthin, which accounts for their lighter colour. Xanthophyte cell walls are made of cellulose and hemicellulose. They may be the closest relatives of the brown algae.

Borogovia

Borogovia (meaning borogove, which is a fictional creature from Lewis Carroll's "Jabberwocky") is a Troodontid from late Cretaceous Mongolia. It lived from 70 to 65 million years ago. It was about 6.6 feet (2 meters) long and weighed about as much as a beaver.  It is known from hind-limb material, and thought by some to be a species of Saurornithoides. It had a similar appearance to that of the Dromaeosauridaes.

Ivan Bunin

Ivan Bunin (22 October 1870 – 8 November 1953) was a Russian writer who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1939. He was awarded the prize "for the strict artistry with which he has carried on the classical Russian traditions in prose writing." He also received the Pushkin Prize in 1903 and 1909. He wrote famous short novels including "The Village" and "Dry Valley". During the 1917 Russian Revolution, he left Russia to live in Paris. He died of a heart attack in 1953 in Paris. 

Cort Guitars

Cort Guitars is a well known company that produces guitars, basses, and ukuleles. These are sold all over the world. The founder is Jung-gyu Park. The company is one of the largest guitar makers in the world.

Meitei folktales

Meitei folktales or Manipuri folktales refer to the large collection of folk stories developed from the Meitei culture since Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). These are the lion's share in the large tradition of the Meitei folklore. Folktales are called "funga wari" ("phunga wari"), literally meaning ""stories of kitchen furnace or stove"" in Manipuri (Meitei). In early times, in the Meitei households, children must have gathered around the kitchen fire, listening to the stories narrated by the elders. Generally, Meitei folktales were developed from the creativity of the old folks, especially the grandparents, who narrated the children the diverse sagas of varying genres.
This is a list of the stories from the "Funga Wari" (literally, "folktales"), a book on Meitei folklore, published by the "Naharol Khorjei Thaugallup Jaribon".
There are numerous folk stories, mainly fables, from Meitei folklore, compiled by B. Jayantakumar Sharma in the book "Fungawari Singbul".
Here is a list of the folk stories from the book:



Khuman dynasty

The Khuman dynasty () is one of the seven ruling clan dynasties in Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). It was subjugated under the Ningthouja dynasty in the end of the 14th century AD. The theory of the formation of the Khuman dynasty has both historic as well as mythical aspects. It was one of the three most powerful dynasties, the others being Ningthouja dynasty (Mangang dynasty) and Luwang dynasty.


Scleromitrion verticillatum

Scleromitrion verticillatum is a perennial plant that grows in Taiwan.

S.verticillatum (L.) R.J.Wang

Luwang dynasty

The Luwang dynasty () is one of the seven ruling clan dynasties in Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). The people of the Luwang ancestry forms one of the subsection of the present day Meitei ethnicity. It is one of the three most powerful dynasties, the others being Ningthouja dynasty and Khuman dynasty.

Ningthouja dynasty

The Ningthouja dynasty (; ) or the Mangang dynasty () is one of the longest ruling clan dynasties in the world. It is the most powerful ruling dynasty in the long history of Manipur kingdom, starting its power from 33 AD and ended in 1972 AD. It was founded by Emperor Nongta Lailen Pakhangpa, whose identity is often mingled with that of Pakhangpa, the serpentine dragon god of Meitei mythology and religion. The Ningthouja dynasty was one of the three most powerful dynasties, the others being Luwang dynasty and Khuman dynasty.

Two hundred fifty-sixth note

The two hundred fifty-sixth note (also called a demisemihemidemisemiquaver) is a note which, has a value of of a whole note. In musical notation it has 6 flags or beams. This is a rare type of note and is rarely seen in musical pieces. Its mainly used in slow pieces of music and are used for a fast section without changing the slow tempo. One example, is when they occur in some editions of the second movement ("Largo") of Beethoven's Third Piano Concerto (Op. 37) (1800), to notate fast scales.

Bunny Girl

A Bunny girl is a character that wears a "bunny suit" costume. The costume has a strapless corset teddy, bunny ears, black sheer-to-waist pantyhose, a bow tie, a collar, cuffs and a fluffy cottontail. The costume originated in Playboy clubs, as was the costume is inspired by the tuxedo-wearing playboy rabbit mascot.

The outfit had gained some traction in Japan in which the outfit is simply called the "Bunny girl outfit", and the outfit can also be seen in some anime and manga titles. However, there is some decline.

Whole note

The whole note (also called a semibreve) is a note that is used in musical notation. This note has a value of four beats in formula_1 time. It does not have a note stem unlike most other common notes.

Half note

The half note (also called a minim) is a note that is the value of a whole note and double the value of a quarter note. In the formula_1 time signature it will be two beats long.

Eighth note

The eighth note (also called a quaver) is a note used in musical notation. It is the duration of a whole note (semibreve), which is where it gets its name. In the formula_1 time signature it has a length of of a beat.

Mangang Luwang Khuman

Mangang Luwang Khuman is the triple deity of supreme divinity in Sanamahism, the Meitei religion. The three deities are Mangang Sitapa, Luwang Sitapa and Khuman Sitapa. They are also regarded as the progenitors of the Mangang dynasty, the Luwang dynasty and the Khuman dynasty, the three of the seven ruling clan dynasties of Antique Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur).

Mangang, Luwang and Khuman were distinguished by the passionate love for God and self abnegation. This feeling of self effacing love for God as the only ultimate means of realisation and salvation formed the basis of early Meitei religion.
They are represented by the specific divisions of a body, Mangang by head, Luwang by torso and Khuman by tail.

During the Hinduinisation of the entire Meitei ethnicity in the 18th century AD, the ideology and concepts of these three deities were mingled up with some Hindu elements. They were made equivalents to three of the nine Hindu Gotras, Mangang with ""Aitereya"", Luwang with ""Kashyap"" and Khuman with ""Madhugalya"". With the addition of the Sanskrit (Indo-Aryan) term "Guru" to each name of the three deities, they were mentioned in the evening prayers, as Mangang Guru, Luwang Guru and Khuman Guru.

Cannet

Cannet is a former commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France. On 1 January 2019, it became a part of the commune of Riscle.


Riscle

Riscle is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France. On 1 January 2019, the former commune of Cannet became a part of Riscle.


Castelnau-d'Auzan

Castelnau-d'Auzan is a former commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Castelnau-d'Auzan-Labarrère.


Castelnau-d'Auzan-Labarrère

Castelnau-d'Auzan-Labarrère is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Castelnau-d'Auzan (the seat) and Labarrère.


Labarrère

Labarrère is a former commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Castelnau-d'Auzan-Labarrère.


Foreskin restoration

Foreskin restoration is used by men who are circumcised and unhappy with it. There are two methods. One is doing surgery. The other is stretching the skin on the shaft of the penis with a special foreskin stretcher.

Habibullah Bahar College

Habibullah Bahar College () is a college in Dhaka city, Bangladesh. It was founded in 1969. Habibullah Bahar College is located at Shantinagar, at the mid of Dhaka city.
It is a university college. This college offers honours and master's degree on 27 subjects under the National University. This college has an area of . There are five multi-storeyed buildings, one twelve-storied building, two eight-storied building, in addition to various other buildings in the compound.


Habibullah Bahar College has multiple organ for co curricular activity.


Cassaigne

Cassaigne is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ministry of Economic Development, Trade and Agriculture of Ukraine

Ministry of Economic Development, Trade and Agriculture of Ukraine — ministry, central executive body of Ukraine.

Ministry of Economic Development, Trade and Agriculture of Ukraine — a new name, which was given on August 29, 2019 to the Ministry of Economic Development and Trade of Ukraine.

Forms and implements state policy in the fields of economy, trade and agriculture. It is also responsible for the implementation of state policy on business development, regulation of pricing policy (except for registration of legal entities and individuals — entrepreneurs), public procurement, tourism and development of the defense industry.

The Ministry is the central body of executive power, the activities of which are directed and coordinated by the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine.

The Ministry is part of the system of executive bodies and is the main body in the system of central executive bodies for the formation and implementation of state policy of economic and social development, price, industrial, investment, foreign economic policy, state policy in trade, state regional policy, state policy on issues of business development, technical regulation (standardization, metrology, certification, quality management) and consumer protection, as well as interdepartmental coordination on economic and social cooperation of Ukraine with the European Union.

The Ministry of Economic Development of Ukraine is a specially authorized body in the field of public procurement, metrology, public-private partnership, state regulatory policy, licensing, licensing system in the field of economic activity, state defense procurement.

Minister

The Ministry is headed by Minister Ihor Rostyslavovych Petrashko.

Deputy Ministers

State Secretary of the Ministry: Marievich Konstantin Mikhailovich.

Castelnau-d'Anglès

Castelnau-d'Anglès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Castelnau-d'Arbieu

Castelnau-d'Arbieu is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Castelnau-sur-l'Auvignon

Castelnau-sur-l'Auvignon is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Castelnavet

Castelnavet is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Carolina Reaper

The Carolina Reaper is a hybrid plant made up of a habanero and ghost pepper (which is made up of a habanero and Capsicum frutescens). It was developed by South Carolina breeder Ed Currie. It is known for being one of the spiciest peppers, reaching 2,200,000 SHU on average.

Wonder Boys (movie)

Wonder Boys is a 2000 American British German Japanese comedy-drama movie directed by Curtis Hanson and is based on the 1995 novel of the same name by Michael Chabon. It stars Michael Douglas, Tobey Maguire, Frances McDormand, Robert Downey Jr., Katie Holmes, Rip Torn, Richard Knox, Jane Adams, Michael Cavadias, Richard Thomas, Alan Tudyk and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. The movie won 1 Oscar and was nominated for two Academy Awards in 2001. It also won 1 and was nominated for three Golden Globes in 2001.


Columbus, Nebraska

Columbus is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Platte County.

York, Nebraska

York is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of York County.

Five Weeks in a Balloon (movie)

Five Weeks in a Balloon is a 1962 American historical adventure movie directed by Irwin Allen and is loosely based on the 1863 novel of the same name by Jules Verne. It stars Red Buttons, Fabian, Barbara Eden, Cedric Hardwicke, Peter Lorre, Richard Haydn, BarBara Luna, Billy Gilbert, Herbert Marshall, Reginald Owen and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Bellevue, Nebraska

Bellevue is a city in Sarpy County, Nebraska.

Grand Island, Nebraska

Grand Island is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Hall County.

La Vista, Nebraska

La Vista is a city in Sarpy County, Nebraska. La Vista had 16,746 people in 2020.

Piobesi Torinese

Piobesi Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cirié

Cirié is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Orio Canavese

Orio Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Pabianice

Pabianice is a town in Łódź Voivodeship in Poland. In 2019, 64,757 people lived there.

Wattrelos

Wattrelos is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Leers

Leers is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Beaufort-en-Santerre

Beaufort-en-Santerre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Leinfelden-Echterdingen

Leinfelden-Echterdingen (Swabian: "Lãẽfelde-Echderdenge" or "Laefälda-Ächdordeng", regional dialect: "Laefälda-Ächdordenga") is a town in the district of Esslingen. 

Neuhausen auf den Fildern

Neuhausen auf den Fildern ( ]; or "Nuihouse") is a municipality in Esslingen, a district ("Landkreis)" in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.

Reichenbach an der Fils

Reichenbach an der Fils () is a municipality in Esslingen, a district "(Landkreis)" in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.


Neuffen

Neuffen () is a town in Esslingen, a district "(Landkreis)" in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.

Nürtingen

Nürtingen ( ]; ; Swabian: "Nirdeng" ]; High German: "Nirdenga") is a town on the Neckar. It is in Esslingen, a district "(Landkreis)" in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. 


Friday Night Dinner

Friday Night Dinner is a British television sitcom written and produced by Robert Popper. It stars Tamsin Greig, Paul Ritter, Simon Bird, Tom Rosenthal and Mark Heap. The series aired from 2011-2020 on Channel 4. The first series of the show was nominated for Best Situation Comedy at the BAFTAs in 2012.

"Friday Night Dinner" follows the Jewish middle-class Goodman family as they have Shabbat dinner. The family is made up of the mother Jackie Goodman (Tamsin Greig), father Martin (Paul Ritter), elder son and musician Adam (Simon Bird), and younger son and estate agent Jonny (Tom Rosenthal). The show depicts the numerous interruptions to their dinner. These disruptions are often caused by the sons playing pranks on each other or by their neighbour, Jim (Mark Heap).


Ostfildern

Ostfildern () is a town in Esslingen, a district "(Landkreis)" in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.


The Dead Zone (movie)

The Dead Zone is a 1983 American science fiction thriller movie directed by David Cronenberg and was based on the 1979 novel of the same name by Stephen King. It stars Christopher Walken, Tom Skerritt, Brooke Adams, Herbert Lom, Anthony Zerbe, Colleen Dewhurst, Martin Sheen and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Dead Ringers (movie)

Dead Ringers is a 1988 Canadian American psychological thriller movie directed by David Cronenberg and was based on the novel "Twins" by Bari Wood and Jack Geasland. It stars Jeremy Irons, Geneviève Bujold, Shirley Douglas, Stephen Lack, Jill Hennessy, Jacqueline Hennessy and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Owen, Germany

Owen (; ]; or "Aoe") is a town in Esslingen, a district ("Landkreis)" in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.

Sylvain Garant

Sylvain Garant was a French racecar driver. He was born on June 29, 1925 in Palaiseau, and died June 6, 1993 in Clearwater, Florida in the United States. He raced in rallies and on circuits for sports cars in the Grand Tourism type, by profession tour operator (OTOM agency).

He raced in the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1972 in the Porsche belonging to Mickael Keyser in Grand Touring class for Louis Meznarie team, then finishing 13th, notably being associated with the future winner of the event Jürgen Barth their 911S 2.5L Flat- 6 was then first in the GTS -3L. Category, and the only one to finish the race.

Lagos Island

Lagos Island ("Ìsàlẹ̀ Èkó") is the principal and central local government area (LGA) in Lagos, Lagos State. It is part of the Lagos Division. As of the preliminary 2006 Nigerian census, the LGA had a population of 209,437 in an area of 8.7 km². The LGA only covers the western half of Lagos Island; the eastern half is simply referred to as Lagos Island East LCDA.

Say Anything...

Say Anything... is a 1989 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by first time director Cameron Crowe and starring John Cusack, Ione Skye, John Mahoney, Lili Taylor, Polly Platt, Pamela Adlon, Chynna Phillips, Eric Stoltz, Jeremy Piven, Jason Gould, Bebe Neuwirth. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Fly (1986 movie)

The Fly is a 1986 American British Canadian science fiction horror movie directed by David Cronenberg (who also stars) and is the second movie based on the 1957 short story of the same name by George Langelaan. It also stars Jeff Goldblum, Geena Davis, John Getz, Joy Boushel, Leslie Carson and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It won an Academy Award in 1987.


Vladimir Markovnikov

Vladimir Vasilyevich Markovnikov was a Russian chemist.

Markovnikov studied economics at the University of Kazan and also studied chemistry.

Markovnikov began his career at University where he rose to rank of professor at University of Odessa. He was the one that postulated Markovnikov's rule, which stated that in addition to polar reagent to unsymmetrical alkene the positive part of the polar reagent is attached to the carbon having the highest number of hydrogen while the negative part of the polar reagent is attached to the carbon having the lowest number of hydrogen. Markovnikov also contributed to organic chemistry by finding carbon rings with more than six carbon atoms, a ring with four carbon atoms.

List of postal codes in Austria

Postal codes in Austria consist of four digits. They were introduced on 1 January 1966. Each code denotes a post office of the "Österreichische Post" company.

The first digit identifies a geographic delivery area in Austria. The second identifies a routing area. The third defines the route the mail takes by either car/truck or train. The fourth stands for the post office outlet in the routing city.


20xx-24xx








Christine Wormuth

Christine Wormuth (born April 19, 1969) is an American federal government official. In 2021, Wormuth became the 25th United States Secretary of the Army during the Joe Biden administration. She was the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy from 2014 to 2016 during the Barack Obama presidency.

In April 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Wormuth to be the 25th United States Secretary of the Army and if confirmed, she would be the first woman to hold that role. She was confirmed on May 26, 2021.

Behind a Long Wall

Behind a Long Wall (Spanish: Detrás de un largo muro) is a 1958 Argentine drama movie directed by Lucas Demare and starring Susana Campos, Gloria Ferrandiz, Francisco Audenino, Alberto Barcel, Cayetano Biondo, Warly Ceriani, Inés Moreno, Mario Passano.

Exact (company)

Exact is a Dutch software company. The main services include accounting, ERP, and other software for small and medium enterprises. in 2019 it was serving more than 500,000 companies.

The main office is in Delft and others are in Europe, North America and Asia.

"Exact" was founded in 1984 by 6 freelancers Eduard Hagens, Rinus Dekker, Arco van Nieuwland, Paul van Keep, Paul Frijling and Leo Schonk.

In 1995, the company opened offices in the United Kingdom and Russia.

During next few years, "Exact" expanded in the international level by acquiring several companies:


In 2015, a group of investors led by Apax bought the company.

In 2019, it was acquired by investor KKR.

"Exact" has a variety of products which provide the leadership of the company on the market:

MS-DOS-based accounting package

Globe 2000 (modular architecture "One-X")

Exact Online (cloud software)

Exact Synergy, for CRM, HRM, DMS and workflow

Exact Financials, financial software for non-profits and enterprises with a large transaction volume.

Corcovado tree frog

The Corcovado tree frog ("Dendropsophus seniculus") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Allach-Untermenzing

Allach-Untermenzing (Central Bavarian: "Allach-Untamenzing") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

Altstadt-Lehel

Alstadt-Lehel (Central Bavarian: "Oidstod-Lechl") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria. Altstadt and Lehel are districts" (Landkreis)" of Munich. They formed a borough to create: Altstadt Lehel


Humraaz

Humraaz () is a 2002 Indian Hindi-language musical romantic thriller film directed by the duo Abbas-Mustan. It stars Bobby Deol, Akshaye Khanna and Ameesha Patel. The film is loosely based on the 1998 film "A Perfect Murder". It was released on 5 July 2002. This film received positive reviews and was extremely successful at the box office. It was also the fifth highest-grossing film of the year at the box office.


Ameesha Patel

Ameesha Patel (; born Amisha Amit Patel on June 9, 1976) is an Indian actress, producer, and model who mainly appears in Bollywood films. She has also appeared in a few Telugu films and one Tamil film. She is notable for lots of films, including and especially her debut film Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai. She has won a Filmfare Award for films like her debut film Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai, , Humraaz, and Bhool Bhulaiyaa. 

Sixteenth note

A sixteenth note (also called a semiquaver) is a note that has a value of of a whole note, which is how it gets the name. It has two flags or beams. In the formula_1 time signature it has a value of of a beat.


Thirty-second note

A thirty-second note (also called a demisemiquaver) is a note with a value of of the duration of a whole note which is how it gets the name. It has 3 flags or beams. A single thirty-second note is always stemmed with flags, while two or more are usually beamed in groups. In the formula_1 time signature it has a value of of a beat.

Sixty-fourth note

The sixty-fourth note (also called a hemidemisemiquaver or semidemisemiquaver) is a note with a value of of a whole note which is where it gets its name. It has four flags or beams. In the formula_1 time signature it has a value of of a beat. It is the shortest common note in musical notation


Hundred twenty-eighth note

The hundred twenty-eighth note (also called a semihemidemisemiquaver or quasihemidemisemiquaver) is a note played for of the duration of a whole note which is where it gets its name.It has five flags or beams. In the formula_1 time signature it has a value of of a beat.

Au-Haidhausen

Au-Haidhausen (Central Bavarian: "Au-Haidhausn") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria. It is created by the Au and Haidhausen districts "(Landkreis)."


Berg am Laim

Berg am Laim (Central Bavarian: "Berg am Loam") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

Khan Tengri

Khan Tengri, named after the Sky God Tengri of the Turkic peoples ancient Tengrism pagan religion, is a mountain in the Tian Shan range in Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan. Khan Tengri is the highest mountain in Kazakhstan. The first people to reach the top were Mikhail Pogrebetsky and his team, in 1931.

Bogenhausen

Bogenhausen (Central Bavarian: "Bognhausn") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.



Cormeilles-en-Parisis

Cormeilles-en-Parisis is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.


Gadar: Ek Prem Katha

Gadar: Ek Prem Katha () is a 2001 Indian Hindi-language period romantic action drama film directed by Anil Sharma and set during the Partition of India in 1947. Loosely based on the life of Boota Singh, the film stars Sunny Deol and Ameesha Patel in lead roles alongside Amrish Puri and Lillete Dubey.

This film had a global cinema release on 15 June 2001, opposite Ashutosh Gowariker's sports drama "Lagaan" starring Aamir Khan and Gracy Singh. This film was a blockbuster and was the highest-grossing Indian film of all time. "Gadar: Ek Prem Katha" is the second most-watched Hindi film in India since the 1990s.


Kotlin (programming language)

Kotlin is a statically-typed programming language made by Czech company JetBrains. It has been known for being used in making Android applications.

Here is an example of a hello world program in Kotlin.
// Hello World Program

fun main(args : Array<String>) {

Rebutia

Rebutia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Cactaceae. It is native to Bolivia and Argentina.

Go (programming language)

Go, also known as Golang, is a statically-typed concurrent programming language made by an engineer team at Google. 

Here is a hello world program in Go.

package main
// Import fmt library through the standard library.
import "fmt"

// Define entry point.
func main() {

Strmilov

Strmilov () is a town in Jindřichův Hradec District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. In 2020, 1,440 people lived there.

Strmilov is twinned with:


Pys

Pys is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Béhen

Béhen is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Moyenneville, Somme

Moyenneville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Forno Canavese

Forno Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Huchenneville

Huchenneville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Courcelles-sous-Moyencourt

Courcelles-sous-Moyencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department
in north France.

Castéra-Lectourois

Castéra-Lectourois is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Linear predictive coding

Linear predictive coding (LPC) is a method of digital signal processing. It is mainly used for compressing audio signals, and for speech recognition. Commonly a simplified model of the human vocal tract is used. This model allows speech synthesis. This makes it possible to describe the model using less data than is used for Pulse-code modulation. Very often, an extra parameter is used to describe the difference between the original signal, and the signal calculated through the model.

Castéra-Verduzan

Castéra-Verduzan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Castéron

Castéron is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Castet-Arrouy

Castet-Arrouy is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.

The river Auroue flows through the commune.


Castex, Gers

Castex is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Beaumont-Hamel

Beaumont-Hamel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Lignières, Somme

Lignières is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Pierrepont-sur-Avre

Pierrepont-sur-Avre is a former commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Trois-Rivières.

Belloy-sur-Somme

Belloy-sur-Somme is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Candas

Candas is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.


Doingt

Doingt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cedilla

A cedilla is an extra mark added to a letter of the alphabet. People use it when writing in French, Portuguese and a few other languages.

The mark looks like this: (¸) The cedilla is added to the letter 'c'. When a c has a cedilla, that means it is said like an "s" and not like a "k". This is called a soft c.


Deportes Tolima

Club Deportes Tolima, commonly known as Deportes Tolima, is a Colombian professional football club based in Ibagué, Tolima Department. It currently plays in the Categoría Primera A. The club was founded on 18 December 1954 and has won the league two times: in 2003 and 2018.

The Reluctant Fundamentalist (movie)

The Reluctant Fundamentalist is a 2012 movie based on Mohsin Hamid's 2007 book of the same name. It is about a person who comes to the United States with some ideas, but these ideas change after the World Trade Center terrorist attack on September 11, 2001.

Elizabeth Shepherd

Elizabeth Shepherd (born 12 August 1936) is an English character actress whose long career has encompassed the stage and both the big and small screens. Her television work has been especially prolific. Shepherd's surname has been variously rendered as "Shephard" and "Sheppard".

Shepherd began acting in television series in 1959. In 1960, she appeared in an adaptation of A. J. Cronin's novel, "The Citadel". She was the original choice to play Emma Peel in the 1960s television series "The Avengers". However, after filming nearly two episodes, Shepherd left the production and was replaced by Diana Rigg.

In 1970 she appeared on Broadway in Barry England's "Conduct Unbecoming", a story of the British Army in Kipling's India, as Mrs Hasseltine. She was praised for her performance in "Time" magazine. Shepherd was pictured in "Time" along with her co-stars, the pop singers Jeremy Clyde and Paul Jones, who began their roles as British subalterns in London during 1969.

In film she appeared as both Lady Rowena and Ligeia in Roger Corman's "The Tomb of Ligeia" (1964), as well as in "" as the ill-fated reporter Joan Hart, "The Kidnapping of the President", "Deadly Companion" and "Amelia". Her TV work includes the cult series "The Corridor People" (1966), the 1978 miniseries "The Bastard", and "The Cleopatras", a BBC historical drama.

Elizabeth Shepherd has acted in numerous stage plays in both Shakespearean and contemporary dramas. As well as teaching drama at the Stella Adler school, she starred in "December Fools" in 2006 at the Abingdon Theater in New York. In 2014, she starred in a Canadian production of "Driving Miss Daisy".

An article in the "Toronto Star" reported an incident of Shepherd being a victim of identity theft and mortgage fraud in 2006.

In 2019 she released an audiobook of Edgar Allan Poe's "Ligeia" along with other Poe tales. The CD has been met with critical acclaim.



Haji Qadir Koyi

Haji Qadir Koyi (1817–1897) was a Kurdish poet and mullah. He tried to help the growth of nationalism among the Kurds with his writing. He wrote that Kurds should develop literature and newspapers in the Kurdish language. Kurds, he wrote, should write down their oral traditions and their ballads. Koyi thought that literature and political power were both important for the Kurds to develop a state.

Double whole note

A double whole note (also called a breve) is a note that is double the value of a whole note, which is where it gets its name. In the formula_1 time signature it has the value of 8 beats or two measures. 


Bonita, Louisiana

Bonia is a village in Morehouse Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Collinston, Louisiana

Collinston is a village in Morehouse Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Mer Rouge, Louisiana

Mer Rouge is a village in Morehouse Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is a outer suburb of Bastrop.

Oak Ridge, Louisiana

Oak Ridge is a village in Morehouse Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Delta, Louisiana

Delta is a village in Madison Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Richmond, Louisiana

Richmond is a village in Madison Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Yang Xiong (politician)

Yang Xiong (; November 1953 – 12 April 2021) was a Chinese politician and business executive. He was Mayor of Shanghai.

On 17 January 2017, Yang resigned as mayor. He was replaced by Ying Yong.

Yang died surprisingly on 12 April 2021 at Huashan Hospital from heart failure. He was 67.

Kunja Bojji

Kunja Bojji (10 February 1926 – 12 April 2021) was an Indian politician belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist). He represented the Bhadrachalam seat in the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly between 1985 and 1999. He belonged to the Koya community.

Peter Goy

Peter John Goy (8 June 1938 – 12 April 2021) was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

He turned professional in June 1955 and continued to play for the youth team until 1956. He played two matches for Arsenal, his debut against Leeds United on 24 February 1959 (which Arsenal won 1–0) and the second against Birmingham City on 4 May 1959. 

He later played for Southend United, Watford and Huddersfield Town, before moving to South Africa, then living at Shoeburyness, Essex.

Angèle Jacq

Angèle Jacq (1937, Landudal – April 12, 2021) was a farmer who became a bank employee. From 1995, she began writing historical novels that happened in Brittany.

In 2003, her literary work earned her the collar of the Order of the Ermine, bestowed by the . She also was a strong supporter of the Breton language. She spoke Breton. She was against the destruction of the collective memory of the Bretons and for a popular education detached from the State.

Historical novels:


Dhanare Paskal Janya

Dhanare Paskal Janya (1971/1972 - 12 April 2021) was an Indian politician and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was a first term member of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly.

Janya died in 2021 from COVID-19 on April 12 aged 49.

Dhanare Paskal Janya was elected from the Dahanu constituency Maharashtra.


Joseph Siravo

Joseph Siravo (March 11, 1955 (some sources say 1957) – April 11, 2021) was an American actor, producer, and educator. He was best known for his work on Broadway in the Tony Award-winning productions of "Oslo" and "The Light in the Piazza".

He also appeared as Johnny Soprano in "The Sopranos" and Fred Goldman in "".

Siravo died from prostate and colorectal cancer on April 11, 2021 at the age of 66.


Isi Leibler

Isi Leibler (Hebrew: ; 9 October 1934 – 13 April 2021) was a Belgian-born Australian-Israeli international Jewish activist.

Leibler's activities and campaign on behalf of Soviet Jewry are documented in the book: Let my People Go: The untold story of Australia and Soviet Jews 1969 – 1989, authored by Sam Lipski and Suzanne Rutland in 2015.

Leibler had senior roles in the World Jewish Congress (WJC), an umbrella organisation representing global Jewry, including Chairman of the Governing Board and Senior Vice President.

Leibler was a columnist for The Jerusalem Post. He was also a regular columnist for Israel Hayom, the Israeli daily newspaper.

Halyna Mosiychuk

Halyna Mosiychuk (Мосійчук Галина Василівна; died 12 April 2021) was a Soviet and Ukrainian composer. She made over a hundred songs, and several music videos and CDs. She won many awards and prizes for her works.

Mosiychuk died in Dubno on 12 April 2021.

Comedian (artwork)

Comedian is a work of art made by Maurizio Cattelan in 2019. It is made of a banana duct taped to a wall. Three editions of the art were made. Two of them were sold for $120,000.

Maurizio Cattelan is known for making strange art. His sculpture "America" is a working golden toilet. He has used duct tape before by taping a person on a wall for an art gallery. He bought the banana used in "Comedian" for about 30 cents. Emmanuel Perrotin was the exhibitor of "Comedian". He said it has many meanings and is a good way to show humor. It was the first time in more than 15 years that Cattelan's art was shown in an exhibition.

Some people did not think it should really be called art. "The Guardian" said it was a "questionably genius work". They said the price of the art reminded them of a joke in the sitcom "Arrested Development" about not knowing how much a banana costs. "Artnet News" said it was one of the worst works of art for the week. They thought that the price was foolish. "USA Today" made jokes about the art's price. "Newsweek" called it "humorous" and "minimalist" (art that uses simple ideas). CBS News said it was "the most talked-about" work of art at the gallery. "Comedian" was put on the cover of "The New York Post" for a day.

Three editions of the art were made. Two of them were bought at the art gallery Art Basel for $120,000. This got the attention of mass media. One of the editions was bought by Sara Andelman (a founder of a fashion shop). Another was bought by Billy and Beatrice Cox. They said that they knew some people thought it would be foolish to buy it. They bought it because they said it would be "" and "historical". It came with a certificate to show that it is the real art.

Artist David Datuna ate one of the editions at the Art Basel. He called his intervention "Hungry Artist". A new banana was used after that. No legal complaints were made, but Datuna was told to leave the gallery. He said that anything done to the art can be art itself. "I am a hungry artist, and I am hungry for new interactions."

Some people tried to think of what the art could mean, while others did not think it was serious. Artist Sebastian Errazuriz duct taped a dildo on a wall and tried to get $12,000 from it. CryptoGraffiti made jokes on trying to find bitcoin keys in bananas. Brooke Shields taped a banana on her forehead and put it on Instagram with the text "An expensive selfie". Design Simon Porte Jacquemus made an image of a bag he designed with tape on it. Many other companies made images of their products being taped.

"Comedian" was taken out of the art gallery on December 8, 2019. Curators did this because they thought people would harm other works of art at the gallery. They made an apology for those that wanted to see it. Emmanuel Perrotin made an account on social media about "Comedian" after that. One of the walls that had the art was vandalized with the text "Epstein didn't kill himself".


Ramūnas Karbauskis

Ramūnas Karbauskis (Lithuanian: "Ramūnas Karbauskis"; born December 5, 1969) is a Lithuanian businessman, politician and philanthropist.

Ramūnas Karbauskis was born on December 5, 1969 in the village of Naisiai, Šiauliai district. His father is Česlovas Karbauskis, who was member of the Verkhovna Rada of Lithuania, and his mother is Nijola Karbauskienė. In 1987, he graduated from high school and entered the agronomic faculty of the Lithuanian Agricultural Academy, which he graduated in 1992.

He was interested in checkers and became a candidate for master of sports in international and Russian checkers. In 1987-1988, he was a member of the Lithuanian youth team in Russian checkers.

In 1993, Karbauskis founded the company "Agrokoncernas". In few years it became one of the largest agricultural groups in Lithuania, employing more than 800 people, and Karbauskis was one of the richest people in Lithuania.

Karbauskis was elected to the Seimas three times in the mid-1990s.

Since 2009, Karbauskis has been the chairman of the Lithuanian Union of Populist Peasants.

In the 2016 parliamentary elections, the party took first place and Karbauskis himself ran for parliament.

Karbauskis organized the Naisiai family festival (in honor of his native village).

In 2013, Karbauskis co-founded the "Švieskime Vaikus" charity foundation (en: "Let's raise children"), together with Lithuanian singer and producer Andrius Mamontovas.

Since 2006, Karbauskis has been the President of the Lithuanian Drafts Federation, and since 2009 he has been the Vice-President of the Lithuanian Jamaican Horse Association (a historical horse breed from Lithuania).

Karbauskis has a wife, Lina, and two sons, Justinas and Mantas. His brother Mindaugas Karbauskis is the artistic director of the Vladimir Mayakovsky Moscow Academic Theater.

She-Devil

She-Devil is a 1989 American black comedy movie directed by Susan Seidelman and is the second adaption of the novel "The Life and Loves of a She-Devil" by Fay Weldon. It stars Meryl Streep, Roseanne Barr, Ed Begley Jr., Linda Hunt, Sylvia Miles, Rosanna Carter, Mary Louise Wilson and was distributed by Orion Pictures.

List of characters in the Khamba Thoibi

Khamba Thoibi is one of the longest epic poems in the world. It was composed by Hijam Anganghal. The characters are mostly historical, along with the addition of mythological features. The most important characters of the Khamba Thoibi can be said to include: Thangching, Khuman Khamba, Moirang Thoibi and Nongban. Other significant characters include Khamnu, Kabui Salang Maiba, Iwang Puriklai Chingkhu Telheiba, Chingkhu Akhuba, Puremba, Ngangkha Leima, Senu and Soura. Deities mentioned in the epic include Koiren Leima, Panthoibi, Khuman Apokpa.

Ayangleima (ꯑꯌꯥꯡꯂꯩꯃ) is the name identifying three goddesses, who are the two Koiren Leimas and Panthoibi. All these goddesses are said to play significant role in appearing at the dreams of both Khuman Khamba as well as Moirang Thoibi at appropriate timing to save something from destruction.

Kabui Salang Maiba (ꯀꯕꯨꯏ ꯁꯂꯥꯡ ꯃꯥꯏꯕ) is an old experienced high priest and a king of the Kabul village. He is an old friend of Khuman Puremba. So, after the death of Khuman Puremba, he willingly brought up Khuman Khamba and Khamnu, the children of his friend. He taught several skills and training to Khuman Khamba during the later's stay at his village.

Khamnu (ꯈꯝꯅꯨ) is the daughter of Ngangkhaleima, the wood nymph and Chingkhu Telheiba, the king of Ancient Moirang. But she was born in the house of Khuman Puremba, as her mother got a second marriage to the later. After the demise of her parents, she brought up her younger brother, Khuman Khamba, bearing every sufferings right from her childhood.

Little is mentioned about Khuman Apokpa (ꯈꯨꯃꯟ ꯑꯄꯣꯛꯄ), the progenitor of the Khuman dynasty in the epic. The cult of Khuman Apokpa is mainly worshipped by the people of Khuman blood. Once when Moirang Thoibi visited him, unable to think what should be done, Khuman Khamba wear an elongated basket and hide himself in a corner of the house. When the princess saw him, she asked Khamnu what is the object. At this, Khamnu replied that it is the Khuman Apokpa. Though witty Thoibi knew the truth, she willingly bow down to Khamba.

Khuman Khamba (ꯈꯨꯃꯟ ꯈꯝꯕ) is the son of Khuman Puremba, a brave warrior and Ngangkhaleima, a wood nymph. He is best known for being a paragon of far reaching adventures and masculinity. He is a lover of Moirang Thoibi and after killing the Khoirentak tiger, he got married to the princess.
Khuman Puremba (ꯈꯨꯃꯟ ꯄꯨꯔꯦꯝꯕ) or Khuman Purenba (ꯈꯨꯃꯟ ꯄꯨꯔꯦꯟꯕ) is a grandson of a Khuman prince, who once fled from the Khuman kingdom to Ancient Moirang trying to prevent political turmoil and lead a peaceful life. He is a brave warrior and a floriculture minister of the Moirang kingdom. He is best known for capturing the nine tigers alive from the wild.

Moirang Thoibi (ꯃꯣꯏꯔꯥꯡ ꯊꯣꯏꯕꯤ), also known as Ewanglon Thoibi (ꯏꯋꯥꯡꯂꯣꯟ ꯊꯣꯏꯕꯤ), is the daughter of Chingkhuba (Chingkhu Akhuba), the younger brother of Chingkhu Telheiba, the then king of Ancient Moirang. For the king and his brother have no ward other than the princess, she grew up as the darling of the entire kingdom. She is the lady love of Khuman Khamba, for whose chemistry gets envied by Nongban. Legend says she and her lover, Khuman Khamba first performed a devotional dance form in the premise of the Ebudhou Thangjing Temple, which was later known as the Khamba Thoibi Jagoi.

The term "Thoibi" means perfection or completion of beauty and accomplishments.
Ngangkhaleima (ꯉꯥꯡꯈꯂꯩꯃ) or Ngangkhareima (ꯉꯥꯡꯈꯔꯩꯃ) is a wood nymph (Helloi). She had heard about the fame of Khuman Puremba from a very long time and wished to marry him. So, she sent the nine demigods transfigured into nine ferocious tigers to attack the villagers so that Khuman Puremba may charged defensive force against the beasts. At this, she took the advantage of meeting him in the woods. From the very first meet, she seduced him to marry. But fate does not permit them unite so soon. Their relationship was interrupted by Chingkhu Telheiba, the Moirang king. The king asked Puremba to offer the lady for his own harem. Unable to reject the king, he did. Ngangkhaleima gets conceived having Khamnu in her womb. It during that time the king returned her back to Puremba. So, after the birth of Khamnu, Khuman Khamba was born to the true lovers.

Nongban (ꯅꯣꯡꯕꯥꯟ) is the principal villain character in the epic saga. He is a man of Angom blood lineage. He is a suitor of Moirang Thoibi, besides having numerous wives. Knowing the fact that the princess loves Khuman Khamba, he devised many evil plots to get rid of him. But every time, Thangching and other gods save Khuman Khamba from danger.
Later, he died when a tiger attacked him in the hunt.
Senu (ꯁꯦꯅꯨ) is the closest friend and a maid of Moirang Thoibi. Legend says that she is the actual daughter of Chingkhu Akhuba, who after returning from a journey, found a baby girl on the way, brought her to home. During the very time, Chingkhu Akhuba's wife gave birth to a baby girl at home. Thoughtlessly, Chingkhu Akhuba placed the stranger girl along the side of his own daughter. When his wife felt conscious, she mistook the stranger girl as her own baby and brought her up as Moirang Thoibi while her own blood grew up as a servant girl, Senu.
Soura (ꯁꯧꯔꯥ) is a servant of Nongban. He is often given important tasks by his master because of his witty attitudes and skillful performance.

Thangching (ꯊꯥꯡꯆꯤꯡ) is the director of the story from the beginning till end. Every characters are playing their role according to his direction. Sometimes, he sent his good lady, Koiren Leima to inform alarming news to Khuman Khamba and Moirang Thoibi at their dreams. In Ancient Moirang, he is the greatest of all the gods. So, the Lai Haraoba festival is dedicated especially for him.

Remigijus Šimašius

Remigijus Šimašius (Lithuanian: "Remigijus Šimašius"; January 12, 1974, Taurage, Lithuania) is the mayor of Vilnius since 2015. He is Lithuanian lawyer, politician, member of the Seimas (2012-2016), Minister of Justice of Lithuania from 2008 to 2012, economist. 

Remigijus Šimašius graduated from the Faculty of Law of Vilnius University.

He then studied as a doctoral student at Mykola Romeris University.

On September 17, 2002 he became Doctor of Laws.

In 2002-2008, he was a teacher (lecturer) in the field of law in Nicholas Romeris University and Vilnius University.

From 1995 to 2008, Remigijus Šimašius was a legal expert and economist at the Lithuanian Free Market Institute (LLRI). In 2006, he bacame a President of the Institute.

From 2008 to 2012, Remigijus Šimašius was Minister of Justice in the government of Kubilius.

In 2015, he was elected mayor of Vilnius.

In June 2016, members of the Liberal Movement elected Remigijus Šimašius as a chairman of the party.

In 2017, he left the "Union of Liberals of Lithuania".

In 2019, Remigijus Šimašius created a public committee ""For Vilnius, which we are proud of"" and on March 17, 2019, in the second round he was re-elected mayor of Vilnius, gaining in the second round 59% of the vote.

Formication

Feeling as if insects were crawling across or underneath your skin. Originated from the Latin word “"formica"”, which means ant. It is one of the sensations known as paresthesias, which also include the more common prickling, tingling sensation known as "pins and needles".

Peter Warner

Peter Warner (1931 – 13 April 2021) was an Australian seafarer and ship's captain who discovered six Tongan youths marooned on a Pacific island in 1966, more than a year after they had been presumed dead. He later went on to win the line honours three times in the Sydney to Hobart yacht race. He drowned April 13, 2021 when his boat capsized attempting to cross the Ballina Bar at the mouth of the Richmond River.

A United Kingdom

A United Kingdom is a 2016 British American Czech French Botswanan biographical drama movie directed by Amma Asante and was based on the novel "Colour Bar" by Susan Williams. It stars David Oyelowo, Rosamund Pike, Terry Pheto, Vusi Kunene, Jack Davenport, Nicholas Rowe, Charlotte Hope, Nicholas Lyndhurst and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Public shaming

Public shaming is when someone is out of favor for their actions or words. It has been used as a punishment in some countries long ago.

Public shaming has been seen online due to a super-minority of groups willing to "cancel" people.

Red-skirted tree frog

The red-skirted tree frog ("Dendropsophus rhodopeplus") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, and Brazil. Scientists have seen it as high as 1200 meters above sea level.

This frog is yellow and dark red in color. The adult male frog is 15.34 to 25.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 26.8 to 27.7 mm long. It lays eggs whenever the weather is good for laying eggs.

Hkakabo Razi

Hkakabo Razi is a mountain in Asia. It is in the Burmese Himalayas range of the Kachin State in northern Myanmar. This mountain is in 3 countries: Myanmar , India, and China. It is the highest mountain in Myanmar. It has been protected as a national park since 1998. The mountain is in Kachin State, the northernmost state of Myanmar.

Takashi Ozaki (Japan, 1951 – May 14, 2011) and Nyima Gyaltsen (aka "Aung Tse"; Myanmar) made the first ascent in 1996. As of 2021, they were the only people to have reached the top of the mountain and to have returned alive. Ozaki had attempted the mountain in 1995 but turned back due to bad weather. The route to basecamp is long (four weeks). A dense rain forest needs to be traversed, with many unbridged stream crossings. Before 1993, foreigners were not allowed travel to the area. This may be one of the reasons why the first successful climb was only done recently.

In 2013, the nearby peak of Gamlang Razi was climbed and measured at using an advanced version of GPS, making it possibly the highest in Myanmar. Ozaki had confirmed Hkakabo's height as 5881 m, but he did not yet have the GPS equipment to measure the exact height of Hkakabo Razi.

A team was sent out, to measure the exact height, in 2014. They had to turn back at a height of . They estimated that the summit was higher. Therefore, its exact height is unknown.

Maikei Ngaakpa Lai

A Maikei Ngaakpa Lai is a member of the Guardian deities ("Ngaakpa Lai"s) of the ten directions ("Maikei"s) in Meitei mythology and religion. The foremost of them are Marjing (Malching), Thangjing (Thangching), Koubru (Koupalu) and Wangbren (Wangpulel).

The deities who guard the four directions are as follows:

Koupalu (ꯀꯧꯄꯂꯨ) or Koubru (ꯀꯧꯕ꯭ꯔꯨ) is the Guardian of the North West direction. He is the patron of the Mount Koubru in Northern Manipur.

Marjing (ꯃꯥꯔꯖꯤꯡ) or Malching (ꯃꯥꯜꯆꯤꯡ) is the Guardian of the North East direction. Besides, he is the inventor of the Sagol Kangjei, a primitive form of modern polo, and Meitei horse. He rides on Samadon Ayangba, a mythical winged horse.

Thangjing (ꯊꯥꯡꯖꯤꯡ) or Thangching (ꯊꯥꯡꯆꯤꯡ) is the Guardian of the South West direction. Besides, he is the patron deity of the Ancient Moirang.

Wangpulel (ꯋꯥꯡꯄꯨꯂꯦꯜ) or Wangbren (ꯋꯥꯡꯕ꯭ꯔꯦꯟ) is the Guardian of the South East direction. Besides, he is the deity of underwater world and disaster.

Kounu (ꯀꯧꯅꯨ) is the Guardian of the Northern direction. She is the goddess who dwells in the snows of far north. She is the consort of Koupalu and the mother of Loyalakpa.

Lok Ningthou (ꯂꯣꯛ ꯅꯤꯡꯊꯧ) is the Guardian of the Southern direction. Little is known or mentioned about him in the legends.

Loyalakpa (ꯂꯣꯌꯥꯂꯥꯛꯄ) or Loyarakpa (ꯂꯣꯌꯥꯔꯥꯛꯄ) is the Guardian of the Western direction. He is the only son of Koupalu and Kounu. He is best known for having a divine wrestling match with Khoriphaba.

Nongpok Ningthou (ꯅꯣꯡꯄꯣꯛ ꯅꯤꯡꯊꯧ) is the Guardian of the Eastern direction. He is the patron of the Nongmaiching Hill in Eastern Manipur.

There are two extra directions, which are zenith (upwards) and nadir (downwards).
The two deities are:
Salailen Sitapa (ꯁꯂꯥꯏꯂꯦꯟ ꯁꯤꯇꯄ) is the Guardian of the upward direction. Besides, he is the king of gods and the ruler of heaven.

Thongalel (ꯊꯣꯡꯉꯥꯂꯦꯜ) is the Guardian of the downwards direction. Besides, he is the god of the death and the ruler of the underworld kingdom.

Lagaan

Lagaan (), released internationally as Lagaan: Once Upon a Time in India, is a 2001 Indian Hindi-language musical sports film written and directed by Ashutosh Gowariker, and produced by and starring Aamir Khan, along with debutant Gracy Singh and British actors Rachel Shelley and Paul Blackthorne in supporting roles.

The film is set in 1893, during the late Victorian period of India's colonial British Raj. The story takes place in a small village in Central India, whose settlers, overloaded by high taxes, and several years of drought, find themselves in an bizarre situation as an arrogant British army officer challenges them to a game of cricket, as a wager to avoid paying the taxes they owe. The narrative spins around this situation as the villagers face the extremely difficult task of learning a game that is strange and new to them and playing for a result that will change their village's destiny.

"Lagaan" released on 15 June 2001, clashing with "" starring Sunny Deol and Ameesha Patel. "Lagaan" received worldwide critical acclaim and awards at international film festivals, and many Indian film awards and it became a blockbuster. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. Made on a very expensive of (), the movie was a humongous project from Aamir Khan Productions and was filmed in villages near Bhuj.


Quadruple whole note

The quadruple whole note (also called a longa, long, or quadruple note) is a note that is 4 times the value of a whole note which is where it gets its name. In the formula_1 time signature it has a value of 16 beats or 4 measures.

Octuple whole note

The octuple whole note (also called a maxima, duplex longa, or larga) is a note that has a value of 8 times a whole note, which is where it gets its name. In the formula_1 time signature it has a value of 32 beats or 8 measures.


C (musical note)

C or Do is the first note of the C major scale.

Squishy toys

Squishy toys are common in most toy stores, and can help people with anxiety and ADHD. at the moment, squishy toys are popular and are becoming a trend. 

The stores that you can find them in are DAISO, Target, Fred Meyer, Ross, and HOBBY LOBBY. You can find many types of squishy toys in the listed stores.

Many people create videos about them. Many have different varieties of names such as "funky egg", "marble mesh", and "mochi".

Ugarit

Ugarit (; , "ʼUgart"; "Ūġārīt" or "Ūǧārīt") was an ancient port city in northern Syria. It is in the outskirts of modern Latakia. It was discovered by accident in 1928 together with the Ugaritic texts. Its ruins are often called Ras Shamra due to the headland on which they are found.

Ugarit had close connections to the Hittite Empire. It also sent tribute to Egypt at times and maintained trade and diplomatic connections with Cyprus (then called Alashiya). This is documented in the archives recovered from the site. It is confirmed by Mycenaean and Cypriot pottery found there. The polity was at its height from c. 1450 BCE until its destruction in c. 1200 BCE. This destruction was possibly caused by the mysterious Sea Peoples or internal struggle. The kingdom would be one of the many that fell apart during the Bronze Age Collapse.

Milbertshofen-Am Hart

Milbertshofen-Am Hart (Central Bavarian: "Muibatshofa-Am Hoart") is a borough in the north of Munich in Germany. The three boroughs Milbertshofen, Am Riesenfeld and Am-Hart formed to create Milbertshofen-Am Hart. As of January 2020 it had a population of 76,670.

Schwabing

Schwabing is a borough in the north of Munich, Bavaria.

Arctic Council

The Arctic Council is a high-level forum between governments. It addresses issues faced by the Arctic governments and the indigenous people of the Arctic. The Council is formed of eight countries: Canada, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Russia, Sweden, and the United States. All of these countries have sovereignty over the lands within the Arctic Circle. There are also some observer states. 

The Council was formed in 1996 by the Ottawa Declaration. It is designed to encourage cooperation, coordination, and interaction among the Arctic states. The Council meets every six months for a Senior Arctic Officials (SAO) meeting. Senior Arctic Officials are representatives of the member states. Every two years a Ministerial Meeting is held. A "Declaration" is produced at this meeting. It sums up the past work of the Council and its future plans.

The Council is made up of member and observer states, as well as Indigenous "permanent participants" and observer organizations.

To be a member, a state must have territory in the Arctic. The member states are:


Observer status is open to non-Arctic states. They must be approved by the Council at the Ministerial Meetings. Observers have no voting rights in the Council. Currently, thirteen non-Arctic states have observer status.

Current observer states are (2019):



F (musical note)

F or Fa is the first note of the F major scale.

Exit sign

An exit sign is a pictogram in a public place that shows where the nearest emergency exit is, in case of an emergency that requires people to evacuate.

Exit signs are designed to be very understandable and clear to anyone. In the past, exit signs usually showed the word "EXIT" (or the equivalent in the local language), but increasingly exit signs around the world are pictograms, with or without additional text.

Sri Lankan rupee

The Sri Lankan rupee is the currency of Sri Lanka. It is divided into 100 cents. It is issued by the Central Bank of Sri Lanka.

Carving

Carving is the act of using tools to shape a material by scraping away portions of that material. It can be done on any material solid enough to hold a shape, yet soft enough for portions to be scraped away with tools. 

Examples of material with potential for carving: 

Carving is different from methods using soft and malleable materials like clay and melted glass. Carving needs more work.


The Rubbish World of Dave Spud

Dave Spud is a British children's animated series featuring the surreal adventures of the eponymous Dave Spud of Grimsby, his friends and tower block-dwelling family. It was created and directed by Edward Foster, inspired by his 2003 NFTS student short 'Anna Spud'. It was developed into a pilot in 2010 produced by The Illuminated Film Company. 26 11-minute installments were commissioned, whilst the soundtrack was composed by electronic group Basement Jaxx.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


Hada Samaton Ayangba

Hada Samaton Ayangba is a theme song of the 8th Manipur Polo International 2014, sung by Mangka Mayanglambam and composed by M. Mangangsana. The song writer was B. Jayantakumar Sharma and presented by the Laihui Ensemble of Manipur. The theme of the song is dedicated to Samadon Ayangba, the winged mythical flying horse used by Marjing, the God of Sagol Kangjei, the traditional form of modern polo.

Manipur International Polo

Manipur International Polo or Manipur Polo International is an annual international polo sports competition organised in Imphal, the capital city of Manipur. The main venue is Mapal Kangjeibung, the oldest pologround in the world. It is organized under the aegis of the Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association (MHRPA) in the aim to popularize the game across India and the world. Several nations including Argentina, Australia, Canada, Egypt, France, Germany, Haiti, India, Kenya, Mongolia, Morocco, Poland, South Africa, Thailand, United Kingdom, Uruguay and United States participate in the championship competing with the team of players from Manipur. Notably, team for India is named "INDIA-A" team (represented by Indian Polo Association) and team for Manipur is named "INDIA-B" team (represented by MHRPA).

Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association

The Manipur Horse Riding and Polo Association (MHRPA) is a non profit organization established in 1977. It primarily works in the domain of Sports, Food and Nutrition and Animal and Wildlife. Its primary office is in Imphal, Manipur. The association organises the annual Manipur International Polo Tournament in the Imphal Polo Ground.

Mangka Mayanglambam

Mangka Mayanglambam is an Indian Manipuri folk, classical and contemporary song performer and a Pena player. She is best known for the Hada Samadon Ayangba, the opening theme song for the 8th Manipur International Polo Tournament in Imphal and Moirang Sai A women's Ballad. she is one of a few artists who is preserving the rich tradition of Meitei folk music, especially the genres of the Moirang Sai Pena, among the present generation. One of her Major Contribution is that she train many Young boys and girls on Manipuri Folk and traditional music. She is an inspiration,a role model to many youngsters and People address her Princess of Manipuri Folk Music She is the first solo performer to represent India at Asia-Pacific Broadcasting Union Radio Song Festival Held at Colombo 2014. She is the youngest 'A' grade Folk Singer Of All India Radio Imphal.

Daughter of Mayanglambam Mangangsana Meitei and Maibam Rebika Devi

Mangka acquired the knowledge of Manipuri folk music from her father since childhood. She trained on various Manipuri Folk and other arts forms; Moirang Sai and Basok from Guru Smt. Langathel Thoinu in 2002, Pena from Padma Shri Guru Khangembam Mangi in 2006, Khongjom Parva from Guru Smt Khumanthem Sundari in 2009, Mime from Y. Sadananda in 2012, Hindustani Music from late Guru Mairembam Jiten Singh in 2013, Theatre from Kalakshetra Manipur in 2016, Moirang Sai from Kumbi Inakhunbi in 2019, and Khunung Eshei from Guru Lourembam Bedabati in 2020.








Nokia N93i

Nokia N93i was a version of the Nokia N93 that was considered "better". It was told and released on November 11, 2006 and then discontinued in 2012. It was also the first of Nokia Nseries.

Nokia N93 was a new version of <nowiki>"</nowiki>N93i<nowiki>"</nowiki>. It was told by Nokia Nseries on November 11, 2006 at "The Verge" in West Hollywood, California. 

On November 19, 2006, Google had said that the YouTube app had been added to the new Nokia N93i. Nokia N93i was shown at The Verge on November 22 and November 23 at Universal Orlando Resort in Orlando, Florida. 

In January 8, 2007, Nokia had announced the Nokia N93i has partnered the news version like Nokia N93, after release on July 11, 2006, The N93i was developed and the news version was released. On January 16 and January 17, 2007 it was launched for sales. Nokia N93i had been released on January 26, 2007 as it was being developed. People working at Nokia had been connecting to people and had reached the public on January 30 and February 1, 2007.

Nokia N93i has showing for performance <nowiki>"Nokia N93i Is Here"</nowiki> reach on July 7, 2007. Nokia N93i has public reach at St. Louis Hotel in Santa Monica, California. Nokia N93i had legacies for sales that had next expired on August 8, 2007. In September 2007, Nokia N93 had expired and was no longer for sale, and it stopped selling before September 30. 

Nokia N93i had stopped being available in February 8, 2012, Nokia N93i was also no longer available including Nokia N93, that the Nokia Corporation had stopped. It was based as discontinued, because it had expired its support lifecycles.

The camera in Nokia N93i had released for its news version partner, with 24cm for 80cm, the Nokia N93i camera has small features in camera for connecting Tube of World, Nokia N93i had features for the public.


International humanitarian law

International humanitarian law is a set of laws recognised by most countries that tries to limit the destructive effects of war, such as the Geneva conventions.


Pena (musical instrument)

A Pena is a mono string musical instrument falling in the lute category. It is a traditional music instrument of Manipur and is usually used by the folk singers of Meitei ethnicity, while performing folk music. It is commonly seen in performance during the Lai Haraoba festival also. Pena performance is a dying art form in Manipur as there are only 145 active artists reported in the state. Several organizations including the Laihui Ensemble, are trying their best to preserve the endangered form of traditional art from extinction.


Laihui Ensemble

The Laihui Ensemble is a centre for research on traditional and indigenous performing arts, based on Imphal, Manipur. It was established in 1985.
The association is performing different art shows at different venues across different nations in the world. Mangka Mayanglambam is one of the most active artists of the ensemble, and is trying her best to revive the dying art forms of Manipur including the Moirang Sai.


Perseverance (rover)

Perseverance is a Mars rover launched July 30, 2020. It arrived in the Jezero Crater on Mars February 18, 2021. On the same day, it captured its first picture of Mars. The rover carried, among other things, an oxygen generator, 17 different cameras and the first ever helicopter to be flown on Mars, "Ingenuity".

In April 2021, the oxygen generator in the "Perseverance" created oxygen from carbon dioxide in the Martian atmosphere.

On August 6, 2021, the first sample-collection experiment was attempted, and failed. The drill hole was successful, but later data revealed that the rock had crumbled, leaving no core to collect. 

Pure, White and Deadly

Pure, White and Deadly is a 1972 book by John Yudkin, a British nutritionist and former Chair of Nutrition at Queen Elizabeth College, London. The book is mainly about speaking out against sugars and its harmful effects, such as obesity and heart disease. The book and other research done by Yudkin has been mocked by the sugar industry despite the proof from other studies.

Gynecomastia

Gynecomastia is when the breast in male humans are bigger than normal. It can happen to any male.


Kiko, Princess Akishino

, born ; 11 September 1966), is the wife of Fumihito, Prince Akishino, the brother of the current emperor of Japan, Naruhito.

Titles and Styles 

11 September 1966-29 June 1990 Miss Kiko Kawashima 

29 June 1990-1 May 2019 Her Imperial Highness Princess Akishino 

1 May 2019-present Her Imperial Highness The Crown Princess Akishino 

National Honors 

Japan 

-Grand Cordon (Paulownia) of the Order of the Precious Crown 

-Dame of the Decoration of the Red Cross 

-Recipient of the Red Cross Medal 

Foreign Honors 

-Belgium: Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown (11 October 2016) 

-Luxembourg: Grand Cross of the Order of Adolphe of Nassau (27 November 2017) 

-Netherlands: Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown (24 October 2014) 

-Peru: Grand Cross of the Order of the Sun (27 January 2014) 

-Spain: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic (8 November 2008) 

-Sweden: Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the Polar Star (26 March 2007) 

E (musical note)

E or Mi is the first note of the E major scale. 

F is a enharmonic equivalent of E, but is not usually seen as the same note. It is used in places where there is an E♭ that would come before an E. The F would then replace the E which would help avoid confusion in the notation.

Nero Redivivus legend

The Nero Redivivus legend was a legend where Nero would return. Several people pretended to be him.

Fetal viability

Fetal viability is a medical and a legal term. It describes the ability of an unborn child to survive outside the womb. For the first three months of pregnancy, the unborn child is called embryo, after that it is called fetus. Usually, children are born after 40 weeks of pregnancy. Very few children are born before the mother reaches 24 weeks of pregnancy. If they are born alive, very few will survive. About 50 to 70 percent of children born from the 25th week of pregnancy will survive. In the 24th week, the survival chance is 30 to 50 percent. The point at which the child has a 50 percent chance of surviving is called limit of viability.

Cuffs

Cuffs are a layer of fabric put at the wrists. It can either be separate or as a part of long sleeves.

Swift (programming language)

Swift is a general-purpose programming language made by Apple Inc. Originally released in 2014, Swift has been known to be used for making iOS applications.

Here is a Hello world program written in swift.
// Swift "Hello world!" Program

print("Hello world!")

2015 Wimbledon Championships

The 2015 Wimbledon Championships was a Grand Slam tennis tournament. It took place at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon, England, from 29 June to 12 July 2015.

Below is a series of tables for each of the competitions showing the ranking points on offer for each event.

The total prize money for the 2015 Wimbledon Championships was £26.75m. The winners of the men's and women's singles titles will earn £1.88m. The figures for doubles events are per pair.

Socialist Republic of Serbia

The Socialist Republic of Serbia (), known as the People's Republic of Serbia () until 1963, was one of the six constituent republics of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. It became a federated republic of Yugoslavia in 1944. It included what is now Serbia and Kosovo.

Danganronpa (franchise)

Danganronpa is a mystery action visual novel video game series. It was developed by Spike Chunsoft Co Ltd (previously Spike Co Ltd) as a beta named DISTRUST. DISTRUST 
was cancelled due to the story being too dark and the setting was not usable for high school students. Two animated shows were released: Danganronpa: The Animation and Danganronpa 3: The End of Hope's Peak High School.

Makoto Naegi and 15 other talented students enter a high school for highly skilled students named Hope's Peak Academy. In the game, Makoto Naegi enters the school building before fainting and waking up in a classroom. While in the animation, Makoto steps foot onto the school and immediately falls unconscious. He then goes to the gym to meet fifteen other high school students who joined Hope's Peak Academy. After the introductions, a robotic bear named Monokuma introduces himself and states that they are trapped in the school. The only way to escape is to commit murder without getting caught by the other students. For the rest of the game/animation, Makoto and his classmates are to find the murderers. If they do not find the murderer they will be executed, if they do find the murderer, only the murderer will be executed.

Hajime Hinata and 15 other students join an academy. When Hajime enters the academy he walks into a room that is filled with binary code and a door. When he walks through the door, he enters a classroom filled with fifteen other students. They all introduce themselves. A robotic rabbit named Usami/Monomi/Magical Girl Usami appears and introduces herself as their teacher. After her introduction, she gets a magical wand and twirls it around, the ceiling and walls rip off to show a paradise beach. Afterwards on a beach, she asks them to earn 15 Friendship Fragments. Afterwards, Usami asks everyone to come back to the beach, but a random storm shows up and a silhouette of Monokuma appears on a monitor. The silhouette asks the students to meet at a place on the island named Central Park. Monokuma introduces himself on the statue in Central Park and begins the killing game. He tells them the only way to escape the island successfully is to kill another student without getting caught by the other students. For the rest of the game, Hajime and his classmates attempt to debunk the mysteries and catch the murderers.

Komaru Naegi and Toko Fukawa (from the first game) attempt to save the world from dangerous Monokuma robots. The events of this game take place between the second and first game, during the Despair event that seemed to kill off most of humanity. Komaru Naegi, Makoto Naegi's sister, has been trapped inside an apartment with no connection to the outside world for a year. Every day, she goes to the exit door but it seems to be locked from outside. However, one day, food was delivered to her and she banged on the door in an attempt to escape, as usual. A hostile Monokuma robot with sharp claws goes to attack her, chasing her across the locked apartment and the apartment building. She races to an elevator, which contains Byakuya Togami. He gives her a hacking gun, designed as a megaphone, and tells her to run to a nearby restaurant and find a member of the Future Foundation. Hostile Monokuma robots enter the restaurant and start attacking the customers, killing many of them. Afterwards, Komaru finds a Future Foundation member and they guide her to go to a helicopter. When she gets to the helicopter, she sees a kid wearing a Monokuma head singing. She gets onto the helicopter but a Monokuma robot tries to enter. After she solves this, another issue begins. A Monokuma robot was up front tinkering with the helicopter controls and drives them up into the sky. Her first failed execution begins, as she flies into the sky. The helicopter crashes, with Komaru surviving with minor damage to her body. A Monokuma robot appears in front of her, as more appear. She faints and wakes up in a room. The Ultimate Servant, Nagito Komaeda, enters the room and asks if she could come to the main room. When she enters, five children introduce themselves as the Lil' Ultimate's. They also introduce a new type of killing game named Demon Hunting where the Lil Ultimate's had a target hitlist. It was their objective to kill all adults and make it a kids only place. Komaru's second failed execution begins, as she falls down a hole with a parachute. Again, she survives with minor injuries. After this, she meets Toko Fukawa and her alternate self, Genocide Jill/Jack. For the rest of the game, they go on a mission to defeat the Lil' Ultimates together, and save the city from the evil Monokuma robots.

This animation has three seasons.

Takes place before the events of Trigger Happy Havoc. A new teacher treats the Danganronpa 2 students. Chisa Yukizome is a substitute teacher before she becomes an actual teacher at Hope's Peak Academy. In the first episode, most of the class is missing so the class that is present in the classroom and Chisa go to find all the students. As the show progresses the episode's get darker. On the final few episodes, Junko Enoshima brainwashes Chisa Yukizome, gives Chiaki Nanami false hope and death, and brainwashes all the students into committing despair-like actions.

Takes place after the events of Goodbye Despair. Older Makoto Naegi, Aoi Asahina, Kyoko/Kyouko Kirigiri, and a few others are trapped inside the Future Foundation building. The objective of this killing game is similar to the normal Danganronpa style, however there is only one killer. Everyone is given a wristband with a forbidden action and a timer. If the wristband wearer commits the forbidden action a poison will be put inside of them and make them bleed out of their eyes. It will also turn a part of the skin black and kill them. Once the timer ends a gas will be put everywhere in the building in put them to sleep. On the final episode, the show is put on a cliff hanger.

Takes place after the events of Goodbye Despair. Makoto Naegi is tasked to stop Ryota Mitarai from sending a brainwashing video (using his brainwashing technique) to the entire world which is supposed to fill them with hope. This season is only one episode long. At the end of the episode, Makoto Naegi rebuilds Hope's Peak Academy and becomes the new principal. This marks the end of Hope's Peak Academy.

Kaede Akamatsu and her classmates join a new academy, "The Ultimate School for Gifted Juveniles". Kaede introduces herself and walks out of a locker she was asleep in. She explores the classroom a bit. A detective named Shuichi Saihara falls out of a locker and begins to freak out. They both introduce themselves and tell each other how they arrived. They leave the classroom to be seen by giant mechs named Exisals, which chase them to the gym. When they enter they see 14 other students. 5 smaller versions of Monokuma appear named the Monokubs. They introduce themselves and give everyone new clothes to put on. Afterwards, a flashlight is used to erase their memory of the event and the beginning happens all over again. They all go back to the gym to find Monokuma. Monokuma begins the killing game, and Kaede and her classmates must find out the mysteries of the school and find the murderer to each case.






Each game is split up into multiple chapters. Each chapter has 3 main parts - Daily Life, Deadly Life, and the Class Trial.

Each chapter begins with Daily Life. During Daily Life, the player can walk around the school and talk to other characters. They can also find "Monocoins", the game's currency. These coins can be used to buy items from the school store.

At some points in the game, the player is given "Free Time", which allows them to speak to other characters in "Free Time Events". Each Free Time Event is a small conversation between the player and another character. The player can choose to give one of the items they have bought to start a Free Time Event. In these conversations, players can learn more about a character and their backstory. Players can also skip Free Time Events by going to sleep in their dormitory.

Once another character is killed, Deadly Life begins. During Deadly Life, the player must investigate and find clues. They can find clues by looking around the crime scene and speaking to other students.

After the player has found enough clues, the Class Trial will begin. The Class Trial is a mock trial where the students have to figure out who the killer is. The player uses the clues they have found to help figure out who the killer is in a number of minigames. At the end of the class trial, Monokuma will punish the student with an execution that follows their talent.


Channel 4 News

Channel 4 News is the main daily news programme on British TV channel, Channel 4. It is produced by ITN and has been running since Channel 4 started on 2 November 1982. It is broadcast Monday to Friday between 7:00 p.m. and 8:00 p.m. On weekends, it is broadcast at different times that can change each week. Its editor has been Ben de Pear since 2021.



Longest word in Romanian

The longest word in Romanian is , the long name of (silicosis), at 44 letters long. It is a chronic respiratory disease. Its name in English is "pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis" and it is the longest English word in a major English dictionary. However, the "Dicționarul explicativ al limbii române" ("Explanatory Dictionary of the Romanian Language", DEX) says the longest word in Romanian is , which is a medical stabilization method. It has 25 letters and comes from the French word .

The longest Romanian words are:


Most other longest Romanian words are 23 or 21 letters long.

There are other words that break other records in Romanian. The longest word with two vowels only is (an interjection) and the longest one with all vowels, including the ones with diacritics, is . Both words are in the DEX.


Minecraft Multiplayer Fun

"Minecraft Multiplayer Fun" is a video made by Felix Kjellberg. He put it on his YouTube channel (named PewDiePie) on 2 October 2010. It is the oldest video on his channel that people can still watch. The video shows Kjellberg and his friend playing the video game "Minecraft". 

Kjellberg made his YouTube channel on 29 April 2010. He made one before, called PewDie, but he forgot the password to it. The first video he put on the old channel was a different video about "Minecraft". He removed the video and does not have it again. "Minecraft Multiplayer Fun" has been said by some mass media to be the first video Kjellberg put on the newer channel. Kjellberg said he was "so shy back then". He said that sitting in a room and talking to a microphone was "so weird".

The video was put on his channel on 2 October 2010. It is the oldest video on his channel that people can watch. The video has Kjellberg and his friend Xebaz talking in Swedish and English. The next videos he put on his channel are all in English.

As of April 2021, "Minecraft Multiplayer Fun" has been seen more than 18 million times. "Business Insider" said that the video helped Kjellberg become a "huge YouTube star" (celebrity). "The New York Observer" put the video in their list of the "10 most important videos in YouTube history".


A High Wind in Jamaica (movie)

A High Wind in Jamaica is a 1965 British adventure movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick and was based on the 1929 novel of the same name by Richard Hughes. It stars Anthony Quinn, James Coburn, Deborah Baxter, Dennis Price, Lila Kedrova, Nigel Davenport, Isabel Dean, Trader Faulkner, Gert Fröbe and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Western Ghats

The Western Ghats is a mountain range in India. It is about long, by wide. It is between the Deccan Plateau and the Arabian Sea. 

Betania tree frog

The Betania tree frog ("Dendropsophus pelidna") is a frog that lives in the Andes Mountains in Venezuela. Scientists have seen it between 1200 and 2400 meters above sea level.

The Pawnbroker

The Pawnbroker is a 1964 American psychological drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Edward Lewis Wallant. It stars Rod Steiger (in his Oscar nominated role), Geraldine Fitzgerald, Brock Peters, Thelma Oliver, Jaime Sánchez, Juano Hernández and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Black Monday (1987)

Black Monday is the name commonly attached to the global, sudden and largely unexpected stock market crash on October 19, 1987. In Australia and New Zealand it is called "Black Tuesday" because of time zone differences from the United States. 

All the twenty-three major world markets had sharp declines in October 1987. Under the United States dollar, eight markets declined by 20% to 29%, three by 30% to 39% (Malaysia, Mexico and New Zealand and another three by 40% or more (Australia, Hong Kong and Singapore).

It was the sharpest market downturn in the United States since the Great Depression.

This Black Monday was called the worst in history at the time.

Circuit breakers were put up for stopping another 1987-like crash. It took two years for the Dow Jones to recover.

Pamela Melroy

Pamela Ann Melroy (born September 17, 1961) is a retired United States Air Force officer and a former NASA astronaut. She is the Deputy Administrator of NASA since 2021 during the Joe Biden administration. She served as pilot on Space Shuttle missions STS-92 and STS-112 and commanded mission STS-120 before leaving the agency in August 2009. 

Melroy will be inducted into the United States Astronaut Hall of Fame at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex.

Bella Hadid

Isabella Khair Hadid (born October 9, 1996) is an American model of Palestinian and Dutch descent. Her sister is model Gigi Hadid.

In 2016, she was voted "Model of the Year" by industry professionals for Models.com.

Patricia Healey

Patricia Healey (1 January 1936, Dorset – 4 February 2021, London) was a British singer and actress.

She appeared in the UK films The White Bus (1967), Wuthering Heights (1968) and in the R3 television show between 1963 and 1964. Her last appearance was in the 1994 television mini-series Middlemarch.

She was married to singer Engelbert Humperdinck.

Healey, who had Alzheimer's disease, died on 4 February 2021 at 85, due to complications from COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in England.

Gigi Hadid

Jelena Noura "Gigi" Hadid (born April 23, 1995) is an American supermodel. 

In November 2014, Hadid made her debut in the Top 50 Models ranking at Models.com. 

In 2016, she was named International Model of the Year by the British Fashion Council. 

Hadid has made over 40 appearances on international "Vogue" magazine covers.

She was in a relationship with English singer Zayn Malik since late 2015 until 2021. She has a daughter with Malik, Khai (born September 19, 2020). 

Allstate

The Allstate Corporation is an American insurance company, headquartered in Northfield Township, Illinois.

Allstate is a large corporation, it ranked 79th in the 2019 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total income.
The idea for Allstate Insurance Company came during a bridge game in 1930. Insurance broker Carl L. Odell proposed to Wood, his neighbor, the idea of selling auto insurance by direct mail. "Allstate Insurance Company", named after Sears’ tire brand, went into business on April 17, 1931, offering auto insurance by direct mail and through the Sears catalog.

In 1934, Allstate opened its first sales office in a Chicago Sears store.

Allstate added products throughout the 1950s, including fire insurance in 1954 and homeowners and life insurance in 1957. 

Allstate began selling insurance to Canadians in 1953. Allstate Insurance Company of Canada was registered in 1964.

In 1991, the company went public before becoming completely independent in 1995.

In 1996, their website www.allstate.com was launched.

In 2012 "Allstate Solutions Private Limited" (also called Allstate India) was opened in Bangalore which is a technology and operations centre to provides software development and business process outsourcing services to its US parent.

In 2018 — 2019, Allstate collaborated with Red Cross helped in liquidation of consequences of natural disasters in Hawaii and California.

In July 2020, Allstate announced bought of company National General Insurance for $4 billion.

André Benoît François Hyacinthe Le Berthon

André Benoît François Hyacinthe Le Berthon was a French politician. He was born on January 7, 1713 in Bordeaux (Gironde) and died April 17, 1800 in Paris.

He was the first president of the Parliament of Bordeaux on the death of his father in August 1766.

Simon-Antoine Delphin de Lamothe, admitted to the Parliament of Bordeaux at the age of 18. The pleasure of munching on his colleagues from the Palace arouses strong protests to bring the first President André-Benoît-François-Hyacinthe Le Berthon to intervene.

He was received at the Bordeaux Masonic Lodge La Française in 1773 and was its perpetual venerable from 1779.

In August 1787, the Parliament of Bordeaux, having taken up the defense of the tax-burdened people, was again exiled to Libourne. King Louis XVI again fearing riots agreed to return to Parliament in August 1788.

He was a member of the nobility at the Estates General of 1789, showing himself open to reforms. 

Hardly Working

Hardly Working is a 1980 American comedy movie directed by Jerry Lewis (who also stars) and also starring Susan Oliver, Roger C. Carmel, Deanna Lund, Harold J. Stone, Steve Franken, Buddy Lester, Leonard Stone.

Heinz

The H. J. Heinz Company is an American-Canadian food processing company headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Heinz was founded by and is named for Henry J. Heinz, who was born in the United States to German immigrants.

Henry J. Heinz began packing food at Sharpsburg, Pennsylvania, in 1869. There he founded Heinz Noble & Company with a friend, L. Clarence Noble, and began marketing horseradish.

The company went bankrupt in 1875. The following year Heinz founded another company, F & J Heinz, with his brother John Heinz and a cousin, Frederick Heinz. One of this company's first products was Heinz Tomato Ketchup. 

In 1888, Heinz bought out his two partners and reorganized the company as the H. J. Heinz Company. 

In 1905, H. J. Heinz was registered, and Heinz became its first president, holding that position for the rest of his life. Under his leadership, the company pioneered processes for sanitary food preparation.

In 1930, Howard Heinz, son of Henry Heinz, helped to fight the downturn of the Great Depression by selling ready-to-serve soups and baby food. They became top sellers. 

During World War II, Heinz helped the UK with food shortages. In the postwar years, factories of the company were built in other countries. 

In 2001, Heinz bought the pasta sauce, dry bouillon and soup business of Borden Foods. 

On February 14, 2013, it was announced that Heinz will be bought by Berkshire Hathaway and 3G Capital for $23 billion. Berkshire Hathaway and 3G would each own half of Heinz, with 3G manage the company. The acquisition was completed in June of that year.

On October 25, 2013, fast-food chain McDonald's announced it would end its 40-year relationship with Heinz, after the former Burger King chief Hees became its CEO.

On March 25, 2015, Kraft Foods Group Inc. announced that it would merge with the H. J. Heinz Company, owned by 3G Capital and Berkshire Hathaway Inc., to form the world's fifth-largest food and beverage company. The companies completed the merger on July 2, 2015. 

The company produces beans, dressings, pastas, sauces, soups.

Alain Chastagnol

Alain Chastagnol, born February 15, 1945 in Paris, died January 15, 2010 in the same city, is a media manager and a French politician, deputy mayor of Souillac.

he was in charge of mission in Seychelles for the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs then chief of staff at the Ministry of Foreign Trade.

In 1977, at the age of 32, he took the previously communist town hall of Souillac, and remained so until 2008. As such, he supported the development of the Souillac jazz festival, he participated in access to the A20 motorway ( France) with Jacques Chirac, and the creation of the Souillac exit, the Brive-Souillac Airport project. He sometimes stays in Paris, sometimes in his house in Calès.

Elected deputy of Lot (RPR) from March 1986 to May 1988, he was also general councilor of the Lot from 1985 to 2004 and regional councilor of Midi-Pyrénées from 1992 to 1998.

Among his friendly relations he counted Philippine de Rothschild. He organized the twinning of the town of Souillac with the village of Souillac in Mauritius.

In 2005, Alain Chastagnol, mayor of the city, receives from the hands of Jean-Louis Debré, the Marianne d'Or 2005. The national competition of “Marianne d'Or” rewards each year action, creativity, rigor, dedication and passion for local democracy in villages and towns in France.

In 2007, he was made an officer of the Legion of Honor.

It will take 6 years to see a UMP mayor win the municipal elections of Souillac in the person of Jean-Michel Sanfourche. An absolute majority obtained in the first round against three other candidates that only Alain Chastagnol had managed to obtain with a similar score in 1977, during his first election

In 2015, the municipality of Jean-Michel Sanfourche, honors the one who was mayor of the city Alain-Chastagnol, with an esplanade.

Mysore curse

The Mysore curse is a legend about the Wadiyars, a family that ruled the Vijayanagar Empire, which is today in India. The queen of the last dynasty, Alamelamma, wife of King Tirumalaraja, put the curse on them.

When the Wadiyars took over the empire in 1612, Queen Alamelamma tried to run away with some treasure. Raja Wodeyar's soldiers caught her. She jumped into a river and shouted the curse: That the land would be barren and that the Wadiyars would not have children. The curse also said a whirlpools would swallow a village.

Since then, Wadiyar kings had male children only once every two generations. Many Wadiyar kings and queens have adopted children, for example nephews or cousins.

In 2017, Yaduveer Krishnadatta Chamaraja Wodeyar and his wife, Trishika Kumari, had a healthy baby boy.

Post box

A post box, also known as pillar box, also known as a collection box, mailbox, letter box or drop box (American English) is a box where people can put mail for sending. The mail is collected by the agents of the postal service. 

The term post box can also refer to a private letter box for incoming mail.

Savoonga Airport

Savoonga Airport is an airport in Savoonga, Alaska.

Videodrome

Videodrome is a 1983 Canadian American science fiction horror movie directed by David Cronenberg and starring James Woods, Debbie Harry, Sonja Smits, Leslie Carlson, Jack Creley. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and is a cult classic.


Užice

Užice is a town in Serbia. As of 2011, its population was 59,747.

Visiting Hours

Visiting Hours is a 1982 Canadian horror movie directed by Jean-Claude Lord and starring Lee Grant, Michael Ironside, Linda Purl, William Shatner, Harvey Atkin, Lenore Zann. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Mobile game

A mobile game is a video game designed to be played on mobile phones or tablets. The first game ever played on a mobile phone was a version of "Tetris", which was available on the Hagenuk MT-2000 device in 1994.

In 1997, Nokia introduced a game called "Snake". It was already installed on many Nokia mobile devices and has become one of the most popular games. The Nokia 6110 had a version of "Snake" that allowed two players to play using the infrared port, making it the first of many two-player games for mobile phones.

Nowadays, mobile games are typically downloaded from an app store. However, there are also instances where games come pre-installed on handheld devices by the manufacturer or mobile operator. This can be done through an infrared connection, Bluetooth, memory card, or by directly transferring the game to the device using a cable.

Fauna of Australia

The fauna of Australia is different from that of Asia. Some 83% of mammals, 89% of reptiles, 90% of fish and insects and 93% of amphibians that inhabit the continent are "endemic to Australia". 

The fauna is quite different from that of New Zealand, but is similar to that of New Guinea. That comes about because New Zealand is a volcanic oceanic island with no historical connection with Australia. Its animals have not come from Australia. On the other hand, New Guinea is an island on the same continental plate as Australia, and on the same side of the Wallace line. This was discovered by Alfred Russel Wallace, and explained in a famous series of books. These two huge islands were both part of the ancient continent of Gondwana, and were not (until modern times) inhabited by animals from Asia. As Gondwana broke up, its two main pieces had marsupial mammals. Eutherian mammals had not arrived from Eurasia. 

This high level of endemism is explained by the continent's long geographic isolation and its tectonic stability (few earthquakes, volcanoes and recent mountain formations). Australia has few placental mammals. Marsupials occupy many of the ecological niches which placental animals occupy elsewhere in the world.
Marsupials are a group of mammals that raise their young in a pouch, including the macropods, possums and dasyuromorphs. 

Australia is home to two of the five known species of monotremes and has numerous venomous species, which include the platypus, spiders, scorpions, octopus, jellyfish, molluscs, stonefish, and stingrays. Uniquely, Australia has more venomous than non-venomous species of snakes.

The settlement of Australia by Indigenous Australians was between 48,000 and 70,000 years ago. Research in 2011 using DNA suggested an arrival around 50,000 years ago. Europeans came from 1788, and significantly affected the fauna. Hunting, the introduction of non-native species, and land-management practices involving the modification or destruction of habitats have led to many extinctions. Some historical examples include the paradise parrot, pig-footed bandicoot and the broad-faced potoroo. Unsustainable land use still threatens the survival of many species. To protect the survival of its fauna, Australia has passed wide-ranging federal and state legislation and established protected areas.

National Lampoon's Class Reunion

National Lampoon's Class Reunion is a 1982 American horror comedy movie directed by Michael Miller and starring Gerrit Graham, Michael Lerner, Misty Rowe, Blackie Dammett, Fred McCarren, Miriam Flynn, Stephen Furst, Mews Small, Randy Powell, Zane Buzby. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Chosen (1981 movie)

The Chosen is a 1981 American drama movie directed by Jeremy Kagan and was based on the novel of the same name by Chaim Potok. It stars Rod Steiger, Maximilian Schell, Robby Benson, Barry Miller, Ron Rifkin, Lonny Price, Jeff Marcus, John Pankow and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah

Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah (1565 – 11 January 1612) was the fifth sultan of the Qutb Shahi dynasty of Golkonda and founded the city of Hyderabad, in South-central India and built its architectural centerpiece, the Charminar and Mecca Masjid. He was an able administrator and his reign is considered one of the high points of the Qutb Shahi dynasty. He ascended to the throne in 1580 at the age of 15 and ruled for 31 years.
Mausoleum of Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah in Hyderabad.
Muhammad Quli Qutub Shah was the third son of Ibrahim Quli Qutb Shah Wali and Bhagirathi. He was an accomplished poet and wrote his poetry in Persian, Telugu and Urdu. As the first author in the Urdu language, he composed his verses in the Persian "diwan" style, and his poems consisted of verses relating to a single topic, "gazal-i musalsal". Muhammad Quli's "Kulliyat" comprised 1800 pages, over half were "gazals", "qasidas" on one hundred pages, while the rest contained over 300 pages of "matnawi" and "marsiyas."
Charminar in Hyderabad was built by Quli Qutub Shah

Muhammad Quli built the city of Hyderabad on the southern bank of the Musi River in 1591. He called architects from all around the world to lay out the city, which was built on a grid plan. The city was named in the remembrance of 4th Caliph of Islam or 1st Imam of Shia Muslim Ali Ibne Abi Talib. He constructed Char Minar and Makkah Masjid. He was the one who laid foundation stone of Makkah Masjid after checking that there was no one in the crowd who never skipped a single prayer except him.

Quli Qutb Shah was a scholar of Arabic, Persian and Telugu languages. He wrote poetry in Urdu, Persian, and Telugu. His poetry has been compiled into a volume entitled "Kulliyat-e-Quli Qutub Shah." He had the distinction of being the first "Saheb-e-dewan" Urdu poet and is credited with introducing a new sensibility into prevailing genres of Persian/Urdu poetry.

Greensleeves

Greensleeves is a song from the 1500s. People say King Henry VIII wrote it about Anne Boleyn, but that is probably not true. Greensleeves is in minor key. Its verses have a (CESH) pattern, and it has a major key chorus. Ending traditionally Tierce de Picardie.

The Christmas song "What Child Is This?" is sung to the same music as "Greensleeves" but the words are different.

The Strange Love of Martha Ivers

The Strange Love of Martha Ivers is a 1946 American crime drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and was based on the short story "Love Lies Bleeding" by John Patrick. It stars Kirk Douglas (in his movie debut), Barbara Stanwyck, Van Heflin, Lizabeth Scott, Darryl Hickman, Janis Wilson, Judith Anderson, Frank Orth, Blake Edwards and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1947.


Iryna Madziy

Iryna Madziy (; 12 March 1970 – 11 April 2021) was a Ukrainian journalist and editor. She was a member of the National Union of Journalists of Ukraine (2007).

Madziy died in Borshchiv on 11 April 2021, aged 51.

Crete, Nebraska

Crete is a city in Saline County, Nebraska.

Geleen

Geleen is a city in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2020, 31,670 people lived there.

Since 2001, it is part of the new municipality of Sittard-Geleen.

Zhuang

Zhuang may refer to:


Animal feed

Animal feed is food given to all kinds of animals. It is mostly given to livestock.

A Separation

A Separation (, meaning "The Separation of Nader from Simin") is a 2011 Iranian French Australian drama movie directed by Asghar Farhadi and starring Leila Hatami, Peyman Moaadi, Sarina Farhadi, Ali-Asghar Shahbazi, Sareh Bayat, Shahab Hosseini, Babak Karimi. It was nominated for 2 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 2012.


The Greeks Had a Word for Them

The Greeks Had a Word for Them is a 1932 American comedy movie directed by Lowell Sherman and is based on the play "The Greeks Had a Word for It" by Zoe Akins. It stars Joan Blondell, Madge Evans, Ina Claire, David Manners, Lowell Sherman, Phillips Smalley, Sidney Bracey, Louise Beavers, Wilson Benge, Ward Bond and was distributed by United Artists.

Movement for Socialism (Bolivia)

The Movement for Socialism–Political Instrument for the Sovereignty of the Peoples (, abbreviated MAS-IPSP, or simply MAS), alternately referred to as the Movement Toward Socialism or the Movement to Socialism ( ), is a Bolivian left-wing populist and indigenist political party led by Evo Morales, founded in 1998. Its followers are known as "Masistas".

Castex-d'Armagnac

Castex-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Michel Mongeau

Michel Mongeau (February 9, 1965 – May 22, 2010) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. Mongeau was born in Nuns' Island, Quebec.

As a youth, Mongeau played in the 1977 and 1978 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournaments with a minor ice hockey team from Verdun, Quebec.

He played 54 games in the National Hockey League: 50 with the St. Louis Blues and four with the Tampa Bay Lightning. He died May 22, 2010 from cancer.

Fernand Dupuy

Fernand Dupuy is a French politician. He was born March 2, 1917 in Jumilhac-le-Grand in Dordogne and died June 15, 1999 in Limoges. He was a member of the French Communist Party. He was general councilor of the Seine, mayor of Choisy-le-Roi and deputy for the Seine and then for Val-de-Marne.

In 1948, he moved to Choisy-le-Roi to provide the secretariat for Maurice Thorez, a task he carried out until 1951, and from 1947 to 1964, he was part of the Central Committee of the PCF.

General councilor of the Seine from 1953 to 1967, mayor of Choisy-le-Roi from 1959 to 1979, he sat in the National Assembly as deputy for the Seine, then for Val-de-Marne, from 1962 to 1978.

Edmond Michelet

Edmond Charles Octave Michelet was a French politician, born October 8, 1899 in Paris 19th, and died October 9, 1970 in Brive-la-Gaillarde (Corrèze).

On June 17, 1940, he distributed leaflets in mailboxes in Brive denouncing the spirit of surrender and thus calling for the Resistance through a work by Charles Péguy, L'Argent, suite. He takes up a leaflet with a text by Péguy: "He who does not surrender is right against those who surrender".

People come into contact with Edmond Michelet, ensuring the distribution of the underground press, in particular Combat and the communist newspapers Germain Auboiroux, Robert Delord, Henry and his brother Édouard Valéry.

Leader of the Resistance Combat movement in Limousin (region R5) under the name of Duval, he was arrested on February 25, 1943 in Brive-la-Gaillarde by the Gestapo. Transferred to Fresnes where he was held in solitary confinement, he was deported in September 1943 to Dachau.

Elected deputy for Corrèze under the MRP label in 1945, Edmond Michelet became Minister of the Armies under General de Gaulle on November 21, 1945, a position he held until December 16, 1946. Reelected deputy in 1946 (Second National Constituent Assembly and National Assembly), he sat at the Palais-Bourbon but was defeated in 1951.

He was a senator for the Seine between 1952 and 1959 (vice-president of the Council of the Republic in 1958).

In 1963, at the request of General de Gaulle, he founded the France-Algeria Association. Edmond Michelet became Minister of State, in charge of the Civil Service, from April 6, 1967 to May 31, 1968 (Georges Pompidou IV government), then succeeded André Malraux as Minister of Cultural Affairs, from June 20, 1969 to his death (Jacques government Chaban-Delmas).

A fine connoisseur of Charles Péguy, he befriended the De Gaulle family, or the painter Marc Chagall. André Malraux said of him that he was “the chaplain of France”.

The solemn funeral for Edmond Michelet takes place in the Collegiate Church of Saint-Martin in Brive-la-Gaillarde, a mass will be concelebrated by eight priests, former deportees from the Dachau concentration camp. A speech by the Prime Minister, Jacques Chaban-Delmas. the burial took place, in accordance with the wishes of the deceased, in the chapel of Notre-Dame-de-la-Paix then in his deportee's habit from Dachau. Edmond Michelet had it built in 1959, a hundred meters from his house in Marcillac.

Francis Wathier

Francis Wathier (born December 7, 1984) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger.

Wathier was originally drafted by the Dallas Stars and played for their farm team the Texas Stars. He has had three stints with the Dallas Stars, playing in two games in October 2009, three games in February 2010, and one game in the 2011–12 season. In 2011, he was named an AHL All-Star and scored two goals for the Western Conference in an 11–8 loss to the Eastern Conference. On March 9, 2014, Wathier was traded to the Milwaukee Admirals. On October 21, 2014, Wathier was signed to a professional try-out by the Portland Pirates.

HD 100546

HD 100546 or KR Muscae is a star. It is a pre-main-sequence star. It is 361.4 light-years away from the Earth. In the night sky, it is in the constellation of Musca. It has one planet. The plant is 6.5 AU away from HD 100546. The star has a disks of dust and rocks around it. One of these disk is 0.2 to 4 AU from the star and another is 13 AU out to a few hundred AU. Scientists think there might be a protoplanet between these two circumstellar disks, around 47 AU from the star.

Scientists believe this star is 10 million years old.

The planetary system contains at least 3 members: "HD 100546 b" and a protoplanet forming in denser regions of the circumstellar disks (c).
"HD 100546 b" or "KR Muscae b" is a large gas giant exoplanet or a sub-brown dwarf star orbiting HD 100546 6.5 AU away from its host star. HD 100546 b might be the largest exoplanet discovered because it is exactly 7.0560720927 times the diameter of Jupiter which is 986,580 km.

The Hubble Space Telescope observed a complex spiral pattern in the circumstellar disks. The young protoplanet designated "HD 100546" c or "KR Muscae C", is a possible exoplanet forming 47 AU away from the host star. It has the temperature of 227 K (or -46.15°C).

Mission: Impossible III

Mission: Impossible III is a 2006 American action spy movie directed by first-time director J. J. Abrams and is the third movie in the "" series. It stars Tom Cruise, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Ving Rhames, Billy Crudup, Michelle Monaghan, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Keri Russell, Maggie Q, Simon Pegg, Eddie Marsan and Laurence Fishburne. The movie was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The movie had several changes in directors. The development for a third "Mission: Impossible" movie started in 2002, with David Fincher being the intended director. He left due to creative differences. His replacement, Joe Carnahan, also left the movie production in July 2004 due to the same reason. Abrams was hired months later after he was approached by Cruise, who wanted him to direct the movie as he was a fan of Abrams' "Alias" (2001–2006). However, this caused the movie to be further delayed due to Abrams' contract obligations for "Alias" and "Lost" (2006–2010), which resulted in potential cast additions such as Kenneth Branagh, Carrie-Anne Moss and Scarlett Johansson to leave. Principal photography began in July 2005 and ended in October. Filming locations include Shanghai, Berlin, Rome, Los Angeles, and the Vatican City.

"Mission: Impossible III" premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 26, 2006, and was released in the United States on May 5. The sequel, "", was released in 2011. 

In 2002, director David Fincher was supposed to direct the next movie of the "Mission: Impossible" series. It was intended to be released in the summer of 2004. Fincher eventually dropped out because he wanted to focus on "Lord of Dogtown" (2005). He later said that it was due to creative differences in the direction of the movie. Joe Carnahan was chosen to replace Fincher, and worked on developing the movie for fifteen months. Under Carnahan's direction, the movie would have featured "Kenneth Branagh playing a guy who's based on Timothy McVeigh," as well as Carrie-Anne Moss and Scarlett Johansson in other roles. 

Carnahan quit in July 2004 due to a dispute over the movie's tone. J. J. Abrams was then offered the director's role by Tom Cruise after he had binge-watched the first two seasons of "Alias". Abrams eventually signed on and production was delayed due to his contract obligations with "Alias" and "Lost". Due to the delay, Branagh, Moss, and Johansson departed from the project. Ricky Gervais was cast as Benjamin Dunn, but also left the project due to scheduling conflicts with "For Your Consideration" (2006) as a result of production delays. On June 8, 2005, the movie was given the green light by Paramount Pictures after a new cast of actors was hired and the movie's budget was redeveloped, and Cruise took a major pay cut. 

On Rotten Tomatoes, 71% of 225 ratings are positive. The average rating is 6.60/10. On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 66 out of 100 based on 42 critic reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".


Moosach (Munich)

Moosach ( ; Central Bavarian: "Moosach," "Minga") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

Olivier Michaud

Olivier Léo Patrick Alexandre Michaud (born September 14, 1983) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey goaltender. He played one game for the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League (NHL) during the 2001–02 season.

Sinop, Turkey

Sinop is a city in northern Turkey. The city is in the Karadeniz Region. In 2020, 65,489 people lived there.

Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol

Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol is a 2011 American spy action movie directed by Brad Bird (in his live-action debut). The screenplay is written by Josh Appelbaum and André Nemec. It is the sequel to "" (2006) and the fourth movie in the "Mission: Impossible" series. The movie was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

It stars Tom Cruise, Jeremy Renner, Simon Pegg and Paula Patton. The supporting cast includes Josh Holloway, Anil Kapoor, Michael Nyqvist, Vladimir Mashkov, Samuli Edelmann and Léa Seydoux. 

Its sequel, "", was released in 2015.


"Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol" premiered at the Dubai International Film Festival on December 7, 2011. It was released in IMAX and select large-format theaters in the United States on December 16, with a general release on December 21.

On Rotten Tomatoes, 93% of 253 reviews are positive. The average rating is 7.70/10. On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 73 out of 100 based on 47 critic reviews, indicating "generally favorable" reviews.


Joakim Jensen

Joakim Jensen is a retired Norwegian professional ice hockey player who spent most of his career with Storhamar of the Norwegian GET-ligaen. Jensen scored the overtime game-winning goal against Sparta in the longest professional ice hockey game of all time, game 5 of the 2016–17 quarterfinals.

La Salle, Aosta Valley

La Salle is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

La Thuile, Aosta Valley

La Thuile is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Lillianes

Lillianes is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Normand Cournoyer

Normand Cournoyer (born March 17, 1951) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player.

During the 1973–74 season, Cournoyer played 13 games with the Cleveland Crusaders, and during the 1976–77 season he played 19 games with the San Diego Mariners, both of the World Hockey Association.

D (musical note)

D or Re is the first note of the D major scale.

B (musical note)

B, Ti or Si is a musical note and is the first note of the B major scale.

C is the same pitch as B but is not usually seen as the same. It is used in an instance where B♭ comes before a B natural and a C♭ is used in place of the B to avoid confusion.

G (musical note)

G, So or Sol is a musical note which is the first note of the G major scale.

Hadern

Hadern is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

La Thuile

La Thuile is the name of three places in Europe:

La Thuile, Savoie

La Thuile is a commune in the Savoie department.

Lathuile

Lathuile is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department.

Castillon-Debats

Castillon-Debats is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Castillon-Massas

Castillon-Massas is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Castillon-Savès

Castillon-Savès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Castin

Castin is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Catonvielle

Catonvielle is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Caupenne-d'Armagnac

Caupenne-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Caussens

Caussens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mercenasco

Mercenasco is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Gassino Torinese

Gassino Torinese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cazaubon

Cazaubon is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Cazaux-d'Anglès

Cazaux-d'Anglès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Cazaux-Savès

Cazaux-Savès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Cazaux-Villecomtal

Cazaux-Villecomtal is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Cazeneuve, Gers

Cazeneuve is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Céran

Céran is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Cézan

Cézan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Alytus

Alytus is a city in Lithuania. It is the capital of Alytus County.

Alytus was first mentioned in 1337 by Wigand of Marburg in his written chronicles.

Chélan

Chélan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Clermont-Pouyguillès

Clermont-Pouyguillès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Clermont-Savès

Clermont-Savès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Cologne, Gers

Cologne is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Corneillan

Corneillan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


North Frisian language

North Frisian is a language that is mostly spoken in the Schleswig-Holstein state of Germany. It uses the Latin alphabet like other Frisian languages. It is spoken by about 8,000 people and also is broken into dialects that are mutually unintelligible.

Saterland Frisian language

Saterland Frisian is a language that is mostly spoken in the Saterland region of Germany. It uses the Latin alphabet like other Frisian languages. It is rarely spoken as its native speakers are very old.

Saterland

The Saterland (Saterland Frisian: , ) is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is between the cities of Leer, Cloppenburg, and Oldenburg. It is home to Saterland Frisians, who speak Frisian and German.

The municipality of Saterland was formed in 1974, when the smaller municipalities Strücklingen ("Strukelje" in Saterland Frisian), Ramsloh ("Roomelse"), Sedelsberg ("Seeidelsbierich") and Scharrel ("Schäddel") were combined.

Triangle tree frog

The triangle tree frog ("Dendropsophus triangulum") is a frog that lives in Ecuador, Peru and Brazil. Scientists have seen it between 34 and 387 meters above sea level.

This frog is brown in color with yellow or white stripes. At least a few frogs have a spot on their necks in the shape of a triangle. The adult male frog is 28.6 to 34.4 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 37.5 to 41.9 mm long. The female frog lays eggs on leaves so that the tadpoles fall into the water.

Humam beings have seen this frog in swamps, secondary forest, and near ponds.


Emporium, Pennsylvania

Emporium is a borough in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is the county seat of Cameron County.

Ludmila Guzun

Ludmila Guzun (26 June 1961 – 16 April 2021) was a Moldovan politician, who served as a Deputy of the Moldovan Parliament for the Ungheni District.

Guzun was elected to the Moldovan Parliament on 24 February 2019 representing the Democratic Party of Moldova.

On 7 April 2021, Guzun tested positive for COVID-19 and was hospitalised in intensive care.

Guzun died from complications relating to COVID-19 at 03:00 on 16 April 2021.

Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia

Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia or Sesquipedaliophobia is the fear of long words. It is mostly a joke from the fact that it's a long word itself. The phobia is the second longest word in the English language.

Boufflers

Boufflers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bécordel-Bécourt

Bécordel-Bécourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Quentin-la-Motte-Croix-au-Bailly

Saint-Quentin-la-Motte-Croix-au-Bailly is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Couloumé-Mondebat

Couloumé-Mondebat is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Anisodontea

Anisodontea is a genus of flowering plants in the tribe Malveae of the mallow family Malvaceae.

"Anisodontea alexandrii"
"Anisodontea anomala"
"Anisodontea biflora"
"Anisodontea bryoniifolia"
"Anisodontea capensis"
"Anisodontea dissecta"
"Anisodontea dregeana"
"Anisodontea elegans"
"Anisodontea fruticosa"
"Anisodontea gracilis"
"Anisodontea hypomandarum"
"Anisodontea julii"
"Anisodontea malvastroides"
"Anisodontea procumbens"
"Anisodontea pseudocapensis"
"Anisodontea racemosa"
"Anisodontea reflexa"
"Anisodontea scabrosa"
"Anisodontea setosa"
"Anisodontea theronii"
"Anisodontea triloba"

Cadet grey

Cadet grey is a blue-greyish shade of the color grey.
A blue-ish shade of Cadet grey
A darker shade of Cadet grey


Berteaucourt-les-Dames

Berteaucourt-les-Dames is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Eppeville

Eppeville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Silkwood

Silkwood is a 1983 American biographical drama movie directed by Mike Nichols and starring Meryl Streep, Cher, Kurt Russell, Craig T. Nelson, Fred Ward, Ron Silver, Diana Scarwid, Tess Harper, Charles Hallahan, Bruce McGill, M. Emmet Walsh. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 5 Academy Awards in 1984.


Regarding Henry

Regarding Henry is a 1991 American drama movie directed by Mike Nichols and starring Harrison Ford, Annette Bening, Bill Nunn, Rebecca Miller, Bruce Altman, Elizabeth Wilson, Donald Moffat, John Leguizamo. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The movie is about an ambitious, ruthless, immoral, narcissistic, wealthy and successful lawyer from Manhattan who lives for his career and neglects his wife and daughter. When he is shot while stumbling upon a robbery, he loses his memory, how to talk and walk, and needs to learn how to talk, walk and regain his memory, including remembering his family.


Venom (1971 movie)

Venom is a 1971 British horror movie directed by Peter Sykes and starring Neda Arnerić, Sheila Allen, Derek Newark, Terence Soall, Gerard Heinz, Gertan Klauber.


Domino Tiles

Domino Tiles is a Unicode block that has characters of domino tiles. It shows each combination of 0 to 6 dots, both horizontal and vertical. It also has the back side of a domino tile.

LNER Class A3 4472 Flying Scotsman

LNER A1 and A3 4472 Flying Scotsman is a British steam locomotive. It is a LNER Class A3 locomotive, and has a 4-6-2 wheel configuration. It was built in 1923, during the Interwar period in the aftermath of World War 1 from 1918-1939. It was originally built as an LNER Class A1 Pacific in 1923 and it was rebuilt in 1947 as a A3 Pacific after World War 2 ended in 1945. It was withdrawn in 1963 and later preserved and saved from being scrapped during the Cold War.


Russian Embassy School in London

The Russian Embassy School in London (), previously the Soviet Embassy School in London, is a Russian international school in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, London that started in 1954. The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs runs it. It had 150 students in 2015.

Students from Russian diplomat families can attend if the Russian Ambassador chooses to allow them to.



Jardins de Marqueyssac

The Marqueyssac gardens are located in the town of Vézac, in the French department of Dordogne, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. They are on the list of remarkable gardens in France.

Nineteen hectares form a site classified for its "picturesque and historical interest" since the ministerial decree of December 16, 1969.

Laid out on a rocky outcrop 130 meters above the river, the park offers a view of the valley, castles and neighboring villages, including Beynac-et-Cazenac, Fayrac, Castelnaud, La Roque-Gageac and Domme.

6:3 Play It Again Tutti

6:3 Play It Again Tutti () is a 1999 Hungarian comedy movie directed by Péter Tímár and starring Károly Eperjes, Kriszta Szalay, Tamás Cseh, Ferenc Kállai, Györgyi Kari, András Kern, Tamás Fodor, László Gálffi, Tamás Végvári, Attila Lõte.

Ginger (1935 movie)

Ginger is a 1935 American comedy-drama movie directed by Lewis Seiler and starring Jane Withers, O. P. Heggie, Jackie Searl, Katharine Alexander, Walter Woolf King. It was distributed by Fox Film Corporation.

Acireale

Acireale is an Italian city in Sicily. About 53,000 people live there.

Fasano

Fasano is a city in southern Italy. Fasano is in the Apulia Region. It has about 39,600 people.

Rimella

Rimella is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Vercelli.

Rimella is next to these municipalities: Bannio Anzino, Calasca-Castiglione, Cravagliana, Fobello, and Valstrona.

Carcoforo

Carcoforo is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Vercelli.

Carcoforo is next to these municipalities: Alto Sermenza, Bannio Anzino, Ceppo Morelli, Fobello and Macugnaga.

Claviere

Claviere is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is near the border with France.

The comune has about 200 inhabitants.

San Giusto Canavese

San Giusto Canavese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Béhencourt

Béhencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bellancourt

Bellancourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Action Max

The Action Max is a home video game console. The games that run on it came on VHS tapes. It was made in 1987 by Worlds of Wonder. Its release was limited outside the United States.

The Action Max requires a VCR because it cannot play VHS tapes. Light guns are used to simulate shooting the screen. The games are played by getting or losing points depending on how good the shots are, making it not possible to win or lose. The system lost popularity quickly because of this and the only games for it were light gun games of different themes that play the same way every time.

The red sensor must be placed on the bottom right corner of the television screen. The games contain a black circle there that flashes white quickly when something can be shot. The targets flash at the same time. These are used to see if something has been hit. The targets that flash the exact same are enemies, adding points. The targets that flash wrong are friendly, losing points.

All of this allows games to be stored on any format, not just VHS, as long as the video is made to work with the light gun.

Five VHS tapes came out for the system:

A planned sixth cassette, "Fright Night" (possibly based on the 1985 horror movie of the same name), did not come out because the Action Max was discontinued.




Electra, My Love

Electra, My Love () is a 1974 Hungarian drama movie directed by Miklós Jancsó and starring Mari Törőcsik, György Cserhalmi, József Madaras, Mária Bajcsay, Lajos Balázsovits, Gabi Jobba.

Great Cornard

Great Cornard is a village and civil parish in Babergh, Suffolk, England. In 2011, there were 8,908 people living in Great Cornard.

Amphoteric oxide

Amphoteric oxides are oxides which have properties of both acidic and basic oxides. The property is known as amphoterism. Generally non-metallic oxides are acidic and metallic oxides are basic. Some non-metallic oxides are neutral and some metallic and semi-metallic oxides are amphoteric. 

As these oxides can act as either an acid or a base, they can neutralize both acids and bases. For example, aluminium oxide (AlO) reacts with hydrochloric acid to form aluminium chloride and water. With sodium hydroxide solution it reacts into sodium aluminate (NaAlO) and water. 

Amphoteric oxides have both acidic and basic properties. The oxides of aluminium and zinc can be used as examples. They react with acids and alkalis to form salts and water. The metals become cations in the former case and oxoanions in the latter. 

Examples:

ZnO(s) + 2 HNO(aq) → Zn(NO)(aq) + HO(l)

ZnO(s) + 2 NaOH(aq) → NaZnO(aq) + HO(l)
AlO(s) + 6 HCl(aq) → 2 AlCl(aq) + 3 HO(l)

AlO(s) + 2 NaOH(aq) → 2 NaAlO(aq) + HO(l)
ZnO, BeO, AlO, MnO, CrO, PbO, SnO are all amphoteric. 

Zincates (ZnO) and aluminates (AlO) have the ending -ate to show that their ions are compound ions containing oxygen – rather like sulfates, carbonates and nitrates. Note that sodium zincate and sodium aluminate are soluble in water.

Jonava

Jonava is a city in Lithuania. Jonava has a population of about 26 thousand people, which makes it the ninth-largest city in Lithuania. It is in Kaunas County. The city has a fertilizer factory.

Jonava was established (built) in 1750. A bishop named Juozapas Kazimieras Kosakovskis ordered for a wooden church to be built here in 1776.

Henri Lasserre

Joseph-Henri Lasserre (25 February 1828 – 22 July 1900) de Monzie is a French Catholic journalist and writer. He married Aurélie-Clémence Vasseur on September 8, 1868, with whom he had a daughter, Marie Marthe Lasserre de Monzie, wife of Abbadie d'Arrast, author of several biographies, news under the pseudonym of Henriaur.

Belleuse

Belleuse is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Belloy-en-Santerre

Belloy-en-Santerre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Stock market crash

A stock market crash is a sudden and dramatic decline of stock prices. Crashes often result in a major loss of paper wealth.

Crashes are associated with panic selling and underlying economic factors.

Crashes usually come after speculation and economic bubbles.

Crashes are often though not always associated with bear markets. For example, the stock market crash of 1987 didn't lead to a bear market.

Bouquemaison

Bouquemaison is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Lough Leane

Lough Leane is a lake in the Killarney National Park, located in Killarney, Ireland.

Belloy-Saint-Léonard

Belloy-Saint-Léonard is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bergicourt

Bergicourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Burt Baskin

Burt Baskin (December 17, 1913, Illinois – December 24, 1967, Studio City, Los Angeles) was the founder of Baskin-Robbins. He was the son of a Jewish American businessman who owned a clothing store. He attended the University of Illinois and graduated in 1935. After graduation, he joined his father’s clothing business. Later, he opened his own men’s clothing shop on the ground floor of historic Palmer House Hotel in Chicago. During World War II, he served in the US Navy and was assigned in the Southwest Pacific.

He met Irv Robbins when he began dating Robbins' sister in 1941. He soon married into the family, became good friends with Robbins, and the two men decided to go into the ice cream business. At the suggestion of Robbins' father, however, they each opened separate stands, so that each man could better understand the responsibilities of running their own business. Baskin opened his Burton's ice cream stand in 1945, while Robbins opened a shop called Snowbird. They each had several stores by the time they merged in 1948, forming the company that was renamed Baskin-Robbins in 1953.

The company had 43 stores by the end of 1949, more than 100 by 1960 and about 500 when the ice cream empire was sold to United Fruit Company for an estimated $12 million in 1967. Robbins stayed involved with the company for 11 more years and retired in 1978. Twenty-five years later, Baskin-Robbins had become the world's largest chain of ice cream stores, with 5,500 outlets around the world.

Baskin died from a heart attack at his home in Studio City, California on December 24, 1967.

Hisham Bastawisy

Hisham Mohammed Osman Bastawisy () was an Egyptian judge and the vice president of the Egyptian Court of Cassation. He was one of the leaders of the Egyptian opposition before and during the 2011 Egyptian revolution. 

He ran for President of Egypt during the 2012 elections as a Tagammu nominee.

He died on April 17 2021, aged 69.

Lainingthou (disambiguation)

Lainingthou or Lai Ningthou may refer to:

Courrensan

Courrensan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Courties

Courties is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Crastes

Crastes is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Cravencères

Cravencères is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sartirana Lomellina

Sartirana Lomellina is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Gambarana

Gambarana is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is about 60 km southwest of Milan and about 35 km southwest of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, 267 people lived there. It has an area of 11.78 km².

Gambarana is next to these municipalities: Bassignana, Frascarolo, Isola Sant'Antonio, Mede, Pieve del Cairo, Suardi.

Clivio

Clivio is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is about northwest of Milan and about northeast of Varese, on the border with Switzerland. As of 31 December 2004, 2,010 people lived there. It has an area of 2.98 km².

Clivio is next to these municipalities: Cantello, Mendrisio (Switzerland), Saltrio, Stabio (Switzerland), Viggiù.

Melbourne Museum

Melbourne Museum is a museum in Melbourne, Australia.

Zhemgang

Zhemgang is a town in Zhemgang District, Bhutan. In 2005, 2,332 people lived there.

Cantello

Cantello is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is about northwest of Milan and about east of Varese, on the border with Switzerland. As of 31 December 2004, 4,409 people lived there. It has an area of 9.13 km².

The municipality has two "frazioni": Gaggiolo and Ligurno.

Cantello is next to these municipalities: Arcisate, Cagno, Clivio, Malnate, Rodero, Stabio (Switzerland), Varese, Viggiù.


Agra, Lombardy

Agra is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy. As of 31 December 2019, 408 people lived there. It has an area of 2.8 km².

Agra is next to these municipalities: Dumenza, Luino, Maccagno con Pino e Veddasca.


Saronno

Saronno is an Italian city in Lombardy. Saronno is in the Province of Varese. It has 39,419 people.

Issiglio

Issiglio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Bernâtre

Bernâtre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Niederbergkirchen

Niederbergkirchen is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Planegg

Planegg is a municipality in Munich, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Würm, 13 km west of Munich (centre).


Pullach

Pullach, officially Pullach i. Isartal, is a municipality in Munich in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Isar Valley Railway and is served by the S 7 line of the Munich S-Bahn, at the Großhesselohe Isartalbahnhof, Pullach and Höllriegelskreuth railway stations.

Sauerlach

Sauerlach is a municipality in Munich in Bavaria in Germany.

Schäftlarn

Schäftlarn is a municipality in Munich in Bavaria in Germany. It consists of the villages Ebenhausen, Hohenschäftlarn, Kloster Schäftlarn, Neufahrn and Zell. The river Isar runs through it. A human settlement with the name "Schäftlarn" does not exist.

Bernaville

Bernaville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bernes

Bernes is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. In 2018, 352 people lived there.

Sant'Antonino di Susa

Sant'Antonino di Susa is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cartigny, Somme

Cartigny is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Berny-en-Santerre

Berny-en-Santerre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cartigny

Cartigny is the name of three communes in Europe:



Canchy

Canchy is the name of two communes in France:

Bertangles

Bertangles is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Spalding, Lincolnshire

Spalding is a market town in Lincolnshire, England. It is in the PE11 and PE12 postcode districts.

The town is famous for its shopping centre, Springfields, and it's iconic Water Taxi

In the Domesday Book the town is wrote as "Spallinge"

Épagne-Épagnette

Épagne-Épagnette is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Sunshine (1999 movie)

Sunshine is a 1999 Hungarian German Austrian Canadian French American British romantic drama movie directed by István Szabó and starring Ralph Fiennes, Rosemary Harris, Rachel Weisz, Jennifer Ehle, Molly Parker, Miriam Margolyes, Mark Strong, Bill Paterson, Trevor Peacock, William Hurt, Mari Törőcsik, Péter Andorai, András Stohl.

Dendropsophus coffeus

The Dendropsophus coffea is a frog that lives in South America. Scientists have only seen it in Bolivia, but they think it may also live in Peru.

St. Peter's Umbrella (1958 movie)

St. Peter's Umbrella (Hungarian: Szent Péter esernyője, Slovakian: dáždnik svätého Petra) is a 1958 Hungarian Slovakian drama movie directed by Frigyes Bán and Vladislav Pavlovič. It stars Mari Törőcsik, Sándor Pécsi, Karol Machata, János Rajz, István Egri, Gábor Mádi Szabó, Zsuzsa Csala and was the third adaption of the 1895 novel of the same name by Kálmán Mikszáth.

Monatomic gas

In physics and chemistry, monatomic is a combination of words. "Mono" means single and monatomic means single atom. It is usually applied to gases: a monatomic gas is one in which atoms are not bound to each other. Examples at standard conditions include the noble gases: helium, neon, argon, krypton, and xenon, though all chemical elements will be monatomic in the gas phase at high enough temperatures.

Nokia 5800 XpressMusic

Nokia 5800 XpressMusic is a part of a smartphone series developed for the Nokia Corporation<nowiki>'s introduction for "Time Get Stop"</nowiki>, announced on December 5, 2007. It was released on January 9, 2008. Nokia 5800 has some similar features to Nokia 5700.

Nokia 5800 XpressMusic has some new features for a mobile smartphone, like a new Menu screen and pubilc product for Nokia 230 and Nokia 530, from like Nokia 105.

On December 4, 2007, Nokia announced the Nokia 5800 XpressMusic for the beginning of sales from December 7, 2007, to December 18, 2007. Twenty-seven days after it was announced, on December 31, 2007, Nokia 5800 XpressMusic has been scheduled for release on January 9, 2008.

On February 4, 2008, the Nokia 5800 has reached the news performance <nowiki>"Time Get Stop"</nowiki> in New York City. But, unfortunately, Nokia Connecting People have forgotten it. On February 8, 2008, Nokia 5800 XpressMusic was discontinued in India and Turkey.

Nokia 5800 has a backside with a black sliver pattern, Nokia 5800 has a Dual SIM card inside. In addition, the backside has two places for a camera.

The camera for Nokia 5800 has been marked for design news, from two places for the camera in Nokia 5800 XpressMusic and more; the camera has shot by Nokia 5800 backside. Moreover, Nokia 5800 camera has places from Menu Screen, in the next of Messenger, and more apps.

The Nokia 5800 pen was similar to the Nokia Tablet Congress in 2006; the Nokia 5800 Pen has public in next side for display, Nokia 5800 and reaches in Pen for public writing pens.

Nokia 5800 Display has the size of 809m and 908m. Moreover, Nokia 5800 has swipes from touch screen and pen, in developed for Nokia Tablet Congress.

The Dual SIM card on Nokia 5800 XpressMusic has been reached from Viettel, Vinaphone, and Mobifone, a discontinued Vodafone; Nokia 5800 has two Dual SIM slots on the left and right sides. A memory card is also inside for Nokia 5800 back side, next to the camera from Nokia 5800 memory.

Nokia 5800 has news features is screen snap, has patterns like Microsoft Windows. Nokia 5800 has reached in screen snap taken for a photo during Gallery. In Menu screen has reach from mobile games in Applications, Menu screen has news games for Download app and Gallery app and Note app.

The features can begin from Profiles. In Nokia 5800 XpressMusic has reached in the news <nowiki>"Time Stop Going"</nowiki> from music video can reach in Nokia 5800 XpressMusic.

Nokia 5800 XpressMusic has released for the market in three places, New Jersey and California, on January 7, 2009. Nokia 5800 has public released by news series smartphone. On January 8, 2009, Nokia 5800 has reach performance <nowiki>"Time Get Up for XpressMusic" at Moscone Center, few like for a News Update for Nokia 5800 XpressMusic, from the Nokia 5800 XpressMusic has reached in Mobile World Congress this trailer "We're never gonna be from XpressMusic nows"</nowiki> has reached from Nokia Corporation on January 16 and January 17, 2009.

Nokia 5800 has reached from XpressMusic developed for Nokia 5700 XpressMusic, and Nokia 5600 features from Nokia Corporation, Nokia 5800 XpressMusic has to reach five days has started sales on May 7, 2010, in the United Kingdom. Nokia 5800 XpressMusic was discontinued in the United Kingdom on June 8, 2010; five months ago has released Nokia 5800 XpressMusic.


Irene Hernández de Jesús

Irene Hernández de Jesús (20 October 1958 – 4 April 2021) was a Mexican mixe teacher, activist and politician. She was a pioneer and president of women's political participation in the Mixe region of Oaxaca in Mexico.

Hernández de Jesús died on 4 April 2021, aged 62.

The Silent Hedonist

De stille genieter (English title: The Silent Hedonist) is a 1961 Belgian comedy movie directed by Edith Kiel and starring Gaston Berghmans, Louisa Lausanne, Jef Cassiers, Cois Cassiers.

Caronte &amp; Tourist

Caronte & Tourist S.p.A. is a private shipping company resulting from the merger of two historic maritime transport companies, the Calabrian Caronte S.p.A. and the Sicilian Tourist Ferry Boat S.p.A. It works mainly with maritime connections in the Strait of Messina.

The company Caronte was born on June 19 1965. Since 1968 with the "Tourist Ferry Boat", Messina it's linked to Villa San Giovanni, today it has a substantial monopoly. Since 2001, the company connects Messina with Salerno. In 2003, the two companies merged into Caronte & Tourist S.p.A.



Adult school

Adult school is a type of school for adults. The school is for any adult who has not finished high school and want to finish it. A number of adult schools have programs like child care or immigration services.

In 1798, two men in England named Samuel Fox and William Singleton are both the minds behind adult school. They both created an adult school in Nottingham, England. It does not have a name. At first, the classes were for young adult aged women that had classes from hosiery to lacing. As the years passed by, the school included men.


Şırnak

Şırnak is a city in eastern Turkey. The city is in the Eastern Anatolia Region. In 2020, 96,285 people lived there.

Sivas

Sivas is a city in eastern Turkey. The city is in the Eastern Anatolia Region. In 2020, 382,520 people lived there.

Tokat

Tokat is a city in northeastern Turkey. The city is in the Black Sea Region. In 2020, 203,395 people lived there.

Uşak

Uşak is a city in western Turkey. The city is in the Aegean Region. In 2020, 256,050 people lived there.

Ancient Manipur (disambiguation)

Ancient Manipur may refer to:

Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University

Dr. Rammanohar Lohia Avadh University, also known as Dr. R.M.L.A University or simply Avadh University, is a university located on NH330 in Faizabad, Uttar Pradesh, India. It was established in 1975 by the government of Uttar Pradesh.

The university is spread over an area of 112.24 acres. It has 23 buildings which include the administration building, Kautilya administration building, examination building, Swami Vivekananda auditorium, health centre, central library, entrance examination cell, physics and electronics building, guest house and IT centre. It has four boys' hostels and faculty housing.


Avadh University has many degree colleges affiliated to it. They fall in eight zones: Ambedkar Nagar, Faizabad, Ayodhya, Sultanpur, Gonda, Barabanki, Pratapgarh, Bahraich and Lucknow.


Ancient sites in Kangleipak

Kangleipak (present day Manipur) has one of the oldest, richest and deepest histories in the world. Culturally, Manipur has a very long and rich heritage. This list does not include the historical sites of Medieval Kangleipak (Medieval Manipur).
Here is a list of the ancient sites found in the present day Indian state of Manipur:

The Bihu Loukon () or the Chenglei Leipak () is an ancient star shaped mud fortress built in a prehistoric era. Archeological survey proved that it is much older than those structures in the Kangla. With the collective teamwork of the historians and the archeologists, the site is opined to be the place of dominion of the Chenglei dynasty (Chenglei Leipāk).
<mapframe latitude="24.8052141" longitude="93.8195098" zoom="12" width="400" height="300" align="right" />

The Imphal Polo Ground, originally known as the Mapal Kangjeibung (), is the oldest Polo Ground in the world. It has its earliest recorded history of existence right from 15th century BC (3500 years old). It is located in the hearts of Imphal, the present day metropolis of Manipur.

Kangla () literally means the "dry land" or the "antique land" in the Ancient Meitei language. It is the centre of administration of the rulers of many dynasties, among which the Ningthouja dynasty appeared to be the most powerful in the History of Manipur. It has its earliest recorded history of existence from the 15th century BC.

The Keke Moilang () or the Kege Moirang () was a civilization and a southern province in Ancient Manipur. It was the kingdom dominated by the Moirang dynasty (starts from 52 BC) for more than 2000 consecutive years. It flourished in the shores of the Loktak lake.

The Khuman Leipaak () was a historical place predominantly occupied by the Khuman dynasty as the region of their administration in Ancient Manipur. Its capital city was the Mayang Imphal, an ancient city in the left banks of the Imphal River.

The Konthoujam Lairembi gi Khubam () is a 3000 years old sacred site dedicated to goddess Konthoujam Lairembi of the ancient Meitei religion. It is characterized by the presence of the thick banyan groves, a temple structure, an ancient stone inscription and a pair of concrete Hiyang Hiren structures.

The Manung Kangjeibung () is an ancient pologround located inside the Kangla. It is one of the three significant ancient playgrounds for the Sagol Kangjei, a primitive form of the modern polo in Ancient Manipur.

The Willong Khullen (), popularly known as the "Stonehenge of Manipur", is an early prehistoric megalithic site, found in the northern Manipur. Currently, less information is obtained for there is little archeological survey conducted at the site.

The Temple of Pakhangpa () is an ancient temple built in the heart of the Kangla. The holy building is dedicated to Pakhangpa, a deity in the Meitei paganism. Recently, in 2010, the temple was re-built and consecrated in a completely modified architectural form due to severe damages in the former structure.

The Sanamahi Temple () is one of the oldest known sacred buildings in Manipur. It houses the staue of Lainingthou Sanamahi, the presiding household deity in Meitei paganism.

The Temple of Thangching () is an ancient temple dedicated to Thangching, the presiding deity of Ancient Moirang and the progenitor of the Moirang dynasty, located in the hearts of present-day Moirang. It is mentioned in various epic sagas including the Khamba Thoibi.

Bahraich

Bahraich is a city and a municipal board in Bahraich district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India. Located on the Saryu River, a tributary of the Ghaghara river, Bahraich is north-east of Lucknow, the state capital. The districts of Barabanki, Gonda, Balrampur, Lakhimpur Kheri, Shravasti and Sitapur share local boundaries with Bahraich. A factor which makes this town important is the international border shared with Nepal.

It has an average elevation of . Bahraich has a warm humid subtropical climate with hot summers from April to July. The rainy season is from July to mid-September when Bahraich gets an average rainfall from the south-west monsoon winds, and occasionally frontal rainfall will occur in January. In winter the maximum temperature is around and the minimum is in the range. Fog is quite common from late December to late January. Summers are extremely hot with temperatures rising to the range, the average highs being in the high of 30s (degree Celsius). Average annual rainfall is (approx).

As of 2011 Indian Census, Bahraich had a total population of 186,223, of which 97,653 were males and 88,570 were females. Population within the age group of 0 to 6 years was 24,097. The total number of literates in Bahraich was 119,564, which constituted 64.2% of the population with male literacy of 66.5% and female literacy of 61.7%. The effective literacy rate of 7+ population of Bahraich was 73.7%, of which male literacy rate was 76.4% and female literacy rate was 70.8%. The Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes population was 9,584 and 170 respectively. Bahraich had 30460 households in 2011.

Bahraich is divided into two parliamentary constituencies, Bahraich and Kaiserganj. The former is held by Akshaibar Lal of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the latter by Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh, also of the BJP.

There are seven State Assembly constituencies:

Bahraich is well connected with other districts of Uttar Pradesh. UPSRTC and private operators provide road connectivity to Lucknow, Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi, Bareilly, Haridwar, Delhi, Jaipur Balrampur, Gonda, Barabanki, Pratapgarh, Shimla, Mathura, Jhansi, Jaunpur, Gorakhpur, Varanasi, Shravasti and Agra. There are buses for Lucknow in every 15 minutes. National Highway 927 (India) connects the city to Barabanki and state capital Lucknow.

Bahraich railway station is a main railway station in Bahraich district, Uttar Pradesh. Its code is "BRK". It serves Bahraich city. The station consists of 3 platforms, two for broad gauge and one for meter gauge. Bahraich to Jarwal Road is a Broad gauge station 55 kilometers (34 miles) from district headquarters and lies on Delhi–Barauni line. Plans for converting the Bahraich – Gonda tracks to broad-gauge have been in talks since October 2018. It is complete as of July 2020, but due to lack of electrification, only diesel locomotives are run in these tracks. According to the railway board, crore is to be invested to electrify the whole Bahraich-Gonda-Balrampur-Gorakhpur line, with expected completion by the year 2021.

Bahraich has an All India Radio relay station known as Akashvani Bahraich. It broadcasts on FM frequencies @ 100.1 .



Dawn (1985 movie)

Dawn (, ) is a 1985 French Hungarian Israeli drama movie directed by Miklós Jancsó and starring Serge Avedikian, Paul Blain, Christine Boisson, Philippe Léotard, Michael York.

Uyanış: Büyük Selçuklu

Uyanış: Büyük Selçuklu () or The Great Seljuks: Guardians of Justice in English, is a Turkish and fiction television series, written by Serdar Özönalan, directed by Sedat İnci and produced by Emre Konuk. It focuses on the life of , and his son, . It tells the story of the Seljuk Empire's structure, political events and wars. In the series, Sultan Malik-Shah is portrayed by Turkish actor and Sanjar is portrayed by . The television series premiered on 28 September 2020 and it currently consists of one season.

The series was filmed on the "TRT International Film Plateau" which consists of various locations including , Istanbul and . The opening theme is composed by Turkish musician while other music is composed by other Kazakh musicians using instruments from the . Even though the television series went through a 13-month preparation time in which every detail was meticulously prepared, "Uyanış: Büyük Selçuklu" includes a few historical inaccuracies. In 2021, the production company Akli Film was accused of mistreating its set workers.

It has been well received in Turkey, being called a "record-breaking television series", and it has been compared with other television series including "" (2014–2019) which became popular globally. The television series gained popularity due to the casting of famous actors, and it has also become popular in countries like Bangladesh, Pakistan and Kyrgyzstan for it is revolved around history. "Uyanış: Büyük Selçuklu" itself won the Anatolia Media Awards in 2020 while Konuk won the Crystal Globe Awards in the same year.

Frickenhausen

Frickenhausen is a municipality in the district of Esslingen in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.


Béthencourt-sur-Somme

Béthencourt-sur-Somme is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Berteaucourt-lès-Thennes

Berteaucourt-lès-Thennes is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Because of the Cats

Because of the Cats is a 1973 Dutch Belgian crime drama movie directed by Fons Rademakers and was based on the novel of the same name by Nicolas Freeling. It stars Bryan Marshall, Alexandra Stewart, Sebastian Graham Jones, Edward Judd, Sylvia Kristel, Delia Lindsay, Roger Hammond, George Baker.

Gueugnon

Gueugnon is a commune of 6,948 people (2018). It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Saône-et-Loire department in east France.

Weobley

Weobley is a large village and civil parish in Herefordshire, England.

Weobley is part of the Golden Cross and Weobley electoral ward. The population of this ward was 2,985 in 2011.

Bridstow

Bridstow is a village and civil parish in Herefordshire, England. In 2011, there were 906 people living in Bridstow.

Bettembos

Bettembos is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Roye, Somme

Roye is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bettencourt-Rivière

Bettencourt-Rivière is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bettencourt-Saint-Ouen

Bettencourt-Saint-Ouen is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mesnil-Bruntel

Mesnil-Bruntel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Dendropsophus virolinensis

Dendropsophus virolinensis is a frog that lives in Colombia.

Economy of Botswana

The economy of Botswana is now one of the world's fastest growing economies. After a period of stagnation at the turn of the 21st century, Botswana's economy had strong levels of growth, with GDP growth exceeding 6-7%. Botswana has been praised by the African Development Bank for sustaining one of the world's longest economic booms.

Botswana's sharp economic growth was because of built on a foundation of diamond mining, prudent fiscal policies, international financial and technical assistance, and a cautious foreign policy. Botswana's economy is mostly dependent on diamond mining. Diamond mining contributes to 50% of the government revenue. It is the least corrupt country in Africa in the Corruption Perceptions Index by international corruption watchdog Transparency International. It has the fourth highest gross national income per capita in purchasing power in Africa and above the world average.

Even though Botswana's economy is really good, its heavy dependence on mining and its high rate of HIV/AIDS infection and unemployment might make it a really bad country in the future.

List of elements by boiling point

This is a list of elements sorted by their boiling point.

Pyrex

Pyrex is a brand of very durable glass products. They are used as laboratory glassware and kitchenware.

Pyrex is also used in telescopes because it does not expand much.

Kitchenware

Kitchenware means tools used in making food. It can also mean containers for holding food. Examples of kitchenware include:


Quintillus

Quintillus was Roman emperor for seventeen days in September 270. Quintillus was the brother of Claudius Gothicus, who was Roman emperor until September 270. Quintillus took power in the Italian Peninsula when Claudius Gothicus died at Sirmium (Sremska Mitrovica, Serbia). After a short time, Aurelian's army overcame Quintillus's army in a battle at Aquileia in the later part of September. Quintillus then died, either by suicide or by murder by soldiers.

Before Quintillus became emperor, he was the "procurator" (a government official) for Sardinia. Many coins were made during Quintillus's short time as emperor. The "Calendar of Philocalus" says that he was emperor for seventy-seven days, but most historians agree that he was emperor for only seventeen days. The "Historia Augusta" says that Quintillus had a wife and two children.

Nottingham Castle

Nottingham Castle is an old fortified castle, built in Nottingham of England. In medieval times, it served as the residency for the royalties in the kingdom.

Anglo-Manipur War

The Manipur Rebellion was a short war between the British Empire and the Manipur kingdom. The war started on March 31, 1891 and ended on April 27, 1891 with a British victory.

Tikendrajit Singh

Tikendrajit Singh, also known as the "Tiger of Manipur", is the crown prince of Manipur kingdom during the modern era. Besides, he was a commander of the Manipuri Army and was the person behind the outbreak of the Anglo-Manipur War of 1891 AD.

Ethel Grimwood

Mrs. Ethel St. Clair Grimwood, also known as Ethel Moore, is a British lady who became to be known as the Heroine of Manipur in the History of modern Manipur. She is main person behind the devising of plans for the escape of Tikendrajit Singh from the several capture attempts of the British Army. She is the authoress of the "My Three Years in Manipur and Escape from the Recent Mutiny", published in 1891, the same year of the outbreak of the Anglo-Manipur War.

Beuvraignes

Beuvraignes is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Biaches

Biaches is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Battle of Imphal

The Battle of Imphal () was a battle in the World War II.
It was a historic combat that took place in Imphal, the metropolis of Manipur in 1944. It was fought between the British Empire and Japan. According to a voting in a contest run by the British , the Battle of Imphal and Kohima was bestowed as Britain's Greatest Battle in 2013.

Vierzon

Vierzon is a commune of 25,725 people (2018). It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France.

Bouvaincourt-sur-Bresle

Bouvaincourt-sur-Bresle is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Rose Hall, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

Rose Hall was founded as a free village during the time of slavery. It is located in the North Leeward side of St. Vincent. It is the highest village above sea level in St. Vincent. Some aspects of Rose Hall are: It was an egalitarian village with groups of close-knit families: The Williams's, Samuel's, Stapleton's, Ferdinand's, Lampkin's, Garraway's, Robertson's, Cain's, Burke's, Mason's, Franklyn's, Brown's, Richard,s and few others. Rose Hall does not have it's own beach; however, it is in walking distance to the beaches in neighboring villages such as Troumaca, Rose Bank, and Petit Bordel. Rose Hall is very chilly at nights and the mountain breeze is dry, crisp, clean, except when there is a volcanic eruption at La Soufriere, which is miles away from the village, but can be seen clearly as it were a mile or so away.

The people of Rose Hall rely heavily of farming, and this village once was considered as one of the primary bread-baskets of St. Vincent.

Our Rose Hallian fore-parents were very hardworking, God-fearing Christians, and respect for elders was held at the strictest standards. Also, giving, sharing, and accommodating strangers were some of its best quality. Education, moral values, good manners, and behavior were seen as the keys that will take it people throughout the world.

Avord

Avord is a commune of 2,677 people (2018). It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France.

Le Bois-Robert

Le Bois-Robert is a commune of 351 people (2018). It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in northwest France.

Dompierre-sur-Authie

Dompierre-sur-Authie is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Dompierre, Orne

Dompierre is a commune of 402 people (2018). It is in Normandy in the Orne department in northwest France.

Dompierre, Vosges

Dompierre is a commune of 254 people (2018). It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Biarre

Biarre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Biencourt

Biencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

.xk

.xk is a proposed country top level domain for the republic of Kosovo.

Music Box (movie)

Music Box is a 1989 American drama movie directed by Costa-Gavras and starring Jessica Lange (in her Oscar nominated role), Armin Mueller-Stahl, Frederic Forrest, Donald Moffat, Lukas Haas, Mari Törőcsik. It was distributed by TriStar Pictures.

Zaman (movie)

Zaman is a 1983 Belgian crime movie directed by Patrick Lebon and starring Marc Janssen, Herbert Flack, Mieke Bouve, Ann Petersen, Herman Gilis, Alice Then, Gerda Lindekens, Jan Moonen.

Monsuno

Monsuno is a USA computer animation television series. The show first aired in 2012.

Nation (novel)

Nation is a book by Terry Pratchett. It was published in 2008. Harper Collins published it. Unlike most of Terry Pratchett's books, it is set in a world that is like the real world and not a fantasy world. Pratchett wrote "Nation" for children to read.

The world of "Nation" has an England and a France in it. It also has a "Pelagic Ocean", which is not really the Pacific Ocean. The story is set in the 1860s.

Most of the story happens on an island in the "Southern Pelagic Ocean" after a giant wave kills almost all of the people who lived there. The people who lived on the island, and their culture, are "the Nation".

The main character, a teenager named Mau, was on a canoe trip when the wave came, so he did not die. He comes back home to the island to find everyone gone. The other main character, an English girl called Daphne, was shipwrecked on the island by the wave. Soon, other people from other islands show up. Mau, Daphne, and the new people rebuild the Nation together.

Meanwhile, the King of England and most of his family have died in an epidemic. Daphne's father is the next person in line to be King of England. There is an English ship looking for Daphne and her father.

Mau had been on a trip to the Boys' Island to become a man. In the Nation, boys go to the island for thirty days to live alone. When they come back, they are given a ceremony that makes them men. The ceremony has a feast, tattoos, and ritual circumcision. The boy is supposed to leave his "boy's soul" on the boy's island, sail home, and then get a "man's soul" after his feast.

Because Mao is in between being a boy and a man, he thinks he has no soul. Mao often thinks that he is like a hermit crab that has left one shell but not found another one yet. Because of this, Mao and other people wonder if demons and other evil spirits will get into Mao's body.

Mau believes he can hear the voices of "the Grandfathers", who are old men whose spirits watch over the Nation. They order him around telling him to rebuild the Nation's god-anchors (altars) and perform the rituals and chants that made up the culture. Many of the characters in the book ask whether God or the gods are real because they allowed a bad thing to happen: the wave that killed so many people. Mau often says he doesn't think the gods exist, but he can see the god of death, Locaha, who talks to him.

On the island, Mau, Daphne, and the refugees rebuild the farm and buildings on the island, defeat raiders and mutineers, and discover an underground museum that Mau's ancestors built. Daphne believes that the island had once been much bigger during the Ice Age and that the Nation's ancestors could build telescopes, eyeglasses, metal tools and ships that could sail long distances. Daphne believes that many of the stories and songs that Mau has told her are really about planets and sailing around the world.

Daphne's father comes to the Nation looking for Daphne. Then the ship from England comes to the island looking for Daphne's father, and they crown him king of England.

Mau and the other people in the Nation decide that they do not want to become part of the British Empire. Instead, they ask to join the Royal Society, the group of British scientists founded by Isaac Newton. Mau says any scientist from any other nation may come to the Nation to look at the very old museum. These scientists will pay the people of the Nation by teaching them everything they know.

In an epilogue, the last chapter of the book, it is the twenty-first century. The Nation is full of scientists but has kept its own culture. An old man tells two young children of the Nation about Mau and Daphne and how to use an old telescope.

James Hynes of the "New York Times" thought the book was good. He liked the characters, the story, and the way the book looked at the way powerful countries treat smaller countries and religion. He called it "both a high-spirited yarn and a subtle examination of the risks and virtues of faith."

Zack Handlen of "The AV Club" thought the book was mostly good but had a few problems. He liked the story and characters and Terry Pratchett's use of humanism, which is a way of thinking about society.

"Nation" won many awards:


The End of the World (1992 movie)

The End of the World () is a 1992 Portuguese French drama movie directed by João Mário Grilo and starring Adelaide João, Zita Duarte, Santos Manuel, João Lagarto, Carlos Daniel, Alexandra Lencastre, Henrique Viana.

Pashto Wikipedia

The Pashto Wikipedia () is the Pashto language version of Wikipedia. It started in 2003.

As of August 2014, it has over 5,000 articles, over 46,299, over 24,039 registered users and over 1,595 files.

Seditious conspiracy

Seditious conspiracy is when people conspire to perform sedition. This is a federal crime in the United States per :

For a seditious conspiracy charge, a crime need only be planned. It need not really be tried.

Kuranganayani

Kuranganayani, also known as "Shija Phongdalokpi" or Tekhao Leima, is an Assamese Queen, a Manipuri princess and a great patriot from Medieval Manipur. She is the chief Queen of King Swargadeo Rajeshwar Singha (Suremphaa) of Ahom kingdom and the daughter of King Gaurishyam of Manipur kingdom.


List of French movies of 1998

A list of films produced in France in 1998.

Ben-Oni Ardelean

Ben-Oni Ardelean (born 1 September 1975) is a Romanian politician, vice president of the National Liberal Party of Romania (PNL), university professor and, since 2012, a member of the Romanian Parliament.

Ben-Oni Ardelean has a Ph.D. in Political Science obtained at the National School for Political Science and Administration in Bucharest (SNSPA). He also has a Ph.D. in Theology obtained at the University of Bucharest. He also has a number of post-graduate degrees at Oxford University, Fuller Seminary, MAF, Olford Center, etc. and his works have been published in numerous journals.

Ben-Oni Ardelean started a career in politics in 2008 when he ran for a place in Romania's Senate, followed by a bid for a sit in the European Parliament in 2009, both on behalf of the National Liberal Party (PNL). In 2012, he got elected in the Parliament of Romania as a senator and in 2016 maintained his seat in Parliament switching position from senator to MP, a position he has held until the present day.

In the Romanian Parliament Ben-Oni Ardelean has been engaged in the Prayer Group and helped organize the Balkan Gathering Prayer Breakfast (2015) and also yearly the National Prayer Breakfast. He was also a key speaker for the European Parliament's Prayer Breakfast (2017), Austrian Prayer Breakfast (2018), Korean Prayer Breakfast (2006-2014), and also USA Congress & USA Senate Prayer Breakfast.

Juiced (video game)

Juiced is a racing video game has been published by THQ, and developed by Juiced Games. Released in 2005 in North America and Europe (except Japan in 2006 by Sega). Released on console PlayStation 2 and Xbox.

The two sequel called "" released in 2006 exclusively for PlayStation Portable, and also , released at the same console in 2007.

Claudius Gothicus

Claudius (10 May 214–September 270 AD) was Roman emperor from 268 to 270. After 269, he was called "Gothicus" because of his military victories against the Goths.

Claudius () may have come from Illyricum in the Balkans, part of the Roman Empire. Latin historians (the authors of the "Epitome de Caesaribus" and the "Historia Augusta") wrote that Claudius was the son of the emperor Gordian III, or was related to the emperor Probus. These claims are not true.

The "Historia Augusta" says that Claudius was a military tribune () in the army of the emperor Decius. After that, the "Historia Augusta" says that Claudius was leader of a Roman legion () in the time of the emperor Valerian. Next, the "Historia Augusta" says that Claudius was governor of all Illyricum () when Gallienus was emperor. The Latin historian Aurelius Victor and the Greek historian Zonaras wrote that Claudius was a tribune () at Ticinum (Pavia, Italy) in 268.

Claudius became emperor in September or October 268. Soon afterwards his armies overcame the Alemanni in a battle at Lake Garda on the Italian Peninsula. Claudius got the title because of this success over the Germanic peoples. For the first winter of his reign (268–269) he may have been in Rome. In 269, Claudius was Roman consul. He and his armies overcame the Goths in a battle at Naissus (Niš, Serbia). After this, Claudius got the name , because of his victory over the Goths.

In September 270, Claudius Gothicus died of plague in Sirmium (Sremska Mitrovica, Serbia). He was deified (made into a god), with the name in .

Claudius Gothicus had a brother, Quintillus.

In the time of the later emperor Constantine the Great, the "Historia Augusta" says that Claudius Gothicus had another brother with the name Crispus and a sister with the name Constantina. The "Historia Augusta" also says that Claudius had a daughter with the name Claudia. This is not true.

The Law (1959 movie)

The Law (, and originally released in America as Where the Hot Wind Blows) is a 1959 French Italian drama movie directed by Jules Dassin and was based on the 1957 novel by Roger Vailland. It stars Gina Lollobrigida, Pierre Brasseur, Marcello Mastroianni, Melina Mercouri, Yves Montand, Luisa Rivelli, Anna Maria Bottini, Anna Arena, Nino Vingelli and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Laim

Laim (Central Bavarian: "Loam") is a district but later formed into a borough. It is located in Munich, Bavaria. It is not to be confused with Berg am Laim, a borough located in Munich, Bavaria.

Neuhausen-Nymphenburg

Neuhausen (Central Bavarian: "Neihausn") and Nymphenburg are boroughs of Munich. The two boroughs merged into Neuhausen-Nymphenburg. 


Mazama

A brocket deer is any species of deer in the genus Mazama. Medium to small in size, and are found in the Yucatán Peninsula, Central and South America, and the island of Trinidad. Most species are primarily found in forests. They look similar to the African duikers and the Asian muntjacs, but they are not related. About 10 species of brocket deer are described.

The genus name "Mazama" is derived from Nahuatl "mazame", the plural of "mazatl" "deer".


Depending on species, brocket deer are small to medium-sized with stout bodies and large ears. The head-and-body length is , the shoulder height is , and the typical weight , though exceptionally large "M. americana" specimens have weighed as much as . When present, the antlers are small, simple spikes. The pelage varies from reddish to brown to gray. Very roughly, the species can be divided into four groups based on size, color, and habitat (but not necessarily matching their phylogeny):


In addition to being small and nocturnal, "Mazama" species are shy and are thus rarely observed. They are found living alone or in mated pairs within their own small territory, the boundaries usually marked with urine, feces, or secretions from the eye glands. When threatened by predators (primarily the cougar and the jaguar), they use their knowledge of their territory to finding hiding places in nearby vegetation. As herbivores, their diet consists of leaves, fruits, and shoots.

Mated pairs that live together remain monogamous. Single male deer usually mate with nearby females. When males compete for a mate, they fight by biting and stabbing with their short antlers. Brocket species that live in tropical areas have no fixed mating season, but those in temperate areas have a distinct rutting period in the autumn.

The gestation period is roughly 200–220 days and females bear only one fawn at a time. The young stay with the mother, keeping concealed until large enough to accompany her. They are normally weaned around six months of age and reach sexual maturity after a year.

Obergiesing

Obergiesing (Central Bavarian: "Obagiasing") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

Pasing

Pasing is a district in Munich, Bavaria, and partially in the borough Pasing-Obermenzing.

Pasing-Obermenzing

Pasing-Obermenzing (Central Bavarian: "Pasing-Owamenzing") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

Meitei cuisine

Meitei cuisine or Manipuri cuisine refers to any style of cooking characterised by the unique ingredients, techniques and dishes, associated with the Meitei culture of Manipur and other Southeast Asian regions. The daily meal consists of rice, vegetables, fish and other meats.



Schwanthalerhöhe

Schwanthalerhöhe (Central Bavarian: "Schwanthalahäh"), also called Westend, is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

Dniester Hydroelectric Station

Dniester Hydroelectric Station (Ukrainian: "Дністровська ГЕС") is one of the hydroelectric power plants on the Dniester (southwestern Ukraine).

Construction of the Dniester HPP began in 1973. 

On July 29, 1977, the builders of the Dniester HPP changed the course of the river near the village of Novodnistrovsk.

In 1981, two hydroelectric power units were put into operation.

The buildings of the Dniester HPP are located at a distance of 678 km from the mouth of the Dniester. The hydroelectric dam created a reservoir 194 km long.

For 25 years the cities of Moldova and Ukraine, located on the banks of the Dniester from hydroelectric power plants to the Black Sea, do not suffer from the destructive effects of floods.

The HPP-1 building is a channel, connected, drainage type, has an open drain located above the engine room. It consists of three two-unit sections, each 51 m wide and 75 m long. The height of the building is 80 m.

In 2007, the implementation of the second stage of reconstruction of the Dniester HPP began.

As the tallest (over 100 meters) and largest hydropower plant in Europe, it is an attractive object of industrial tourism in Ukraine.

Singju

Singju or Singsu (Manipuri salad) is a Meitei Manipuri dish, mainly made up of a leafy green vegetables. It is generally consumed as a spicy side dish. Notably, Singju festival, an annual fair is organized in the promotion of the food item in India.

Samsung Galaxy S III

The Samsung Galaxy S III (or Galaxy S3) is an Android smartphone designed, developed, and marketed by Samsung Electronics. Launched in 2012, it had sold about 70 million units by 2015 with no recalls ever recorded. It is the third smartphone in the Samsung Galaxy S series.

It has additional software features, more hardware, and a redesigned design from its model before, the Samsung Galaxy S II, released the previous year. The "S III" employs an intelligent personal assistant (S Voice), eye-tracking ability, and more storage. Although a wireless charging option was announced, it never came to fruition. However, there are third party kits which add support for Qi wireless charging. Depending on country, the smartphone comes with different processors and RAM capacity, and 4G LTE support. The device was launched with Android 4.0.4 "Ice Cream Sandwich", was updated to Android 4.3 "Jelly Bean", and can be updated to Android 4.4 "KitKat" on variants with 2 GB of RAM. The phone's replacement model, the Samsung Galaxy S4, was announced on 14 March 2013 and was released the following month.

Following an 18-month development phase, Samsung launched the S III on 3 May 2012. The device was released in 28 European and Middle Eastern countries on 29 May 2012, before being progressively released in other major markets in June 2012. Prior to release, 9 million pre-orders were placed by more than 100 carriers globally. The S III was released by approximately 300 carriers in nearly 150 countries at the end of July 2012. More than 20 million units of the S III were sold within the first 100 days of release and more than 50 million until April 2013.

Samsung Galaxy S III was replaced by the Samsung Galaxy S4 in April 2013.

Sendling

Sendling is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

Clear Energy

Clear Energy is an energy company that has been working since 2015. The main office is in Kyiv (Ukraine). Its specialization is renewable energy. 

The main activity is the development of power plants on biomass, biogas, wind, and solar.

Cleary Energy was founded in July 2015.

Andriy Grinenko is a co-founder and CEO. The executive director of the company is Serhiy Savchuk.

In June 2016, the first thermal power plant was launched in Koryukivka (Chernihiv Oblast). The company invested 8 million euros in the project.

On July 7, 2016, Clear Energy received a "green" electricity tariff for 14 years. 

In 2017, Clear Energy carried out different works with landfills. The Odessa landfill “"Dalnytskyi quarries"” was the best company project in Waste Management direction. 

As of November 2020, the company has launched 19 facilities.

The company's work is focused on developing Ukraine's energy potential and improving the environmental situation.

Main areas of activity:


The company carries out measures to degas landfills. They are aimed at collecting and utilizing methane and generating electricity from it.

In 2018, Clear Energy was in the top-20 innovative Ukrainian companies by "Delovaya Stolitsa" (DSnews.ua).

In 2020, the Professional Association of Ecologists of Ukraine awarded the Chernihiv Generating Company, which is part of Clear Energy, with the ECO-Transformation 2020 Award.

Sendling-Westpark

Sendling-Westpark is a borough in Munich, Bavaria.

Energoatom

The state enterprise National Atomic Energy Generating Company Energoatom was established in October 1996 in Ukraine. Its main goal is to increase the production of electricity and the efficiency of the installed capacity of NPPs, provided a constant increase in the level of operational safety.

Energoatom is the operator of four nuclear power plants in Ukraine in Zaporizhia, Rivne, Khmelnytsky and on South Ukraine. Energoatom includes several other companies and the Representative Office in Brussels, which are separate subdivisions of Energoatom.

Currently, the Company is implementing a number of investment projects, the main ones are the construction of the Centralized Spent Fuel Storage Facility (SNFSF) for Rivne, South-Ukrainian and Khmelnytsky NPPs (Zaporizhzhya NPP has its own SNF storage facility), the construction of power plants number 3 and 4, reconstruction of the technical water supply system of the South-Ukrainian NPP and completion of the Tashlyk PSP.

In 2018, Energoatom for the first time accepted the IAEA mission to verify the effectiveness of the analysis of the experience of ensuring operational safety PROSPER.

In 2021, on behalf of the President of Ukraine, the management of Energoatom was transferred directly to the Cabinet of Ministers.

Ukraine ranks eighth in the world in terms of installed NPP capacity.

15 power units are operated at four operating NPPs of Ukraine.

Energoatom provides about 55% of Ukraine's electricity needs.

According to the results of 2018, Ukraine ranked third in the world in terms of the share of NPP electricity in the total electricity production in the country.

From March 5, 2014 to November 2019, Yuriy Nedashkovsky was the President of NNEGC Energoatom.

Ooti

Ooti or Uti is a Meitei Manipuri dish, made up of soaked rice and soaked peas. It is a gruel of rice, green grams and a concoction of green onions. It is a very popular dish in the Indian state of Manipur, especially among the Manipuri ethnicity.

Eromba

Eromba is a Meitei ethnic dish, generally consisting of many pickling ingredients, among which chili is the main essential ingredient. It is a very popular dish in the Indian state of Manipur, especially among the Manipuri ethnicity. It is also termed as "Eronba", "Iromba", "Ironba", "Elonpa", "Elompa", "Ilonpa" and "Ilompa" in Meitei language (Manipuri language).

Trudering-Riem

Trudering-Riem (Central Bavarian: "Trudaring-Ream") is a borough in Munich, Bavaria. The districts of Trudering and Riem merged to form Trudering-Riem.


Kabok

Kabok or Kapok is a Meitei Manipuri ethnic food item, generally made up of puffed rice, roasted rice and molasses. It is available in many flavours, including honey flavor, sugarcane flavor and many others. It is a very popular snack in the Indian state of Manipur, especially among the Manipuri ethnicity. Tronglaobi village is the largest Kabok producing village in Manipur

NGC 1566

NGC 1566 is an intermediate spiral galaxy in the constellation Dorado.

Peptidoglycan

Peptidoglycan or murein is a polymer that makes up the cell walls of bacteria. It is made of many sugars (or monosaccharides), and amino acids.

Peptidoglycan is made of chains of sugars. Each chain has N-acetylglucosamine and N-acetylmuramic acid, one after the other. The chains are linked to each other by 4-5 amino acids, and other sugar molecules, such as glycine.

Kangshubi

Kangshubi or Kangsubi is a Meitei Manipuri ethnic food item. It is a local sweet made up of grounded seeds and other ingredients. It is a very popular food item in the Indian state of Manipur, especially among the Manipuri ethnicity.

Bora (Meitei dish)

Bora, often termed as Singju Bora or Kanghou Bora, is a Meitei Manipuri ethnic food item, prepared with oil fried vegetables. Other recipes may include fish flavor or prawn flavor. It is one of the most popular evening side dish in the Indian state of Manipur, especially among the Manipuri ethnicity.

Dendropsophus gaucheri

The acre tree frog ("Dendropsophus gaucheri") is a frog that lives in French Guiana and Surinam.

Treehouse of Horror XXIX

"Treehouse of Horror XXIX" is the 4th episode of The Simpsons 30th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on October 21, 2018. It is the 29th episode of the "Treehouse of Horror" series. The episode has three stories: "Intrusion of the Pod-y Switchers", "Multiplisa-ty", and "Geriatric Park".

Before the first story, Homer Simpson wins an eating contest against Cthulhu. The Simpson family is later seen eating parts of Cthulhu.

In "Intrusion of the Pod-y Switchers", a parody of Steve Jobs talks about making new types of iPhones. It is later shown that the Steve Jobs parody is actually an alien. He puts spores on Earth that make people turn into plants. Everyone in the town of Springfield is made as plants that look like them. They are taken to a planet without technology.

In "Multiplisa-ty", Lisa gets dissociative identity disorder. She puts Milhouse, Nelson, and Bart in a room similar to a prison cell. When they get out of the cell, Lisa kills Milhouse and Nelson. Lisa tells Bart why she is angry: Bart made her fail a spelling test by changing the answers she put for it. She later chooses not to kill Bart.

In "Geriatric Park", Mr. Burns starts a retirement home. The elderly people in it have their DNA mixed with dinosaurs' DNA. The elderly have been shown to be more healthy and stronger. Homer makes the temperature hotter, which makes the elderly turn into dinosaurs. Mr. Burns and many of the visitors are killed by the dinosaurs. The Simpson family tries to get away from their grandparents, Grampa and Jacqueline. Lisa learns that they can stop the dinosaurs by being nice to them. The family later gets away from the dinosaurs without being hurt.

About 2.95 million people watched the episode when it was first broadcast.

Tony Sokol from Den of Geek thought that the episode was not as good as other "Treehouse of Horror" episodes. He said that the episode had some of the scariest characters (for example, Cthulhu, the dinosaurs) but there was not enough humor in the episode. Dennis Perkins from "The A.V. Club" said that they might have to stop making "Treehouse of Horror" episodes because it stopped being good. Jess Scheden from IGN thoguht that the writers of the episode were not trying to get success from making parodies of horror. Scheden said that the "Treehouse of Horror" episodes could be better if they had a different style (for example, the episode being an hour instead of 30 minutes, only one story instead of three).

The Super League

The Super League, commonly known as the European Super League, was a planned association football tournament. It will be played by 20 of the best teams in Europe. It is a closed league only for the richest clubs and makes it difficult for the rest of the clubs to play. 

Florentino Pérez is the chairman of the league. Three days after being founded, The Super League announced it was suspending its operations. having provoked total rejection by the national leagues, clubs and fans. 

Twelve clubs were announced as the founding members of the competition, with three more clubs planning to join before the first season begins. This includes the "Big Six" of England, 3 teams Italy, and 3 teams from Spain. The fifteen founding clubs will be permanent participants in the tournament, and will govern the organization. French and German clubs, including Paris Saint-Germain, Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund, have reportedly declined to join.


Chakhao

Chakhao or Chak Hao (Manipuri black aromatic rice) is a species of paddy plant, found in the plains of Manipur, India. It has two subspecies, "Chakhao Poireiton" and "Chakhao Amubi".

Singju festival

The Singju festival or the Singzu festival is a 12 day-annual event organised in the aim to promote and preserve the traditional food items of Manipuri cuisine focusing particularly in the Singju (Manipuri traditional salad). More than 100 types of fruits and vegetables are used in preparation for the Singju of different flavors in the festival. It is organized mainly in the Indian state of Manipur.


Soldier of Orange

Soldier of Orange (, ) is a 1977 Dutch Belgian World War II romantic thriller movie directed by Paul Verhoeven and was based on the autobiographical novel by Erik Hazelhoff Roelfzema. It stars Dolf de Vries, Rutger Hauer, Jeroen Krabbé, Edward Fox, Susan Penhaligon, Lex van Delden, Derek de Lint, Rijk de Gooyer.


Treehouse of Horror XXVIII

"Treehouse of Horror XXVIII" is the 4th episode of The Simpsons 29th season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on October 22, 2017. It is the 28th episode of the "Treehouse of Horror" series. The episode has three stories: "The Exor-Sis", "Coralisa", and "MMM... Homer".

Before the first story, the Simpson family and other characters are shown as foods in a bowl for trick-or-treaters. 

In "The Exor-Sis", Homer gets a statue of Pazuzu from "The Exorcist". He puts the statue in Maggie's room, which gets Maggie possessed by a demon. The Simpson family are the hosts of a cocktail party. Maggie goes to the cocktail party and kills many people there. A priest comes to their house and does an exorcism on Maggie. The demon comes out of Maggie and tries to possess Bart, but does not want to because Bart has "the darkest soul".

In "Coralisa", Snowball shows Lisa a tunnel that takes them to a parallel universe. The parallel universe has the Simpson family with buttons on their eyes. Lisa becomes scared and goes back to her real family when they want to put buttons on her eyes. However, she goes back to the parallel universe when Homer tries to kill a snake with her saxophone. After a few days, the real family can not find Lisa. Bart finds the tunnel and goes to the parallel universe. Marge and Homer go to the universe to try to get Bart. Homer kills the fake Bart and the fake Homer dies trying to save Bart. Fake Marge turns into a creature similar to a spider and tries to hurt the real Homer. Homer makes the family from the parallel universe go to the real universe to do housecleaning.

In "MMM... Homer", Homer accidentally cuts his finger off while he is grilling. Homer cooks and eats the finger, thinking it tastes great. He cuts and cooks other parts of his body. Marge learns that Homer is eating himself and takes him to a counselor. However, Mario Batali wants to cook the rest of Homer for ingredients for a restaurant. Homer dies and tells Jesus in Heaven that they are both being eaten by people (this is a reference to the eucharist, where people eat bread (Jesus' body) and drink wine (His blood)).

About 3.66 milion people watched the episode when it was first broadcast.

Dennis Perkins from "The A.V. Club" thought that many parts of the episode had good design, but some parts would not be remembered well. Jesse Schedeen from IGN said that "Treehouse of Horror" episodes are usually not "more memorable" than a normal episode. However, Schdeen thinks that this episode is better than most "Treehouse of Horror" episodes, saying all of the stories were strong. Tony Sokol from Den of Geek said that it was "a very funny episode" and used words about Halloween to say how it is good, but not one of the best.

Black Book (movie)

Black Book () is a 2006 Dutch German Belgian British World War II drama movie directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring Carice van Houten, Sebastian Koch, Thom Hoffman, Derek de Lint, Dolf de Vries, Halina Reijn, Peter Blok, Waldemar Kobus. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Wind phone

The wind phone () is a telephone booth in the town of Ōtsuchi in Japan. People go to the wind phone to say things to their family members or friends who have died. It was built by Itaru Sasaki, a garden designer, in 2010, after his cousin died. In 2011, after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami killed over 15,000 people in the area, he opened the wind phone so everyone could use it. Over 30,000 people have gone there since then. People have built copies in different countries, and there are books and movies about it.

In 2010, Itaru Sasaki, a garden designer from Ōtsuchi, learned that his cousin had cancer and had three months to live. After his cousin died, Sasaki built an old telephone booth in his garden in December 2010, so that he could feel a connection to his cousin by "talking" to him on the phone. He said that the wind phone was not related to religion, but helped him deal with the loss. He also said that he wanted his thoughs to be "carried on the wind".

The wind phone is a white telephone booth with glass windows. Inside, there is a black telephone on a metal shelf. The telephone is not connected to anything. Next to the telephone, there is a book so visitors can write notes about the people that they miss.

In 2010, a tsunami killed over 15,000 people in the area, including over 1,200 people in the town where Sasaki lived. After the tsunami, he opened the wind phone so that everyone could call their friends and family who had died. Now, it has been visited by over 30,000 people.

On January 7, 2017, strong winds ripped off the roof of the wind phone and broke the glass doors. People in the area quickly helped to fix it on January 10, and the wind phone was fixed by the next day. In April 2018, Sasaki said that the wood and metal parts of the booth were damaged, and that he wanted to build a new booth that would not be damaged as fast. People gave money to buy a new booth, and Sasaki built the new, stronger booth in August 2018.

Many copies of the wind phone have been built around the world. In Oakland, California, artist Jordan Stern built a wind telephone in February 2017, to remember the 36 people who died in the 2016 Oakland warehouse fire, including his friend.
Altrúchas, an art group in Dublin, Ireland, built a wind phone ("fón gaoithe") on a mountain named Two Rock in August 2017. The wind phone was built from old supplies, and they were not actually allowed to build it. It was destroyed for unknown reasons less than two weeks after it was set up. Altrúchas later said that the destruction was "a strong statement from people that didn't like the project", but that they would not let it "take away from the positivity of the project".

Tomohiko and Kazuko Kutsuna, a married couple in Aichi Prefecture in Japan, built a red copy of the wind phone in 2018. It was called the "phone of the sea breeze" ("shiokaze no denwa"), and it was built to remember of one of Kazuko's students, an 18-year-old woman who died by suicide in 2009.

Ten local artists helped to build a temporary wind phone in January 2020 in Provincetown, Massachusetts. In October 2020, Susan Vetrone and Steve Reed built a wind phone in North Carolina. Vetrone started the project when her mother died and she learned about the Ōtsuchi wind phone, saying: "I wanted it to mirror – almost exactly if it could – the Japanese phone booth that brought so many people comfort."

In March 2021, a wind phone was built on Aspen Mountain in Colorado. According to the artist, who did not give their name because they were not allowed to build it in a United States national forest, the wind phone was built to help people deal with deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic.

In September 2022, "Le fil du vent Chelsea wind phone" was opened to the public, in Chelsea, Quebec. This unique resource was inspired by the Japanese example and offers a private refuge for the longings of grief to be heard, honoured and carried away on the wind. 

Sasaki, who built the Ōtsuchi wind phone, wrote a book titled "Kaze no Denwa – Daishinsai Kara Rokunen, Kaze no Denwa o Tooshite Mieru Koto" ("The Phone of the Wind: What I Have Seen via the Phone in the Six Years Since the Earthquake") in 2017. The book was published by Kazama Shobo.

The 2020 book "The Phone Box at the Edge of the World" by Italian writer Laura Imai Messina tells the story of a woman who loses her family in the Tōhoku tsunami and goes to the wind phone, where she meets a man and his daughter who have also lost a family member in the tsunami. The book was based by Messina's visit to the Ōtsuchi wind phone in 2011.

"The Phone Booth in Mr. Hirota's Garden", a 2020 book by Canadian writer Heather Smith, is a fiction version of the wind phone's story. Smith said that she wanted to write the book after she heard a National Public Radio podcast about the wind phone. She emailed Sasaki while she wrote the book, and said that it "was a thrill to receive his blessing."

The 2019 Austrian short movie "The Wind Phone", written and directed by Kristin Gerweck, is about seven fictional strangers who visit the Japanese wind phone. Gerweck wrote the movie when she learned about the wind phone after her grandmother's death, saying that it was a "beautiful story".

"Voices in the Wind" () is a 2020 Japanese drama movie about a fictional high school student whose family died in the Tōhoku tsunami and who goes back to her town to visit the wind phone years later. The movie director Nobuhiro Suwa, who went back to Japan to make the movie, stated: "Going there eight years later, you can't see much of the damage, it has been rebuilt. But people's feelings have not been fixed."

Oberbergkirchen

Oberbergkirchen is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.


Haag in Oberbayern

Haag in Oberbayern is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Haag is about 50 km east of Munich, 15 km south of Dorfen, 21 km west of Waldkraiburg, 14 km north of Wasserburg am Inn, and 32 km from the county seat in Mühldorf. Via the Bundesstraße 15 the distance to Landshut is 48 km. Rosenheim is 38 km away.

Mühldorf

Mühldorf am Inn is a town in Bavaria, Germany, and the capital of the district Mühldorf on the river Inn. It is placed at .

Freed, John B. "Noble Bondsmen: Ministerial Marriages in the Archdiocese of Salzburg, 1100-1343". (Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1995)

Peacemaker (character)

Peacemaker is the name of a series of superheroes originally owned by Charlton Comics and later bought by DC Comics. The original Peacemaker first appeared in "Fightin' 5" #40 (November 1966). It was created by writer Joe Gill and artist Pat Boyette.

The Christopher Smith version of Peacemaker made his cinematic debut in James Gunn's DC Extended Universe movie "The Suicide Squad" (2021), played by John Cena, who starred in his role again in a self-titled television series for HBO Max. The Smith version also appears as a DLC character in the "Kombat Pack" for "Mortal Kombat 1".

Khongjom War Memorial Complex

The Khongjom War Memorial Complex is a war memorial site of the Anglo-Manipuri War, fought at Khongjom, Thoubal district of Manipur. The war memorial complex has the tallest sword statue of the world. The sword statue symbolizes the courage, dedication and patriotism of the freedom fighters of Manipur, who fought against the three sides of the charging attacks of the British Army, from Kohima, Silchar and Myanmar on the 23rd of April, 1891.

Maibam Lokpa Ching

The Maibam Lokpa Ching or the Maibam Lotpa Ching or the Red Hills is a historic war memorial site of the Battle of Imphal, an important branch of the WWII, that took place in Nambol, Manipur. The site is a small hillock where the battle was fought between the British Army and the Japanese Troops. Due to the heavy casualties in the Japan side, the entire landscape of the hillock was dyed red with the bloods of the dead soldiers. Thus, the place is popularly known as the "Red Hills" of WWII. Presently, a war cemetery is developed by the Japanese Government and Imphal Peace Museum, a museum housing relics from the event, is also developed.


Princess Alice of Battenberg

Princess Alice of Battenberg (Victoria Alice Elizabeth Julia Marie; 25 February 1885 – 5 December 1969) was the mother of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, husband of Queen Elizabeth II.

She was a great-granddaughter of Queen Victoria. She was born in Windsor Castle. She grew up in Great Britain, Germany and Malta.

In 1930, she was diagnosed with schizophrenia and committed to a sanatorium in Switzerland. After that, she lived separately from her husband Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark.

After the fall of King Constantine II of Greece and the imposition of military rule in Greece in 1967, she was invited by her son and daughter-in-law to live at Buckingham Palace in London. She died there two years later. 


Song of Norway (movie)

Song of Norway is a 1970 American biographical musical movie directed by Andrew L. Stone and was based on the 1944 operetta of the same name. The movie includes compositions of the Norwegian composer Edvard Grieg. It stars Toralv Maurstad, Florence Henderson, Harry Secombe, Edward G. Robinson, Robert Morley, Oskar Homolka.


Benedetta (movie)

Benedetta is a 2021 French Dutch biographical drama movie directed by Paul Verhoeven and is based on the 1986 novel by Judith C. Brown. It stars Virginie Efira, Lambert Wilson, Daphne Patakia, Charlotte Rampling, Olivier Rabourdin, Clotilde Courau, Hervé Pierre.

Prehistory of Kangleipak

The Prehistory of Kangleipak or the pre-literary history of Manipur is the period of human history between the first use of stone tools by early men and the time just preceding Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur).
Comparing with other regions of the world, the development process of the archaeological work in Manipur is of recent times. The pioneering work in archeology was initiated by O. Kumar Singh. Before his presence, there was little information on the existence of the stone culture of Manipur.
O. Kumar Singh is of the view that "Pre-Historic people used to settle in the hills during the Paleolithic and Mesolithic (Hoabinhian) culture while Neolithic people lived in both hills and valley. They came down to the valley at least by about 2000 BC." On the basis of the characters of the tool industry, the prehistory of Manipur is broadly classified into three periods.

Paleolithic period is the most primitive stone culture era. The Paleolithic period varies from place to place.
In Manipur's neighbouring country Burma (Myanmar), the lower Paleolithic culture started from 750000 to 275000 BP. The Homo erectus (early Anyathian culture) began to settle on the banks of the Ayeyawaddy river in Burma in 750000 BCE.
However, in case of Manipur, Paleolithic period started from 20,000 to 10,000 BCE.

The stone culture of Paleolithic period were discovered from the five archeological sites, Songbu, Khangkhui, Machi, Nongpok Keithel Manbi and Singtom.

The Mesolithic period (Hoabinhian period or post Paleolithic period or pre Neolithic period) has two remarkable archeological sites in Manipur. These are the Nongpok Keithelmanbi and the Tharon cave.

The Neolithic period is the last of the three Stone Age periods. It has 4 archeological sites in Manipur.
These are (1) Napachik, (2) Laimanai, (3) Phunan, (4) Nongpok Keithelmanbi.


The Three Musketeers (1973 movie)

The Three Musketeers is a 1973 British Spanish Panamanian American action adventure movie directed by Richard Lester and was based on the 1844 novel of the same name by Alexandre Dumas. It stars Michael York, Oliver Reed, Frank Finlay, Richard Chamberlain, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Geraldine Chaplin, Charlton Heston, Faye Dunaway, Christopher Lee, Raquel Welch, Roy Kinnear and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was followed by the 1974 movie "The Four Musketeers.


Nokia 5510

Nokia 5510 is an official mobile phone, it was announced from Nokia Corporation on October 11, 2001 in New York City, U.S. Nokia 5510 has reach from commercial in news DVD-ROM for Nokia 5510, has news reach from Risto Siilasmaa on October 12 and October 13, 2001.

In May 2001, Nokia discontinuation all mobile phone to stopped no longers for Nokia mobile phone about in mobile games from Nokia Communicator. In June 9 and June 10, 2001. Nokia reach the news announced were has reach news series mobile phone about an Wireless LAN was not pubilc, website reach for mobile games about not discontinuation. They reach the news mobile phone is <nowiki>"5510 REM"</nowiki> on June 27, 2001 and stopped on June 30, 2001. In July 2001, Nokia 5510 has an news released for Nokia it was reach for announced at Hollywood and moved on July 7, 2001 at Anaheim, California.

Nokia 5510 has partner released for worldwide on September 6, 2001 and released in United States on October 11, 2001. In United Kingdom in November 2001.

Nokia 5510 has an design from little mobile phone was succesor, from partner two keyboard from Nokia 5510, it was reach the display can smalling ringtones music from Nokia 5510. Partner user interface, Nokia 5510 reach ringtones theme and miniphones or series reach this the platform for Nokia 5510.

Nokia 5510 has running from 256MB in 70MB, or in 90GB from NPM-5. In 80GB from REM Mobile, Nokia 5510 has an succesor from the mobile phone has stopped running memory card.

Nokia 5510 reach news codenames <nowiki>"</nowiki>NPM-5<nowiki>"</nowiki> release on May 6, 2002 at 3GSM of World in 2002. Nokia 5510 MPM-5 has an reach the commercial for Risto Siilasmaa from <nowiki>"</nowiki>Wherever, I'm user interface from Nokia 5510 NPM-5 that the fun mobile phone from the device update<nowiki>"</nowiki>. It was not premiered, on June 7, 2002, Nokia released Nokia 5510 REM Mobile.

Nokia 5510 from all device codename has untilshipped on July 18, 2005 and expired on August 31 and September 1, 2005. Nokia 5510 has partner reach from <nowiki>"</nowiki>NPM-5<nowiki>"</nowiki> has news features beginning, in July 2006, Nokia 5510 is the famous about an 83% for partner. In 2008, Nokia 5510 has reach from 55% partner.

On January 7, 2007. Nokia 5510 was announced they were stopped available from beginning sales and for partner schedule on January 7, 2008 from REM Mobile, it was no longers about released for Nokia 5510 codenamed, partner released from Nokia 5510 NPM-5 has stopped lifecycle on May 19, 2009. After discontinued, Nokia reach the news smartphone beginning about discontinuation in Nokia 5510.


Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing (movie)

Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing is a 1955 American romance movie directed by Henry King and was based on the 1952 novel "A Many Splendored Thing" by Han Suyin. It stars William Holden, Jennifer Jones, Torin Thatcher, Isobel Elsom, Murray Matheson, Virginia Gregg, Richard Loo, Soo Young and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 8 Oscars and won 3 Academy Awards in 1956.


Carousel (1956 movie)

Carousel is a 1956 American fantasy musical movie directed by Henry King and was based on the 1945 musical of the same name by Rodgers and Hammerstein. It stars Gordon MacRae, Shirley Jones, Cameron Mitchell, Barbara Ruick, Claramae Turner, Gene Lockhart, Audrey Christie, Susan Luckey and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Roland Barthes

Roland Gérard Barthes (; ; 12 November 1915 – 26 March 1980) was a French philosopher.

Roland Barthes was born in 1915 Cherbourg in Normandy. His father was killed during World War I before his first birthday. He was raised by his mother, his aunt and grandmother in Bayonne. Barthes moved to Paris at the age of 11 with his family. Barthes was student in literature from 1935 to 1939 at the Sorbonne. 

In 1948, he taught with short-time positions at institutes in France, Romania, and Egypt. Then he studied lexicology and sociology and began to write bi-monthly essays for the magazine "Les Lettres Nouvelles", a collection that was published in 1957. Consisting of fifty-four short essays, between 1954–1956, "Mythologies" were acute reflections of French popular culture ranging from an analysis on soap detergents to a dissection of popular wrestling. Barthes taught at Middlebury College in 1957 and befriended the English translator of his work, Richard Howard, in New York City. He taught in his classes at Middlebury. "Michelet" and "Writing Degree Zero" were published in France.

Barthes developed his literary criticism with new ideals of textuality and novelistic neutrality. In 1971, he was a professor at the University of Geneva and also taught at the École des hautes études en sciences sociales (EHESS).

Here are some of his works:


Sapporo Clock Tower

The Sapporo Clock Tower is a wooden building that is in central Sapporo. It is known for being one of the oldest structures in Sapporo, so it became a tourist attraction.

Arizona's 5th congressional district

Arizona's 5th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Arizona. Republican Andy Biggs is the representative since elected in 2016. It contains Gilbert, Queen Creek, southern and eastern Chandler, and eastern Mesa.

Colorado's 3rd congressional district

Colorado's 3rd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Colorado. Republican Lauren Bobert is the representative since elected in 2020. It contains the city of Rifle, and Steamboat Springs.

Pennsylvania's 17th congressional district

Pennsylvania's 17th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Democrat Conor Lamb is the representative since elected in 2018. It contains the entirety of Beaver County, a small portion of southwestern Butler County, and all parts of Allegheny County.

Wyoming's at-large congressional district

Wyoming's at-large congressional district is a single congressional district in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It contains all of Wyoming including the big cities such as Cheyenne.

Montana's at-large congressional district

Montana's at-large congressional district is a single congressional district in the U.S. state of Montana. Republican Matt Rosendale is the representative since elected in 2020. It contains all of Montana including the big cities of Billings and Helena.

Alaska's at-large congressional district

Alaska's at-large congressional district is a single congressional district in the U.S. state of Alaska. It contains all of Alaska including the city of Anchorage. The district is currently represented by Democrat Mary Peltola since 2022.

Kolbermoor

Kolbermoor (Central Bavarian: "Koiwamoor", "Koibamoa" or "Kaiwelooch") is a town in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Florianus

Florianus or Florian (died 276) was Roman emperor for eighty-eight days in 276 AD.

It is unknown when or where Florianus () was born. The "Historia Augusta" (a Latin history) says that Florianus was the half-brother of Marcus Claudius Tacitus. This information may not be correct. Tacitus was Roman emperor from the end of 275 until he died in the middle of 276.

The Greek historian Zosimus wrote that Florianus was praetorian prefect while Tacitus was emperor.

Florianus became emperor in around July 276, after the murder of Tacitus in Asia Minor.

The Latin historians Eutropius and Jerome wrote that Florianus was emperor for eighty-eight days.

The "Historia Augusta" says that soldiers of the Roman army murdered Florianus at Tarsus. This would have happened in around September 276. The "Historia Augusta" also says that Florianus had a cenotaph at Interamna (Terni, Italy).

Florianus was not deified (made into a god) but neither did he get "damnatio memoriae".

The "Historia Augusta" says that Florianus was the half-brother of Tacitus. Tacitus and Florian had the same mother, but different fathers. This information may not be correct. The "Historia Augusta" also says Florianus had many children. This information may not be correct.

Wasserburg am Inn

Wasserburg am Inn (Central Bavarian: "Wassabuag am Inn") is a town in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Norio Sakurai

She was born in Ageo, Saitama Prefecture.



Delaware's at-large congressional district

Delaware's at-large congressional district is a single congressional district in the U.S. state of Delaware. Democrat Lisa Blunt Rochester is the representative since elected in 2016. It contains all of Delaware including the big cities of Wilmington.

Bad Endorf

Bad Endorf is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Hachi Itō

She started her career in 2007. At that time, she was drawing Doujinshi of Moomin, Nintendo, and others. She started drawing Yuri in 2013.

Her work, "Sayuri-san no Imouto wa Tenshi" was serialized from 2014 to 2016, "Tsuki ga Kirei desu ne" was serialized from 2015 to 2019, and "Goshujinsama to Kemonomimi no Shoujo Mel" was serialized from 2016 to 2018.




Harry and His Bucket Full of Dinosaurs

Harry and His Bucket Full of Dinosaurs is an Canadian animated television series created by Ian Whybrow and Adrian Reynolds. in 2005 Co-Produced By CCI Entertainment and Collingwood O,Hare Entertainment Ltd In Association With Discovery Kids Latin America Cartoon Network Teletoon Canada (Season 1) Treehouse TV (Season 2) Disney Channel Canada (Season 1) Super RTL (Season 1) Channel 5 Broadcasting Limited (Season 1) Disney Junior UK and Silver Fox Films 

Teletoon (Canada) Playhouse Disney (UK and Ireland) Cartoon Network (United States) Super RTL (Germany) Discovery Kids (Latin America) Nick Jr (Australia) PBS (Thailand) 

Bruckmühl

Bruckmühl (Bavarian: "Bruckmui") is a market town in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria. 

Neubeuern

Neubeuern is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Prien am Chiemsee

Prien am Chiemsee (official: "Prien a.Chiemsee", High German [], Bavarian (local) dialect []; Central Bavarian: "Prean am Cheamsee") is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Sumatran orangutan

The Sumatran orangutan ("Pongo abelii") is one of the three species of orangutans. Found only in the north of the Indonesian island of Sumatra, it is rarer than the Bornean orangutan but more common than the recently identified Tapanuli orangutan, also found in Sumatra.

Tapanuli orangutan

The Tapanuli orangutan ("Pongo tapanuliensis") is a species of orangutan restricted to South Tapanuli in the island of Sumatra in Indonesia.


Albaching

Albaching (Central Bavarian: "Oibiching", : "Oibich") is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria. 

Probus (emperor)

Probus (19 August 232 – September 282) was Roman emperor from 276 to 282.

Probus () was born in Sirmium (Sremska Mitrovica, Serbia) in the Balkans, part of the Roman Empire. The "Calendar of Philocalus" (a Latin calendar), the "Chronicon Paschale" (a Greek chronicle), and the work of the Greek historian John Malalas all say that Probus was born on 19 August 232.

The "Historia Augusta" (a Latin history) says that Probus's father's name was Maximus. However, another Latin history, the "Epitome de Caesaribus", says that Probus's father's name was Dalmatius. The "Epitome de Caesaribus" also says this Dalmatius was part of the family of the emperor Claudius Gothicus. Neither the "Historia Augusta" nor the "Epitome de Caesaribus" are correct, and this information in both histories is fiction. The "Historia Augusta" also says that Probus had the name Valerius, which is not true.

Probus was a soldier in the Roman army. The "Historia Augusta" says that Probus was in the army in the time of Valerian, and that Probus worked in the area of the Danube. "Historia Augusta" also says that Probus was in the army that fought against the emperors' enemies in Roman Africa and the Palmyrene Empire. (This information is probably not correct.)

In the time of the emperor Marcus Claudius Tacitus, Probus was probably a governor of the East ().
In summer 276, probably in July, Probus became emperor. At the time, he was in the eastern empire. (The "Historia Augusta" says that Probus became emperor in January that year, but this is not correct.)

Probus was Roman consul for the first time in 277. The writing of the Justinianic Code may mean that Probus was in Sirmium on 5 May 277. From 277 to 278, Probus fought a war against the Germanic peoples. In 277, Probus got the name because of his successes against the Goths.

Probus was Roman consul for the second time in 278 and consul for the third time in 279. In 279, Probus fought wars against the Isaurians in Asia Minor and against the Blemmyes in Roman Egypt. From October 279, Probus had the names , , (or ) because of his successes against the Goths, against other Germanic peoples, and against the Sasanian Empire (the Persians).

Between 280 and 281, there was a civil war in Roman Europe. Bonosus and Proculus made themselves emperors. The "Historia Augusta" says that this was at Colonia Agrippina (Cologne), but this may not be correct. Not long after this, Probus's armies overcame the armies of Proculus and Bonosus at Colonia Agrippina. Bonosus may have killed himself and Probus may have executed Proculus.

Probus was Roman consul for the fourth time in 281. In around 281, there was a rebellion in Roman Britain. The rebellion was stopped for Probus by Victorinus. The Latin histories of Jerome say that around 281, there was another rebellion in Antioch. There, Saturninus made himself emperor. The Greek historian Zosimus wrote that Saturninus was the governor of Roman Syria. Jerome wrote that soldiers in Saturninus's army murdered him at Apamea in Roman Syria.

Around the end of 281, Probus held a triumph in Rome. Probus was Roman consul for the fifth time in 282.

Soldiers of the Roman army murdered Probus at Sirmium in autumn 282, probably in August or September. The "Historia Augusta" says that he was buried in a mausoleum in Sirmium.

There may have been a "damnatio memoriae" on Probus, and the Romans removed his name from some inscriptions. Later however, possibly in the time of the emperor Diocletian, the Romans deified Probus (making him into a god). He got a new name in .

The "Historia Augusta" says that Probus had a sister with the name Claudia. This may be fiction.

South Dakota's at-large congressional district

South Dakota's at-large congressional district is a single congressional district in the U.S. state of South Dakota. Republican Dusty Johnson is the representative since elected in 2018. It contains all of South Dakota including the big cities of Sioux Falls.

North Dakota's at-large congressional district

North Dakota's at-large congressional district is a single congressional district in the U.S. state of North Dakota. Republican Kelly Armstrong is the representative since elected in 2018. It contains all of North Dakota, including the big city of Fargo.

Partition of Iraq

In the years after the United States invaded Iraq in 2003, some people have said that they support the idea of partitioning Iraq, or dividing Iraq into three (or more) separate parts (a Sunni Arab part, a Shi'a Arab part, and a Kurdish part). These parts could be loosely united as an Iraqi federation or be three separate independent countries.

Support for the idea of dividing Iraq into three (or more) separate parts came from various prominent Americans and Iraqis, including Joe Biden, Leslie H. Gelb, Edward P. Joseph, Michael E. O'Hanlon, Khamis Khanjar, Atheel al-Nujaifi, Rafaa al-Issawi, Ali Khedery, John Bolton, and Michael J. Totten.

The idea of dividing Iraq has been criticized by Ben Connable. Connable said that none of Iraq's major groups or political factions actually want to divide Iraq and that neither do the Iraqi people. Connable also says that Iran (Iraq's most influential neighbor) does not want to see Iraq get divided and that the United States can't actually do anything to force Iraqi politicians to agree to divide their country into three (or more) separate parts. Connable also says that the new independent countries in the area will be unable to work together if Iraq is divided and that the violence and ethnic cleansing in a partitioned Iraq is likely to be even worse than it is right now. (In a separate article, Robert Mackey likewise argues that the idea of partitioning territories did not have a very good track record in Ireland, India, and Palestine and is thus unlikely to work very well in Iraq either.) Connable also doubts that an independent Shi'a Arab state in southern Iraq would actually want to share any of its oil revenues with a poor, landlocked, and backward independent Sunni Arab state in western Iraq.

Amerang

Amerang is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Aschau im Chiemgau

Aschau im Chiemgau (Central Bavarian: "Aschau im Cheamgau") is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Polychlorinated naphthalene

Polychlorated naphtalenes, or PCN are the products that are made when naphtalene is treated with chlorine. In many respects, these substances are similar to Polychlorinated biphenyls, or PCBs.
PCNs are used as insicticides and as fungicides. Wood is often treated with PCNs to make it more resistant. Sometimes, they are used to produce water-resistant dyes and colors. Sometimes, they replaces PCBs in the form of artificial resins. 
Like PCBs, they are very poisonous. They cause chloracne when they have direct contact with the skin. There are other symptoms, such as being irritable, losing weight, and certain liver dysfunctions. Because, like PCBs, they take a long time to decay, they were classified as persistent organic pollutant in 2015.

Babensham

Babensham (Central Bavarian: "Bomsham") is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Bad Feilnbach

Bad Feilnbach (Bavarian: "Bad Feilnboch" or "Bad Feimboch") is a municipality and a spa town in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.


Trebonianus Gallus

Trebonianus Gallus was Roman emperor from 251 to 253 AD.

Adelina Domingues

Adelina Domingues (née Engargiola; February 19, 1888 – August 21, 2002) was an American supercentenarian who was posthumously recognized as the world's oldest living person by the Guinness Book of World Records for the last three months of her life.

Domingues was born on February 19, 1888 in Brava, in Cape Verde, in modest circumstances. She married Jose Manuel Domingues in 1906, with him emigrating to the United States shortly afterwards and her joining him there (specifically in Massachusetts) the next year, specifically in 1907. Domingues did missionary work for the Church of the Nazarene in Africa and her birth place of Cape Verde and also engaged in vigorous street-corner preaching while she lived in both Boston and New Bedford in Massachusetts. Her husband Jose died from cancer in 1950. She lived alone until the age of 107, when she moved into a retirement facility, and also used a wheelchair in her last years. Only one of her children lived past their teenage years–specifically Frank Domingues, who died at age 71 in 1998, predeceasing his mother by four years. After her son Frank's death, Adelina Domingues's condition began to decline and worsen. Adelina Domingues attributed her longevity to eating vegetables and beans on a daily basis and also to abstaining from any form of both alcohol and tobacco for her entire life.

She died in Spring Valley, California (in the San Diego area) at 1:30 PM Pacific Daylight Time on August 21, 2002 from congestive heart failure at the age of 114 years and 183 days. She was the last remaining undisputed person born in the 1888 or before, although by 2002 Kamato Hongo of Japan was still believed to have been older.

Woman in a Hat

Woman in a Hat () is a 1985 Polish drama movie directed by Stanisław Różewicz and starring Hanna Mikuc, Maria Czubasiewicz, Wiesława Mazurkiewicz, Barbara Dziekan, Krzysztof Gosztyla, Tomasz Lengren.

The Story of Us (movie)

The Story of Us is a 1999 Universal Pictures movie. Rob Reiner directed the movie and also acted in it.

Voices

Operation Lam Son 719

Operation Lam Son 719 was a South Vietnamese military operation where South Vietnam, with United States support, attempted to disrupt the Ho Chi Minh Trail in Laotian territory. This operation was a failure, South Vietnam had to withdraw from Laos after failing to achieve its goals there, and the Ho Chi Minh trail remained intact and fully functional, allowing the North Vietnamese to continue to use it.

Bernau am Chiemsee

Bernau am Chiemsee (Central Bavarian: "Bernau am Cheamsee", written ) is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.


Pharaoh (movie)

Pharaoh () is a 1966 Polish drama movie directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz and was adapted by the novel of the same name by Bolesław Prus. It stars Jerzy Zelnik, Piotr Pawłowski, Leszek Herdegen, Emir Buczacki, Ryszard Ronczewski, Wiesława Mazurkiewicz and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1967.

Brannenburg

Brannenburg (Central Bavarian: "Brannaburg") is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Bush v. Gore

Bush v. Gore was a United States Supreme Court (SCOTUS) ruling from December 11, 2000 that stopped Florida's manual recount because different Florida counties had different rules for deciding what should count as a valid vote. SCOTUS also disliked the fact that the Florida recount was limited to undervotes (rather than having "all of" Florida's ballots be manually recounted) and said that there was no time for a new recount in Florida since Florida's Supreme Court said that the Florida state legislature wanted Florida to take advantage of the "safe harbor" deadline on December 12, 2000.

In "Bush v. Gore", seven Justices (everyone other than Ruth Bader Ginsburg and John Paul Stevens) agreed that there were Equal Protection problems with Florida's recount, five Justices (everyone other than Ginsburg, Stevens, David Souter, and Stephen Breyer) said that there was no time for a new Florida recount, and three Justices (Chief Justice William Rehnquist, Antonin Scalia, and Clarence Thomas) went a step further than this by saying that in addition to violating the Equal Protection Clause, Florida's Supreme Court also violated Article II of the United States Constitution by changing Florida's election laws.

SCOTUS's "Bush v. Gore" ruling got a lot of criticism but was also defended in a long 2001 law review article by George Mason University law professor Nelson Lund.

Breitbrunn am Chiemsee

Breitbrunn am Chiemsee (Central Bavarian: "Broadbrunn am Cheamsee") is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria. 

Pace v. Alabama

Pace v. Alabama was a unanimous 1883 United States Supreme Court (SCOTUS) ruling that said that Alabama's law that forbade people of different races from having sex with each other did not violate the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment because both/all of the people involved in each act of interracial sex were punished equally. "Pace v. Alabama" was overturned over 80 years later by "McLaughlin v. Florida" and "Loving v. Virginia".

In 2010, M. Kelly Tillery said that "Pace v. Alabama" was one of the ten top worst SCOTUS decisions of all time.

Chiemsee (municipality)

Chiemsee (Central Bavarian: "Cheamsee") is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria. 

Time Series

Time Series is a statistical method used to forecast revenues, hotel occupancy, interest rates etc.

Edling, Germany

Edling is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria. 

Eggstätt

Eggstätt is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria. 

The Autobiography of Calvin Coolidge

The Autobiography of Calvin Coolidge is an autobiography written by former United States President Calvin Coolidge. It was published in 1929, shortly after Coolidge left office.

Coolidge's autobiography has about 45,000 words, unusually short for the time. It was praised by Ray Long (editor of "Cosmopolitan" magazine) for describing the complete story of Coolidge's life and "the complete story of our country during the dramatic years of this generation." Coolidge was one of the first U.S. Presidents to write and publish an autobiography. Coolidge's autobiography talks about all of the important moments in his life, such as his childhood and youth, Governorship, Presidency, son's death, and retirement. It was criticized by some for being too obvious and not giving any new information that was previously unknown to the public. However, this trait of the autobiography was not that surprising as no one expected Coolidge to reveal some private government information and secrets in his autobiography (Coolidge was a very private man, despite his happy-going and cheerful public personality image). However, it was also praised for its relative shortness, considering that most autobiographies of the time were much longer. Coolidge's autobiography, in contrast, was about half the size of a novel. One of the most important moments in the book was Coolidge's belief that President Warren Harding would recover (in 1923) and then his surprise and inauguration following Harding's death.

The Coolidge autobiography was very popular when it was published, which is seen in the large amount of fan mail that Coolidge got afterwards and by the fact that many newspapers were willing to publish parts of the autobiography so that much more Americans could buy it and view it. Coolidge said that he hoped that his autobiography might guide and encourage the young men and women of America.


Eiselfing

Eiselfing is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Feldkirchen-Westerham

Feldkirchen-Westerham is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Feldkirchen-Westerham has 54 administrative divisions.

Loving v. Virginia

Loving v. Virginia was a unanimous 1967 United States Supreme Court (SCOTUS) ruling which held that U.S. states cannot forbid people of different races from marrying each other, overturning the 1883 SCOTUS ruling in "Pace v. Alabama". "Loving v. Virginia" was later used as inspiration for the 2015 SCOTUS ruling in "Obergefell v. Hodges", which held that U.S. states cannot forbid people from marrying someone of the same sex.

Flintsbach

Flintsbach is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Nationality, religion, and language data for the provinces of Thailand

Thailand collected nationality data for its provinces in both 1970 and 2000. They also collected religion and language data for the provinces in both 1990 and 2000. The table below shows Thai provincial data about these things for these specific Thai census years.

Aï Keïta Yara

Aï Keïta Yara is a Burkinabè actress. Her first movie was "Sarraounia", where she played the queen the movie is named after. "Sarraounia" won several awards, and she was able to act in more movies and TV shows after that.


The Young Magician (movie)

The Young Magician (; ) is a 1987 Canadian Polish fantasy movie directed by Waldemar Dziki and is the fourth movie in the Tales for All series. It stars Rusty Jedwab, Eduard Garson, Michał Szewczyk, Władysław Kowalski, Andrzej Szczepkowski, Andrzej Blumenfeld, Piotr Polk, Zbigniew Suszyński.

The Two Who Stole the Moon

The Two Who Stole the Moon () is a 1962 Polish fantasy movie directed by Jan Batory and was based on the 1928 book of the same name by Kornel Makuszyński. It stars Lech Kaczyński, Jarosław Kaczyński, Ludwik Benoit, Helena Grossówna, Janusz Strachocki, Wacław Kowalski, Michał Szewczyk. 

The film's two child stars, twin brothers Lech and Jarosław Kaczyński, later became major politicians as adults: Lech was the President of Poland between 2005 and 2010, while Jarosław was the Prime Minister of Poland between 2006 and 2007.

History of the Jews in Namibia

The history of the Jews in Namibia spans a little over 150 years. Non-existent in Namibia before the 19th century, Jews played an important if minor role in the history of Namibia since that point in time, despite the fact that their population was always small. The most famous Namibian Jew was "businessman, philanthropist and Jewish communal leader" Harold Pupkewitz (1915–2012).

In the mid-19th century, Jewish businessmen from Cape Town named the De Pass brothers became the first Jews in what is now Namibia when they established a trading post on the Nawaqualand Coast. The De Pass brothers began the Pomona Copper Company in Pomona, Namibia in 1861. After Namibia became a German colony in the late 19th century, more Jews came to Namibia for business, et cetera. However, under German rule, only about 100 Jews lived in Namibia, most of whom lived in Swakopmund. After the German defeat in World War I, the newly created League of Nations gave South Africa a mandate over Namibia. The Jewish population of Namibia (which had close relations with the Jews in South Africa) began increasing after this point, and there were 400 to 500 Jews living in Namibia (mostly in Windhoek) in 1965 (however, Jews were still less than one percent of the total White population in Namibia during this time).

Because the League of Nations mandate for Namibia was cancelled by the United Nations and the fact that Namibia became independent, the Jewish population in Namibia dramatically declined since 1965, with only 60 to 100 Jews living in Namibia today. In spite of this very low number of Jews, Windhoek "has a Hebrew congregation dating from 1917, a synagogue built in 1925, a Talmud Torah, a communal hall, an active Zionist movement supported by generous contributions, and the only Jewish minister in the territory." Other than at Windhoek, the only other place in Namibia today where Jews live in is Keetmanshoop, where about twelve Jewish families currently live.



Emma Tillman

Emma Fanchon Faust Tillman ( Faust; November 22, 1892 – January 28, 2007) was the world's oldest living person for four days in late January 2007. She holds the record for the shortest period spent as the world's oldest person.

Emma Tillmann was born to sharecroppers in Sedalia, North Carolina on November 22, 1892, being one of 23 children and one of 15 children to live to adulthood. She moved to Connecticut together with her family in 1900 and was a member of her local church (the Metropolitan AME Zion Church in Hartford, Connecticut) since 1915, for a whopping 91 years in total. Tillman was the President of the Chancel Choir for 15 years and the church Secretary for 13 years. Since she could not find a job as a regular secretary due to discrimination, she had a career in catering, including baking cakes for both Katharine Hepburn's father and Jackie Robinson. Tillman's husband died in 1939, before the United States's entry into World War II, and she also outlived one of her two daughters. However, all of her Emma Tillman's siblings who moved to the Northern United States with her in 1900 ended up living beyond the age of 100.

Tillman died on January 28, 2007 and was survived by her 80-year-old daughter Marjorie and also by many other younger descendants of hers. She was the last remaining undisputed person born in 1892. She was succeeded as the world's oldest living person by 114-year-old Japanese woman Yone Minagawa.


Eroica (1958 movie)

Eroica (released in some territories as Heroism) is a 1958 Polish World War II movie directed by Andrzej Munk and starring Edward Dziewoński, Tadeusz Łomnicki, Michał Szewczyk, Barbara Połomska, Ignacy Machowski, Leon Niemczyk, Henryk Bak, Kazimierz Rudzki.

Frasdorf

Frasdorf is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.


Griesstätt

Griesstätt is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Großkarolinenfeld

Großkarolinenfeld is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Gstadt am Chiemsee

Gstadt am Chiemsee (Central Bavarian: "Gstod am Cheamsee") is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.


What Will You Do When You Catch Me?

What Will You Do When You Catch Me? () is a 1978 Polish comedy movie directed by Stanisław Bareja and starring Kryzysztof Kowalewski, Bronisław Pawlik, Stanisław Tym, Ewa Wiśniewska, Ewa Ziętek, Stefan Friedmann.

Chelcie Ross

Chelcie Claude Ross is an American character actor, most known for "Above the Law", "Major League", "Basic Instinct", "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey", "Hoosiers" and "The Ballad of Buster Scruggs". 

He served in Vietnam as an officer in the United States Air Force where he had been awarded a Bronze Star, and earned an MFA from the Dallas Theater Center. He left the Air Force in 1970. His son, Ian Ross, plays bass in the band John 5 and The Creatures, the instrumental group fronted by guitarist John 5 (Marilyn Manson, Rob Zombie.)

V1400 Centauri

V1400 Centauri (or 1SWASP J140747 or J1407 for short) is a star. It is a main sequence star, similar to our Sun. It is in the constellation Centaurus about 434 light years away from Earth. 

It is not visible to the naked eye: you need a telescope to see it. It is only 16 million years old, which is a very young star. It is a variable star. In 2007, it was thought J1407 was eclipsed and orbited by a gas giant or brown dwarf with a giant ring system. In 2021, it was discovered the parent star is strongly variable, with a 5.4-year long magnetic activity cycle. This means it might not have a planet. The variation might be caused by the star itself.

Sullia

Sullia is a city in the Dakshina Kannada district in Karnataka.

Villers-le-Lac

Villers-le-Lac is a commune of 5,090 people (2018). It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

It is near the border with Switzerland.

Crouy-Saint-Pierre

Crouy-Saint-Pierre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Três Corações

Três Corações is a city in the state of Minas Gerais in south Brazil. As of 2020, 80,032 people lived here.

Football player Pelé was born here.

Death Watch

Death Watch () is a 1980 French German science fiction movie directed by Bertrand Tavernier and was based on 1973 novel "The Unsleeping Eye" by David G. Compton. It stars Harvey Keitel, Romy Schneider, Harry Dean Stanton, Max von Sydow, Caroline Langrishe, Vadim Glowna.


Cuélas

Cuélas is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Dému

Dému is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Abainville

Abainville is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Meuse department in northeast France.

Blangy-sous-Poix

Blangy-sous-Poix is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Blangy-Tronville

Blangy-Tronville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Yzeux

Yzeux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fourdrinoy

Fourdrinoy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Halfing

Halfing is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Höslwang

Höslwang is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Kiefersfelden

Kiefersfelden is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

List of Javanese people

This is a list of Javanese people. 




















Hawaii's 1st congressional district

Hawaii's 1st congressional district () is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Hawaii. Democrat Ed Case is the representative since elected in 2018. It contains the city of Honolulu.

Hawaii's 2nd congressional district

Hawaii's 2nd congressional district () is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Hawaii. Democrat Kai Kahele is the representative since elected in 2020. It contains the counties of Kauai, Maui, Kalawao, and Hawaii ("the Big Island").

Nußdorf am Inn

Nußdorf am Inn (officially: "Nußdorf a. Inn") is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria. Nußdorf consists of 23 boroughs.

List of artists from Indonesia

This is a list of artists from, or associated, with Indonesia







Actual idealism

Actual idealism is a form of idealism developed by philosopher 
Giovanni Gentile

Simpler explanations are always correct. Gentile theorizes that thoughts can only be formed on the basis of incomplete information within the bounds of known reality. Abstract thinking does not exist. 

Actual idealism initially began as the "philosophy of fascism". Giovanni Gentile used his theory to support the formation of Mussolini's fascist state in Italy.

Oberaudorf

Oberaudorf (; Bavarian: "Obaaudoaf") is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Stephanskirchen

Stephanskirchen (Bavarian: "Stephanskircha" or "Steffeskirch") is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.


AirTag

AirTag is an accessory that helps you find objects. Preorders began on 23 Apr 2021. It was released on 30 Apr 2021, at the price of £29 each or £99 for 4 pack. It has an optional emoji in it. It is IP67 water- and dust-resistant, up to a depth of for up to 30 minutes. It comes with a CR2032 battery which last for 1 year. It has a diameter of and thickness of , and it weighs .

Any iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch with iOS/iPadOS 14.5 or later.

Darius Slay

Darius Demetrius Slay Jr. is an American football corner back. He plays for the Philadelphia Eagles. Slay was also a former corner back for the Detroit Lions. Slay is a 3x Pro Bowler 1x All Pro team in 2017. Darius Slay was born January 1, 1991 in Brunswick, GA.

Vogtareuth

Vogtareuth is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Roger Soloman

Roger Allan Francis Soloman (May 16, 1939 – April 14, 2021) was a Canadian provincial politician and educator on Prince Edward Island.

He served as member of the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island (MLA) from 1993 to 1996, sitting with the Prince Edward Island Liberal Party. He died April 14, 2021 at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Charlottetown a month before his 82nd birthday.

Roman Catholics

Pfaffing

Pfaffing is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Dendropsophus juliani

Dendropsophus juliani is a frog that lives in Peru. Scientists think it might also live in Brazil.

Prutting

Prutting is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Pfaffing (disambiguation)

Pfaffing is the name of two municipalities in Europe:

Boisbergues

Boisbergues is a commune. It is in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in north France.

Breilly

Breilly is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Chipilly

Chipilly is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Tuntenhausen

Tuntenhausen is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Ramerberg

Ramerberg is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Rott am Inn

Rott am Inn is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Picquigny

Picquigny is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Raubling

Raubling is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Creuse, Somme

Creuse is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Riedering

Riedering is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Rimsting

Rimsting is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria. 

Rohrdorf, Bavaria

Rohrdorf (North Central Bavarian: "Roudarf") is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria. 


Samerberg

Samerberg is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Schechen

Schechen (Bavarian: "Schecha") is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Schonstett

Schonstett is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.


Söchtenau

Söchtenau is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

Soyen

Soyen is a municipality in Rosenheim, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

OpenEXR

OpenEXR is a image format that has some similar features to JPEG and PNG, but has a higher dynamic range and a 32-bit color channel. OpenEXR gives more realism and precision but has huge file sizes. It has been released under the BSD license.

Neumarkt-Sankt Veit

Neumarkt-Sankt Veit (until 1934 the town was called Neumarkt an der Rott) is a town in Mühldorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Rott, 10 kilometers north of Mühldorf, and 33 kilometers southeast of Landshut.

Neumarkt-Sankt Veit is twinned with:



Günzburg

Günzburg is a town in the German state of Bavaria. It is the capital of the district of Günzburg. 

It is where Legoland Germany is located.


Caix

Caix is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Menachem Mendel Schneerson

Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson (April 5, 1902 OS – June 12, 1994) is the seventh and most recent designated leader of the Chabad-Lubavitch movement. Born in Imperial Russia, he emigrated and settled in the United States.

Cavillon

Cavillon is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Alexandra Coletti

Alexandra Coletti (born 8 August 1983 in La Colle, Monaco) is an alpine skier. She went to the 2006 Winter Olympics and the 2010 Winter Olympics for M. She was Monaco's flagbearer at the Opening Ceremony of the 2010 Winter Olymics. She also won the silver medal at the 2005 European Cup for downhill skiing. Her brother, Stefano Coletti, is a racing driver in the IndyCar Series.

Le Boisle

Le Boisle is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Boismont, Somme

Boismont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Westlake, Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana

Westlake is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Robert Simac

Robert Simac is a former French racing driver. Robert Simac raced in rally seasons: Lyon-Charbonnières, San Remo, Tour de Corse, Tour Auto, and Sweden. Robert Simac was Formula 2 European Champion in 2003 and 2004.

In 2005, he encountered a certain rivalry with Martin Stretton, whom he would face in certain races. In 2012 he narrowly missed the title. Finally, from 2013 to 2016, Robert Simac will win the title of historic FIA Formula 2 European champion four years in a row, driving a March 712 M (chassis n ° 11), repainted and redecorated with its true colors. origin, which Jean-Pierre Jaussaud piloted in 1971 within Team Arnold. 

Mezuzah

A mezuzah is a box with a scroll in it. Jews put on mezuzahs their doors. The mezuzah is written by a Jewish scribe called a Sofer.

Most people put their mezuzah on the front doorpost, but halakha requires that every room with 36 square feet (but not bathrooms) should have a mezuzah on the right side of the doorpost.

There are 4 different types of writing styles for Mezuzahs: Beis Yosef, Arizal, Sephardi and Alter Rebbe.

In the United States, prices for Mezuzahs range from US$50 for a cheap mezuzah, $85 for a medium quality, and $130-150 for a high-quality mezuzah.

The idea for mezuzah comes from Deuteronomy, chapter 6: "And you shall inscribe them on the doorposts (mezuzot) of your house and on your gates."

Shipwreck Island (Struan Murray novel)

Shipwreck Island is the second book of the trilogy written by Struan Murray and first published on March 4, 2021.

Combles

Combles is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Dernancourt

Dernancourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Doullens

Doullens is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Drucat

Drucat is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ferrières, Somme

Ferrières is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Marie Laveau

Marie Catherine Laveau (September 10, 1801 – June 15, 1881) was a Louisiana practitioner of voodoo, herbalism and midwifery. She was well-known in 19th century New Orleans. 

Her daughter, Marie Laveau II, (1827–c. 1862) also practiced rootwork, conjure, Native American and African spiritualism and Louisiana voodoo.

An alternate spelling of her name, Laveaux, may be from the original French spelling.

Franqueville, Somme

Franqueville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Siedlce

Siedlce is a city in Masovian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2020, 78,258 people lived there.

Hangest-sur-Somme

Hangest-sur-Somme is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Doha Agreement (2020)

The Doha Agreement was a deal signed between the United States and the Taliban in Doha, Qatar in February 2020. It said that all U.S. troops are going to leave Afghanistan by May 1, 2021. U.S. President Joe Biden said that the U.S. exit from Afghanistan will begin on May 1, 2021 and end by September 11, 2021, which would be exactly 20 years since the September 11 attacks.

Hombleux

Hombleux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2019, the former commune of Grécourt was merged into Hombleux.

Kohen

A Kohen is someone who's father is a kohen. The first Kohen was Aaron.

Charles III, Duke of Bourbon

Charles III, Duke of Bourbon (February 17, 1490 – May 6, 1527) was a French prince from the House of Bourbon.

Charles was the second son of Gilbert, Duke of Montpensier and his wife Clara Gonzaga. In 1505, he married Suzanne, the daughter of Peter II, Duke of Bourbon. By the age of 15, he became the richest noble in Europe. Charles fought at the Battle of Marignano in 1515 and King Francis I took away Charles's lands after the death of Charles's wife Suzanne in 1521 because Charles did not want to marry Francis's mother Louise of Savoy. This made Charles very angry at King Francis and caused Charles to seek an alliance with the Holy Roman Emperor and also with King Henry VIII of England. In 1527, Charles's army participated in the Sack of Rome, where Charles himself was killed.

Struan Murray

Struan C. Murray is a Scottish writer, best known for his "Orphans of the Tide" trilogy.

Murray grew up in Edinburgh as the youngest of a large, rowdy family of redheads. His first publication was a drawing in Pingu Magazine, aged seven.

Ranvir Singh

Ranvir Singh (born 11 August 1977) is a British television presenter. She is the Political Editor, Standby Newsreader and Standby Presenter for Good Morning Britain.

Singh was born in 1977 in Preston, Lancashire in a Sikh family. Educated at Kirkham Grammar School, an independent school in Kirkham, Lancashire, she graduated from the University of Lancaster with a degree in English and Philosophy. She then gained a postgraduate qualification in journalism at the School of Journalism, Media and Communication, University of Lancashire.

Singh joined BBC Radio Lancashire in 2002, initially on work experience before being a six-month contract. She then moved to BBC GMR, covering the 2002 Commenwealth Games in Manchester. Singh joined the BBC North West regional news programme "North West Tonight" in 2005 as a journalist and bulletin presenter. She was a co-presenter of the ITV Breakfast programme "Daybreak" and then did "Good Morning Britain" as a features correspondent and news presenter with Susanna Reid, Sean Fletcher, Ben Shephard and Charlotte Hawkins, then she has been a relief newscaster on the various ITV News bulletins, then did a factual programme "Tonight" as a reporter. Since March 2015, she has guest presented numerous "Exposure" specials. In 2016 and 2017, Singh co-presented "The Martin Lewis Money Show" alongside Martin Lewis, but was later replaced by Angellica Bell. And then Singh danced with a professional dancer in the eighteenth series of the BBC One celebrity dancing show "Strictly Come Dancing" since 2020.

David B. Hill

David Bennett Hill (August 29, 1843 – October 20, 1910) was the Democratic Governor of New York between 1885 and 1891.

Hill was born in Havana, New York on August 29, 1843 and was educated in New York's public schools. He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1864. Hill was a member and speaker of the New York House of Representatives in 1871-1872, alderman of Elmira in 1880-1881, mayor of Elmira in 1882, and New York Lieutenant Governor in 1882-1885. When New York Governor Grover Cleveland resigned on January 6, 1885 in order to become U.S. President, Hill become New York's Governor. Hill later won elections for New York Governor in both November 1885 and November 1888. When Hill was New York Governor, child labor reform laws were supported, New York's economy was good, and the first person ever was executed using the electric chair. Also, as Governor, Hill vetoed a bill to have another census in New York in 1885 because this proposed census would ask too many questions and thus be too expensive for New York state taxpayers (who would have to pay for this census). Later on, Hill was U.S. Senator from New York between 1892 and 1897 and then retired from politics and went back to practicing law. Hill was also the president of the New York State Bar Association in 1885-1887. Hill died on October 20, 1910 and was buried in Mountour Cemetery in Montour Falls, New York.

Adorable Julia

Adorable Julia (German: Julia, Du bist zauberhaft) is a 1962 Austrian French German comedy movie directed by Alfred Weidenmann and was based on the 1937 novel "Theatre" by W. Somerset Maugham and was turned into a play by Guy Bolton. It stars Lilli Palmer, Charles Boyer, Jean Sorel, Jeanne Valérie, Ljuba Welitsch, Tilly Lauenstein, Charles Régnier, Thomas Fritsch, Fritz Weiss, Herbert Fux.


Summer Place Wanted

Summer Place Wanted () is a 1957 Swedish comedy movie directed by Hasse Ekman and starring Eva Dahlbeck, Bibi Andersson, Sigge Fürst, Gunnar Björnstrand, Birgitte Reimer, Alf Kjellin.

McLaughlin v. Florida

McLaughlin v. Florida is a 1964 United States Supreme Court case that said that U.S. states cannot treat interracial sex differently from sex between people of the same race. The law that was challenged and struck down in this case was a Florida law that banned interracial couples from living together but not couples of the same race. This case, along with the 1967 case "Loving v. Virginia", overturned the 1883 case "Pace v. Alabama".

Everglow (song)

"Everglow" is a song by British rock band Coldplay. It is the fourth track from their seventh studio album, "A Head Full of Dreams". The song features uncredited guest vocals by Gwyneth Paltrow. At the time, Paltrow was married to Coldplay's lead singer, Chris Martin. The track was first performed during Zane Lowe's Beats 1 radio show on 26 November 2015. It was released as a promotional single for the album on 27 November 2015.

On 11 November 2016 it was released digitally as the fifth single proper from the album, in a newly recorded version. This version was inspired by Martin's unrehearsed solo performance of the song at the recent Glastonbury Festival. This version ends with a sample of Muhammad Ali's 1977 speech in Newcastle upon Tyne.

Khmer Empire

Fake The Khmer Empire or Angkor Empire (Khmer: ចក្រភពអង្គរ, "Chăkrâphôp Ângkô" are the terms that historians use to refer to Cambodia from 802 CE to 1431 CE when the nation was a Hindu/Buddhist empire in Southeast Asia. The empire referred to itself as Kambuja or Kambujadeśa which are ancient terms for Cambodia. The empire grew out of the former civilizations of Funan and Chenla, and at times ruled over and/or vassalized most of mainland Southeast Asia and parts of Southern China, its control stretching from the tip of the Indochinese Peninsula northward to modern Yunnan province, China, and from Vietnam westward to Myanmar.

A notable achievement is the site of Angkor, which is located in present-day Cambodia, the Khmer capital when the empire was the greatest. The majestic monuments of Angkor, such as Angkor Wat and Bayon, show the Khmer Empire's immense power, wealth, art, culture, architectural technique, aesthetics achievements, and the variety of belief systems that the Khmer Empire had over time. Satellite imaging has revealed that Angkor was the largest pre-industrial urban center in the world during the Khmer Empire's peak in the 11th to 13th centuries.

The beginning of the era of the Khmer Empire is conventionally dated to 802 when King Jayavarman II declared himself "chakravartin" ("universal ruler", title equivalent to "emperor") on Phnom Kulen. The empire ended with the fall of Angkor in the 15th century.

Shin Yasuda

Shin Yasuda (安田伸, "Yasuda Shin", September 19, 1932 - November 5, 1996) is a Japanese saxophonist, comedian, actor, and composer. His real name is Hidemine Yasuda (安田 秀峰, "Yasuda Hidemine"). His nickname is Ya-san (ヤッさん), Mister Ya in English.

Yasuda grew up in the () in 1932. His father was from the Saga Prefecture and a right wing activist, but he soon started the fur and leather business. He moved to Kawasaki shortly after Yasuda was born and was evacuated when he was in the sixth grade from the . Yasuda then moved to (also known as Kakio, Kawasaki City), where his mother's parents' home lived and failed his grades when he was in the first year of the old . Aspiring to become a soldier, Yasuda applied to the , but due to his fail grades, he changed his career to the path of music and learned to use the cornet by himself.

While attending the new year at the Atsugi High School, Yasuda founded the brass band club, was in charge of the alto saxophone, and served as the principal. During his first year of high school, he was planning on attending the University of Tokyo or the Hitotsubashi University, but when Yasuda was in his third year of high school, he became interested in music and in 1951, he went to the Department of Instruments at the . However, Yasuda was not used to the feudal nature of the classical music world, and due to financial difficulties to keep paying a large monthly fee, he started a part-time job as a jazzman at an expeditionary force club.

Finally, when the Instrumentation Department was established at the Tokyo University of the Arts, it was moved there and completed in 1953. Since then, Yasuda has been active as a jazzman in Yokohama, Yokosuka, and . Yasuda later meets both Êtarô Ishibashi and during his trip to Yokohama. In 1953, he formed his own jazz band "The Four Devers" with Masahiro Ishida (saxophone), Yukio Tanizaki (bass), and Tetsuo Hino (drums) and performed in both Tokyo and Nagoya. At this time, Yasuda performed with Ishibashi's band. Later, after working in "The Five" where Ishibashi is the leader, Yasuda's first apperence was in the Nagoya club "Fernando" as a member of "Happy Furinance". (Emi Itō & Yumi Itō) also appeared in this club. From this time on, his name often appeared in the "Swing Journal" advertisement. In the fall of 1957, he joined with the performance of Êtarô Ishibashi.

Yasuda was in charge of the tenor saxophone (occasionally a clarinet) as a successor to Masahiro Ishida, who was suffering from drug overdose and retired to see a psychiatrist. With a serious personality, he was the only member to appear in "Adult Manga" 1,835 times. Also, in "Shabontama Holiday", he was known for his role as "Deputy Director of the Kintoto Movie Studio", a contender who teamed up with Osami Nabe, and kept yelling "Yasuda!" In the end. He also plays the role of reversing his position. Also, the method of playing the saxophone while making the bridge is also famous, and it is shown on stage and in some Crazy Movies.

Due to his serious personality, Yasuda was concerned about his lack of talent, and one of the people involved (including songwriter ) even said, "Shin Yasuda is a crazy baggage." He seriously thought about retiring once, but a friend said, "You're like the University of Tokyo at six baseball colleges." It's luggage that Yasuda just lost, but he hopes to do something someday, so it's interesting for all six universities."

He is also an actor and appeared in many movies and television programs. However, since Yasuda participated in Crazy Cats band as a music expert, he did not intend to act as an actor originally, but when he appeared on a stage play, "" and "The Fun", he realized that he started to study on a large scale. Yasuda is also as a songwriter, and he composed many songs like "Weekly Crazy" theme song, drama theme songs, drama and company songs, group songs, and gymnastics accompaniment. Later, he formed the band "Coelacanth" with Kenichiro Morioka and Hiroshi Minami, and released songs like "If Tanuki Was In The World". He also co-starred with Kei Tani's band called "The Supermarket."

In his personal life, he married beauty researcher Miyoko Takekoshi in 1966. Known to his loving wife, a joke called "Miyoko" was born. However, he was not blessed with a childhood treasure, and in his later years, Yasuda himself was forced to fight his liver cancer and underwent surgery but managed to keep up with it to the end. He died of in 1996 at the age of 64.

Kathleen Hicks

Kathleen Holland Hicks (born September 25, 1970) is an American government official. She is the United States deputy secretary of defense since February 9, 2021 during the Joe Biden administation. Hicks is the first Senate-confirmed woman in this role. 

In 2012, Hicks was the principal deputy under secretary of defense for policy during the Barack Obama administration.

Boot loader

A boot loader is a program on your computer. It starts other programs, namely operating systems. Boot loaders run booting instructions so your operating system works and appears. This makes using your computer much easier than it would be otherwise.

Boot loaders work on all, or almost all, systems, from MBR (Master Boot Record) to UEFI (Unified Extensible Firmware Interface). If a boot loader does not work on your system, you may need to install a different one, use a different configuration, or fix the one it came with.

One of the most common boot loaders is the Windows Boot Manager, also known as bcdboot. It is the only official boot loader for Windows. It also comes preinstalled. Most of the time, there is no real reason to alter it. If you do alter it without full understanding, it is very hard to fix .

A common boot loader on Linux is the GRand Unified Bootloader Two, commonly known as GRUB2 or just GRUB. Other boot loaders include systemd-boot, syslinux, and LILO.

Straub v. BMT by Todd

Straub v. BMT by Todd is a 4-1 Indiana Supreme Court ruling which said that custodial parents can't bargain away child support even with a pre-sex contract. Justice Roger Owen DeBruler dissented, arguing that such contracts should be seen as valid and as being similar to insurance contracts, which the law allows even for responsibility in cases of negligence.

Ferguson v. McKiernan

Ferguson v. McKiernan is a 3-2 Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruling from 2007 which reversed a lower court's ruling. The lower court ruled that sperm donor Joel McKiernan had to pay child support. In its ruling, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court said that sperm donors would be less likely to donate their sperm if they were at risk of being forced to pay child support. The two dissenting Justices said that there was no basis in existing Pennsylvania law for the court's ruling.

Akaki Minashvili

Akaki Minashvili (; born 24 September 1980) is a Georgian politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Georgia from 2008 to 2012, from 2012 to 2016 and from 2020.

Affine symmetric group

Flat, straight-edged shapes (like triangles) or 3D ones (like pyramids) have only a finite number of symmetries - ways to reflect or rotate it where it looks the same. In contrast, the affine symmetric group is a way to mathematically describe all the symmetries possible when an infinitely large flat surface is covered by triangular tiles. As with many subjects in mathematics, it can also be thought of in a number ways: for example, it also describes the symmetries of the infinitely long number line, or the possible arrangements of all whole numbers (..., −2, −1, 0, 1, 2, ...) with certain repetitive patterns. As a result, studying the affine symmetric group extends the study of symmetries of polyhedra or of groups of permutations to the infinite case. It also connects several topics in mathematics that were originally studied for independent reasons, ranging from complex reflection groups to juggling sequences.

LZ77 and LZ78

LZ77 and LZ78 are two lossless data compression algorithms. Abraham Lempel and Jacob Ziv published them in papers, in 1977 and 1978. They are also known as LZ1 and LZ2. 

Today, there are many variations of these algorithms. Examples of such variations are LZW, LZSS, or LZMA. Lempel-Ziv-Welch (LZW) is a variant that was published in 1983, and that was used for the GIF format used by Compuserve, or the the DEFLATE algorithm used in PNG and ZIP.

They are both theoretically dictionary coders. LZ77 uses a sliding window during compression. Later, this was shown to be equivalent to the explicit dictionary constructed by LZ78. There are limitations though: The two methods are only equivalent when all of the data is to be decompressed.

Since LZ77 encodes and decodes from a sliding window over previously seen characters, decompression must always start at the beginning of the input. Conceptually, LZ78 decompression could allow random access to the input if the entire dictionary were known in advance. However, in practice the dictionary is created during encoding and decoding by creating a new phrase whenever a token is output.

The algorithms were named an IEEE Milestone in 2004. In 2021 Jacob Ziv was awarded the IEEE Medal of Honor for his involvement in their development.

In the second of the two papers that introduced these algorithms they are analyzed as encoders defined by finite-state machines. A measure analogous to information entropy is developed for individual sequences (as opposed to probabilistic ensembles). This measure gives a bound on the data compression ratio that can be achieved. It is then shown that there exists finite lossless encoders for every sequence that achieve this bound as the length of the sequence grows to infinity. In this sense an algorithm based on this scheme produces asymptotically optimal encodings. This result can be proven more directly, as for example in notes by Peter Shor.


Untamed (1955 movie)

Untamed is a 1955 American romantic adventure movie directed by Henry King and was based on the 1950 novel by Helga Moray. It stars Tyrone Power, Susan Hayward, Richard Egan, Agnes Moorehead, Henry O'Neill, John Justin, Rita Moreno, Brad Dexter, Hope Emerson and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Box 25

Box 25 () is a 2015 Panamanian American documentary movie directed by Mercedes Arias and Delfina Vidal about the men who built the Panama Canal.

The Four Musketeers (movie)

The Four Musketeers is a 1974 Spanish Panamanian British American adventure movie directed by Richard Lester and was based on the 1844 novel by Alexandre Dumas and is the sequel of the 1973 movie "The Three Musketeers". It stars Michael York, Oliver Reed, Frank Finlay, Richard Chamberlain, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Geraldine Chaplin, Charlton Heston, Faye Dunaway, Christopher Lee, Raquel Welch, Roy Kinnear and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1975.


Ruben Blades Is Not My Name

Ruben Blades Is Not My Name () is a 2018 Panamanian Argentine Colombian documentary movie directed by Abner Benaim.

Hogfish

The hogfish ("Lachnolaimus maximus"), also known as boquinete, doncella de pluma or pez perro in Mexico) is a species of fish which lives in the Western Atlantic Ocean. The hogfish lives in the area from Nova Scotia, Canada, to northern South America, including the Gulf of Mexico. It is classified as a wrasse.

Beth din

A Beit din (plural: Battei dinim) is a Jewish court of law.

There are several types of Battei dinim. The minimum and usual number for a Beit din is 3 Rabbis. There are also battei dinim of 23 and a beit din of 70.

Zaal Udumashvili

Zaal (Zaliko) Udumashvili (born 27 February 1971) is a Georgian journalist and politician. Member of Parliament of Georgia.


Pfaffing, Austria

Pfaffing is a municipality of the district of Vöcklabruck in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.

Lignières-Châtelain

Lignières-Châtelain is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Springfield, Virginia

Springfield is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. As of the 2010 census, 30,484 people live in Springfield.

Lignières-en-Vimeu

Lignières-en-Vimeu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Morcourt, Somme

Morcourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Blood and Roses

Blood and Roses () is a 1960 French Italian horror movie directed by Roger Vadim and is based on the 1872 novella "Carmilla" by Sheridan Le Fanu. It stars Mel Ferrer, Elsa Martinelli, Annette Vadim, René-Jean Chauffard, Marc Allégret, Alberto Bonucci, Serge Marquand, Gabriella Farinon and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


2013 Campeonato Amapaense

The 2013 Campeonato Amapaense de Futebol is the 68th edition of the Amapá's top professional football league. The competition began on July, and ended on October 12.

On the first stage all teams play against each other once. The two best teams play against each other to find the round's winner, and the six best advance to the second stage.

On the second stage, all six teams from the first stage play against each other once. The two best teams play against each other to find the second round's winner.

On the final stage, the winner of the first stage play against the winner of the second stage.

The champion qualifies to the 2014 Copa do Brasil and the 2014 Campeonato Brasileiro Série D.

Abacá

Abacá ( ; ), binomial name Musa textilis, is a type of banana. It is native to the Philippines. It is grown as a commercial crop in the Philippines, Ecuador, and Costa Rica. The plant, also known as Manila hemp. It is very important to the economy. It is harvested for its fiber, also called Manila hemp, extracted from the leaf-stems.

The plant grows to , and averages about . The fiber was originally used for making twines and ropes. It is used in a variety of paper products including tea bags, filter paper and banknotes.

The Ladies Man (1961 movie)

The Ladies Man is a 1961 American comedy movie directed by Jerry Lewis (who also stars) and starring Helen Traubel, Kathleen Freeman, Buddy Lester, George Raft, Harry James, Jack Kruschen, Mary LaRoche, Pat Stanley. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Méaulte

Méaulte is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

The Albert – Picardie Airport is partially in Méaulte.

Pont-Remy

Pont-Remy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Pozières

Pozières is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Rosières-en-Santerre

Rosières-en-Santerre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saisseval

Saisseval is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vaux-sur-Somme

Vaux-sur-Somme is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bonnay, Somme

Bonnay is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bonneville, Somme

Bonneville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cesenatico

Cesenatico is an Italian city on the Adriatic coast. Cesenatico is in the Emilia-Romagna Region. It has about 26,000 inhabitants.

Tarnowskie Góry

Tarnowskie Góry is a town in Silesian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2019, 61,422 people lived there.

Bosquel

Bosquel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ben Shephard

Benjamin Peter Sherrington Shephard (born 11 December 1974) is an English television presenter and journalist who is currently employed by ITV. He was a main presenter on the now defunct breakfast programme "GMTV" and since April 2014 has co-hosted the ITV breakfast show "Good Morning Britain" with Susanna Reid and Charlotte Hawkins and formerly Kate Garraway. He has also hosted game shows such as "The Krypton Factor" (2009–2010), "Tipping Point" (2012—present) and "Ninja Warrior UK" (2015—2019).

In 2012, along with Helen Skelton, he welcomed the athletes of the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games to Trafalgar Square as part of their homecoming parade.

Kaplan's Garagoa tree frog

Kaplan's Garagoa tree frog ("Dendropsophus stingi") is a frog that lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it near 2000 meters about sea level.

Formal grammar

A formal grammar says how to form an expression or a word, that is valid in a formal language. In the 1950s, Noam Chomsky classified formal grammars, into what is known as Chomsky hierarchy today: There are four different types of such grammars, numbered 0 to 3. Higher level grammars are stricter than lower level grammars. 

Sítio do Picapau Amarelo (video game)

Sítio do Picapau Amarelo, is a 1997 platforming video game developed by Tectoy for the Sega Master System. It was based on the eponymous series broadcast in the 1970s, which in turn was based on the book series by Monteiro Lobato. As Férias Frustradas do Pica Pau it was released in Brazil only.

The player chooses whether to play Pete or Emilia in the game. Both should go the way jumping on platforms and defeating enemies throwing objects on them, Pete with a slingshot and Emilia only stones. Throughout the game they lose points lives they can restore freeing caged birds along the way. However it has a very heavy control that impedes the player to give high jumps.

When the cook Aunt Anastacia gets sick, Pete and Emilia receive a mission to find the 5 ingredients to be able to cure her, venturing through forests found with creatures of folklore.

Brazilian Baseball Championship

The Brazilian Baseball Championship () is the highest competition of baseball in Brazil. It is organized by the Brazilian Baseball and Softball Confederation (CBBS).

The tournament consists of 16 from Brazilian teams from cities trying for the championship from October to November. In the first qualifying round, teams are divided into four groups. The top two teams in each group move on to the semifinals, with the finals being a one-game winner-take-all.


The Nippon Blue Jays on social media team uses Toronto Blue Jays badge from the Major League Baseball team due to possibly similar names.
Santos Futebol Clube (AP)

Santos Futebol Clube or Santos, as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football club based in Macapá, Amapá state.

In Amapá, precisely in 1973, Otávio Nogueira and Delson Furtado, mobilized a group of friends to found the Santos Futebol Clube in Macapá. The historic meeting took place exactly on 11 May 1973. On that occasion, the objective was to establish a club that came to be a factory of champions, so came the Santos.

Santos rivals are Oratório and Trem.



Race with Ryan

Race With Ryan is a 2019 racing video game based on the YouTube channel "Ryan's World." It was developed by 3dClouds and published by Outright Games for Microsoft Windows, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.

The game was announced on July 8, 2019. A trailer for the game was released the same day. On May 11, 2020, downloadable content was released, called the "Surprise Track Pack". A special edition, called the "Road Trip Deluxe Edition", was announced the same day and was released on October 16, 2020.

On Metacritic, the Nintendo Switch version of "Race With Ryan" received an average score of 100% based on seventeen reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".

Give a Girl a Break

Give a Girl a Break is a 1953 American musical comedy movie directed by Stanley Donen and starring Marge Champion, Gower Champion, Debbie Reynolds, Bob Fosse, Richard Anderson, Larry Keating. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Conjugation (disambiguation)

Conjugation is the change of a verb form in grammar.

Conjugation may also refer to:


Pele Eterno

Pelé Eterno (in English: "Pele Forever") is a 2004 Brazilian documentary film directed by Anibal Massaini Neto. It traces the life and career of the Brazilian soccer star Pelé, one of the greatest footballer of all time, from his poor childhood growing up in a little city, up to the present.

The film includes Pelé's greatest achievements, titles, interesting facts about his life, never before seen footage, and testimonials from personalities like Zito, Pepe, Zagallo, Tostão, Rivelino, Carlos Alberto Torres, and several others.

Commentarii de Bello Gallico

De Bello Gallico or Commentarii de Bello Gallico is a book by Julius Caesar. Its name means "Of the Gallic Wars." He wrote it about the battles he fought in Gaul. Today, we call Gaul France, Germany, Switzerland and Belgium.

Julius Caesar wrote this book in Latin in the year 8 c.e.

Vercingetorix appears in this book.

The whole land of Gaul is split into three parts.


Garrincha: Hero of the Jungle

Garrincha: Hero of the Jungle () is a 1962 Brazilian documentary film directed by Joaquim Pedro de Andrade, about the Brazilian soccer player Garrincha.It was entered into the 13th Berlin International Film Festival In 2006, the documentary was selected as part of a special section of the 63rd Venice International Film Festival, dedicated to Joaquim Pedro de Andrade.


The Man Who Killed Don Quixote

The Man Who Killed Don Quixote is a 2018 British Belgian French Spanish and Portuguese adventure fantasy comedy movie directed by Terry Gilliam and was based on the 1605/1615 novel "Don Quixote" by Miguel de Cervantes. It stars Adam Driver, Jonathan Pryce, Stellan Skarsgård, Olga Kurylenko, Joana Ribeiro, Jason Watkins, Óscar Jaenada and was distributed by Warner Bros..

Hollis McLaren

Hollis McLaren (born 5 February 1956) is a Canadian movie and television actress.

She is best known for her role in the 1977 cult movie "Outrageous!" and its sequel "Too Outrageous!", in which she played a character closely based on writer Margaret Gibson. She also had roles in the movies "Partners", "Atlantic City", "Jigsaw (L'Homme en colère)" and "Marion Bridge", as well as the television series "Pit Pony" and the television movie "Mom at Sixteen".

She was a Canadian Film Award nominee for Best Actress in 1977 for "Outrageous!".

The Zero Theorem

The Zero Theorem is a 2013 British Romanian American French science fiction movie directed by Terry Gilliam and starring Christoph Waltz, Mélanie Thierry, David Thewlis, Lucas Hedges, Matt Damon, Tilda Swinton, Sanjeev Bhaskar.


Kōga Gengo

Kōga Gengo (February 16, 1839 - May 6, 1869) was a Japanese samurai from the Kakegawa Domain and a Bakushin, meaning a samurai who served under direct rule lord of the Shogun. He was a boarding captain during the Boshin War and commanded the paddle corvette "Kaiten" where he was killed during the Battle of Miyako Bay. 
Born on February 16, 1839 in the Kakegawa Domain, he was the fourth child of Hidetaka Koga, leader of the Kakegawa Clan in Totomi. In 1855, Gengo traveled to Edo and studied Rangaku with daimyo of the Sakura Domain, Guntaro Kimura. He returned to his province two years later in 1857, but in 1858, Gengo was inspired to study navigation and went back to Edo under the guidance of Kō Yatabori, who was the professor at the Gunkan Office in Tsukiji. In 1855, the 2nd Dutch Navy Training Mission, led by Willem Huyssen van Kattendijke, came to Nagasaki to set up a naval training center.

Gengo's older brother, Gunnosuke Gengo, along with Katsu Kaishu and Yadabori, was the only Kakegawa feudal lord to receive the first Nagasaki Dutch Navy training. However, by the time of the second period, even though he had not accepted any new people other than the Bakushin, the fact that Gengo went to Nagasaki meant that he had an informal tour of the training as a subordinate of Yadabori.

Gengo studied advanced mathematics in Dutch with two of his mentors Yadabori and Arai Ikunosuke , and published a book about naval tactics. He also learned both English and French. In 1859, he became a vassal of the Shogunate and was appointed as a warship training assistant. The following year, Gengo also served as a guardsman in Yokohama. In 1861, Gengo became professor of naval training.

He was latter appointed as member of the warship club and surveyed the Edo Bay. The following year, the Shogunate Ogasawara Islands Inspection Team, led by Mizuno Tadanori, boarded the Kanrin Maru to preserve the area as Japanese territory. Gengo commanded the sailing ship "Senshū Maru" to survey the area. He boarded the ship with Arai Ikunosuke as a surveyor of the sailing ship. It was difficult to cross the Pacific Ocean in winter with an old sailing ship, and the Senshū Maru was washed away and had a hard time. Although it is very short, there is a memorandum of Gengo at that time. In 1863, Gengo was ordered to survey the Osaka Bay by engaging in two round-trip voyages between Edo and Osaka to escort the young shogun, Tokugawa Iemochi. In May of that year, he was summoned to the warship group.

In July 1863, during the Shimonoseki campaign, which began with the bombardment of the Chōshū Domain by Western forces (British Empire, United States, France and The Netherlands), Gengo headed for Shimonoseki with the messengers dispatched from the Shogunate to the Choshu while serving as the captain of the "Chōyō Maru". According to a letter to his family, the messenger's mission was to dismiss the Choshu samurais because they occupied the Ogura Clan's territory, and the messenger headed for the Ogura clan territory succeeded this. The messenger who landed in Shimonoseki was killed by foreign soldiers. In the First Chōshū expedition, he set sailed to Aki and Buzen. He became the captain of the "Kishō Maru" and sailed to Osaka in 1866. 
In 1867, Gengo was assigned to a fleet of small ten-person warships. That same year, the of the Royal Navy arrived at the warship training center, and as the training began on November 5, he became the head of the warship training center and also served as a student councilor on November 26. The Boshin War began when Imperial forces clashed with the Bakufu troops at Toba-Fushimi.

Gengo was promoted to head of the Shogun naval fleet, but the Boshin War had already begun. After the surrender of Edo Castle, Katsu Kaishu had promised to hand over the warship to the Imperial government, but the Admiral of the Bakufu Navy Enomoto Takeaki refused to surrender, and the last remaining shogunate forces retreated including Arai Ikunosuke and Gengo. As a result of the negotiations, four warships, the "Kaiyo Maru", the "Kaiten Maru", the "Banryu Maru", and the "Chiyodagata Maru", were organized, but they were dissatisfied with the various measures taken by the new government. Enomoto decided to lead the fleet and escape after seeing the relocation of Muneya to Sunpu.

On August 19, the Shogunate fleet, whose flagship was the "Kaiyo Maru", carrying former Bakufu soldiers onboard the transport ship departed off the coast of Shinagawa. Gengo was made captain of the "Kaiten Maru". The "Kaiten Maru" was towing the slow-moving ""Kaiyo Maru"", but was forced to cut the towline due to a typhoon off the Bōsō Peninsula. Due to the storm, the front and center masts were folded, leaving only the rear mast, but they arrived safely at Matsushima Bay of the formerly Sendai Domain After that, the "Kaiten Maru" went north alone, and while the ship scouted the Kesen Port, they found "Kaiten" and captured it.

A sailing ship owned by the former Shogunate that Koga boarded when he headed for the Ogasawara Islands, was rented to the Sendai Domain. It was decided to be returned to the Tokugawa family, but it is said that the crew had taken it and engaged in piracy.

In September, the allies of the feudal clan surrendered one after another. The Shogun fleet carrying former Shogunate troops and other army units who still wanted to fight, headed for Hokkaido. Gengo was also among them the group as the captain of "Kaiten Maru".

The fleet arrived at Washinoki in the north of Hakodate on October 20, and the Battle of Hakodate began. The next day, the ship visited the Hakodate Port with the consort ship "Banryu Maru", and on the 25th, troops and sailors of the Bakufu Army landed on the island and occupied cities from Imperial Japanese troops. On the 27th, the Akita clan warship "Kaohsiung Maru", which did not know about it, arrived at the port, so Gengo had his fellow officers of both "Kaiten Maru" and "Banryu Maru," lead a group of sailors and capture the Imperial ships, including the ironclad "". In a battle with soldiers of the Matsumae clan (who had sworn their allegiance to the new government), Gengo supported the Bakufu Army, and when the "Kaiyo Maru" sailed around in Esashi, he went to rescue them, but he couldn't save it. After many ships were destroyed by the modernized navy, "Kaiten Maru" became the last flagship of the Shogunate Navy.

In March 1869, after hearing reports of incoming Japanese forces plans to captured Hokkaido, Gengo led a group of sailors and French Army advisors. Gengo seems to have been the center of the operation because of the belief that "Let's attack aggressively rather than waiting for the enemy". The flagship "Kaiten Maru", commanded by Captain Gengo, arrived at Miyako Bay along with the "Banryu Maru" and "Kaohsiung Maru", but due to bad weather, the "Banryu Maru" strayed and the "Kaohsiung Maru" broke down. Only "Kaiten Maru" entered the Battle of Miyako Bay. It had said that Gengo said in his final word before the attack, "Even my ship is enough to defeat the enemy." 
Gengo was fiercely commanding on the deck while being shot through the left foot and right arm by bullets, but as he charged at the sailors, he was shot through the head by a rifle bullet. He was 31 years old. The ship was taken command by Arai and retreated back to Hakodate on the 26th, and Gengo;s body was buried the next day. The place of his burial was a temple, but it is said that it was later reburied behind the Hekketsu-hi Monument. In 1931, his nephew and adopted child, Nobumasa Kōga, built a monument in the precincts of the Daikannon Light Source Temple in Komagome, Tokyo, near the former Kakegawa clan's residence.



Kōga Gengo : Yoshirō Ichikawa

Call Me by Your Name (movie)

Call Me by Your Name is a 2017 Italian American French Brazilian romantic drama movie directed by Luca Guadagnino and was based on the 2007 novel of the same name by André Aciman (who also stars). It stars Armie Hammer, Timothée Chalamet, Michael Stuhlbarg, Amira Casar, Esther Garrel, Victorie Du Bois and was nominated for 4 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 2018.

The Monk (1972 movie)

The Monk ("Le Moine") is a 1972 French Italian German Belgian horror movie directed by Ado Kyrou and was based on the 1796 novel of the same name by Matthew Gregory Lewis. It stars Franco Nero, Nathalie Delon, Nicol Williamson, Nadja Tiller, Élisabeth Wiener.

Sanofi (company)

Sanofi is one of the world's leading pharmaceutical corporations.

Sanofi works in more than a hundred countries. The company is headquartered in Paris.

The company started its work on August 20, 2004 by merging "Sanofi-Synthelabo" and "Aventis". Since then, Sanofi-Synthelabo owns 95.47% of the share capital of Aventis.

Sanofi is diversified company. Sanofi's subsidiaries are 

Sanofi also has several foundations:


From October 28, 2014, the acting head of the company is Serge Weinberg.

The company's shareholders as of June 30, 2009 were:


The main directions of the company's work now are:

"Sanofi-Pasteur's" vaccine division provides vaccines against the following infectious diseases: cholera, diphtheria, meningococcal infection, pertussis, tetanus, tuberculosis etc.

In 2020, Sanofi together with "GlaxoSmithKline" began developing a vaccine against COVID-19.

Rewi's Last Stand

Rewi's Last Stand is a 1925 and 1940 New Zealand drama movie directed by Rudall Hayward. The 1925 is the silent movie and the 1940 is the sound movie and are historical drama movies.


Mixa

Mixa is a French brand of cosmetics for sensitive skin. It is part of the L'Oréal group.
99 posto

The company was founded in 1924 in Paris. For that time, it was different from other brands because of its special method of production by mixing of traditional pharmaceutical ingredients and moisturizer.

Mixa was bought by L'Oréal in 1958.

The first "Mixa" product ""Mixed Cream-Powder"" was released in 1926.

In 1969, the first line of children's skin care "Mixa Bebe Series" was created"."

Since 1976, Mixa children's cosmetics have been used by women to care for their sensitive skin.

In 1997, Mixa launched a product for the care of dry sensitive skin, it was regenerating body milk.

In 1999, the line of body care products became № 1 in France.

In 2003, the company released its first line of facial care, which consists of moisturizers for dehydrated sensitive skin.

In 2013, the first CC cream Mixa appeared.

Currently Mixa is a brand № 1 in the categories ""Body Care"" and ""Baby Cosmetics"" in France.

The main products are:


Eurovision Song Contest 1972

The Eurovision Song Contest 1972 was the 17th edition of the Eurovision Song Contest and took place in the Netherlands' second-largest city, Rotterdam.

Villers-Bretonneux

Villers-Bretonneux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Eugène Mercier

Eugène Mercier (1838-1904) is a French entrepreneur and a founder of a champagne company named after him. He is considered the inventor of film advertising.

Mercier Champagne House was founded in 1858.

It is located in Epernay. Mercier was a small business that was part of the "Owners' Union".

In 1871, he began digging huge cellars and construction of the world's largest barrel.

In 1885, cellars were opened to the public. Mercier installed advanced electrical equipment (firstly for that period), as well as a steam generator to illuminate the cellars.

In 1887, his barrel's tightness was tested with a new annual grape harvest.

Mercier arranged for his barrel to be moved to Paris for the 1889 World's Fair.

In 1891, French President Sadi Carnot visited the cellars and an excursion was organized for him.

In 1900, Paris hosted the last world exhibition of the XIX century. Eugene Mercier appreciated the potential of the Lumière brothers. He asked them to make a film about the Mercier champagne house, in which the owner himself appears on the screen. The world's first film commercial was shown during the world exhibition.

Enthusiastic about balloons, Eugene Mercier had an idea to consolidate the advertising of his company during the international exhibition. He secured a tethered balloon on the Field of Mars, loaded with bottles of champagne. During the 1900 World's Fair, the balloon was blown away by 20,000 people.

Little Easton

Little Easton is a village and civil parish in Uttlesford, Essex, England. 437 people live here.

Pierre Danon

Pierre Danon is a French entrepreneur. He is Chairman of the Board of the "Volia Group" of Companies, Deputy Chairman of the Board of "TDC A / S" (Denmark), Non-Executive Director of Standard Life in Scotland, Chairman of the Board of "Ypso Holding" And "Altice B2B Holding" (owned by the French operators "Numericable" and "Completel"), a member of the board of directors of "Ciel Investment Limited".

Perre Danon was born in 1956 in France.

He holds a degree in civil engineering from the National School of Bridges and Roads (French: "École nationale des ponts et chaussées") and a Master of Law degree from the Faculty of Law in University of Paris II Pantheon-Assas (French: "Université Paris II Panthéon-Assas").

Pierre Danon also completed an MBA course at the School of Higher Economic Studies in Paris (French: "École des Hautes Études Commerciales de Paris").

He began his career in 1981 as a financial analyst at "Rank Xerox."

Pierre Danon has held various management positions, including CEO in Belgium, the Benelux countries, Switzerland and Austria, as vice president of "Xerox Production Systems", and president of "Xerox Channels Group" in Rochester and New York. He was also a member of the company's strategic strategy committee, managing changes in the company in Europe (launching new products and business solutions). In 1998, he was appointed President of Xerox Europe, headquartered in the United Kingdom.

In September 2000, he became CEO of BT Retail.

From April 2004 to March 2008, Pierre Danon served as the non-executive director of the British multimedia company Emap Plc.

In March 2005, Pierre Danon was appointed Chief Operating Officer of Capgemini Group.

In November 2005, Pierre Danon became Senior Adviser to Walter Gubert, President of JPMorgan Europe-Middle East-Africa.

From August 2006 to October 2008, Pierre Danon served as President of Eircom.

In early 2008, Pierre Danon was appointed CEO of Ciel Investment Limited in Port Louis, Mauritius.

In May 2008 he was elected Deputy Chairman of the Board of TDC A / S, Denmark. 

On September 1, 2008, Pierre Danon became the director of the French telecommunications group "Numéricable-Completel."

In December 2010, he was appointed Chairman of the Board of Ypso Holding and Altice B2B Holding. 

In May 2011, Pierre Danon was appointed Chairman of the Board of Volia Group of Companies, which is the largest Ukrainian cable operator for Internet and television. 

In October 2011, Danon was appointed non-executive director of Standard Life in Edinburgh, Scotland. 

Étienne Lenoir

Étienne Lenoir (12 January 1822 – 4 August 1900) is French inventor (80 patents) and entrepreneur. Lenoir was awarded the Order of the Legion of Honor and received French citizenship.

Étienne Lenoir was born in Mussy-la-Ville (part of the Belgian Province of Luxembourg). In 1838, he moved to France and in 1870 Lenoir became a resident in Paris.

He was interested in electroplating and made several electrical inventions, including an improved electric telegraph.

On 16 July 1900, Lenoir received an award from the ACF (Automobile Club de France). It was a vermeil plate with the inscription, ""In recognition of his great merits as an inventor of the gas engine and builder of the first car in the world.""

Étienne Lenoir died in La Varenne-Sainte-Hilaire on 4 August, 1900.

In 1859, Lenoir invented the first internal combustion engine now known as the "Lenoir engine".

Next year he received a patent for "an air motor expanded by gas combustion" from "Conservatoire national des arts et métiers", no. N.43624.

In 1863, he created a car on that engine, in 1866 he designed a motorboat.

In 2 years, 143 engines were sold in Paris, and production of "Lenoir Gas Engines" had begun.

Bouchavesnes-Bergen

Bouchavesnes-Bergen is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bouchoir

Bouchoir is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bouchon, Somme

Bouchon is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Regen, Bavaria

Regen is a town in the German state of Bavaria. It is the capital of the district of Regen.


Bougainville, Somme

Bougainville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bouillancourt-en-Séry

Bouillancourt-en-Séry is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bouillancourt-la-Bataille

Bouillancourt-la-Bataille is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. In 2018, 156 people lived there.

The commune is about southeast of Amiens.

Bourseville

Bourseville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Palaiseau

Palaiseau is a commune of 35,590 people (2018). It is in the Île-de-France region in the Essonne department in northern France.

Ris-Orangis

Ris-Orangis is a commune of 29,589 people (2018). It is in the Île-de-France region in the Essonne department in the north of France.

La Seyne-sur-Mer

La Seyne-sur-Mer is a commune of 62,888 people (2018). It is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the Var department in the south of France.

Plane Crazy

Plane Crazy is an animated movie made in 1928. It had Mickey Mouse in it. It was made in 1928, but it was not shown to the public until 1929. So it was the first Mickey Mouse film made but the fourth one shown.

At a farm, a mouse named Mickey wants to be like Charles Lindbergh so he builds an airplane but it falls apart so Mickey builds a second plane out of a car and accidentally hits a cow with it. A female mouse named Minnie gives Micky a horseshoe for good luck so Micky brings her on the plane with him. Micky tries to kiss Minnie but she won’t let him so Micky starts driving the plane at a very high speed and she falls out and Micky takes her back into the plane. Minnie doesn’t want to kiss Micky but Micky kisses her anyway so she slaps him in the face. Minnie jumps out of the plane and uses her bloomers as a parachute. Mickey’s plane falls apart and Mickey lands on the ground. Mickey sees Minnie and laughs at her so she leaves. Mickey angrily throws the horseshoe in the air but then it hits him in the head. 

After Plane Crazy, Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks made The Gallopin Gaucho and then Steamboat Willie. 

Samantha Robson

Samantha Jane Robson was born 22 March, 1966 in Wandswoth, London. She is a British actress who played WPC Vicky Hagen in "The Bill" from 1998 to 2001 and Sloan Peterson in "Ferris Bueller". She has also appeared in the 2006 movie "A Good Year".

Chowkur

Chowkur is one the remotest Tibetan settlements surrounded by number of Indian Villages. It is in Taluk of Periyapatna of Mysuru District, Karnataka state in Southern India. Chowkur is small village specifically for the Tibetan refugees, who have escaped Tibet from Chinese Oppression in 1959. The area of the settlement is 5 km (4 sq. mi), which was allotted for first Tibetan refugees who migrated from North India. The pin code of Chowkur is 571107 of Periyapatna post. Chowkur has two camps with 80 houses
Chowkur was formed in 1975, when many Tibetan refugees moved from northern part of India. Around 500 Tibetan refugees were relocated to Chowkur from Northern part of India such as Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, and Assam. Chowkur has two Tibetan settlements known as Rabtenling and Phuntsokling, which is also known as camp one and two. The settlement is named after a nearby place called Anna Chowkur. Government of Karnataka has provided housing facilities and field for cultivation to Tibetans with the help of other NGOs for the survival. During the early years, many of them survived with collecting woods from the nearby forest for cooking and slowly developed by owning gases. The history of Tibetan refugees settled in Chowkur itself is the history of its people as many does not know much about this remote settlement, not even other Tibetans. The history of Chowkur is recollection of memories of first-generation Tibetan refugee and official records.

The total population (2011) estimated is 700 number. Due to large number of Tibetan moving to west, the number of populations has been lessening. During the initial years, the population was less but, there was more birth rates in 80s and population increased. Today, the population can be estimated to 500 in decreasing number. The population record in Chowkur is collected by both Karnataka Government and CTA. The above estimated population record is referred in CTA population census. The population in other Tibetan settlement is more in number than Chowkur as the size of population has always been less.

The Official Language spoken in the neighboring area is Kannada, but the native Tibetan language is spoken by the residents. Due to social integration with other Indians, most of the Tibetan living in Chowkur are also fluent in Kannada as well. The younger generation speak Tibetan and Kannada in the region. Kannada is mostly used to communicate with Indians.
The religion followed by Tibetan is Tibetan Buddhism. There is no single person from other religion live in this small remote settlement. Tibetan Buddhism was followed by first-generation Tibetans and was ascribed to their children and grandchildren. Chowkur has its own small area for prayers and to conduct religious activities. Most of the prayers are done in their respective homes as everyone reserves on room in their home as prayer room. 

Chowkur does not have any official office in its function. It is officially under Periyapatna Taluk but, the functioning office is in Bylakuppe under Central Tibetan Administration. Chowkur is registered officially under Indian Government but, the welfare of the people is looked by the branch of CTA office. Thus, Chowkur is associated with both Indian and Tibetan administration for its functioning. Both the functioning offices looks after the welfare of Chowkur. The electricity and water were provided by the Taluk Office and other needs were look after by CTA (Office in Bylakuppe). Thus, the school and nursery were looked after by the CTA.

In the past, Tibetans used to go to the nearest market or bus stand by walk but, today the facilities have been improved. One can reach from Periyapatna bus stand. From Periyapatna, one must go by auto as Chowkur does not have bus facilities. It is 5 kms away from the nearest town, which is also a taluk of Chowkur. It takes 2 hours to reach Chowkur from Mysuru district. The nearest bus stand is Periyapatna, and nearest railway station is Mysuru Railway station. Chowkur does not have any Government transportation facilities and people use self-owned vehicle to travel to other places. On the west of Chowkur, there is another small village known as Panchavalli and one can reach Chowkur via Gonnikoppa. There is no direct bus or other public transportation to reach Chowkur from other towns or cities. So, the accessibility to Chowkur may seems little confusing to first visitors.

1.     Nursery and School:

Chowkur has small School and nursery for its children. The school opened in 1984 and nursery in 1982 with 10 students. The facilities were not good during the initial days and students were taught under the trees. The construction of school was done in 1986. The construction of school was funded by Government of India. The School and nursery were especially for Tibetan refugees to get modern education. So far, total of 3000 have graduated from the school and nursery. The school has classes from 1to 4 with one office and three classrooms. Thereafter, the student move to town for further studies from class fifth. Today, the nursery remains open but, the school was closed due to a smaller number of joiners in admission. But , in the past, the school has provided educational facilities to many Tibetan refugees so they can get further education. 

2.     Community hall

The community hall was provided for both the camps to perform certain activities such as meeting, functions, occasions, and other social gatherings related to the camp. Since both the camps share common social and culture background with similar social status, all the activities and social gatherings are done together in one community hall. The hall gives access to general meetings or official meetings done by Indian Government and CTA. Thus, the community hall provides facilities to the residents to conduct religious and cultural celebrations such as celebrating His Holiness Dalai Lama birthday, Tibetan New Year, and other important occasions. therefore, community hall facility plays an important role in livelihood of Tibetan refugees to preserve their culture and religion.

The average climate of Chowkur is Tropical Wet and Dry, which is favorable for its residents. Tibetans were used to the cold weather as the place is surrounded by forest. There are trees surrounded by the place which gives cooling weather throughout the year except for summer. The climate remains suitable from July to February but, the summer from March to June becomes too hot for the residents. During monsoon season, people cultivate Maize and Ginger depending on natural rain or irrigation. Though nearby Indian village grows Tobacco Tibetans chose to grow maize and sell it to CTA Government. The cultivation facilities such as loan, tractor and others are provided by CTA of Bylakuppe branch. On an average, few people do cultivation and rest of them are dependent on other source of income. The irrigation facilities are also provided by the CTA office.

Even though Tibetans do cultivation in Chowkur but, the main source of Income of the residents are Sweater business. It is common to know that majority of Tibetans in India do Sweater business for their living. Tibetan refugees do sweater business in different parts of India for six months, during the month of August to February. The business is carried out legally, following the rules and regulation of the nation[1]. Tibetans in Chowkur also consider sweater business as main source of Income for their livelihood. The members leave from the settlement in the month of August till February to earn for their family. The readymade sweaters are bought from Ludhiana, Punjab and are sold in different parts of India such as Kurnool, Nagpur, Tata Nagar, Ahmedabad etc.

Chowkur is a quiet place to live and surrounded by nature’s beauty with small pound. Chowkurians travel to other towns to buy groceries or other shopping as the settlement does not have any shop to purchase things. At the back the east side of Chowkur, there is forest area which covers other Indian villages too.

Romancing the Stone

Romancing the Stone is a 1984 American Mexican romantic adventure comedy movie directed by Robert Zemeckis and starring Michael Douglas, Kathleen Turner, Danny DeVito, Holland Taylor, Alfonso Arau, Zack Norman, Manuel Ojeda. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1985. It was followed up by "The Jewel of the Nile" in 1985.

Yozgat

Yozgat is a city in western Turkey. The city is in the Central Anatolia Region. In 2020, 104,079 people lived there.

Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation

Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation is a 2015 American spy action thriller movie directed by Christopher McQuarrie. McQuarrie wrote the screenplay from a story he co-wrote with Drew Pearce. It is the sequel to "" (2012) and the fifth movie in the "" series. 

It stars Tom Cruise, Jeremy Renner, Simon Pegg, Rebecca Ferguson, Ving Rhames, Sean Harris and Alec Baldwin. The supporting cast includes Simon McBurney, Zhang Jingchu, Tom Hollander and Jens Hultén.

"Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation" premiered at the Vienna State Opera on July 23, 2015, and was released in the United States by Paramount Pictures on July 31. The sequel, "", was released in 2018.


Additional cast includes Robert Maaser as Richter, a KSA agent turned Syndicate operative assigned to kill Ilsa if she fails to kill the Chancellor; Wolfgang Stegemann as Kagan, a Mossad agent turned Syndicate operative who fights Hunt at the Vienna State Opera; Alec Utgoff as the crewman of the A400 cargo plane carrying nerve gas; Mateo Rufino and Fernando Abadie as low-level Chechen separatists piloting the A400; and Rupert Wickham as the Austrian chancellor.

"Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation" premiered at the Vienna State Opera on July 23, 2015. It was released in the United States by Paramount Pictures on July 31. 

Paramount had originally scheduled the movie for its release on December 25, 2015. On January 26, Paramount announced that it would be moved forward to July 31 instead. "The Hollywood Reporter" noted that the main reason for the move was to avoid competing with two other 2015 movies, namely "" and "Spectre".

On Rotten Tomatoes, 94% out of 328 reviews are positive. The average rating is 7.50/10. On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 75 out of 100 based on 46 critic reviews, indicating "generally favorable" reviews.


Bilecik

Bilecik is a city in northwestern Turkey. The city is in the East Marmara Region. In 2020, 78,029 people lived there.

Boussicourt

Boussicourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Étinehem-Méricourt

Étinehem-Méricourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Étinehem (the seat) and Méricourt-sur-Somme.

Maine's 1st congressional district

Maine's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Maine. Democrat Chellie Pingree is the representative since elected in 2008. It contains the counties of Cumberland, Knox, Lincoln, Sagadahoc, York and most of Kennebec County.

Étinehem

Étinehem is a former commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Étinehem-Méricourt.

Méricourt-sur-Somme

Méricourt-sur-Somme is a former commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Étinehem-Méricourt.

Bouttencourt

Bouttencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Les Clayes-sous-Bois

Les Clayes-sous-Bois is a French commune. It is in the western suburbs of Paris, from the center. In 2018, 17,560 people lived here.

Nippon musekinin jidai

Nippon musekinin jidai ("Irresponsible Era of Japan") is a 1962 Japanese comedy film directed by Kengo Furusawa. It became one of the most popular comedy films in Japan with the box office earning around ¥350 million ($3,343,567.50 in US dollar).

The Crazy Cats comic jazz band and their featured singer Hitoshi Ueki did not invent the local genre of the "salaryman" comedy but they were its face in the 1960s. This film established Ueki's comic persona as a salaryman who would goof off at work and yet somehow always come out ahead, every so often bursting into one of his well-known Japanese folk-inflected songs while dancing something like the twist. The first in a series of "Irresponsible" films whose comic songs formed the soundtrack of Japan's high economic growth.

This movie was shot in color and cinemascope (TohoScope). The musical themes are "Irresponsible Ichidai Otoko" and "Hello, Until Then". This was the first memorable movie of the Crazy Movie series. The Crazy Cats, which became popular on "Shabontama Holiday" (Nippon TV) at that time, especially Hitoshi Ueki's big hit apperence on "Sudara Bushi". The series involved three main actresses (Sonomi Nakajima, Noriko Shigeyama, Reiko Dan), but it became unexpectedly popular, and 30 more were produced up to ""Nippon ichi no shokku otoko"" (directed by Takashi Tsuboshima) in 1971. In this play, Yasuo Tanami, who was an employee of the Toho Literature Club at the time, was originally involved in planning the President's Series, wrote the draft of the "Irresponsible Employee" as the antithesis of a loyal member of the company.

They sold it as a project for a movie starring Frankie Sakai, but the idea was scrapped due to poorly script writing, and when he left it as it was, producer Eizaburō Adachi asked Tanami to make a movie named after the success of Crazy Cats' music hit "Sudara Bushi", and he began to write the screenplay. When it was released, it was agreed, and it was a scenario where Crazy Cats members were assigned to act in the film.

The average Kuchihaccho and Tehaccho (Taira Hitoshi) heard the story of Pacific sake riding in the bar "Madrid". Hitoshi's first job, when he mentioned the name of a senior in his hometown to the president of Pacific Sake and worked in the general affairs department, was to acquire the president of Toyama Shoji, a major shareholder.

Success with a single check. Shimbashi geisha Manmaru is also cholera with his great ability, and promotion to chief of staff is a completely easy business. However, as Mika Tenka often said, Hitoshi was immediately fired when he learned that the kidnapper, Yuto Kuroda, had acquired Toyama's property. Kuroda's brain is Ryosuke Oshima, president of Sankai Foods, but his daughter Yoko ran away with her boyfriend Takasaku Ujiie. By the way, Hitoshi met Kuroda at the new president's inauguration party, but he returned with the outside director due to the skill of the show and the banquet. It is an unfortunate story for employees on the Taihei side that the traditional Pacific sake will become a subsidiary of Sankai Foods.

On the other hand, Kyoko, a geisha, and Aiko, a liquor secretary from the Pacific, ran to Tonton's boarding house and began to guess love. Hitoshi is fluttering with Aiko's fierce kiss. Around this time, Kuroda, who visited the Oshima Residence, cut the story of his daughter Yoko's marriage and discovered that he had a favorite partner, Takasaku Ujiie. Hitoshi's next job is to buy hops from Hokkai Bussan, a Pacific liquor business.

Hitoshi captured the president of the North Sea, Ishikari, who could not eat even if it was boiled or baked, with a pink film and a naked tatami in the room. However, Hitoshi, who simply doesn't wake up when he falls, discovers that Oshima and Kuroda are injured by Yoko's marriage and urges Ujiie's president to return to work, using Yoko's whereabouts as a seed. Who knows that Hitoshi, who appeared in a black tie at the Ujiie and Oshima families' wedding ceremony that day, is the new president of Hokkai Bussan!


※ Uncredited 





An original movie song is played when Hitoshi goes to the Ujiie family at night. Later sung in "Sudara Gaiden". In the trailer, it was "Skinny Manbushi", but in the OP credit, it was written as "Skinny Patience Bushi".


Hitoshi, who went to the Ujiie family, robs Takasaku of his guitar and sings.


Use number 2. After returning to the boarding house, Hitoshi throws out the betting ticket while climbing the stairs and sings while cleaning his suit.


Hitoshi, who saw a pair of Takasaku and Yoko at the bar, muttered, "Well, when I was a student," and first sang one phrase with a cappella, followed by a shout of "Ah, that!" With BGM, and was a guest at the same bar. Sing with Otsuka, Sakura, Aoki and Yasui. All lyrics are movie originals.


Hitoshi sings at the inaugural meeting of President Kuroda, and Otsuka, Sakura, Aoki, and Yasui act as back dancers. He used No. 1 and No. 3, but the lyrics have changed in the latter half of both. At first glance, it seems to be a stage, but in fact, it is a production peculiar to the Furusawa movie, that is, at the inaugural meeting.

In the trailer, it is "High Until Then", but in the opening credit is written as "High Until Then".


The theme song of this work. It was played twice in total, and the second time, Hitoshi sang instead of congratulations at the wedding ceremony of Takasaku and Yoko, and Otsuka, Sakura, Aoki, and Yasui danced.


""Kigeki ekimae onsen"" ("Comedy Station Square Hot Spring")


The fourth installment of the "Ekimae Series". Since then, Industrial Spy Free for All (directed by Takashi Tsuboshima), "Mahjong Madness" will be coupled eight times in total with the Crazy Movie and "Ekimae Series".
The Simpsons (season 5)

The 5th season of "The Simpsons" aired in 1993-1994, contains 20 episodes.

Student of the Year

Student of the Year is a 2012 Indian Hindi-language coming-of-age romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Karan Johar, based on a story by Johar and a script by Rensil D'Silva and Niranjan Iyengar, and produced by Hiroo Yash Johar under the banner of Dharma Productions and Gauri Khan under Red Chillies Entertainment. The movie stars Sidharth Malhotra, Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan in the lead roles, and Rishi Kapoor, Sana Saeed, Ronit Roy, Sahil Anand, Ram Kapoor and Farida Jalal are all playing major supporting roles, with Boman Irani, Kajol, Farah Khan and Vaibhavi Merchant in guest appearances. This movie marks the debuts of Sidharth Malhotra, Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan. Notably, this is also the first of several collaborations of Bhatt and Dhawan. The film's plot is this - The friendship of Abhi (Sidharth Malhotra) and Rohan (Varun Dhawan) is shaken when Abhi falls for their mutual friend, Shanaya (Alia Bhatt).
"Student of the Year" was released on 19 October 2012 in over 1400 locations across India. The movie received positive reviews and was successful at the box office as well as one of the highest-grossing Bollywood movies of 2012.

An unrelated sequel, "Student of the Year 2", was released on 10 May 2019, starring Tiger Shroff alongside debutantes Tara Sutaria and Ananya Panday. Bhatt made a special appearance in the music video of a song in the end credits. The sequel didn't do as well as this movie but it was still successful at the box office.

Toona ciliata

Toona ciliata is a species of tree, found mainly in the forests of Asia and Australia. Botanically, it belongs to the mahogany family. In Meitei folk religion, it is worshipped as one of the sacred plants.


Simo

Simo is a municipality in Lapland, Finland. As of 31 December 2020, the municipality had a population of 2,950. Neighbouring municipalities are Ii, Kemi, Keminmaa, Ranua and Tervola.


Ylitornio

Ylitornio () is a municipality in Lapland, Finland. As of 31 December 2020, the municipality had a population of 3,890. Neighbouring municipalities are Pello, Rovaniemi, Tervola and Tornio. Bordering Ylitornio in Sweden is Övertorneå.


EFootball PES 2021 Season Update

eFootball PES 2021 Season Update is a football simulation video game of the "eFootball Pro Evolution Soccer" series, developed by PES Productions and published by Konami for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Android, Xbox One. It is the 20th installment named with PES and the 25th installment named with Winning Eleven (excluding J.League and semi-annual improved versions) in Japan.

It is an updated edition of "eFootball PES 2020" (released in September 2019) containing the latest player data and club rosters.Lionel Messi as the cover star of the standard edition, alongside Pro Evolution Soccer ambassadors Cristiano Ronaldo, Alphonso Davies and Marcus Rashford, each representing one of the game's partner clubs.

In 2020 many sports games series by Konami was adding to E at the start of all sports games by Konami such as Pro Evolution Soccer changed the name.

Krrish

Krrish is a 2006 Hindi-language superhero film directed, produced, and written by Rakesh Roshan. The film contains Hrithik Roshan and Priyanka Chopra in the lead roles as well as Naseeruddin Shah, Rekha, Manini Mishra, Archana Puran Singh and Sharat Saxena in the supporting roles. This movie is a sequel to Koi... Mil Gaya. The film had a global release on June 23, 2006. It received positive reviews and went on to become a blockbuster. It was also the third highest-grossing Indian film of the year. The movie followed with Krrish 3 in 2013. Also, in 2013, Toonz Animation India produced a Indian animated television film series of 4 Indian animated films that are also a part of the Krrish franchise and it focuses on the adventures on the kid version of Krrish, which is why it is called Kid Krrish. A fourth sequel to this film titled Krrish 4 is also in development, which will be released on December 30, 2022.

A young man named Krrish has inherited supernatural powers thanks to his father's encounter with an alien. 


Battle of Futamata

The Battle of Futamata was fought in the Oshima Province on April 13 - April 29, 1869 and was one of the battles during the Battle of Hakodate. The remnant of the Bakufu Army set up a defense around and used variety of weapons (katanas, , and ) against Japanese forces who were marching to the two-pronged entrance leading to Hakodate, and blocked the advance of the new government army for two weeks. 

On April 9, 1869, 1,500 Japanese troops landed in and began marching toward Hakodate from three routes. One of them, Futamata, was the shortest route to Hakodate, and was the only place that crossed the pass from Inakuraishi between Futamata to Onomura. The commander was Masagorō Komai, a samurai. There were 500 and Choshu clan soldiers. The former Shogunate Army, was greeted by a Vice-Commander, leading 300 samurais, two platoons of the Shinsengumi and two regiments of the Ezo training infantry. They arrived in two days on April 10 and set up headquarters in Daibayama. 

The Bakufu Army set up 16 around Daibayama and waited for the enemy. 

At 3:00 pm on April 13, the Japanese army started marching from to the captured Tenguyama position and launched an attack on Odaiba. The former Shogunate Army defended Odaiba with rifles using the battlement as a shield, and a fierce shooting battle occurred. The Japanese army, superior in number, changed soldiers one after another and repeated attacks, and the Bakufu rebels, which greeted them, continued to attack them while taking breaks with two platoons taking turns. When it started to rain around sunset, the army put on a jacket to protect the ammunition from getting wet, and when the bullets got wet, they were put in pockets and dried. 
The next day, around 7 am on the 14th, the Imperialist army were exhausted and withdrew to Inakuraishi. In a 16-hour battle, the Bakufu forces consumed 35,000 bullets. On the day the battle was over, Hijikata Toshizo went to Goryokaku for a report and a request for reinforcements. 

On April 16, when 2,400 newly Japanese troops landed in Esashi, the reinforcements consisting of and soldiers were sent to the area, and their ammunition and food were also supplied. The Japanese Army begia to march on an open road from to over the mountains from April 17. It was a strategy to send soldiers and ammunition from here to attack the fort from behind the Shogunate forces, but this plan was also extremely difficult. During this time, two platoons of trainee officers led by Mitsutaro Takigawa have been strengthened in the former Shogunate army. On April 23, the battle began as the former Shogunate army's approached the Tenguyama position of the Imperial Japanese army guarded by the troops of the .

Around 4 pm on the same day, the Japanese army, which abandoned the battlement, climbed a steep cliff and fired at the enemy from the mountain with their rifles on the left side of the defenders, and it was a fierce night battle. Before dawn on the 24th, trainee officers led by Takigawa rushed into the position to give relief to his forces. Mitsutaro Takigawa rushed into the enemy while still on horseback, and the soldiers also pulled out their swords all at once and followed the captain. The Japanese army was confused, and Masagorō Komai, who tried to stop his own route by himself, was killed after being hit by a bullet in the chest. The new government forces replaced new soldiers one after another, but they did not defeat the old Shogunate forces and finally retreated before dawn on the 25th.

In this battle, which lasted more than a day and night, the former Shogunate army continued to attack the Imperialist while cooling the hot barrel rifles with tub water. After that, the Japanese army gave up the capture of Daibayama and concentrated on a detour building. While the Hijikata led his army to stop the advancing Japanese army at the road between and were breached by the new government army, and the remaining Bakufu army was on the defensive with Yafurai. On April 29, Hijikata dispatched reinforcements, but Yafurai was breached, which forced Hijikata and his troops to withdraw to Goryokaku.

Blumea balsamifera

Blumea balsamifera is a flowering plant of Genus Blumea. It is widely grown in Asia. Notably, it is worshipped as one of the sacred plants in Meitei religion in South East Asian regions. 


Phoebe hainesiana

Phoebe hainesiana, generally known as Uningthou tree or Bonsum tree is a tree species of Lauraceae family, native to the Indian subcontinent. Notably, it is the state tree of Manipur.

Bray-sur-Somme

Bray-sur-Somme is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

TotalEnergies

Total SA or Total () is one of the world's biggest oil and gas company. It was created in 1924.

Total has also activities in chemistry.

In December 2022, the NGOs Friends of the Earth, Survie and four Ugandan NGOs sent the oil group Total to court and accused it of violating the law on the duty of vigilance of large French companies in terms of human rights and environment..


Eyek Leima

Eyek Leima is a primordial goddess in Meitei mythology and religion. She is the female divinity and the divine personification of intelligence, knowledge, learning, skills and wisdom. She is mentioned in the Wakoklon Heelel Thilen Salai Amailon Pukok Puya as a goddess living in the tongue of goddess Leimarel Sidabi (). She has been described with different names in various scriptures, including Singjakhombi (Singchakhompi), Lairik Leima (Lailik Leima), Humpu Leima, Nareng Lei Shubi (Naleng Lei Shupi), Maheigi Lairembi (Maheiki Lailempi) and Anji Leima. 

Sanamahi Laihui

The Sanamahi Laihui is a religious sacred text of Sanamahism, the Meitei religion of Ancient Kangleipak. It is based on the divine account of the power of Lainingthou Sanamahi, a primordial deity of the paganism.

Bouvincourt-en-Vermandois

Bouvincourt-en-Vermandois is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

1977 FIFA World Youth Championship

The 1977 FIFA World Youth Championship was the inaugural staging of the FIFA World Youth Championship and was held in Tunisia from 27 June to 10 July 1977. The tournament took place in three venues — Tunis, Sousse and Sfax — where a total of 28 matches were played, the smallest number in its history. The winner was the USSR, who beat Mexico in a penalty shootout, in the final held at Tunis's Stade El Menzah.

The Tournament Committee was chaired by FIFA Vice-President Harry Cavan, who had spearheaded the creation of the World Youth Championship.
For a list of all squads that played in the final tournament, see "1977 FIFA World Youth Championship squads"

The group winners advanced directly to the semifinals.

Bouzincourt

Bouzincourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Football at the 1908 Summer Olympics

At the 1908 Summer Olympics in London, Great Britain, an official football tournament between national representative selections was contested for the first time: football at the two previous games had been played between club teams. Eight teams entered (including two from France, the main team and a "B" side)

Bovelles

Bovelles is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. In 2018, 431 people lived there.

The commune is about west of Amiens.

Boves, Somme

Boves is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Miraumont

Miraumont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Baseball at the 1912 Summer Olympics

Baseball had its first appearance at the 1912 Summer Olympics as an exhibition sport. A game was played between the United States, the nation where the game was developed, and Sweden, the host nation. The game was held on Monday, 15 July 1912 and started at 10 a.m. on the Ostermalm Athletic Grounds in Stockholm.

The Americans were represented by various members of the American Olympic track and field athletics delegation, while the Swedish team was the Vesterås Baseball Club, which had been formed in 1910 as the first baseball club in Sweden. Four of the Americans played for Sweden, as the Swedish pitchers and catchers were inexperienced. One Swede eventually relieved Adams and Nelson, the American pitchers.

Six innings were played, with the Americans not batting in the sixth and allowing the Swedes to have six outs in their half of the inning.

The game was umpired by George Wright, a retired American National League baseball player.

On the next day Tuesday, 16 July 1912 in the evening, two American teams played a second exhibition match.

Braches

Braches is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Fettuccine

Fettuccine is a type of long, flat, slightly wide pasta. It can either be in dried or fresh form. It has been used in some creamy sauces, such as Alfredo.

Cayeux-en-Santerre

Cayeux-en-Santerre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Football at the 1904 Summer Olympics

Men's association football (soccer) was contested at the 1904 Summer Olympics. A total of three club teams competed, two representing the United States, both from host city St. Louis, and one representing Canada, from Galt (now Cambridge), Ontario. Originally two other Canadian teams had also been scheduled for the competition, Berlin Rangers and the University of Toronto, but both withdrew before the competition.<
The 1904 Olympic Games were spread over several months, linked to the St. Louis World's Fair, and football, in November, was the last sport to be contested. The tournament was played as a straight round-robin, although the game between Christian Brothers College and St. Rose Parish was replayed due to a draw in their first game.
According to a report in the Toronto Mail and Empire newspaper of November 18, 1904, medals were awarded to the players in St. Louis.
The report states that "Immediately after the game, the Galt aggregation, numbering about 50 persons, retired to the office of James E. Sullivan, chief of the Department of Physical Culture, where they received their prize. After a talk by Mr. James A. Conlon, of the Physical Culture Department, Mayor Mundy, of the City of Galt, presented each player on the winning team with a beautiful gold medal."
The medal awarded to Fred Steep of Galt, held by The Soccer Hall of Fame and Museum in Vaughan, Ontario, clearly shows that the medals were made in St. Louis, Missouri.

Spaghetti aglio e olio

Spaghetti aglio e olio is a pasta dish made from any spaghetti type pasta mixed with browned garlic and olive oil. This simple recipe came from Naples.

Student of the Year 2

Student of the Year 2 is a 2019 Indian Hindi-language teen romantic comedy drama movie directed by Punit Malhotra. This movie is a stand-alone sequel to Student of the Year, which was released in 2012, and stars Tiger Shroff, Tara Sutaria, and Ananya Panday in lead roles. Aditya Seal and Harsh Beniwal play the supporting roles. The movie marks the debuts of Tara Sutaria and Ananya Panday. In this film, Rohan (Tiger Shroff) follows his lover, Mridula (Tara Sutaria), to St Teresa's college hoping to reunite with her. There, he befriends Manav (Aditya Seal), the most popular student, but is constantly at loggerheads with his sister, Shreya (Ananya Panday).

The movie released on May 10, 2019 and opened to negative reviews. However, the movie was somewhat successful at the box office. It was mainly due to Tiger Shroff's action sequences being credited well. Panday and Sutaria were also credited well for their debuts and won multiple awards.


Football at the 1900 Summer Olympics

At the 1900 Summer Olympics, an association football tournament was contested for the first time. Only two demonstration matches were held between the three club sides, and no medals were awarded.

France's representatives were determined by the USFSA, which elected the Parisian champion Club Français. For Belgium, after Racing Club de Bruxelles declined to participate, a student selection with players from the Université libre de Bruxelles was sent by the Federation.The team was reinforced with a few non-students. On the other hand, English club Upton Park F.C. represented Great Britain.

Despite this, the International Olympic Committee currently credits Great Britain, France and Belgium with gold, silver and bronze medals respectively as part of its attempt to reconcile early Olympic Games with the modern award scheme.
The football matches were held at the Vélodrome de Vincennes in Paris.
In the first game, the British squad had little difficulty defeating the USFSA XI. Upton Park led 2–0 after the first half, getting two more goals in the second to win 4–0. Gaston Peltier scored in the first minute to give the USFSA XI an early lead, but Université de Bruxelles scored twice to take a 2–1 first half lead. The French scored five goals in the second half, however, to take the match 6–2.

<section begin=A1 />

<section begin=A2 />

Varun Dhawan

Varun Dhawan is an Indian actor who works in Hindi movies. Varun began his work in film industry in 2010 with the movie "My Name Is Khan". He debuted his career as a lead role with "Student of the Year" with Sidharth Malhotra and Alia Bhatt. He became famous with lots of other movies such as the romantic comedies "Main Tera Hero" (2014), "Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania" (2014), and "Badrinath Ki Dulhania" (2017). Later, Varun appears many commercially successful movies as a leading actor and some of which highest-grossing releases came such as "ABCD 2" (2015) and "Street Dancer 3D" (2020). He was also given credit for "Judwaa 2" (2018), and "Sui Dhaaga" (2018). However, the success of the eleven movies he had was followed by flops of his later movies "Kalank" (2019), "Street Dancer 3D" (2020), and "Coolie No. 1" (2020).

Motor racing at the 1900 Summer Olympics

Motor racing was contested at the 1900 Summer Olympics. Fourteen events were held in conjunction with 1900 World's Fair. These events have generally not been classified as official, although the IOC has never decided which events were "Olympic" and which were not.
Entries were by manufacturers rather than drivers, and competitors' names were not adequately reported at the time. The exceptions are the two classes of the Paris-Toulouse-Paris race, one class of which was won by Louis Renault. Most events had only French competitors but there were some international entries.

Germany national under-21 football team

The Germany national under-21 football team are the under-21s of Germany. It is currently controlled by the DFB.





Players born in or after 1998 are eligible for the 2021 UEFA European Under-21 Championship.

The following players were called up for the 2021 UEFA European Under-21 Championship from 24 to 30 March 2021.

Note: Names in "italics" denote players that have been called up to the senior team.





Dendropsophus shiwiarum

Dendropsophus shiwiarum is a frog that lives in Ecuador and Colombia. Scientists think it could also live in Peru.

The adult male frog is 16.1 to 18.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 18.2 to 18.8 mm long. On the back, its skin is light brown or yellow with tiny red spots. The skin on the belly is white.

This frog lays eggs whenever the weather is wet enough, in temporary bodies of water. The males sing for females in small groups.

The name "shiwarum" comes from the Shiwiar people who live in some of the same places as the frog in the Amazon Basin. They helped scientists find it so they could write science papers about it.

Jazzercise

Jazzercise is a fitness company started by Judi Sheppard Missett in 1969.

1916 Copa Jockey Club Final

The 1916 Copa de Competencia Jockey Club was the final that decided the champion of the 10th. edition of this National cup of Argentina. In the match, held in Racing Club Stadium in Avellaneda on December 17, 1916, Rosario Central defeated Club Atlético Independiente 2–1.

The 1916 edition was contested by 24 clubs, 22 within Buenos Aires Province and 2 from Liga Rosarina de Football (Rosario Central and Central Córdoba) that entered directly to the semifinal. In that stage, Rosario Central beat River Plate (1–1, 1–0 in playoff)

On the other hand, Independiente, starting in group of 16, beat Belgrano A.C. 3–0, Estudiantes de La Plata 3–2, and Columbian (1–1, 3–2 in playoff) in the semifinal.

Brailly-Cornehotte

Brailly-Cornehotte is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Brassy, Somme

Brassy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Székesfehérvár

Székesfehérvár (; , ), known as Fehérvár ("white castle"), is a city in Székesfehérvár, a district in Hungary.

Székesfehérvár is twinned with:




Palo Alto Baylands Nature Preserve

Palo Alto Baylands Nature Preserve is a protected marsh in San Francisco Bay. The preserve is in size. It is an important habitat for shorebirds and is also home to a few threatened species. These include the Ridgway's rail and the salt marsh harvest mouse.

Hissène Habré

Hissène Habré (Arabic: "Ḥusaīn Ḥabrī", Chadian Arabic: ; ; 13 August 1942 – 24 August 2021), also spelled Hissen Habré, was a Chadian politician who served as the President of Chad from 1982 until he was deposed in 1990. France and the United States gave them training, arms, and financing to rule Chad.

In May 2016, Habré was found guilty by an international court in Senegal of human-rights abuses, including rape, sexual slavery, and ordering the killing of 40,000 people, and sentenced to life in prison. He is the first former head of state to be convicted for human rights abuses in the court of another nation.

In 2020, during the coronavirus pandemic, he was released from prison so that he would not catch COVID-19. He went into house arrest for 60 days.

Habré died in Dakar, Senegal from COVID-19 on 24 August 2021, one week after his 79th birthday.

Bray-lès-Mareuil

Bray-lès-Mareuil is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bresle

Bresle is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Small Faces

Small Faces, often referred to as Faces were an English rock band formed in London in 1965. The band originally consisted of singer-songwriter Steve Marriott, keyboardist Ian McLagan, bassist Ronnie Lane, and Kenny Jones, who played in The Rolling Stones. They disbanded in 1978.

Senri Sakurai

Senri Sakurai (桜井センリ, "Sakurai Senri", March 20, 1926 - November 10, 2012) is a Japanese musician, comedian and actor. His real name was Chisato Sakurai (桜井 千里, "Sakurai Chisato").

Although he was born on March 20, 1930 in the official profile, Sakurai was actually born in 1926. This is said to be in balance with other members of (Shin Yasuda was born in 1932). As a result, Yasuda is younger than Êtarô Ishibashi and Hiroshi Inuzuka, who are third-year students from the old high school. Born in London, England where his father was assigned as his previous name, Henry Sakurai, he grew up there until he was three years old. Senri is a or overseas children. His father is the representative secretary of the Japanese Association company.

It is said that after returning to Japan, his name was changed to Senri, but there is also a document that the real name was originally Chisato Sakurai. He entered the Nishisugamo Third Normal Primary School and attended the Ueno Children's Music Academy attached to the Tokyo School of Music from the fourth grade to learn classical piano. After attending the Gyosei Junior and Senior High School, Sakurai entered the Faculty of Political Economy at the Waseda University.

When Sakurai was in his sophomore year of college, a group called the "Sun Valley Swing Band" asked him to be a pinch hitter, and after that, he officially joined and started working as a jazz pianist. After leaving college, he moved into various bands. In 1952, Toshiko Akiyoshi went to the United States and participated in the Gay Stars, where the pianist was absent, and Sakurai take over the group for her. After that, he formed a trio with Yasumitsu Suzuki and Akira Fukuhara, but at the invitation of , he joined the jazz band "Frankie Sakai and City Slickers". At this time, he met Kei Tani, who was a member at the time, as well as . After leaving the City Slickers a year later, he joined Toriro Miki's Joke Studio and taught singing and composition.

His stage name at that time was Hinaro Miki (三木雛郎, "Miki Hinaro"). Tonpei Hidari and Eileen Fagen are the song's disciples at the time. He joined the jazz band "" in 1960 as pianist. He will take over Êtarô Ishibashi's place, who was being treated for tuberculosis. After returning to Ishibashi, Hitoshi Ueki and the others opined that they should leave, but , the leader, persuaded the other members to officially join the group, saying, "Because I became friends." In 1971, when Ishibashi left, Crazy Cats took the anomalous form of two pianists and began to perform controls that made use of the "continuous bullets" style (after that, Ishibashi often guest-starred on crazy The Bullet Series is standard). Ishibashi is said to be bold and Sakurai is said to be delicate.

On the variety show Shabontama Holiday, the action with the great Hiroshi Inuzuka is famous. He has a history of songwriting activities and composed funky three singles like "Nakanaka Not Found", Mieko Hirota's single "Looking at Tomorrow" (both songs are written by Yukio Aoshima) under the real name Chisato Sakurai. He is also active as an actor and has appeared in many movies and television shows such as ""The Lovable Tramp"" (Shochiku) and ""Kureji ogon sakusen"" (Toho). Sakurai often played in 's "It's Tough Being a Man." He also active as a supporting actor on stage. The character "Auntie Senri" who appeared in the Dainihon Jochugiku Company commercial is also famous. The word "Ruchonki" Sakurai said in this commercial became a buzzword at the time. During his life, Sakurai had a deep knowledge of classical music and opera, and often wrote manuscripts for trade magazines.

He also said that he had a daily routine to go to the piano for an hour to remember the feeling of playing. In 2006, he appeared in the movie "Notebook of Life" (directed by Makoto Itakura) as an employee of a consignment station at the of Iwate Galaxy Railway Line.

On April 27, 2007, he served as chairman of the funeral ceremony along with Tani and Inuzuka at the "Farewell Party" for Ueki. Kei Tani's funeral was held on November 11, 2010 is the last public venue. Sakurai was found dead at his home in Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo on November 11, 2012 by his landlord. As of the 12th, it is reported as a "lonely death" due to illness. He was 86 years old during the time of his death. After that, Sakurai lived with his mother, but since her death in 1984, he has been living alone for some time. Although the direct cause of death is unknown, as a chronic illness, he developed angina in 1996 and was hospitalized. Sakurai left the stage where he was supposed to appear. He was recently found at his home and was seen shopping in an electric wheelchair.

Himalayan birch

The Himalayan birch "(Betula utilis)" (Bharch patr, Punjābi: بھوج پتر phūrcá), is a deciduous tree native to the Western Himalayas. It grows at elevations up to 4,500 m (14,800 ft). It frequently grows among scattered conifers, with an undergrowth of shrubs that typically includes evergreen "Rhododendron". The tree depends on moisture from snowmelt, rather than from the monsoon rains. They often have very bent growth due to the pressure of the deep winter snow in the Himalaya. The Himalayan birch is the state tree of Pakistani state of Azad Kashmir .

Ētarō Ishibashi

Ētarō Ishibashi (, "Ishibashi Êtarô", September 30, 1927 - June 22, 1994) was a pianist for , actor, and cooking expert.

Born in Minato City, Tokyo in 1927, Ishibashi was the son of music composer Randô Fukuda and grandson of Meiji era painter . He grew up in area until he was three years old. His mother Chiyo was the fifth of eight siblings to the wealthy Ishibashi family. When Etaro was three years old, his father had an affair with actress Hiroko Kawasaki at a place where he went to write a film score. Rando married Kawasaki after separating from Etaro's mother. 

For this reason, Etaro returned to the home of his grandparents with his mother and took Ishibashi's surname. The Ishibashi Family at the time was holding up a sign from the Nito store, which runs a transportation business with 400 to 500 workers at (which is the government-owned railway), and it said, "I think the economy was good."

After attending the Bunkai Jinjo Elementary School in , Ishibashi was transferred to the Hyosung Elementary School in 1939. While at Hyosung High School, he meet Senri Sakurai, who was a senior, and Hiroshi Inuzuka, a third-year student. In 1944, due to the , he moved to the Jōshinji Temple in with his mother and his maternal grandfather. 

In 1945, Ishibashi entered the School of Oriental Music (now Tokyo College of Music). After studying classical piano at the piano department, he switched to the vocal music department ( was in the third quarter at this time). Around that time, Ishibashi left his mother and visited his father in . Soon after, his mother filed a lawsuit in the Odawara court against her husband on behalf of the city, and the government had begun to considered Rando as criminal to the state. Ishibashi graduated from the School of Oriental Music in 1949. At that time, it was difficult to earn a living in the world of classical music, so he lived playing in a club in and teaching piano to the neighborhood children. 

In 1947, Ishibashi appeared as a member of the choir in Miho Nagato Opera Company's first performance, "Madame Butterfly." A pianist of the band "Honey Jokers" dedicated to the expeditionary force club collapsed due to acute pneumonia. He participated in the audition to fill the vacancy and made his debut as a jazz man. Until then, Ishibashi began to like classical music and hated jazz, but the mighty meals of the expeditionary force club caught up with him and he turned to jazz lovers.

Under the stage name George Ishibashi, he was a member of the stationed during the Korean War to perform in front of US and soldiers. 

There was a time when people recommended that Ishibashi travel to the United States to practice jazz, but at the time, he didn't have enough money.. Around this time, he suffered from and performed while battling the disease. Eventually, he formed his own band "The Five". After working on " and the New Sounds Trio", Ishibashi joined "Hajime Hana and The Crazy Cats" as a pianist in March 1956.

At first, Ishibashi thought he should play, but from day one a basin was thrown at him and he had a , so he often thought about committing suicide. In June 1960, he temporarily left his artistic endeavors due to surgery to reshape his six ribs due to tuberculosis, but returned in August 1961 and played piano with Senri Sakurai, who joined the members as his understudy. On December 31, 1970, he left Crazy Cats due to heart disease. 

During an interview with the Asahi Shimbun news article, he said "If I quit smoking and went back to work in entertainment, they would tell me that I would not be satisfied with something." Ishibashi didn't like how he was retired from the entertainment world. In that same year, Ishibashi has been active as a culinary researcher and since 1967, he has run a "Sangyo-dong" sake and side dish shop in , Shibuya, Tokyo (he took over the shop originally run by his father, Rando). 

In 1988, all the Crazy Cats members appeared in the movie "Company Story", which was produced a long time ago. While the other six people included a lot of co-star scenes, it showed a memory scene of a colleague who had already died, a few seconds and only two cuts, and was a retired person. Although it can be mistakenly described as the appearance of a bank movie, he looks like an older person and wears the same company emblem as the main character around his neck.

In 1994, Ishibashi died at the Showa University Hospital in Shinagawa, Tokyo due to heart failure caused by stomach cancer. He was 66 years old. Known as a drinker, he has even placed a bet and drank a bottle of sake. Also, "Sangyo-dong" was run by a widow, but it will be closed once at the end of October 2018 due to the redevelopment of the surrounding area. It was reopened near the old store in May 2019.


Pesäpallo at the 1952 Summer Olympics

Pesäpallo, the Finnish variant of baseball, was played as a demonstration sport at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland.

The ceremonial first feed, or pitch, was thrown at 18:00 on 31 July by Lauri Pihkala, who had created the sport. The teams playing were the Finnish Baseball Federation and the Finnish Workers' Sports Federation. In a match with a shortened schedule, the Finnish Baseball Federation won 8–4.



Bi-State League (1915)

The Bi-State League was an American baseball class D minor league which operated in 1915. It was the successor of the Wisconsin–Illinois League and was represented by five teams from Illinois and one from Wisconsin. The league had no success at all and was dnfunct on July 7 and was for one year in 1915 but in 19 years have a league of the same name is called Bi-State League.

The Bi-State League lasted for one year for no reason given But don't much information about a league from 1915 And no winner given ever given unlike most minor leagues at the same era.

2003 Copa América de Futsal

The 2003 Copa América de Futsal was the 8th edition under FIFA rules, 19th edition of the main international futsal tournament of the South America region. It took place in Asunción, Paraguay from 26 August to 1 September 2003.

The tournament acted as a qualifying tournament for the 2004 FIFA Futsal World Championship in Taiwan.

The ten participating teams are divided into three groups of three in the first two groups and four teams in the last group, which will play each in a single round-robin format. The top team of each group advances to the semi-finals with the second placed team from Group C. The top three teams for the tournament will earn participation at the 2004 Futsal World Championship.

<br>

<br>

<br>

Argentina

IOS 13

IOS 13 is a previous version of iOS, the operating system of the iPhone and iPod Touch. It was succeeded by IOS 14 on March 26, 2021. 

Siempre Viva Norte

Siempre Viva Norte, also known as Northern Siempre Viva is a barangay in the municipality of Mallig, in the province of Isabela, Cagayan Valley (Region II), Philippines. According to the 2015 Census, there were 1,972 people living there. This accounted for 6.47 percent of Mallig's overall population.

After liberation in the second world war, people from different areas such as Pangasinan, Ilocos, Nueva Ecija, Indonesia, and many more people from different regions came to this place and lived in lands that do not yet have land titles because there are not enough citizens, and this area is not yet a barangay. The municipality of Mallig just let it go.

The elders who preceded this area, they were Pedro Ignacio, Alejo Orzame, Elias Seguancia, Alejandro Balmores, Gonzalo Mabuti, the former mayors were Eduardo Siababa, Cornelio Corpuz, Geminiano Soria, Alipo Castro, Gregorio Barbo, Eugenio Solanzo, Leoncio Pico, Cerilo Ladiero, Alipio Senica, Alejandro Gabatino, Genaro Seguancia, Carlos Catacutan, Juan Calderon, Ramon Domingo, Bernabe Cabanting and many more.

It took a few years before the elders had a meeting in this area to make it a Barrio or Barangay, and they did it successfully. Gemeniano Soria was the first one they recommended to be the Teniente del Baryo or Barangay Captain. They named this barangay "Siempre Viva" from the Spanish language "Always Alive" after they won the "Salip" in the town of Mallig in Rigodon, a dance and many more contests that they won.

Many children find it challenging to study because there is no school and no proper physical school. Once granted, Mayor Eduardo Siababa met the elders to go to the mountain to get materials for the "Eskuelahan" or School. A few years passed, and they also finished school, but a powerful storm destroyed it. It was so bad that the children could not use it to study there.

In 1948, some researchers and surveyors came to make Siempre Viva a town or city, but it did not proceed because it was far from the National Highway.

From 1950 - 1953, many were afraid to live in Siempre Viva because of the brutality of the Kalingas. All the people living in Siempre Viva sleep under their houses when the night comes. Mayor Eduardo R. Siababa decided to approach the "Panglakayen" (Leader) of the Kalingas to have an organization that would maintain peace and cooperation between the Ilocanos and Kalingas. The organization was well established and was called "Boddong".

Several decades passed, and the residents believed it would be better to divide the 60 hectares of land into two independent barangay to receive more projects and funds from the Government. In 1984, the two barrios were separated, and in the South, Siempre Viva Sur was located, while in the North, Siempre Viva Norte was located.

Siempre Viva Norte is home to one of the oldest elementary school in Mallig, Siempre Viva Norte Elementary School established in 1949.

The following educational institutions are also located within the village:


The age group with the highest population in Siempre Viva Norte, according to the 2015 Census, is 20 to 24, with 194 individuals. The age group with the smallest population is 80 and over, with just 5 people.

When all age groups are combined, those aged 14 and under account for 28.14 percent of the young dependent population, which includes infants/babies, children, and young adolescents/teenagers (555). Those aged 15 to 64, or approximately the economically productive population and actual or potential members of the labor force, account for 67.39 percent of the total population (1,329). Finally, the old dependent population, which includes senior citizens aged 65 and up, accounts for 4.46 percent (88) of the total.

According to the calculated Age Dependency Ratios, there are 42 youth dependents for every 100 working-age people in Siempre Viva Norte; 7 aged/senior citizens for every 100 working-age people in Siempre Viva Norte; and 48 dependents (young and old-age) for every 100 working-age people in Siempre Viva Norte. The median age of 26 means that half of the people in Siempre Viva Norte are under the age of 26 and the other half are over the age of 26.
The population of Siempre Viva Norte increased by 761 people from 1,211 in 1990 to 1,972 in 2015. The most recent census estimates from 2015 show a 1.93 percent rise, or an increase of 188 individuals, over the previous population of 1,784 in 2010.
Siempre Viva Norte is located on the island of Luzon at approximately 17.2033, 121.6316. At these coordinates, the elevation is measured to be 68.9 meters or 226.0 feet above mean sea level.

Siempre Viva Norte, Mallig has a tropical climate. Most months in Siempre Viva Norte experience substantial rainfall, with a brief dry season. Köppen and Geiger classify this position as Am. The temperature is on average. The annual rainfall average is . 

Siempre Viva Norte shares a common border with the following barangay(s):


Meitei scriptures

The Meitei scriptures are a number of books and other texts which tell about Meitei religion (Sanamahism) as well as Meitei mythology. They are the sacred literature for the Meitei pagans. Notably, one should not confused all the Puya (Meitei texts) to be Meitei scriptures, because many puyas were written based on the topics irrelevant to religion. 

The Trojan Women (movie)

The Trojan Women () is a 1971 American British Greek movie directed by Michael Cacoyannis and was based on the play of the same name. It stars Katharine Hepburn, Vanessa Redgrave, Irene Papas, Brian Blessed, Patrick Magee, Geneviève Bujold.


Mount Koubru

Mount Koubru or Mount Koupalu is a high mountain in the northern hill province of Manipur. It has cultural and religious significance to the Meitei ethnicity since the inception of Ancient Manipur. According to Meitei mythology and religion, the peak is the sacred abode of God Koupalu at his family.

Lai Lamlen

Lai Lamlen, also spelt as Lairamlen, is a high heavenly world in Meitei mythology and religion. It is the abode of Atingkok and his divine subjects.

Canno

She started her career in 2012. Her work, "Kiss and White Lily for My Dearest Girl" was serialized from 2013 to 2019, and "Gokaku no Tame no! Yasashii Sankaku Kankei Nyumon" was serialized from 2020 to 2021.



Khamnung

The Khamnung Leipaak or Leinung is the netherworld or the land under the surface of the human world in Meitei mythology and religion. It is the kingdom ruled by Thongalel, the god of death. It is the place where the souls of the dead people used to go. According to ancient Meitei scriptures, the Khamnung kingdom is described as a generally dark and cool place, whose capital city is the "Khamnung Sawa", which remains isolated from the rest of the areas, as the ""Ashi Turel"" (""Ashi Tulel"") (Styx river) flows encircling the charmed city of Thongalel. Unless permitted by Thongalel, no souls can enter the "Khamnung Sawa". According to His Will, souls of those who died from suicide are strictly prohibited from entry as a mark of punishment. 

Juha (1999 movie)

Juha is a 1999 Finnish German French romantic comedy movie directed by Aki Kaurismäki and was the fourth adaption of the 1911 novel of the same name by Juhani Aho. It stars Sakari Kuosmanen, Kati Outinen, André Wilms, Markku Peltola, Outi Mäenpää, Esko Nikkari.


Karnan (2021 movie)

Karnan is a 2021 Tamil-language action drama movie directed by Mari Selvaraj. It was released on May 9, 2021.

The story of a fearless boy who, through incredible determination, commits to save the citizens of his village and fight for their rights.


Mikan Uji

Her work, "Now loading...!" was serialized from 2016 to 2017, and "Fuzoroi no Renri" has been serialized since 2017.



2024 Copa América

The 2024 Copa América will be the 48th edition of the Copa América, the quadrennial international men's football championship organized by South America's football ruling body CONMEBOL.

The 2024 Copa América is expected to be hosted by Ecuador due to CONMEBOL's host rotation order. to run in parallel with Euros from 2020 However, CONMEBOL president Alejandro Dominguez said that Ecuador has been nominated but not yet chosen to organize the cup. Peru has also expressed its intention to organize the tournament. The 2024 Copa América was originally scheduled for 2023, but was moved to 2024 in order to coincide with UEFA Euro 2024.

All ten CONMEBOL national teams are eligible to enter.
 It is expected that a 14-team or 18-team tournament will be held, with two or six teams from outside CONMEBOL being invite

Ecuador has already started studies to modernize stadiums for the tournament.

Group Sounds

Group Sounds or GS is a group of people who perform and sing, centered on electric instruments such as electric guitars and electric basses. It was influenced by rock groups such as The Ventures, The Beatles, and The Rolling Stones in Europe and the United States, and it became popular in Japan from 1960 to 1971. 
Generally speaking, "Group Sounds" refers to rock groups that were active mainly in jazz and go-go cafes in the late 1960s. This genre has some common features because many groups have lead vocals, electric guitars, electric bass, & drums.

There were vocalists such as the early The Happenings Four, a guitarless GS, and the early Sharp Hawks, a chorus GS with a professional electric band in the background. In May 1965, while the popularity of British rock bands such as The Beatles spread to Japan, Shōchi Tanabe and The Spiders released "Furi Furi", which is considered to be the first Group Sounds record. In March 1966, Jackey Yoshikawa & His Blue Comets announced their first album "Blue Eyes".

This year after the Beatles' performance in Japan in 1966, the groups began to sing while playing musical instruments such as electric guitars. In response to this, the youth entertainment magazine "Weekly Meisei", began to collectively call these groups and music "Group Sounds" or "GS", and the name became widespread. There is a theory that Takeshi Terauchi said that in 1965 when asked about the genre of Blue Jeans at that time, "It's a group sound" and "But it's a singular form, so Group Sounds is better".

Blue Jeans were influenced by The Ventures. Those who were active as professional bands before the Beatles' performance in Japan, such as Blue Jeans, Blue Comets and The Spiders, and those who played blues rock like The Golden Cups and The Tempters. Some bands such as The Tigers and The Jaguars, were formed by students who were influenced by The Beatles and Rolling Stones. In this way, even with GS, the musicality of each group varied considerably. The music industry at that time was still old, and entertainment professionals and record companies wanted to ask professional composers and lyricists to write music for GS upcoming songs.

Therefore, the Tempters and The Golden Cups, who played mainly their favorite Western rock music at concerts and recitals, felt a backlash. Some groups, like The Golden Cups, adhered to the policy of never playing singles like "Long-Haired Girl" at live performances. Jackey Yoshikawa & His Blue Comets and The Spiders became popular groups in the early days of the GS boom, and The Tigers, The Tempters, and Ox became popular in the middle and late stages of the GS boom.

The Spiders, The Blue Comets, and The Golden Cups were also popular GS comparable to them. In the 1960s, Japan was a society with a feudal side with strong fatherhood, and elements such as long hair and electric guitar were linked to badness and juvenile delinquency. Some high school students who went to see Group Sounds concerts were either suspended or dropped out to created their own band. Junior high schools and high schools prohibited going to concerts. At an outdoor concert at The Tigers' Nara Ayame Pond in November 1967, a fan fell and was seriously injured. NHK cut the appearance part of The Tigers that had already been recorded in "Grand Show of Song", and after that, with the exception of Jackey Yoshikawa and his Blue Comets who had short hair, long-haired group sounds were banned.

In May 1968, a concert admission ticket forgery by a high school girl fan of The Tigers also occurred. A series of girls fainted due to the fainting performance that Ox performed on the stage, and this triggered the antipathy of PTA and educators. To prevent accidents, theaters and local governments said that Group Sounds bands should not have concert venues. In the special feature of "Record Collectors", record companies appointed professional songwriters to the GS group who aimed to make their own performances by hiring songwriters such as Rei Nakanishi, Kunihiko Murai, Kyōhei Tsutsumi, Kunihiko Suzuki and other songwriters. 

In the 1960s, there were several professional female GSs, including Pinky Chicks, Chikako Matsuda, and Tokyo Pink Pearls. Only Pinky Chicks released a record. Some female GS members were able to release disco records in the 70's. Later, a surf rock-style Golden Half also debuted their records. Their album, "Beyond the Sun", was a cover of Astro Notes. Emy Jackson was a solo singer who made her debut on Philips Records as an English born citizen, but during the heyday of GS, Akiko Nakamura, Jun Mayuzumi, Michi Aoyama, Rumi Koyama, Aki Izumi and others also made their debut. Akiko Nakamura's "Nijiiro no Lake", Jun Mayuzumi's "Tenshi no Yuwaku" and "Koi no Hallelujah" were big hits.

Jun Mayuzumi's "Saturday Night, something happens" is a representative song of the female version of GS. In addition to the hit song, Ichiro Araki, a male singer and songwriter, released an ambitious work, "I'm in Rockland with you." The Genova's "Saharin's Light Doesn't Extinguish" and The Voltage's "It's a Man's Man's World" are examples of cult GS works.

The GS boom peaked around the summer of 1968, and more than 100 groups had made their record debuts, but in the spring of 1969, major members withdrew from popular groups such as The Tigers, The Carnabeats, and OX, and again. Jackey Yoshikawa and his Blue Comets even recorded songs on a mood song line. Around 1970, the GS boom came to an end, and in 1971, most groups were disbanded or disappeared. Among the people who served as lead vocals in the popular Group Sounds, many people continued to be active. 

From 1988 to 1990, a group called the Tigers Memorial Club Band was formed, and the hit songs of that time were released. In addition, Kyosei Iwamoto, who was imitating Kenji Sawada, was impressed by them and formed a band with Katsumi Kahashi, Taro Morimoto, Shiro Kishibe and The Tigers Mania among members of The Tigers in 1993. "Victim of Romance" has been released. Meanwhile, The Wild Ones were reunited in 1981 and are still active.

Jackey Yoshikawa and his Blue Comets did not dissolve and continued activities while repeating member changes, and after the death of Daisuke Inoue in 2000, the heyday We are returning to the organization of the remaining four people. Both The Tigers and The Wild Ones belonged to Watanabe Productions during the heyday of GS.

In 2002, Village Singers' "The Girl with Flaxen Hair" was covered by Hitomi Shimatani and became a smash hit. GS was treated for a long time as an "old-fashioned melody" after the boom had passed. However, research by Susumu Kurosawa, a GS researcher from the mid-1980s, and re-verification by Haruo Chikada have been carried out, and it has attracted some attention. The Mops are also evaluated overseas as "psychedelic rock" and "garage rock". In Japan, re-edited albums by label, albums by genre, and CD recurrences with the same paper jacket specifications at the time of release were released one after another. Kyohei Tsutsumi provided the songs for C-C-B, which appeared in the mid-1980s. At about the same time a younger generation of GS fans played GS-style songs mainly at live houses in Tokyo. Representative bands at that time include The Phantom Gift and The Collectors. This movement was featured in some media, but it was a small phenomenon. After that, Dixied, Emons and others inherited GS.

Even after the 21st century, GS-style rock bands and GS followers such as Kinoko Hotel, The Captains, and The Shallows have been born. Since 2010, bands such as The Juliannes was created by former Jackey Yoshikawa and Tsunaki Mihara of Blue Comets have been created.








Third plague pandemic

The third plague pandemic was a major bubonic plague pandemic. It began in Yunnan during the Xianfeng period of the Qing Dynasty in 1855. It gradually ended in the middle of the 20th century. The plague spread to Hong Kong, Guangzhou and other places in the 1890s, and then gradually spread to more than 60 countries and regions in the world. 15 million people worldwide died. 

In this plague, from 1898 to 1908, about six million people died in India. Other major epidemics include the Hong Kong plague and the Northeast plague. In 1894, Swiss-born French bacteriologist Alexandre Yersin successfully isolated "Yersinia pestis" in Hong Kong for the first time. In 1897, Russian borne French microbiologist Waldemar Haffkine invented the first human plague vaccine.

Cocoliztli epidemics

The Cocoliztli epidemics were a group of times many people in New Spain became sick. New Spain is Mexico and parts of South America today. The Cocoliztli epidemics were in the 16th century. Today, scientists do not know which germ caused the sickness. There may have been a few different germs. People had fevers and bled from their ears and noses. The Aztecs called this disease "Cocoliztli." The epidemic is divided into two groups, causing a total of 7 million to 17.5 million deaths. It was one of the deadliest epidemics in history and the worst epidemic in Mexican history. The first wave of epidemics broke out from 1545 to 1548, killing 5 to 15 million people (about 80% of the Mexican people); the second wave of epidemics broke out from 1576 to 1578 Between 2 and 2.5 million people died (approximately 50% of Mexico's people). Some historians believe that the epidemic may have been smallpox, typhus or measles, but none of these match the symptoms people had. Some people think this epidemic was a viral hemorrhagic fever, which was made worse by the severe drought at that time. Today, scientists think Salmonella was at least one of the germs brought to North and South America by the European colonists.

The word "cocoliztli" comes from the Nahuatl word for "pest" or disease, illness, and plague.

Antonine Plague

Antonine Plague (English: Antonine Plague), also named the Galen Plague (after the Roman doctor Claudius Galen), was a time from 165 to 180 AD when many people became very sick. Historians think they had smallpox.

People who caught the Antonine Plague had fevers, chills, diarrhea and pock marks that left scars.

History of smallpox in Mexico

The history of smallpox in Mexico started with Spain's conquest of the Aztec Empire in the early 16th century. Smallpox in Mexico has a history of 450 years. Smallpox was introduced to Mexico by the Spanish. It was an important factor in the fall of Tenochtitlan, the capital of the Aztec Empire. 

Before the arrival of European colonists, smallpox did not exist in the entire American continent. Hernán Cortés arrived in Mexico in 1519. In 1520, the first wave of smallpox killed 5-8 million people. From 1545 to 1576, up to 17 million people died from smallpox. The population of Mexico fell from over thirty million people to about 1.5–3 million by 1568. The spread of smallpox throughout Mexico followed the communication and trade routes throughout the country. There was another major epidemic between 1790 and 1791. This started attempts to stop the disease, with quarantines, inoculation, isolation and the closing of roads in New Spain. Charity boards were created, where rich people of the city donated money to build hospitals and to help and cure the sick. 

In 1803, Spanish doctor Francisco Javier Balmis started a vaccination program.

The Vaccination and Revaccination Act was passed in 1925, making it legally required for citizens to be vaccinated from smallpox and revaccinated every 5 years. Over 28 million vaccines were given from 1944 to 1949. Smallpox was declared extinct in Mexico in 1951.

Village Singers

Village Singers ("Vu~irejji shingāzu") was a popular Japanese group sound band formed in 1966 until 1971. They had multiple hit songs and appeared on television and in movies. 

The predecessor of Village Singers was "Folk Trekkers" ("Fōku torekkāzu"), a country music folk group formed by Hisashi Komatsu. The group was once disbanded, but a new group was formed by Hisashi Komatsu, Takao Nanri, and Osamu Mori. In June 1966, Yutaka Hayashi and Masahiro Koseki were added and the band name was started as "Village Singers". The group is named after the folk mecca "Greenwich Village" in the United States. It was rare at the time to add a 12-string guitar to the band formation. Its record debut was in October 1966 on "Dark Sandy Beach". This song was a light folk-rock style song, but it didn't make a big hit. The following year, in 1967, they released the second single, "In Search of You," but the slump continued.

The members were reorganized in an attempt to revive, with new band members Tetsuo Koike, Kazuomi Sasai, and Michio Shimizu. In August 1967, the third single "Barairono Kumo" with new members sold over 600,000 copies and was in the limelight. The fifth single "The Girl with Flaxen Hair" released in February of the following year became a big hit ranked 7th on the Oricon chart.

"Lemon in the Rainbow / Ring of Memories" released in April of the same year was a double-sided hit, achieving a feat of being ranked both 17th on the Oricon chart and 12th. In August, they released hit songs one after another, "Until The Stars Fell" and "Falling Leaves And Kissing" in November, but in 1969 it became sluggish and "Love In The Rain" released in February. Then, Oricon 42nd place, "When I Fell In Love While Crying" released in March barely entered Oricon 75th place, but the songs released after that did not lead to a hit at all outside the Oricon area, and it was released in January 1971. At the end of "Forever From Here", they disbanded in June 1971.

In 2002, Hitomi Shimatani made a big hit by covering "The Girl with Flaxen Hair" as a commercial song for Kao's "Essential Damage Care". With this as an opportunity, the members at that time gathered and reunited and are still active to this day.

Yutaka Hayashi ( February 24, 1947 ) is the drummer and an actor. He was born in Nagano and attended the Jōsai Univ. Jōsai Junior & Senior High School. He worked to Theater de Poche, Office BIN as a talent agent.

Hayashi was born in Matsumoto, Nagano Prefecture, where the family was evacuated during the Allied bombing raid on Japan. After that, he grew up at his home in Tokyo. After graduating from high school, Hayashi joined the formation of the Group Sounds band, "Village Singers" as a drummer. He released a number of hit songs . After the group was disbanded in 1971, Hayashi became an actor for different companies. He played every role, from young people who were refracted by society to villains.

He married Etsuko Nami in 1969. They divorced in 1972. He retired in 1983. After retiring, he became a businessman and succeeded in developing oldies live house "Kento's" and The Beatles copy band live house "Cavern Club" "Abbey Road" in Tokyo, Osaka and Fukuoka. Around 2001. Hayashi resumed his activities as a member of the Village Singers during the 2002 reunion.

Tetsuo Koike ( "Koike Tetsuo", November 30, 1947 - ) is the keyboard player and pianist. He grew up in Tokyo.

After the dissolution of Village Singers, Koike worked as a solo musician. After that, he established a commercial music production company and worked as a producer. Koike would later reunite with the band in 2002.

Kazuomi Sasai ( November 12, 1944 ) is the bass player. He grew up in Tokyo.

After the dissolution of the band, Sasai worked as a solo musician, and after that, he discovered "Megumi Asaoka" and "Hiromi Iwasaki" as record director. He would reunite with the band in 2002 and runs a music video production company.

Hisashi Komatsu ( February 10, 1945 -) is leader of the band as a lead guitarist. He grew up in Tokyo.

After working for the country music group "Folk Trekkers" he formed the group "Village Singers." In 1973, after the dissolution of the band, Komatsu formed "Shigeki Torizuka & Hotcake" with former The Wild Ones member Shigeki Torizuka. After that, he became a music director for Yasuko Naitō, the TUBE, and the ZARD. In 2002, he reunited with members of "Village Singers" and is still active.

On June 5, 2010, a new band "Hisashi Komatsu & His Farmers" was formed.

Michio Shimizu ( August 17, 1945 {age 75} -) is singer and rhythm guitarist. He grew up in Tokyo.

After the dissolution of Village Singers, Shimizu became a solo singer. In 1975, he became a record director. Shimizu participated in the "Tigers Memorial Club Band" formed in 1988. He would latter reunite with the band in 2002









1957–1958 influenza pandemic

The 1957-58 influenza pandemic, also called Asian flu was a time when many people caught H2N2 influenza A and became sick. Westerners first learned about this influenza when it was in Singapore. It killed 1.1 million people.

The influenza virus that caused the pandemic had an HA antigen and NA antigen that scientists had never seen before, so they named it "H2N2."

The 1957 influenza pandemic was the first time scientists truly studied how influenza could move through large groups of people who had not had vaccines that worked against it yet.

Hong Kong flu

The 1968 influenza pandemic was a time when many people in the world caught H3N2 influenza A and became sick. It was also called Hong Kong flu in Western countries because Westerners first noticed it when it was in Hong Kong. It spread through the whole world. It killed 1 million people.

735–737 Japanese smallpox epidemic

The 735-737 Japanese smallpox epidemic caused between 1.5 to 2 million deaths, accounting for about one-third of the Japanese population. The epidemic originated in Kyushu and later spread to the capital of Nara. By 737, the epidemic caused the suspension of government affairs and the death of four Fujiwara brothers who had controlled the government at the time. The epidemic has had a profound impact on Japan's society, economy and its religion.

Persian plague of 1772–1773

The Persian plague of 1772–1773 was a time when many people in the Persian Empire caught a disease from fleas. At its height, the Persian Empire was much larger than Iran and Iraq today. It included what is now Turkey, Egypt and Libya. By the 18th century it had been cut back somewhat, but was still very much larger than the Persia of today.

The epidemic was caused by the bacterium "Yersinia pestis". It killed two million people. It is one of the deadliest epidemics in history. It reached Baghdad in 1772 and Basra in 1773, where it killed about 250,000 people in Basra alone. After that, the epidemic spread to the Persian Gulf. In 1798, there were deaths in Mosul.

Naples Plague

The Naples Plague is a plague epidemic that occurred in Italy from 1656 to 1658, which caused a devastating blow to the population of Naples. The epidemic mainly affects the central and southern regions of Italy. Some researchers estimate that 1.25 million people died from the plague in the Kingdom of Naples in Italy, which is one of the deadliest epidemics in history. In Naples alone, approximately 150,000 to 200,000 people died of disease in 1656, accounting for at least 50% of the city’s total population. The plague epidemic has severely affected the economic and social structure of Naples and other disaster-stricken areas.

Third cholera pandemic

The third cholera pandemic was the cholera pandemic that occurred from 1846 to 1860, and was the third large-scale cholera outbreak in history. Some scholars also believe that the pandemic began in 1837 and did not end until 1863. The pandemic started in India and spread to all parts of the world. In the Russian Empire, more than 1 million people died of cholera. It is one of the deadliest epidemics in history.

1889-1890 pandemic

The pandemic of 1889 to 1890 or Asiatic flu or Russian flu was a time when many people became sick. Scientists think the virus causing the sickness was an H3N8 or H2N2 influenza virus but other scientists think it could have been a coronavirus. It killed about one million people.

The most important part of the epidemic was from 1889 to 1890, but there were two other large parts from 1890 to 1892. This epidemic caused approximately 1 million deaths worldwide. It was one of the most serious epidemics in the 19th century. In 1889, the disease was seen in St. Petersburg in the Russian Empire. People also became sick in Canada, Greenland and other places. Historians believe this was the first pandemic to spread much on railroads. It spread to much of Europe.

Nongmaiching Ching

The Nongmaiching Ching or the Selloi Langmai Ching is a mountain rising above the plains of Manipur. It is one of the most visited pilgrimage sites of Sanamahi religion. According to Meitei mythology and folklore, it is a sacred mountain and the home of Nongpok Ningthou and Panthoipi, where they had united, at the presence of many gods, which is still celebrated as Lai Haraoba by the Meitei ethnicity.

Kakha Kuchava

Kakhaber Kuchava (born 23 September 1979) is a Georgian politician. Member of Parliament of Georgia since 2016. He is Chairman of Parliament of Georgia from 27 April 2021.


Thangjing Hill

The Thangjing Hill or the Thangching Hill is a hill range in the southern province of Manipur. It is one of the most visited holy pilgrimage sites in Northeast India. People following Sanamahi religion used to climb the top of the peak to offer prayers to God Thangching, whose main temple is built on the peak.

Breuil, Somme

Breuil is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Brévillers, Somme

Brévillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Brie, Somme

Brie is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Briquemesnil-Floxicourt

Briquemesnil-Floxicourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Brouchy

Brouchy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Abancourt, Nord

Abancourt () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 469 people lived there.


Sibilant

Sibilants are sounds that sound like a hiss. In linguistics, a sibilant is a fricative that is louder than other fricatives. For example, [s] is a sibilant and [f] is not.

Monosyllabic

A monosyllabic word is a word that only contains one syllable.

"Examples":

Takashi Tsuboshima

Takashi Tsuboshima (坪島孝, "Tsuboshima Takashi", April 13, 1928 - August 12, 2007) was a Japanese film director. He is known for directing his 1974 film, "", which was based on 's original manga and the first live action movie based on the character, .

Tsuboshima graduated from the Waseda University Faculty of Commerce in 1952. While attending the university, he watched all kinds of movies, both Japanese and Western, and aspired to become a film director. He joined Toho when he graduated from university in 1956. However, at that time, Toho had stopped officially hiring assistant directors due to the Toho Dispute and so he was assigned as a (a person in charge of paying dividends to actors). After three years of being a talent agent, he became an assistant director in 1955 and studied under , Yasuki Chiba, and others.

In 1963, Tsuboshima became director after directing his first feature film, "Bet on Life at the Moment", which starring and . He also directed films such as "", which was Toho's dollar box program at that time. Tsuboshima would work under Kengo Furusawa in many movies. In crazy comedy movies, he directed many works that were a bit different from Furusawa, with a lot of wits and fine gags. Starring space alien entrepreneur in "" (1966), Crazy Cats member dancing in the streets of Las Vegas in "Kureji ogon sakusen" (1967) and other latter projects during his time as a director. His representative works included the absurd comedy "Kiki kaikai ore wa dareda?!" (1969), which was warming up the project.

During his career, Tsuboshima created the so-called program pictures in succession, but in addition to crazy movies, the comedy-touch action work "International Secret Police: Keg of Gunpowder" (1964) starring and the suspense drama ""Ai no Kizuna"" (1969) based on 's original novel. He has left a fine work such as. Around 1968, he established Jack Production (ジャック・プロダクション, "Jakku purodakushon") with Yasuo Tanami, Ei Ogawa, Tsugunobu Kotani and others. In addition to the subsequent films, he directed TV dramas, commercials, and weekly events.

He died of lung adenocarcinoma on August 12, 2007 at the age of 79.


Ei Ogawa

Ei Ogawa (, "Ogawa Ei", March 10, 1930; Osaka - April 27, 1994; Tokyo (age 64) ), also credited as Hide Ogawa (江里 明, "Ogawa Hide") was a Japanese screenwriter.

Graduated from the Faculty of Law at Chuo University. He studied under the screenwriter & author Keiichiro Ryu and mainly wrote many Nikkatsu action films. Ogawa was one of the people who supported the Golden Age of Nikkatsu action movies during the 1960s. From around 1970, he shifted his main activity to TV dramas, and in "Taiyo ni Hoero!", he was involved from the beginning to the end of the program, and mainly played the role of supervising and revising the scenario. In parallel with this, Ogawa has written numerous drama scripts in a wide range of genres such as action, suspense, and historical drama. At the end of the 1960s, he joined the video production group Jack Production (ジャック・プロダクション, "Jakku purodakushon") with Takashi Tsuboshima, Yasuo Tanami, Katsuki Iwauchi and others.

In addition, Ogawa presided over the private school "Eijuku" for training scenario writers, and produced many writings.

Iitti

Iitti () is a municipality in Kymenlaakso, Finland. As of 31 December 2020, the municipality had a population of 6,625. Neighbouring municipalities are Heinola, Kouvola, Lapinjärvi, Lahti and Orimattila.


Artjärvi

Artjärvi () is a former municipality in Päijänne Tavastia, Finland. As of 31 October 2010, the municipality had a population of 1,412.

It was merged with the town of Orimattila in 2011.


Bocoyna Municipality

Bocoyna is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Bocoyna. The municipality covers an area of 2,801.8 km².

In 2010, the municipality had a total population of 28,766.

Matamoros Municipality, Chihuahua

Matamoros is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Mariano Matamoros. The municipality covers an area of 1,139.5 km².

In 2010, the municipality had a total population of 4,499.

Brutelles

Brutelles is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Buigny-l'Abbé

Buigny-l'Abbé is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Buigny-lès-Gamaches

Buigny-lès-Gamaches is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Buigny-Saint-Maclou

Buigny-Saint-Maclou is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Abancourt, Oise

Abancourt is a commune. It is in the Oise department in northern France.

Dean Henderson

Dean Bradley Henderson (born 12 March 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Crystal Palace and the England national team.

Shrewsbury Town

Manchester United

England U20

England

Individual

Montjovet

Montjovet is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Bus-lès-Artois

Bus-lès-Artois is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Nick Grouf

Nick Grouf is an American entrepreneur and philanthropist. He is Described as a "pioneer of the Web 1.0 generation". He is the co-founder and managing director of Alpha Edisonà, and the founder of Clementine Capital, LLC.

Grouf was born and raised up in New York City. He attended the Horace Mann School. He graduated with a degree in American Studies in 1990; his senior thesis, an opera, won Yale's Norman Holmes Pearson Prize.

Dava Newman

Dava J. Newman (born 1964) was Deputy Administrator of NASA. Newman obtained her Ph.D. in aerospace biomedical engineering, and Master of Science degrees in aerospace engineering and technology and policy all from MIT, and her Bachelor of Science degree in aerospace engineering from the University of Notre Dame. She is the Apollo Program Professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics and Engineering Systems at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Harvard–MIT Health.

Mörrum

Mörrum is a locality in Karlshamn Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2010, 3,695 people lived there.

Hallabro

Hallabro is a locality in Ronneby Municipality in Blekinge County in Sweden. In 2010, 254 people lived there.

Waldkraiburg

Waldkraiburg () is a town in Mühldorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is the biggest town in Mühldorf. It is on the river Inn, about ten kilometers southwest of Mühldorf and sixty kilometers east of Munich.

Fulvous

Fulvous is a color that is 89.4% red, 51.8% green, and 0% blue. It is a dark orange. The color hex code for fulvous is #e48400.

Mario Meoni

Mario Andrés Meoni (22 January 1965 – 23 April 2021) was an Argentine politician. At the time of his death in 2021, he had been the Minister of Transport since 2019. He also served as "intendente" (mayor) of Junín, a "partido" in Buenos Aires Province, from 2003 to 2015. 

Meoni was born in Ascensión, Buenos Aires Province. He married Laura Oliva in 1991. The couple had twin sons.

On 23 April 2021, Meoni died after he lost control of the car he was driving and crashed near the town of San Andrés de Giles. He was 56.

Picos tree frog

The acre tree frog ("Dendropsophus soaresi") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Harvard–MIT Program in Health Sciences and Technology

Harvard–MIT Program in Health Sciences and Technology, or HST, is a biomedical engineering and physician-scientist training programs in the United States. It was established in 1970 and is the collaborative program between Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Within the program, graduate and medical students are registered with both MIT and Harvard and work with faculty and affiliated faculty members from both communities. HST is a part of MIT's Institute for Medical Engineering and Science and forms the London Society at Harvard Medical School.

HST's program aims to bring engineering, physical sciences, and biological sciences from the laboratory bench to the patient's bedside. Similarly, it also aims to bring clinical insight from the patient's bedside to the laboratory bench. Consequently, HST students are trained to have a deep and exposure in understanding of engineering and scientific fundamentals that complement with hands-on experience in the clinic or in industry.

Bujingai: The Forsaken City

Bujingai: The Forsaken City release in Europe as Bujingai: Swordmaster or simply as in Japan is an action video game developed by Taito Corporation in collaboration with Red Entertaiment. Published in Japan by Taito in 2003, North America by BAM! Entertainment in 2004, and 505 Gamestreet in European released. The game is set in 23rd century, player can play as Lau Wong, main character of the game (casted by Gackt Camui). The gameplay of "Bujingai" is similiar to "Devil May Cry" series.


Kengo Furusawa

Kengo Furusawa (古澤 憲吾, "Furusawa Kengo", March 30, 1919 - January 16, 1997) is a prolific Japanese film director and movie producer.

Born in in 1919, Kengo attended classes at the Department of Aesthetics at Nihon University, and soon joined in 1943.

During the Second World War, he joined the as a . In 1944, he worked as an assistant director in "" (directed by ) produced by Toho under the supreme order of the Ministry of the Army as a training propaganda for new recruits.

After and the end of the in 1945, he was from the navy and return to the Nihon University as a class tutor. He graduated in 1947. In 1948, Kengo joined Toho's Supervisory Department. After returning to Toho, he served as an assistant director for , Kunio Watanabe, , , , Hideo Suzuki and others.

In 1959, he became director and directed his first feature film, Gokigen musume. In 1962, Kengo directed Nippon musekinin jidai, which became a popular classic comedy film and since then, he produced many films for entertainment movies such as the . In 1970, Kengo left Toho and was planning to make a "Storm Over Asia" that depicts the modern history of Japan, but it never happened. 

He was nicknamed "Pare-san" because he called himself "a hero of the Palembang descent operation. However, Furusawa joined the aviation unit after the "Palembang attack," and director Shue Matsubayashi and others have stated that "that is left to us." Although it is not an actual descent operation, Furusawa himself appeared as a parachute member in the reproduction scene of the Palembang descent operation in "Kato hayabusa sento-tai " (Directed by Kajiro Yamamoto in 1944) who participated as an assistant director.

Credit titles in Crazy Cats movies and Wakadaishō series, using special credits that make the name pop out from the back of the screen, using aerial shots and bird's-eye shots a lot, playing "Gunkan March" in the play, etc. Known for his unique style, such as humming a "life theater" to a person.Kengo heard suspicious things such as " fell in love with him", or in opposition to , who always stood out in black, or in a white suit, hat, socks and shoes known as a stranger, such as standing in.

Once, he imitated 's story and warmed the actor's footwear in his pocket, but this actor made him foolish and said, "I thought he was impressed, but that idiot!" It was said that it was. The height of tension during the production was also famous at the studio. The instructions during the shooting were loud and yelling all the time. According to actress , this was unusual for Toho's director. Kengo was often injured during filming, and when he was shooting in a convertible, he sometimes fell off the car after saying "Action!" and couldn't say "Cut!", so he was seen walking with by other staffs. He had a habit of saying, "Turn the because anything is fine," and he was the type who proceeded with everything with momentum.

Kengo stated, "If there is no movement on the screen, momentum will not be generated." He is using a lot of techniques to always capture pedestrians behind even in indoor cutscenes, and sometimes preferred short cut scenes. also commented, "There were overwhelmingly more film changes than other directors' films." Even though the film magazine was empty during the film change, he said, "Why are you stopping the camera, turn it because it's okay!" And continued the production without filming. However, , the special effects director, also commented, "In reality, my personality was delicate, contrary to what I said and did, and I didn't leave it to the flow and momentum of the scene to shoot." At the beginning of ""Nihon'ichi no Goma suri otoko"", , who plays the main character of the film, is asked by his father (literally) to sesame, and two kittens are prepared in the bamboo basket next to it, and the audience's loveliness It was said that he had even calculated the part to calm his mind.

Also, when filming the sports game scenes such as "Young Guy at Sea", he put up a saying, "If you come to see it, you will listen to 's song," and participated as an extra to the large number of Kayama fans who came in. There was also one side of the idea man, such as getting it. In "Crazy Cats Movie", Mie Hama, whose acting theory was broken due to the heavy use of "hollow shooting" without too much context, was seriously worried and questioned, "You don't have to think about anything! According to the news article, Ueki was also worried about this. Ueki later said that when Takuya Fujioka, who participated in Furusawa's work for the first time, came to the shooting site, Furusawa said, "Mr. Fujioka, I am a director who pursues realism." When Fujioka asked Ueki if it was true, Ueki replied, "I wonder if the real we think is so different from the real he thinks." Toru Yuri is his favorite, and he often appeared in comedy stuff such as Crazy Cats film with Akira Hitomi, and was heavily used. There were many combinations with prodution designer , and he always called Muraki "Ms.!"

While directing his war movie "Siege of Fort Bismarck" (1963), he insisted that "special effects are not used because they are not powerful!" , the director of special effects, told him to try it without special effects, and he started shooting only with Furusawa, but in the end, Kengo apologized to Tsuburaya. After that, when he saw the result of the special effects, he prostrated, "It's Tsuburaya after all." From the standpoint of disagreeing with the Tokyo Tribunal, he continued to submit plans for "Asia no Arashi," which depicts the modern history of Japan, to Toho, but it was not realized due to Toho's corporate culture, which dislikes political topics. Kengo loved the "red color of the Hinomaru", so I was particular about the color of the title of my movie, and even rushed to the photo lab to make it a convincing "red color of the Hinomaru".

For this reason, at the photo lab, this red color that Furusawa imagined was called "pallet red." It was Furusawa's commitment that the last of Furusawa's works always ended with the title of "Pare Red". In his later years, he changed his name to Masatoshi, and made a living by selling fire extinguishers, managing parking lots, and controlling traffic at construction sites. He was also known for his dislike of the .

Unknowingly, Kengo visited the residence of , a master of left-wing movies and politically the enemy of the Toho Dispute, to sell fire extinguishers and returned his heels in a hurry. Director Shue Matsubayashi said of Furusawa, "That was really the right wing."

Great Bath, Mohenjo-daro

The Great Bath is part of a large citadel complex that was found in the 1920s during excavations of Mohenjo-daro, one of the main centres of the Indus civilization. The bath is built of fine brickwork and measures 897 square feet (83 square metres). It is 8 feet (2.5 metres) lower than the surrounding pavement. The floor consists of two skins of sawed brick set on edge in gypsum mortar, with a layer of bitumen sealer sandwiched between the skins. Water was evidently supplied by a large well in an adjacent room, and an outlet in one corner of the bath led to a high corbeled drain that disgorged on the west side of the mound. The bath was reached by flights of steps at either end, originally finished with timbered treads set in bitumen.

The significance of the structure is unknown, but it is generally thought to be linked with some sort of ritual bathing. Indeed, while lacking impressive palaces or monuments, Mohenjo-daro featured numerous baths—most homes had washrooms—and an extensive sewage system, suggesting that a priority was placed on cleanliness and sanitation.

Mohammadreza Golzar

Mohammadreza Golzar (, born March 21, 1977) is an Iranian actor and singer.

and Mohammadreza Bahmanyarghlaejoughi is his actual father but he always had feud with

Opioid crisis

The opioid crisis or opioid pandemic is the problems with opioid drugs. Too many people became addicted to opioids.

The crisis started in the United States in the 1990s. Since then, about 450,000 people have died from opioids in the United States. Most of the people who died took opioids as regular drugs and became addicted. Only a small number of people used the drugs illegally. According to the United States Centers for Disease Control, the opioid crisis costs $78.5 billion a year in the United States alone.

Opioids are moderately strong, to strong painkillers. Despite the high risks, associated with addiction and overdose, they are relatively easy to get. Opioids can have sedative properties. They are useful for treating acute pain; but they are not as effective when treating chronic pain. When looking at chronic pain, the risks often outweigh the benefits.

In 1996, the company Purdue Pharma wanted to sell a number of drugs containing opioids. They told doctors that patients would probably not become addicted, so the doctors prescribed opioids to many patients, even if they did not really need them. Many of those patients became addicted. In 2007, Purdue Pharma was fined $635 million. The judge said this was because Purdue Pharma did not warn customers about the side effects enough. Since then, there have been other similar lawsuits.

In 2017, more than 47,000 Americans died as a result of an opioid overdose, including prescription opioids, heroin, and illicitly manufactured fentanyl, a powerful synthetic opioid. That same year, an estimated 1.7 million people in the United States suffered from substance use disorders related to prescription opioid pain relievers, and 652,000 suffered from a heroin use disorder.

21 to 29 percent of patients given opioids use them wrong in some way. 4 to 6 percent switch from prescription opioids to the illegal drug heroin.

The opioid crisis affects women and men differently, For instance, women are more likely than men to become addicted. Women are also more likely to suffer chronic pain than men are. There are many situations in which women are to receive pain medicine. In cases of domestic abuse and rape, women are prescribed pain medicine more than men. Along with that, during pregnancy women may use prescription opioids to help with pregnancy pain, especially with post-pregnancy pain. The number of women that have died from opioid pain relievers has increased five times from what it was in 1999 in 2010. To help stop the spread of opioid abuse in women, it is advised that women are educated on the drugs that they are taking and the possible risk of addiction. Additionally, alternatives should always be used when possible in order to prevent addiction.

Bonnie J. Dunbar

Bonnie Jeanne Dunbar (born March 3, 1949) is an engineer and retired NASA astronaut. 

Dunbar was born in Sunnyside, Washington. She graduated from Sunnyside High School in. She went to University of Washington and received her undergraduate degree in ceramic engineering. She began her career as a system analyst at Boeing Computer Services. 

Dunbar became a payload officer/flight controller at the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center. She served as a guidance and navigation officer/flight controller. 

Loppi

Loppi () is a municipality in Kanta-Häme, Finland. As of 31 December 2020, the municipality had a population of 7,855. The municipalities next to it are Hyvinkää, Hämeenlinna, Janakkala, Karkkila, Riihimäki, Tammela and Vihti.

Loppi was founded in 1632.


Lammi

Lammi () is a former municipality in Kanta-Häme, Finland. In 2008, the municipality had a population of 5,507. Neighbouring municipalities were Asikkala, Hauho, Hausjärvi, Hämeenkoski, Janakkala, Kärkölä, Luopioinen, Padasjoki and Tuulos.

It was merged with Hämeenlinna in 2009.


Hauho

Hauho is a former municipality in Kanta-Häme, Finland. In 2008, the municipality had a population of 3,934. Neighbouring municipalities were Hattula, Hämeenlinna, Lammi, Luopioinen, Pälkäne and Tuulos. It was merged with Hämeenlinna in 2009.

It was founded in 1868.


Kalvola

Kalvola is a former municipality in Kanta-Häme, Finland. In 2003, the municipality had a population of 3,449. Neighbouring municipalities were Hattula, Kylmäkoski, Tammela, Toijala, Urjala and Valkeakoski.

It was merged with Hämeenlinna in 2009.


Renko

Renko () is a former municipality in Kanta-Häme, ​Finland. In 2008, the municipality had a population of 2,378. Neighbouring municipalities were Hattula, Hämeenlinna, Janakkala, Loppi and Tammela.

It was merged with Hämeenlinna in 2009.


Tuulos

Tuulos () is a former municipality in Kanta-Häme, Finland. In 2003, the municipality had a population of 1,536. Neighbouring municipalities were Hauho, Hämeenlinna, Janakkala and Lammi.

It was merged with Hämeenlinna in 2009.


Bus-la-Mésière

Bus-la-Mésière is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Buire-sur-l'Ancre

Buire-sur-l'Ancre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Gangi

Gangi is a "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in the Italian region of Sicily.

Collegno

Collegno is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

The King of Comedy (1983 movie)

The King of Comedy is a 1982/83 American black comedy movie directed by Martin Scorsese and starring Robert De Niro, Jerry Lewis, Sandra Bernhard, Diahnne Abbott, Shelley Hack, Margo Winkler, Kim Chan. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Illegal logging

Illegal logging is the name for different practices for the sale of timber in ways that break the laws of a country. This includes harvesting, which may be illegal and it includes the transport and sale of timber as well. It is an important problem to be solved. Illegal logging may include logging tree species which are protected by law, or logging them in places where it is forbidden. Illegal logging is a major factor in deforestation. It also threatens many species, because illegal logging may destroy their habitat.

It is estimated that illegal logging on public land alone causes US$10 billion in loss of assets and revenue annually. Good estimates show that more than half of the logging that is done globally is illegal. 

Illegal logging is a very big problem. It causes huge damage to forests, local communities, and the economies of many countries. The EU has implemented the European Union Timber Regulation as a way to stop the import of illegally sourced wood products. Scientists are finding new ways to find out where a tree came from.

Illegal logging leads to deforestation which leads to global warming. It also causes loss of biodiversity. Illegal logging encourages corruption and tax evasion. It also reduces the income small and large scale industries.

A Question of Silence

A Question of Silence () is a 1982 Dutch drama movie directed by first time director Marleen Gorris. It stars Edda Barends, Nelly Frijda, Henriëtte Tol, Cox Habbema, Eddie Brugman, Erik Plooyer, Hans Croiset.


Lavelanet

Lavelanet is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France.

Diseases of despair

People who experience despair often show a number of conditions, which have been called diseases of despair:


Deaths from these diseaes are sometimes called deaths of despair. 

The causes are not fully known, but people believe that worsening economic inequality, and feeling hopless because of not being able to earn enough money may be part of them. This can take manys forms: For example peole are told that certain products are important to have, but it turns out that these products are too expensive for them to buy. Also, losing a job, or generally working in areas where wages are low may contribute. 

Ceramic nanoparticle

Ceramic nanoparticle is a type of nanoparticle that is contained of ceramics, which are classified as inorganic, heat-resistant, nonmetallic solids that can be made of both metallic and nonmetallic compounds.

There are many properties of ceramic nanoparticles. Viz


The Luzhin Defence

The Luzhin Defence is a 2000 British French romantic drama movie directed by Marleen Gorris and starring John Turturro, Emily Watson, Geraldine James, Stuart Wilson, Christopher Thompson, Fabio Sartor. The screenplay was based on the 1930 novel "The Defense" by Vladimir Nabokov.

Voyagers (movie)

Voyagers is a 2021 American Czech Romanian British science fiction movie directed by Neil Burger and starring Tye Sheridan, Lily-Rose Depp, Fionn Whitehead, Colin Farrell, Chanté Adams, Isaac Hempstead Wright, Viveik Kalra, Quintessa Swindell, Madison Hu, Archie Renaux. It was distributed by Lionsgate.

Enneagram of Personality

The Enneagram of Personality is a typing system of nine connected types of personalities. 

Today, Enneagram theories are mostly from Oscar Ichazo from the 1950s and Claudio Naranjo from the 1970s. Older history of ideas associated with the Enneagram of Personality are not agreed on. 

The Enneagram of Personality is popular in business management and spirituality development using books and DVDs. In business it is used to find out into how employees can work together. In spirituality it is shown as a path to self-improvement and enlightenment. Both say it can aid in self-awareness and self-understanding.

The Enneagram mixes ideas usually accepted in the theory of personality but it has been sent away and called pseudoscience by some personality assessment experts.
The Enneagram is criticised for having no basis in scientific fact.

Bussu, Somme

Bussu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ferroelectricity

Ferroelectricity is a something some materials, usually crystals, do. Ferroelectricity is when a thing has a positive electric charge on one end and a negative charge on the other end, and these charges can switch places if the thing is placed in an electric field.

People make things that store energy out of ferroelectric materials. 

Bussus-Bussuel

Bussus-Bussuel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bussy-lès-Daours

Bussy-lès-Daours is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Bussy-lès-Poix

Bussy-lès-Poix is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cagny, Somme

Cagny is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Estourmel

Estourmel is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Cahon

Cahon is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cambron

Cambron is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

David W. Conde

David William Conde (デヴィッド・コンデ, "Dēvu~iddo konde", 1906-1981), also known as D・W・W・Conde (D・W・W・コンデ), is a Canadian-born American freelance journalist. 

David Conde was born in Ontario. He moved to the United States in the early 1920s and became an American citizen in 1932. In 1945, Conde worked for the U.S. State Department during the occupation of Japan as the head of the Motion Picture Department of Civil Information and Education Section. In late 1946 to early 1947, he covered the Tokyo War Crimes Trials. 

He was ultimately expelled from Japan by . In 1964, he returned to Tokyo as a regular for various periodicals, including the and . Several of his full-length books on Japanese, Korean, Chinese and Asian-American political policies have been published in Japanese. Most of his articles have appeared in English-language publications.

Shehu Ladan

Alhaji Shehu Ladan (21 September 1952 – 04 October 2011) was a Nigerian lawyer and was the Group Managing Director of NNPC.

Ladan had his early education at N.A Primary School Tudun Wada, Zaria before proceeding to Sheikh Sabah College (now Sardauna Memorial College) in Kaduna where he obtained his WASC.

He earned his bachelor (LLB) and masters (LLM) Law degrees at Ahmadu Bello University in Zaria. He also went to professional courses at Harvard Business School, Oxford University and University of Dundee.

Ladan served his National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) primary assignment in the State Ministry of Justice, Kano. He began his career as Staff Solicitor of the Federal Mortgage Bank of Nigeria. He later rose to Company Secretary/Legal Adviser Kaduna State Rural Electrification Board (REB) and Assistant Director Federal Legal Aid Council of Nigeria, Jos.

Ladan was appointed as Commissioner of Education in Kaduna state. He was also appointed as Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice in Kaduna state. During his tenure as education commissioner, he founded and established the Nuhu Bamalli Polytechnic Zaria (formerly Kaduna State Polytechnic). 

Ladan moved to the oil and gas industry in 1990. He held various positions in the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), rising to the position, Group General Manager of Human Resources in 2004. In 2006, he was appointed as the Deputy Managing Director/CEO of Nigerian Liquefied Natural Gas (NLNG) Shell, Total and Agip as shareholders. In October 2007, he was appointed Group Executive Director (GED) Commercial and Investment of NNPC. And in April 2010 he was appointed the Group Managing Director after a brief recess from the industry. However, barely forty days later he was relieved of office by president GEJ.

Armstrong and Miller

Armstrong and Miller are an English comedy double act consisting of the actor-comedians Alexander Armstrong and Ben Miller. They have performed in two "Armstrong and Miller" comedy shows on television, on the "Timeaghost" podcast, and in many individual television shows.

Toho Labor Dispute

The Toho Labor Dispute (東宝争議, "Tōhō sōgi") is a major worker strike at the Toho Movie Studio in Tokyo that lasted from 1946 to 1948. In particular, the third dispute in 1948 was a large-scale one when the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department and the United States Army, which were part in the occupation of Japan as a member of the Allied Forces, were dispatched to requisition the studio staffs. It is said to be the biggest labor dispute after the Pacific War. 
In early 1946, American journalist for the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers, David W. Conde, visits Japan and was concerned about radical groups who are planning to sabotage Japan's reconstruction policy. He was hastened about the formation of a labor union at the studio and also set up a union party on how to negotiate with the company. Back in December 1945, the Toho Employees' Union (subordinate union) was formed in Toho due to the postwar turmoil and the rise of the socialist movement. The subordinates also joined the All Japan Trade Union Conference and frequently went on strike.

The labor movement was booming at once, partly because the Japanese Communist Party members such as Tadashi Imai and Satsuo Yamamoto were enrolled during the war. And with a huge force of 90% of employees and 5,600 members, they began to confront the company. The first dispute began in March 1946, and the second in October of that same year. The first strike was relatively mild. But the second one allowed the company to approve various new agreements, such as restrictions on working hours, by the workers. Due to the strike and the turmoil of the new agreement, movie shooting were not easily, and Toho produced 18 films, which was half than other companies.

In November, Kazuo Hasegawa, Ranko Hanai and others agreed with Denjirō Ōkōchi, who said that he would not be able to use the strike, although he was against the strike. A big star formed the "Flag of Ten People" and left the union. Director Kunio Watanabe also withdrew from the union, and employees in the distribution department who were in conflict over the policy formed a second union and withdrew. In March 1947, they formed Shintoho, mainly by the members of the "Ten no Hana no Kai" and more than a hundred volunteers who left the union at the same time. Although it was difficult for Toho to operate soundly, the management team at that time dared to leave the group as the "first production department" and the group leaving the group as the "second production department" in order to avoid a direct confrontation with the huge subordinate group.

In addition, new young actors such as Toshiro Mifune and Hajime Izu refused to joined the studio and left to do some cast audition. They were called the "Toho New Face".

In December 1947, the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers issued an expulsion order to Toho, and the management team was replaced. President Katamaru Tanabe, was appointed as chairman, and the new president was invited from outside by Tetsuzō Watanabe, a former managing director of the Japan's Chamber of Commerce and Industry and a member of the House of Representatives.

Watanabe, who known as an "anti-communist" for some time, set up a hardliner as a director in charge of labor and a director of the studio, and on April 8, 1948, 270 employees of the Tokyo Dadeumi studio. Suddenly, the company fired him and his name was removed from the list. In addition, it announced a plan to dismiss 1,200 people to reduce personnel. 
On April 15, the followers entered the production control struggle, occupied the Tokyo Hibiki studio, placed materials and equipment under control, and made a barricade at the front entrance to prevent the police from enter the building. This marks the beginning of the Third Strike. On the other hand, the management side declared that the company will be closed on May 1 (which would latter celebrate as May Day). The subordinate group applied to the Tokyo District Court for a provisional disposition requesting the resumption of business of the company, but the company also applied for a provisional disposition requesting the release of possession and countered it. The following day, on the 14th, a court executive headed to the Shikkōkan Studio, but at this time, 800 members of the union members were denied admission.

The provisional disposition will be decided again on August 19, but before that, 2,500 workers stayed at the Hibiki Studio. Film directors such as Heinosuke Gosho, producers such as Akira Iwasaki and Takerô Itô, screenwriters like Yūsaku Yamagata, cinematographers like Yoshio Miyajima, and actresses like Setsuko Wakayama, Yoshiko Kuga, and Chieko Nakakita also participated. In front of the studio of each set, multiple large barrels filled with non-combustible paint were lined up, and a large fan for special effects equipped with a Zero fighter plane engine was brought out and installed on each barrel. When the police rushed in, the wind pressure used to blow gravel, glass fragments, and paint, which was actually used it. There was also a mechanism to drop a bag filled with pieces of wood and glass balls from the roof and windows.

A current-carrying trap was also set up. In the morning of the same day, Major General William C. Chase, commander of the 1st Cavalry Division of the U.S. Army, stationed at Camp Drake, a part of the Allied Forces that was engaged in Japan's occupation, sending 150 GI soldiers, armed with M1 carbines and 1 infantry vehicle unit. He led a platoon of six armored vehicles, three M4 medium tanks, and three aircraft to seized Camp Asaka. These units were US ground forces under the command of Lieutenant Henry F.T. Hoffman while Chase took command from the Air Force. At 8:30 AM on the same day, 2,000 troopers of the Metropolitan Police Reserve began to surrounded Dadeumi to assist in the execution of provisional disposition.

Getting on and off at the Seijogakuenmae Station and since the Odakyu Line was prohibited, the road leading to the Hibiki Photo Studio was blocked by protesters. At 9:30 AM, the chief of the Seijo police station (along with executive officer and the lawyer of the company's agency) boarded the US military truck and drove out of the station while being protected by a dozen police officers. Requested the acceptance of provisional disposition by the executive officer, they negotiated with the representative of the subordinate group. Around 10:30 AM, police reserve unit began to deploy at the front main gate of the Hibiki studio, followed by tanks. Film director Fumio Kamei put up a piece of paper to the reserve team in front of the main gate of the Tsuki Photo Studio, it read "Justice cannot be trampled by violence."

After that, the subordinates decided that it was impossible to resist by force because they were surrounded by the army, and held a staff meeting to accept provisional disposition. At 11:00 AM, 2,500 union members crossed their arms, sang "The Internationale" songs, left the studio, and withdrew to the Theater Institute. Subsequently, an executive officer entered the office and posted a notice of provisional disposition execution. At this time, the Toho Branch of the Nikkei Performance occupied the Toho Sales Department (cinema) in addition to the Toho Photo Studio. Businessman Tetsuzo Watanabe sought to break down the dispute from a commercial perspective, as the closure of the movie theater would directly affect the company's management.

Kunio Watanabe, the filmmaker of Toho, was sent to Toichi Mannen, the leader of the Foolish League, to ask him to strike a movie theater in Hibiya. Every day, Mannen attacked the movie theater with 50 to 100 subordinates, including "Komitsu" Mitsuya Kobayashi and "Shinjuku Emperor" Kano Mitsugu, and expelled the union members. He also demanded Toho for daily struggle costs, but did not receive a success fee. On October 18, Takero Ito and Yoshio Miyajima, the top executives of the union, met with President Watanabe and others. At this point, an agreement was reached to withdraw the dismissal of the remaining 250 union executives, in exchange for the voluntary departure of 20 union executives.

In addition, a large-scale freeze on personnel reduction was recognized, and the Third Toho Dispute was finally officially settled by the signing of a memorandum of understanding by the union and the company. In 1950, Toho dismissed 200 people whose dismissal was withdrawn due to Toho Dispute in the form of a red purge.

Since the February 1 General Strike, which was planned in 1947, was a large-scale labor dispute between government agencies, there was a tentative reason that GHQ / SCAP would be "contrary to the welfare of the people" in order to intervene. In addition, the cancellation method was a brute force but "peaceful" solution, in which the leader was made to broadcast the cancellation. However, despite the fact that this case was a labor dispute by a company, when he saw that he refused the provisional disposition of the court, he carried out a rough business of disbanding the labor movement by force.

At the time of the February strike, Commander-in-Chief Douglas MacArthur was very concerned about the eyes of the American people, as he intended to run for the presidential election the following year from the Republican Party. The Republican Party had a large support base for the labor union, and did not want to crack down on the Japanese labor movement and damage its reputation, so it did not move directly until the strike happen. Moreover, dispatching the army was nothing more than a matter of fact (except in the days of McCarthyism and the Red Scare, the Communist Party is legal in the United States, and the Communist Party of America exists as a political party. General MacArthur once put down the (alleging that they were being manipulated by the Communist Party) while serving in the National Guards.

However, MacArthur was defeated in the 1948 United States presidential election and was not elected as a candidate. From this time on, MacArthur did not have to worry about the eyes of the American people, and the Toho Dispute was forcibly died down at that time. In August 1948, the Soviet Union began setting up its forces around the Eastern Bloc due to the Berlin Airlift that ended Stalin's blockade policy and the United States, which cannot tolerate this communist activities by Russians, began setting up relationship with Japan in order to prevent this spread of communism. In any case, it was also an incident that showed that the GHQ / SCAP was no longer on the side of the communist-influenced labor movement.

The number of participants in the 4th Toho Dispute Strike was about 180 members at the Toho branch of the Japan Film Theater Labor Union (Nichiei) and 140 at the Hibiki studio, which is extremely compared to the 3rd Dispute. It lasted from May 17, 1950 to December 29, 1950, although it is not widely known because of its small number. Even after the end of the third strike in 1948, Toho continued to increase its popularity due to incongruity with internal factions and Shintoho, and its debt and other debts at the end of January 1950 were about ¥1.3 billion. It amounted to ¥150 million and there was an urgent need for new personnel reductions.

On May 17, 1950, the company announced a notice of personnel reduction for 300 people. The target of the arrangement was mainly the Japan's Motion Picture and Theatrical Worker's Union (JMTW), but in addition to that, the members of the National Film Theater Labor Union (All Screening Performance), which was born by splitting from the Nikkei Performance, are also targeted. Has become For this reason, the 4th Toho Dispute was led by the Japan Film Theater Labor Union (Nichiei), which is greatly affected by personnel reductions.

On May 24, Daiei and Shochiku studios also resolved to collaborate with the Niei Performance & Toho Photography Studio Branch. On May 25, director Kōzaburō Yoshimura also showed an opposition to the decapitation. On May 26, Isuzu Yamada announced that she would join the Japan Film Theater Labor Union (Nikkei). Support has expanded, with the Directors Guild of Japan and the Scenario Writers Association taking a non-cooperative attitude toward film production on the Toho Company side.

The full-scale performance that issued the strike order on June 2, but was canceled on June 3 until June 16. On the other hand, Nikkei, which has led the dispute, applied to the Tokyo District Court for provisional disposition of dismissal invalid status protection on June 25, and on August 10, a recommendation was issued by the Tokyo District Court and the memorandum of understanding was made at the Tokyo District Court on May 28. On December 29, a tentative signing was made at the Japanese company, ending the dispute. Kinuta Productions, which produced the feature film "Haha Nareba Onna", directed by Fumio Kamei and starring Isuzu Yamada in 1952, was paid to Nikkei for the settlement of the 4th Toho Dispute. Of course it is said that it was established with a capital of ¥2 million.

Dendropsophus reticulatus

The reticulated tree frog ("Dendropsophus reticulatus") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador and Colombia. Scientists have seen this frog between 40 and 1037 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 20 to 29.6 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 28 to 39.7 mm long. The males sing for females near temporary or permanent bodies of water. The females lay eggs all year. They lay eggs on the tops of leaves about 30 cm over the water. When the tadpoles hatch, they fall into the water.

Morrison Foerster

Morrison & Foerster LLP (also known as MoFo) is an international law firm with 17 offices located throughout the United States, Asia, and Europe. The company has over 1,000 lawyers who advise clients across a range of industries and practices, including intellectual property, patent litigation, corporate/M&A, business restructuring, and securities.

K&amp;L Gates

K&L Gates LLP is an AmLaw 100 law firm based in the United States, with international offices in Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, and South America. Its namesake firms are Kirkpatrick & Lockhart, a Pittsburgh-based firm founded as Kirkpatrick, Pomeroy, Lockhart & Johnson in 1946, and Preston Gates & Ellis, a Seattle firm founded in 1883 whose prominent partners included William H. Gates, Sr., the attorney, philanthropist, and father of Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates. Kirkpatrick & Lockhart merged with Preston Gates in 2007 to form K&L Gates, LLP.

Morgan Lewis Bockius

Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP, (known as Morgan Lewis), is a global law firm with approximately 2,200 legal professionals in 31 offices across North America, Europe, Asia, and the Middle East. Mergers with other law firms stimulated global growth and led to a ranking of eighth on American Lawyer's 2018 top 100 firms by gross revenue list. It is also the largest law firm chaired by a woman, and represents "three-quarters of the Fortune 100 companies." The firm has served as tax Counsel to former US President Donald Trump, and the Trump Organization, since 2005. Morgan Lewis is known for high-profile pro bono representations and for filing a historic "amicus" brief in the US Supreme Court in 2015 on behalf of 379 companies, stating a business case for legalizing same-sex marriage across the country.

Ox (GS band)

Ox (オックス, "Okkusu") is a Japanese GS band formed in 1968 to 1971. They were well known with their albums and songs, but they changed members throughout the late 1960s and early 70s.

The band was created in November 1967, led by Toshio Fukui and Yuji Iwata, who were former members of The Kings (ザ・キングス), another GS band. Members were Toshio Fukui and Yuji Iwata, as well members from other music shops such as Shiro Okada and Norio Sugiyama at the McCoys, Ai Akamatsu at Hataris, and Atsushi Kuriyama at Sanders. On December 1, the group will take the first stage at "Number Ichiban" in Osaka. Hideto Noguchi, who was enrolled in the backbone at the time of formation, officially joined the group on December 28.

In January 1968, Norio Sugiyama and Atsushi Kuriyama left the group to pursuit their job career, but they still played an active role in the Kansai performance of the Swedish instrumental band "The Spotnicks" who had came to Japan in January. The Ox's "Goodbye Performance", which was decided to move to Tokyo on March 17, was so popular in Kansai that it was held at a club in . After moving to Tokyo, they were camp at the 2DK apartment in Shibuya.

Before their debut, the group performed at a jazz cafe in Tokyo. With the performance of them falling off the stage and fainting because they were o enthusiastic during the show, it quickly became popular, especially fan girls. In May 1968, they made their record debut with "Girlfriend" (6th on the ). The group became poplar as Hideto Noguchi's sweet singing voice (who had joined the band in January) and Ai Akamatsu's fairy tale atmosphere attracted many girls and their popularity soared. Later, they released their many hit songs such as "Dancing Seventeen" (28th on the Oricon chart), "Tears of Swan" (7th on the Oricon chart) and "I'm On Fire" (18th on the Oricon chart) were skipped one after another, becoming a super popular group alongside and .

The use as a concert venue was often refused by theaters and local governments due to protests by the PTA and the Jijoren, as well as by the media and the educational community. (Ai Akamatsu later revealed that his fainting was just acting. Ai Akamatsu then suddenly disappeared on May 5, 1969, and after appeared a month latter, he left the band after getting a call from a music distributor. To find a new replacement, Hideto and Toshio meet Yûsuke Natsu (later became a TV and film actor) and he joined the band who was planning to participate in the formation of another GS band, Olive, on May 10, but the GS gere was already sluggish around this time, and the popularity of Ox was beginning to fade. On May 31, 1971, when the GS boom came to an end, they perforce their last concert the at Ikebukuro's jazz cafe "ACB" and was finally disbanded in mid-1971.




Televisions:
Movies:

Daphne and the Pirate

Daphne and the Pirate is a 1916 American silent adventure drama movie directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Lillian Gish, Elliott Dexter, Walter Long, Howard Gaye, Lucille Young, Richard Cummings, Jack Cosgrave, Joseph Singleton, George C. Pearce, W. E. Lawrence, Pearl Elmore, Jewel Carmen. It was distributed by Triangle Film Corporation.

Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation

Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation is the oil producing corporation which the federal government of Nigeria regulates and participates in the country's petroleum industry. The NNPC business operations are managed and own through Strategic Business and Corporate Services Units in diverse locations across Nigeria.

NNPC was founded on 1st April 1977 as a merger of the Nigerian National Oil Corporation and the Federal Ministry of Petroleum and Energy Resources. Nigerian government conducts petroleum exploration and production.

In December 2021, the Federal Government of Nigeria and the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) Ltd signed a N621 billion Memorandum of Understanding to finance the construction of critical road infrastructure in Nigeria.

Mele Kyari

Mele Kolo Kyari (born 8 January 1965) is a Nigerian petroleum geologist, crude oil marketer and the 19th Group Managing Director (GMD) of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation ( NNPC). He was previously the Group General Manager, Crude Oil Marketing Division of the NNPC and the Nigerian National Representative at the OPEC.

Kyari attended Government Community Secondary School Biu in Borno State. He holds bachelor of science (BSc) in geology and earth science from the University of Maiduguri.

Kyari was appointed by the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari as the 19th GMD of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation. He began his career with the Department of Geological Survey of Nigeria as Field Geologist. He later joined NNPC Processing Geophysicist with Integrated Data Services Limited.

City Hall (1996 movie)

City Hall is a 1996 American suspense drama film directed by Harold Becker and starring Al Pacino, John Cusack, Bridget Fonda and Danny Aiello. It is a bout a fictional mayor of New York City after a police detective, a mafia man, and a child are all shot and killed at the same time.

Les McKeown

Leslie Richard McKeown (12 November 195520 April 2021) was a Scottish pop singer. He was the lead singer of the Bay City Rollers during the 1970s.

McKeown was born in Broomhouse, Edinburgh, on 12 November 1955. 

McKeown died at his home on 20 April 2021, aged 65.



African Development Bank

The African Development Bank Group (AfDB or ADB) or Banque Africaine de Développement (BAD) is a multilateral development finance institution that was founded in 1964 and comprises three entities: The African Development Bank, the African Development Fund and the Nigeria Trust Fund. It mission is to combat poverty and improve living conditions on the continent through promoting and uplifting the investment of public and private capital in projects and programs that will contribute to the economic and social development of the region. It has headquartered in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire, the bank's headquarters moved to Tunis, Tunisia, in 2003.

Akinwumi Adesina

Akinwumi "Akin" Adesina is a Nigerian agricultural economist and the President of the African Development Bank. He served as Nigeria's Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development. Before then, he was the Vice President of Policy and Partnerships for the Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa (AGRA).

Adesina attended a village school and holds bachelor's degree in Agricultural Economics with First Class Honors from the University of Ife, Nigeria. He proceeded his studies at Purdue University in Indiana. He obtained his PhD (Agricultural Economics) from Purdue.

Innichen

Innichen () is a "comune" in the province of South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.

Sexten

Sexten () is a "comune" in the province of South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.

Camon, Somme

Camon is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Canaples

Canaples is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cannessières

Cannessières is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Batopilas Municipality

Batopilas is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat is Batopilas. The municipality covers an area of 2,064.6 km².

In 2010, the municipality had a total population of 14,362.

Cantigny, Somme

Cantigny is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Caours

Caours is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cappy, Somme

Cappy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ant McPartlin

Anthony David "Ant" McPartlin (born 18 November 1975) is an English television presenter and producer, former singer, comedian and actor. He is best known for working alongside Declan Donnelly as part of the presenting duo Ant & Dec. McPartlin came to prominence, alongside Donnelly, in the children's drama series "Byker Grove", with both of the boys establishing successful careers as television presenters, in which they are most known for presenting "SMTV Live" (between 1998 and 2001), "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!" and "Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway" (since 2002), and "Britain's Got Talent" (since 2007).

Other notable highlights of McPartlin's career alongside Donnelly include presenting "PokerFace", "Push the Button", "Pop Idol", and "Red or Black?" being hosts of charity appeal "Text Santa" (between 2011 and 2014), and also performing as pop music duo PJ & Duncan.
Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa

Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa (AGRA) is an organization that works in Africa to teach people to farm. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and Rockefeller Foundation pay for it. The governments of the United Kingdom, United States and Germany also gave money. AGRA started in 2006 with one billion U.S. dollars.

According to one study, AGRA actually made things worse for farmers in Africa. AGRA gave loans to farmers so they could buy fertilizer, but the farmers could not pay back the loans. AGRA also told people to grow corn (maize), which meant fewer farmers grew traditional African crops. The African crops were stronger against times with less rain than usual. AGRA also asked African governments to pass laws that made things easier for corporations and seed producers, which were bad for small farmers.


Children's Tumor Foundation

The Children's Tumor Foundation (CTF) is a 501(c)(3) foundation that dedicate to improve the health and well-being of individuals and families affected by neurofibromatosis (NF). They have four-part mission includes propelling drug research and development through a series of strategic investments, strengthening patient support, increasing public awareness of NF and establishing best practices in clinical care for affected individuals.

Broomhouse, Edinburgh

Broomhouse is a district of Edinburgh, Scotland. Although on the lands of Old Saughton, its name is adopted from an estate which lay to the north of the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway. The earliest recorded versions of the name (c.1600) were variations on Brum(e)hous. It mainly comprises a low-rise council housing estate built between 1947 and 1950. It borders on Parkhead, Sighthill, and Saughton Mains. The arterial route of Calder Road (A71) passes to the south.

Cleo TV

Cleo TV (stylized as CLEO) is an American cable television network. The network serves young millennial and Generation X African American women, and serves as a complement to TV One. It was launched on January 19, 2019.

Tam Paton

Thomas Dougal "Tam" Paton (5 August 1938 – 8 April 2009) was a pop group manager, most notably of the Scottish boy band the Bay City Rollers.

Prestonpans

Prestonpans is a small fishing town, situated approximately eight miles east of Edinburgh, Scotland, in the unitary council area of East Lothian. The population as of 2016 is 10,410. It is near the site of the 1745 Battle of Prestonpans (first called the Battle of Gladsmuir, then renamed the Battle of Tranent, and later still renamed the Battle of Prestonpans - although evidence shows the battle occurred a few miles outside of town). The town, established in the 11th century, has a variety of important historical architecture, including: Preston Tower and the doocot and the local Mercat Cross, which is the only one of its kind in Scotland which remains in its original form and location. Prestonpans is "Scotland's Mural Town", with many murals depicting local history.

Battle of Prestonpans

The Battle of Prestonpans, also known as the Battle of Gladsmuir, was fought on 21 September 1745, near Prestonpans, in East Lothian. It was the first significant engagement of the Jacobite rising of 1745, which is sometimes viewed as a subsidiary conflict of the War of the Austrian Succession.

Bacha bazi

Bacha bāzī (, lit. "boy play"; from "bacheh", "boy", and "bazi" "play, game") is a form of child prostitution. "Bacha bazi" is child rape. It is still commonly practiced in Afghanistan and other Islamic countries. It was common in central Asia until the start of the 20th century. It is still practices in some parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan In the 21st century, "Bacha bazi is still" practiced in parts of Afghanistan and other Islamic countries. Northwestern Pakistan. There are different forms, but generally, it always involves rape and pedophilia. Apologist pesophiles state that it commonly only involves a boy dancing while wearing women's clothes. The boy also playfully caresses the men he is dancing for. Sexual acts are common. It is also common that force is used to make the boy do things he doesn't want to do. Security officials state they are unable to end such practices because many of the men involved in "bacha bazi"-related activities are powerful and well-armed warlords. As of the 2020s, despite international concern and its illegality, the practice continues.

Bachas should be between twelve and sixteen years old. Using younger boys is seen as a sin. Older boys, which may start growing a beard, may appear ugly. If men have sexual relationships with bachis, they are not seen as homosexuals. Commonly the father will recommend his boy to a group of male friends. The other option is that the father agrees to give his son to a male suitor. This way, the father actis like a pimp. This also protects his son if there's an argument among the group of men. Another form comes from the sourroundings: many famlilies were poor farmers, who had debt. The boy was given as a deposit to pay off some of the debt.

Pluto TV

Pluto TV is a video streaming service. It is owned and operated by the Paramount Streaming division of Paramount Global. The company was founded by Tom Ryan, Ilya Pozin and Nick Grouf in 2013. It is based in Los Angeles, California. Pluto provides its services in the United States, parts of the rest of the Americas and Europe. It offers programming in a way that is similar to traditional broadcast programming. The service earns money from advertisements seen during programming. These ads are seen in ad breaks similar to those on conventional television.

David H Gutmann

David Hillel Gutmann is an American neurologist. He lectures at Washington University in St. Louis.

O-Town

O-Town (also known as OTWN/OTOWN) is an American boy band formed from the first season of the reality television series Making the Band in 2000. As of 2015 the group consisted of Erik-Michael Estrada, Trevor Penick, Jacob Underwood, and Dan Miller. The line up also included Ashley Parker Angel. Ikaika Kahoano was originally part of the band but was replaced by Miller after dropping out of the group.

Xumo

Xumo is an American internet television service owned by telecommunications conglomerate Comcast. It was Founded in 2011 as a joint venture between the Viant Technology subsidiary of Meredith Corporation and Panasonic.

World Food Prize

The World Food Prize is an international award to recognize the achievements of individual(s) who have advanced and high human development by improving the quality, quantity, or availability of food in the world.

Troon

Troon is a town in South Ayrshire, situated on the west coast of Ayrshire in Scotland, about 8 miles (13 km) north of Ayr and 3 miles (5 km) northwest of Glasgow Prestwick Airport.

Vauxhall Cavalier

The Vauxhall Cavalier was a large family car. It was sold mostly in the United Kingdom by Vauxhall Motors from 1975 to 1995. It was based on a succession of Opel designs throughout its production life, during which it was built in three incarnations. The first generation of Cavalier, launched in 1975 and produced until 1981, was based on the existing Opel Ascona and Opel Manta with a few minor visual differences.

Youm-e-Istehsal

Youm-e-Istehsal "(The Day of Exploitation or Kashmir Seize Day)" is a Black Day to commemorate the 4th Anniversary 5th day of August, since 2019 of continued Suppression and Illegal Military Occupation and degrading the status of IIOJK and unjust absorption of the Disputed Territory of Indian-Held Jammu & Kashmir government, a direct protest to New Delhi's Presidential Rule.

Tsotsi

Tsotsi is a 2005 South African British crime drama movie directed by Gavin Hood and was based on the novel of the same name by Athol Fugard. It stars Presley Chweneyagae, Mothusi Magano, Kenneth Nkosi, Zenzo Ngqobe, Jerry Mofokeng, Terry Pheto and won an Academy Award in 2006.


Facebook Messenger

Facebook Messenger is an American messaging app and platform developed by Meta, Inc. 

It was originally developed as Facebook Chat in 2008. The company revamped its messaging service in 2010. It released standalone iOS and Android apps in August 2011 and standalone Facebook Portal hardware for Messenger-based calling in the fourth quarter of 2018. Later on, Facebook launched a dedicated website interface (Messenger.com), and separated the messaging functionality from the main Facebook app. This allows users to use the web interface or download one of the standalone apps.

In April 2020, Facebook officially released Messenger for Desktop. It is supported on Windows 10 and macOS and distributed on Microsoft Store and App Store respectively. 

Collective (2019 movie)

Collective (, also known as Collective: Unravelling a Scandal) is a 2019 Romanian Luxembourgian German documentary movie directed by Alexander Nanau. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 2021.

Jeep Grand Cherokee

The Jeep Grand Cherokee is a range of mid-size SUVs produced by the American manufacturer Jeep. While some other SUVs were manufactured with body-on-frame construction, the Jeep Grand Cherokee has always used a unibody chassis.

The Carnabeats

The Carnabeats (ザ・カーナビーツ, "Za kānabītsu") is a Group Sound band formed in 1967. Their hit single was a Japanese version of "I Love You" (a song cover from The Zombies), debut on June 1, 1967. The group would later dissolved on September 1969.

In January 1967, 16 year old high school student Ai Takano left the Freelancers (フリーランサーズ, "Furīransāzu"), a vocal group he had belonged to, and immediately invited former Swing West rhythm guitarist Jiro Kitamura and his fellow member of Freelancers Hiroshi Koshikawa to form a new band. Koshikawa was in Nagoya. Keikichi Usui, who has been an ally since the jazz cafe "Grand Canyon" era, and Tadao Oka, who was also a member of the Sounds West in Nagoya, were welcomed and they were patronizing the restaurant in Kamata, Ota-ku. With the full backing of former bandman Masahiro Miike, who is the owner of "80", he started his career under the name of Robin Hood (ロビンフッド, "Robin fuddo").

Eventually, the group passed the audition held at JVC, the publisher of Philips Records. The original single "I Love You" (released in 1965) by the British band The Zombies played at this time was successfully arranged by them, and producer Kazushi Honjo immediately translated the English-American pop songs. They asked Kenji Sazanami, a songwriter and lyricist, to translate it into Japanese, and their first debut single "Sukisa Sukisa Sukisa" (好きさ好きさ好きさ, "I Love You I Love I Love You") became a popular hit.

At the time of their first music debut, they changed their name to The Carnabeats by Rumiko Hoshika, the editor-in-chief of Music Life, and the agency will be Robin's Plan, which would later be launched for them. In June 1967, The Carnabeats made another album with The Jaguars, who belongs to the same recording company as an idol of the catchphrase, The Carnabeat's Sound Age. In their first debut single "Sukisa Sukisa Sukisa" Takano, who sings very passionately, sticks out his drumsticks and screams "All of you", which captivates female fans and immediately the song became a massive success.

With the popularity of other electric bands such as The Spiders, The Tigers, The Blue Comets, and The Jaguars, who had already debuted their albums, the song blockbuster was one of the catalysts for the GS boom. Takano's singing voice grabbed the hearts of the fans and the group had release another hit single "Let's Love Jenny", released in September 1967. In addition, Usui, who was in charge of Japanese translation from the recommendation of Rumiko Hoshika, sings energeticly in "You Are Crazy About You" on side B. The groups's third single released in October is "Okay!", which is a cover song of Dave Dee, Dozy, Beaky, Mick & Tich, and Paul Anka's hit song "Crazy Love" on the B side. By using the fuzz audio, it is finished in an arrangement like The Carnabeats did so. The band produced many rock-like sound with Kitamura and all the members feeling close to Western rock'n roll music.

They showed a different look with a another song, "Don't Cry", released in February 1968. This album is a ballad by the combination of two songwriters Jun Hashimoto and Koichi Sugiyama, and it is a song that mixes the sadly singing Takano and the chorus members. Ten days later, they released "Cutie Morning Moon," which was recorded with British musician Gary Walker, a drummer of The Walker Brothers (UK), who was as popular as The Beatles in Japan. This song was written by Scott Walker, and the performance and chorus were recorded from the night of January 9, when the recording was made, to the dawn. The song title was decided to change from "The Shadow Of The Moon That Remains Faintly In The Sky" to "Cutie Morning Moon", and the composition was composed by producer Honjo, the composer of "Let's love Jenny". It was also put in charge under the name of Rinji Motoo.

Their sixth single "Love In Search", released in May was the first solo for Usui on side A, and was written by Kōhan Kawauchi, who is known as the original creator of "Moonlight Mask", and this song was written by The Spiders. They brought it to Victor Records, but it went to The Carnabeats, which belongs to the same music distributor, Philips Records. This year, the band participated in the Nikkei Western Carnival in as guest performances, appeared in multiple movies and tv shows, released the LP "The Carnabeats First Album", acted as an image character for Fujiya and Pepsi Cola commercials, and their tour from June in Tokyo and Osaka. Their strong performance such as holding a one-man show continued, and their single "Um Um Um" was released in August.

However, the GS boom peaked in 1968 and began to died down with upcoming rhythm and blues, hard and soft rock, funk, and disco during the early 1970s. The next single "My Baby" was released in October, and even with Takano's singing reminiscent of the early singles, it did not become a hit. On March 1969, the Beatles' "Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da", which is famous for its marmalade rhythm, was released with the translation of Kenji Sazanami for the first time. However, in April, vocalist Usui left the group, and Paul Okada, who was in another GS, joined them. The song they released was "Teltel Heaven".

In contrast to the A-side, which is a cover song, the B-side, with the Latin song "Midnight Lovers" composed by Takashi Miki, tried to revive with a sound that was ahead of the trend, but the decline of the GS boom could not be stopped anymore, and the same year. Kitamura and Oka left the group in September, and Kyoichi Saiga and Rie joined, but they eventually disbanded. After the band ended, Ai Takano joined The Golden Cups as a drummer in January 1970.


Singles


Televisions:

Movies

Harold Conway

Harold S. Conway (ハロルド・コンウェイ "Harorudo Conuei", May 24, 1911 - December 19, 1996) was an American tax advisor and actor. He appeared frequently in Japanese movies and television between the 1950s and 1970s. He was one of a trio of foreign actors appearing frequently in Toho's Showa era productions, along with Andrew Hughes and Osman Yusuf. Delivering his lines in both English and Japanese, he was perhaps best recognized for his role as Dr. Immelman in "The Mysterians", a part which he reprised for the movie's 1959 sequel, "Battle in Outer Space". Conway acted in his last known role in 1975's "I Am a Cat", and died sometime during 1996.

A tax accountant living in Japan who somehow managed to play in multiple movies over a span of 20 years, speaking both English and Japanese as the occasion required. He is best remembered in Japan for his role in "The Mysterians" (1957) as Dr. Immelman, the creator of the Markalite FAHPs used against the titular aliens; apparently his Japanese in that role, delivered with the appropriate theatricality, was considered impressive for a non-Japanese speaking actor.

Conway appeared with other English-speaking actors in scenes filmed for "Godzilla vs. the Thing" (1964) that were not included in the original Japanese version, but "were" shown in other English-speaking markets.

Suryavarman II

Suryavarman II was the son of king Ajatbahu and Queen Anjalika. He ruled the Khmer Empire. He lived in a place that is Cambodia today. Suryavarman II is also called Angkorrakshak.

According to Book Prithviraj Raso, Delhi Emperor king Prithviraj Chauhan had visited Angkor and married his daughter.

Osman Yusuf

Osman Yusuf (オスマン・ユセフ "Osuman Yusefu", May 23, 1920 - August 29, 1982), also credited under a variety of other names, was a Turkish actor who appeared frequently in Japanese films and television.

Characterized by his large stature and tendency to wear dark in many of his roles, Yusuf was born in the Ottoman Empire in 1920 and moved to Japan prior to World War II, earning permanent residence. As a foreigner fluent in Japanese, Yusuf became a valuable supporting actor in Japanese productions. Yusuf also worked as an interpreter for Toho along with fellow actor . Yusuf's younger brother, Omar "Turk" Yusuf, was also a professional wrestler and actor in Japan. Osman Yusuf died on August 29, 1982, at the age of 62.

Turkish born actor living in Japan. Yusef was somewhat fluent in Japanese, which made him a hot commodity for films that required actors of Western appearance that could convincingly interact with Japanese co-stars. Yusef also served as a translator between actors of different nationalities, along with fellow actor , who also spoke English. Yusef’s hooded eyes and broad physique led to his casting in intrepid or officials roles, such as astronauts and submarine officers. He also had a notable appearance as one of ’s henchmen in "" (1961). He, along with fellow English-speaking actor Harold Conway, appeared in scenes filmed for "" (1964) that were only shown outside of Japan.

Nomadland (movie)

Nomadland is a 2020 American drama movie written, edited, produced, and directed by Chloé Zhao. It stars Frances McDormand and David Strathairn. It is based on the 2017 non-fiction book "Nomadland: Surviving America in the Twenty-First Century" by Jessica Bruder.

"Nomadland" premiered on September 11, 2020. It had a one-week streaming limited release on December 4, 2020, and was released by Searchlight Pictures in selected IMAX theaters in the United States on January 29, 2021. It was released on Hulu, on February 19, 2021.

The movie had strong positive reviews, with it becoming the highest rated movie of 2020. 

It earned six nominations at the 93rd Academy Awards, winning Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Actress for McDormand. 

Chloé Zhao

Chloé Zhao (, born March 31, 1982) is a Chinese filmmaker. She is known for her movie "Nomadland" (2020), winning a Golden Globe Award, BAFTA Award and Academy Award for Best Director—making Zhao the second woman and first Asian woman to win the category at each awards body

Youn Yuh-jung

Youn Yuh-jung (; born June 19, 1947) is a South Korean actress. She has starred in many well-known South Korean television series and movies. She became well known internationally for her role as Soon-ja in "Minari" (2020). She won a Screen Actors Guild Award, BAFTA Award and an Academy Award.

KRI Nanggala (402)

KRI "Nanggala" (402), also known as Nanggala II, was one of two Type 209/1300 diesel-electric attack submarines of the Indonesian Navy. In April 2021, the vessel sank in the Bali Sea and all 53 personnel were killed. 

"Nanggala" was declared missing on , hours after losing contact with surface personnel while it was underwater. It was in the middle of a torpedo drill in waters north of Bali and had fired a live SUT torpedo before it went missing. 

Three days later, on 24 April 2021, debris from the submarine was found on the surface, and the Indonesian Navy declared "Nanggala" as sunk. The next day, scans positively identified the remains of "Nanggala", and the loss of all 53 crew members on board was confirmed.

First Secretary of the Communist Party of Cuba

The First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba () is the "de facto" leader of Cuba. The First Secretary is the highest office within the Communist Party of Cuba as well as ranking first in the Politburo, the highest decision-making body in Cuba, which makes the office holder the most powerful person in the Cuban government. 

European Super League

European Super League may refer to:



Ingenuity (helicopter)

Ingenuity is a small robotic solar helicopter operating on Mars as part of NASA's Mars 2020 mission. On 19 April 2021, it successfully completed the first powered controlled flight by an aircraft on a planet besides Earth, taking off vertically, hovering and landing.

In January 2024, Ingenuity had retired after it got damaged. It made 72 flights.

The Whistlers (movie)

The Whistlers () is a 2019 Romanian French German Swiss Swedish crime thriller movie directed by Corneliu Porumboiu. It stars Vlad Ivanov, Catrinel Marlon, Agustí Villaronga.

Myraida Chaves

Myraida Chaves (12 March 1960 - 22 April 2021) was a Puerto Rican actress, producer and television host and director of the Centro de Bellas Artes de Caguas. Among the television shows she hosted was Juventud 83.

Chaves was the daughter of actress Awilda Carbia.

Chaves died from cancer on 22 April 2021, aged 61.

Noboru Kaji

Noboru Kaji (鍛冶昇, "Kaiji Noboru", August 16, 1931 {age 89} - ) is Japanese television director, film director and producer. He was born in Kuwana City, Mie Prefecture and is a members of the Directors Guild of Japan and the All Nippon Producers Association of Japan.

Kaji graduated from Keio University, Department of French Studies in 1945. After joining the assistant director department of Nikkei Photo Studio, he mainly worked as an assistant director for Eisuke Takizawa, Kon Ichikawa, and Buichi Saito. In 1965, he made his directorial debut in the TV film "Beyond the Mountains". Kaji became director in 1966 with his first film debut, "Miss Oyuki". In 1969, Kaji became left Nikkatsu and joined variety of television studios.


Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends: Imagination Invaders

Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends: Imagination Invaders is a video game based on the animated television series of the same name. The game was published by Midway Games, and released for the Nintendo DS in November 2007

In this game based on the episode "Make Believe It or Not" where Goo imagines the Evil Space Nut-Boogies, the player controls Bloo using the buttons on the Nintendo DS console. Bloo can jump and fire spit wads from a straw. The main objective of the game is to rescue Madame Foster who has been kidnapped by Space Nut Boogies. To do this the player must earn the cooperation of different characters from the television series by performing tasks for them in order to gain their help. Throughout the game the player must also find eggs laid by Coco which contain Coco cards. Coco cards allow players to view pictures they collect in their scrap book, which can be viewed from the pause screen. The gameplay is not similar to its prequel, as it is in 3-D.


play.com

game.co.uk

Frantic (movie)

Frantic is a 1988 French American mystery thriller movie directed by Roman Polanski (who also stars) and starring Harrison Ford, Emmanuelle Seigner, Betty Buckley, Dominique Pinon, Yves Réiner, John Mahoney. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was a box office disappiontment.


Florist's daisy

The Florist's daisy or the Hardy Garden Mum, "(Chrysanthemum morifolium)" or in (China Juhua) is a species of perennial plant from family Asteraceae. In Japan, Pink chrysanthemums are especially loved because they symbolize the emperor and the Imperial family. Pink chrysanthemums also represent longevity. Pink flowers, in general, carry feelings of gentle affection, attraction, and romance, making them a great choice for a first date or a new love.

Diospyros kaki

The Japanese persimmon or Kaki persimmon "(Diospyros kaki)" (Japanese:カキノキ) (Kanji:柿) this is the well known Sharon fruit, juicy and sweet when ripe and an excellent food source for birds during winter as the tree holds the fruits on the branches for a long time. An elegant, ornamental tree with beautiful, leathery foliage that turns a vibrant orange during autumn. Its fragrant, tiny bell-shaped, yellow flowers appear among the large, leathery leaves in May. It starts to produce fruit from around the age of 6, it is a highly popular non-astringent variety and dioecious tree with a spreading crown clothed in glossy, dark green, oval leaves. They turn yellow, orange or reddish-purple in the fall, creating a glorious display. Pale yellow, bell-shaped flowers appear after the leaves emerge in the spring and mostly go unnoticed. They are followed by a profusion of edible, large, flat, deep orange persimmon fruits, the size of a medium-sized tomato. Fuyu sets fruit without the need for pollination. The tree is a sight to behold when the leaves have fallen, displaying the bright fruits throughout the canopy. They attract wildlife and may persist on the tree for weeks, resembling Christmas ornaments. The fruit is seedless, mild flavoured, sweet and can be eaten in its firm state like an apple or allowed to ripen to soft, mushy texture. Valued for its fruit and attraction to wildlife, Japanese Persimmon is an excellent fruit tree for ornamental use and makes an excellent specimen.

All Progressives Congress

The All Progressives Congress is a strong political party in Nigeria. It is the incumbent political power in Nigeria. It was founded on 6 February 2013.

APC was formed in February 2013. It is the amalgamation of three political parties – the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN), the Congress for Progressive Change (CPC), the All Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP), a faction of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) and the new PDP - a faction of then opposition party People's Democratic Party.

Bavaria-Ingolstadt

Bavaria-Ingolstadt ( or "") was a duchy that lasted from 1392–1447. 

Bavaria-Ingolstadt is divided into these towns:

Southern Bavaria:


Eastern Bavaria:


Northern Bavaria:


Ahmed Lawan

Ahmed Ibrahim Lawan (born 12 January 1959) is a Nigerian politician and the 9th President of the Senate of Nigeria. He represents Yobe North Constituency of Yobe State under the All Progressives Congress (APC).

Lawan holds a bachelor's degree in Geography from the University of Maiduguri, a postgraduate diploma degree in Land Surveying from the Ahmadu Bello University, a master's degree in Remote Sensing from the Ahmadu Bello University and a Doctorate degree in Remote Sensing/GIS from Cranfield University.

GISAID

GISAID is open-access to genetic data of influenza viruses, and the coronavirus responsible for the COVID-19 pandemic.

On January 10, 2020, the first whole-genome sequences of SARS-CoV-2 were made available on GISAID. This enabled global responses to the pandemic. There was the first vaccines, and diagnostic tests, to detect SARS-CoV-2. GISAID helps watch for the emergence of new COVID-19 viral strains across the planet.

Its establishment was an alternative to sharing avian influenza data by conventional public-domain archives. GISAID has given rapid exchange of outbreak data during the H1N1 pandemic in 2009, the H7N9 epidemic in 2013, and the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020.

GISAID was recognized for its importance to world health by G20 health ministers in 2017, and in 2020 the World Health Organization chief scientist called the data-science initiative "a game changer".

Tiangong space station

The Tiangong space station is a space station in Low Earth orbit. The space station belongs to China's space program. As of 2024, the space station has astronauts.
It will be made up of several modules (parts) that need to be put together in space. The first module is called Tianhe. It was launched on 28 April 2021. It will take about 11 total launches to build the station. It is the third station by China, after Tiangong-1 and Tiangong-2.

"Tiangong" means "sky palace".

The station will be built from several parts. These are shown in the diagram below.
China plans to do a number of experiments on the station. Other nations will also use the space station. These include Italy which has made a long-term agreement with China to work together on spaceflight. The University of Oslo in Norway is going to use the station for cancer research.


All dates are UTC and may change.

New Hampshire's 1st congressional district

New Hampshire's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. Democrat Chris Pappas is the representative since elected in 2018. It contains contains parts of Hillsborough, Rockingham, Merrimack, Grafton and Belknap counties; and the entirety of Strafford and Carroll counties.

Bobby Deol

Vijay Singh Deol, better known as Bobby Deol (born January 27, 1969), is an Indian film actor who acts in Hindi films. He won multiple Filmfare Awards and Filmfare Best Actor Awards.

Bobby Deol made his debut in films with "Barsaat" (1995) opposite Twinkle Khanna who also made her debut. He won the Filmfare Best Debut Award for that film. He then acted in several more commercially successful films like "Gupt" (1997), "Badal" (2000), "Bichhoo" (2000), "Apne" (2007) and "Yamla Pagla Deewana" (2011). He especially acted in blockbuster films such as "Soldier" (1998), Ajnabee (2001), and "Humraaz" (2002). He won the Filmfare Best Actor Award for Humraaz. He is famous for such films like "Kareeb" (1998), "Dillagi" (1999), "Ab Tumhare Hawale Watan Saathiyo" (2004), and "Players" (2012).

New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district

New Hampshire's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. Democrat Ann McLane Kuster is the representative since elected in 2012. It contains the cities of Nashua and Concord.

Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania

Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania () is a 2014 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy movie written and directed by Shashank Khaitan, and produced by Hiroo Yash Johar and Karan Johar under the banner of Dharma Productions. The movie stars Varun Dhawan, Alia Bhatt, and Sidharth Shukla in the lead roles. This is the second time Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt have acted together after their debut in "Student of the Year" and was released on 11 July 2014 and was commercially successful at the box office. A sequel, "Badrinath Ki Dulhania", also starring Dhawan and Bhatt, was released in 2017. It was not related to this movie. Karan Johar stated that the movie is based on the cult romantic classic "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge".


Badrinath Ki Dulhania

Badrinath Ki Dulhania () is a 2017 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy movie.
It was written and directed by Shashank Khaitan and produced by Hiroo Yash Johar, Karan Johar and Apoorva Mehta under the Dharma Productions banner. This film is a sequel of the film "Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania", which was released in 2014.

It stars Varun Dhawan and Alia Bhatt in the lead roles with Aakanksha Singh, Rituraj Singh, Yash Sinha, Shweta Basu Prasad, Gaurav Pandey, Aparshakti Khurana, Sahil Vaid and Swanand Kirkire in supporting roles.

"Badrinath Ki Dulhania" was the third time Dhawan and Bhatt acted together after their previous movies "Student of the Year" (2012) and "Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania" (2014).
The film was theatrically released in India on 10 March 2017, coinciding with the Holi weekend. 
The movie received positive reviews and was commercially successful at the box office, and earned over 1.90 billion globally at the box office.


Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham

Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... (), also known as simply K3G, is a 2001 Indian Hindi-language melodrama film written and directed by Karan Johar and produced by Yash Johar. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan, Jaya Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan, Kajol, Hrithik Roshan and Kareena Kapoor, with special appearance by Rani Mukerji. 

The film was eventually released in India, the United Kingdom and North America on 14 December 2001. The film received positive reviews and was a commercial success at the box office. This film was the highest grossing Indian film ever until Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna, which was also directed by Karan Johar, got released.

Rahul (Shah Rukh Khan), the adoptive son of business magnate Yash Raichand (Amitabh Bachchan), feels eternal gratitude to his father for rescuing him from a life of poverty. Yet, when Yash forbids his love of poor Anjali (Kajol), Rahul marries her and moves to London with new wife and sister-in-law, Pooja (Kareena Kapoor), breaking the heart of his mother (Jaya Bachchan). Ten years later, Rahul's younger brother (Hrithik Roshan) comes to London intent on brokering peace between father and son.


Made on a budget of $1 million, "Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham..." emerged as a major critical and commercial success, both domestically and internationally, with a lifetime gross of () at the worldwide box office becoming the highest grossing Indian film ever worldwide at the time of its release. Outside India, the film was the highest-grossing Indian film ever, until its record was broken by Johar's next directorial venture, "Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna" (2006). "Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham..." won several awards at popular award ceremonies the following year, including five Filmfare Awards.

Tiangong-1

Tiangong-1 was China's first space station. It was launched into orbit in 2011 and stayed in space until 2018. Three spacecraft visited the station when it was in orbit. These included two missions with people. 

It was followed by Tiangong-2 which was China's second space station.

Tiangong-2

Tiangong-2 was China's second space station. It followed Tiangong-1 and was launched into orbit in 2016 and stayed in space until 2019. Two spacecraft visited the station when it was in orbit. These included one mission with people and one with cargo.

It is to be followed by the much larger Chinese Space Station.

Kapoor &amp; Sons

Kapoor & Sons, also known as Kapoor & Sons (Since 1921), is an Indian Hindi-language family comedy drama movie directed by Shakun Batra and produced by Dharma Productions and Fox Star Studios. It stars Sidharth Malhotra, Fawad Khan, Alia Bhatt, Ratna Pathak Shah, Rajat Kapoor and Rishi Kapoor. It was released on 18 March 2016 and received positive reviews and the audience loved the script, screenplay, direction and cast performances and the movie was considered a super hit.


Kal Ho Naa Ho

Kal Ho Naa Ho (, ), also abbreviated as KHNH, is a 2003 Indian Hindi-language musical romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Nikhil Advani and Arjun Kapoor, written by Karan Johar with dialogues by Niranjan Iyengar, and produced by Yash Johar. The movie stars Jaya Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan, Saif Ali Khan, and Preity Zinta in the lead roles, with Sushma Seth, Reema Lagoo, Lillete Dubey, and Delnaaz Paul in supporting roles.

"Kal Ho Naa Ho" was released on 27 November 2003. The movie received positive reviews and was a commercial success at the box office and it was also the highest-grossing Indian movie of 2003.

Naina, an introverted, perpetually depressed girl's life changes when she meets Aman. But Aman has a secret of his own which changes their lives forever. Embroiled in all this is Rohit, Naina's best friend who conceals his love for her.


Special Appearances

Uncredited Appearances

Salyut 1

Salyut 1 was the first ever space station sent into space. It was launched into orbit in April 1971 by the Soviet Union and stayed in space until October 1971. During its time in space, it was visited by two spacecraft with crews. The purpose of Salyut 1 was to learn and test how a space station worked. A second goal was to find out how being in space a long time affected the human body. It had a number of problems, but a lot was learned from it that helped with future stations. 

The station was at first part of the Almaz program, to make a secret military station in space. On 16 February 1970 it was decided to make it civilian instead. The Soviet space program gave the name DOS to the program. That is an abbreviation of the Russian "Dolgovremennaya Orbitalnaya Stanziya" which in English means "Long Term Orbital Station". The first station was called DOS-1 by the people working on the space program. To the public, it was going to be called Zarya, but was changed to Salyut before launch. Salyut is the Russian word for salute and was given to honor Yuri Gagarin.

The station was shaped like a cylinder and had four areas. One was a docking module to allow a spacecraft to connect. The second was the main module where people could live. The third was the auxiliary module that had the equipment to run the station. The fourth had the engines to move the station. Besides these, the station had four solar panels.

The launch was on 19 April 1971 on a Proton K rocket. Two days later, the first crew was also launched on a Soyuz rocket. They were supposed to stay for 30 days at the station. This did not happen as there was a problem in docking (connecting) their spacecraft to the station. After trying for 5.5 hours, they had to return to Earth. A second crew (Soyuz 11) was sent on 6 June 1971 and was able to enter. At first the mission went well, but due to problems on the station they could only stay 23 days of the planned 30. Their stay was the longest any people had spent in space at that time. While at the station, they did experiments to help scientists understand life in space. The crew of Soyuz 11 died during re-entry of the atmosphere when their air escaped. No other spacecraft visited the station. Salyut 1 was de-orbited (removed from space) on 11 October 1971. The engines were used to lower the orbit, so it would burn up in the atmosphere. 

The design of Soyuz 1 proved to be a good one. Later long-term stations such as Salyut 7 and Salyut 8 were based on it. And parts of Mir and the Zvezda module of the International Space Station were also based on this design.

Soyuz 1 was followed by the Salyut 2 station, which failed.

Cameo

Cameo or CAMEO may refer to:

Altötting

Altötting ( "Oidäding" ]) is a town in Altötting, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.


Burghausen, Altötting

Burghausen (Bavarian: "Burghausn") is the largest town in Altötting, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

<br>

Neuötting

Neuötting (Bavarian: "Neiäding") is a town in Altötting, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.


Töging am Inn

Töging am Inn (Bavarian: "Deging am Inn") is a town in Altötting, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Buichi Saito

Buichi Saito (齋藤武市, "Saito Buichi", January 27, 1925 - January 2011) was a Japanese movie director from , Saitama Prefecture.

Saito graduated from Waseda University Faculty of Letters in 1948. Then, he joined the Ofuna Film Studio as an assistant director. He studied under . In 1954, filmmaker asked Saito to move to with and . In 1956, he directed his first movie, ""My Sister's Wedding"". It was not good at the box office. He continued to make high-quality literary movies that followed Ozu's style. In 1959, Saito directed "Farewell to the Southern Tosa", starring . It became a big hit. His most well known movie with Kobayashi was The Rambling Guitarist, which became popular with music. It was serialized as the "Rambler Series" and established himself as an director of entertainment movies. In 1970, he left Nikkatsu and joined to directed television series.


School strike for climate

School strike for climate is a movement by the environment activist Greta Thunberg. She started it in 2018.

Cirsium arvense

Cirsium arvense is a perennial species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It is native in Europe, western Asia, and northern Africa. It is common in some other parts of the world where people have carried it. The standard English name in its native area is creeping thistle. It is also sometimes known as Canada thistle (a mistake, as it is not native in Canada) and field thistle.

Osu!

osu! is a rhythm game made by Dean "Peppy" Herbert in 2007. It has gotten good reviews and has been recommended by professional gamers as a way of improving cursor aim and gaining advantage in other games. A repository of the game, mostly written in C#, can be found in GitHub. 

Most of the levels (beatmaps) are made by the community, which are made with the game's level creator.

osu! has 4 game modes, osu!standard, osu!taiko, osu!catch and osu!mania. osu!standard is the most popular one.
The history of osu! started all the way back in 2007 when Dean <nowiki>"</nowiki>Peppy<nowiki>"</nowiki> Herbert made osu! as a concept originally called ouentest. He made this game in a all-nighter with some extra hours, and the first version got released on July 1st, 2007 to some of Peppy's friends. pUpdater was then later introduced to update osu! to the latest version. osu! also introduced a ranking system which depending on your accuracy and misses what grade you would get, the choices were S, A, B, C and D.

Tomb of Bijri Khan

The Tomb of Bijri Khan is situated at Sector-3 of RK Puram area in New Delhi. The mausoleum is built on a raised mound along Venkateshwara Marg. The monument has been graded an archaelogical value "A" by the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH). The high dome of the monument is crowned by red sandstone and marble pinnacle, none of which are visible now, possibly because of the damage by atmospheric weathering.
The monument is believed to be around 600 years old, and was possibly built in the Lodi Era considering its symbolic architecture. According to archaelogists, the tomb was built in rememberance of Bijri Khan who was probably a nobleman in the Lodi court. No other significant information about the tomb or Bijri Khan is available. The grave present inside the tomb doesn't have a clear inscription of who exactly was buried inside the sepulchre.

In March 2021, the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the archaelogy department of Delhi government to promote the monument as venue for cultural and literary events under the 'adopt a heritage scheme'. The MoU also states that the venue once ready, will be available for events and activities such as Sufi musical recital, theaterical plays, book readings, and for product launches. The site will also be availabe for coporate and private events.


Dendropsophus cerradensis

The Dendropsophus cerradensis is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Hungarian forint

The forint (sign Ft; code HUF) is the currency of Hungary. It was formerly divided into 100 fillér, but fillér coins are no longer in circulation. The introduction of the forint on 1 August 1946 was a crucial step in the post-World War II stabilisation of the Hungarian economy, and the currency remained relatively stable until the 1980s. Transition to a market economy in the early 1990s made the forint less valuable; inflation peaked at 35% in 1991. As a member of the European Union, the long-term aim of the Hungarian government may be to replace the forint with the euro, although under the current government there is no target date for adopting the euro.

The Spiders: Wild Scheme A-Go Go

The Spiders: Wild Scheme A-Go Go (ザ・スパイダースのゴーゴー向う見ず作戦, "Za Supaidasu no gôgô utau mizu sakusen"), also known as The Spiders' the Reckless Operation, is a 1967 Japanese musical comedy film directed by Buichi Saito and produced by Nikkatsu. 

When Ken's lover Chino won the amateur song contest, Chino replied to the moderator's question that if there was a person who had no lover yet but went straight to his place over all obstacles, she would accept courtship. Chino said so to encourage Ken. However, the young people of the seven-member group (starring ), who were watching TV in Yokohama, they began to march straight towards Tokyo, inspired by Chino's advice. They broke through the large glass of a coffee shop, proceeded through a of cars, caused a six-fold collision, and tried to pass through the police station on the way, but they were charges of ignoring signals, invading peoples houses, and damaging property. This cause the police to arrested the group. However, Jun and his friends were pardoned, saying they just wanted to walk straight. 

On the other hand, Ken was encouraged by his bandmate Koji and decided to walk straight to Chino's house, which was next to the three houses, but Professor Mikami, who lives right next to his house, refused Ken to see his daughter, so he tried to force it again. Ken gave up the halfway plan because he was caught in the of the Mikami family. Around that time, the eccentricity of the seven-member group finally began to become a hot topic in the and headlines. A news photographer take several photographs of these seven members, and a critic praised them as "A young men who longs for a straight line", which became a national topic. However, the seven young men were not pleased with such a false name at all, and just continued walking for the purpose. 

Ken knew about the seven-member group on TV, and couldn't help but courageously a tunnel bellow of Chino's house with his father's words to take Chino. By the time Ken worked hard day and night digging a tunnel, the seven young men were approaching Chino's house at the last moment. Koji and his colleagues, who saw him as in jeopardy, quickly stopped in front of the seven-member group and hindered their progress, so Ken rushed to Chino's house by a small margin. Chino was so impressed with his health that she hugged him tightly. On the other hand, the lagging seven-member group, admitting defeat, went straight away toward the sun, which was about to set with a rainbow appeared at the end of the film.



Vatel (movie)

Vatel is a 2000 French British Belgian romantic period drama movie directed by Roland Joffé and starring Gérard Depardieu, Uma Thurman, Tim Roth, Timothy Spall, Julian Sands, Julian Glover, Edwin Apps, Richard Griffiths, Hywel Bennett, Murray Lachlan Young, Arielle Dombasle. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2001.

The movie tells the story of François Vatel (1631-1671), a cook, who needs to organize a banquet for Louis XIV. 

Potyvirus

Potyvirus or potyviruses are a genus of viruses in the family Potyviridae. They make plants sick. There are 183 species in this genus including the type species Potato virus Y. The genus is named after potato virus Y.

Scientists think the first potyvirus existed 15,000 to 30,000 years ago and lived in grass.

Cable internet

Cable is a way to provide internet services to homes and businesses through a coaxial cable . Because cable internet uses existing cable TV wires, it can service large areas without building new wires, especially in the United States.
"Main article: Cable Modem"

When you subscribe to cable internet service they will send you a modem, the modem is like a translator, taking an analog signal and turning it into a digital signal that your computer can understand.

What speeds you will get depends on many things, such as the company or the speed package you subscribe to, but the general rule is, cable internet has a maximum speed of 1000 megabits per second.

"Main article: Telephone"

Cable internet can also carry phone calls through the internet, this is called VoIP which stands for 'Voice over Internet protocol' this is, however different than calls over a smart phone.

Major internet providers in the United States are: Charter Communications, Comcast, Cox, Mediacom, and Suddenlink.

Ailuromancy

Ailuromancy or aeluromancy (from Greek αἴλουρος aílouros meaning "cat"), also known as felidomancy, is a form of theriomancy. It is divination using cats' movements to predict future events, especially the weather.

The Wolf Man (1941 movie)

The Wolf Man is a 1941 American horror movie. The movie stars Lon Chaney Jr. The Wolf Man was the first movie in a franchise of five movies based on the character Larry Talbot. During the course of the movie, Talbot is turned into a werewolf.

Another Round (movie)

Another Round (, "binge drinking") is a 2020 Danish Dutch Swedish comedy-drama movie directed by Thomas Vinterberg and starring Mads Mikkelsen, Thomas Bo Larsen, Magnus Millang, Lars Ranthe, Susse Wold, Maria Bonnevie. It was nominated for 2 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 2021. It is set to be remade into an American version with Leonardo DiCaprio starring and Jim Jarmusch directing.

Ken Yamauchi

Ken Yamauchi (山内賢, "Yamauchi Ken", December 9, 1943 - September 24, 2011) was a Japanese actor, singer and moderator. His real name was Akira Fujise (藤瀬 賢晁).

Yamauchi was born in Tokyo in 1943. He graduated from the Takinogawa Daiyon Elementary School and Kita Ward Shinmachi Junior High School (currently Tabata Junior High School). At the Tamagawa University, he meet Mitsuo Hamada, a fellow classmate and latter became his friend. His older brother Akira Kubo was an actor for Toho. Yamauchi's height was 170 cm his blood was Type A. In 1955, he made his debut as a child actor under the stage name "Ken Kubo" in ""Sugata naki mokugekisha"". Yamauchi would later appeared in Toho's films. On April 1, 1962, he signed a contract with Nikkatsu and changed his stage name to "Ken Yamauchi".

He appeared in many Nikkatsu movies such as youth films. His first film in Nikkatsu was "Kumo ni mukatte tatsu", which starring Yujiro Ishihara. He supported the Nikkatsu Junai / Youth route, which became a relatable in the 1960s. There are many co-starring works with Masako Izumi, and appeared other films such as "The Bastard" and "" directed by Seijun Suzuki are representative works. He also co-starring with legendary Enka singer Kazuo Funaki. He specializes in singing and playing guitar. In 1962, he formed a band called Young and Fresh (ヤング・アンド・フレッシュ, "Yangu Ando furesshu") with Koji Wada, Toshio Sugiyama, Hajime Sugiyama, and Masahiro Kinoshita (four were Nikkatsu actors), and released records and they would featured in several movies. In 1966, the band sung "Futari no Ginza" and "Tokyo Night" with Masako Izumi became big hits, and the movie of the same name was also produced (Ginza Lights and Tokyo Night). With the decline of Japanese movies, Yamauchi moved his career to other television studios and played an active part as a singer, public speaker and moderators. His best known role was a teacher in the "Abare Hatchaku Series", aired from 1979 to 1982, and in NHK's "Hobby Course" (played as a fisherman and mountain climber) broadcast from 1983, 1997, and 1998. In the summer of 2003, Yamauchi was diagnosed with lung cancer, but was later recovered soon after. After that, 4 operations were performed on Yamauchi after suffering from both metastases and esophageal cancers.

On November 17, 2007 at the Keio Plaza Hotel in Shinjuku, a joint parties called " The Actors Club" that consists former voice and screen actors and "The Old Friendship Club", featuring film directors, producers, screenwriters and other staff members who worked at Nikkatsu. The party was attended by Tetsuya Watari, Ruriko Asaoka, Joe Shishido, Izumi Ashikawa, Chieko Matsubara, Tamio Kawachi, Tadao Sawamoto, Seijun Suzuki, Umetsugu Inoue, Buichi Saito, Toshio Masuda and others. In September 2008, he released a new duet song "Adult Ginza" with Masako Izumi for the first time in 40 years.

In addition, a new album recording the hit works of the past including "Two Ginza" will be released. In February 2009, he was co-starring for the "Abare Hatchaku Series" in the planning of a new television program with other actors who appeared back in the 70s and 80s, Tomonori Yoshida (first generation Abare Hatchaku), Atsushi Kurimata (2nd generation Abare Hatchaku), and reunited with Yukako Hayase (the first heroine) and others for the first time in 30 years. Yamauchi died at a hospital in Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo on September 24, 2011 at 4:53 am due to pneumonia at the age of 67. The priest who see Yamauchi for the last time was "Kensho Takaoka, a resident of Jyokeiin." At his funeral on September 26th of that same year, his fellow colleagues Mitsuo Hamada, Sayuri Yoshinaga, Masako Izumi and others attended, and Izumi said in a condolence, "There are many seniors in heaven, so I asked them to make an alumni association."

Wembley, Western Australia

Wembley is a western suburb of Perth, Western Australia in the Town of Cambridge. Its postcode is 6014.

Wisconsin Highway 33

Wisconsin Highway 33 is a state highway in Wisconsin. It runs east–west across central Wisconsin. It is 200.84 miles (323.22 km) in length.

Batemans Bay

Batemans Bay is a town on the South Coast region of the state of New South Wales, Australia.

Burgkirchen an der Alz

Burgkirchen an der Alz (Bavarian: "Buagkiacha a da Oiz") is a municipality in Altötting, a district ("Landkreis") in Upper Bavaria.

South Coast (New South Wales)

The South Coast refers to the narrow coastal belt from Shoalhaven district in the north to the border with Victoria in the south in the south-eastern part of the State of New South Wales, Australia.

Shoalhaven

Shoalhaven is a local government area in the south-eastern coastal region of New South Wales, Australia.

Emmerting

Emmerting is a municipality in Altötting in Bavaria in Germany and member of the administrative association of the same name.

Emmerting is in the southeast of Upper Bavaria.

Emmerting is divided into four parts: 

There are also the subdistricts Altöttinger Forst, Alzgerner Forst, Emmerting and Holzfelder Forst.


HD 83443

HD 83443 is an orange dwarf star approximately 134 light-years away in the constellation of Vela. As of 2000, at least one extrasolar planet has been confirmed to be orbiting the star.

Erlbach, Bavaria

Erlbach is a municipality in Altötting, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Vela

Vela is a constellation in the southern sky. Its name is Latin the sails of a ship. It is specifically supposed to be the ship Argo from the myth of Jason and the Golden Fleece. It is part the constellation Argo Navis, which also has the Carina for keel and Puppis for the ship's stern.

Reischach

Reischach (Bavarian: "Reischoch") is a municipality in Altötting, a district "(Landkreis)" in Upper Bavaria.

Bombala, New South Wales

Bombala is a town in the Monaro region of south-eastern New South Wales, Australia. At the , 1,387 people lived there.

2021 Baghdad hospital fire

On the night of 24 to 25 April 2021, a fire at the Ibn al-Khatib hospital in Baghdad, Iraq, left at least 82 people dead and 110 others injured. 

The fire was started by the explosion of oxygen tanks meant for COVID-19 patients. There was a lack of fire detection systems which caused the fire to grow. Many of the COVID patients died as a result of being taken off their ventilators to help them escape the fire. 

Mars Oxygen ISRU Experiment

The Mars Oxygen In-Situ Resource Utilization Experiment (MOXIE) is a technoligical experiment on the NASA Mars 2020 rover "Perseverance" trying to find out if oxygen can be created on Mars by using carbon dioxide. 

On April 20, 2021, MOXIE produced oxygen from carbon dioxide in the Martian atmosphere by using solid oxide electrolysis. This was the first experimental extraction of a natural resource from another planet for human use. 

The technology may help a possible human mission to the planet to provide breathable oxygen.

Family (2001 Dutch movie)

Family () is a 2001 Dutch drama movie directed by Willem van de Sande Bakhuyzen and was based on the play by Maria Goos. It stars Petra Laseur, Marisa van Eyle, Bram van der Vlugt, Anneke Bok, Mark Rietman.

Human mission to Mars

A human mission to Mars has been seen in science fiction since the 1880s, and of aerospace engineering and scientific proposals since the late 1940s. 

Plans include landing on Mars for exploration at a minimum, with some thinking about exploring its moons Phobos and Deimos.

Longterm proposals have included sending settlers and starting terraforming the planet.

The exploration of Mars has been a goal of national space programs for many years with planned missions typically being stated as taking place anywhere between 10 and 30 years.

Plans for a human mission to Mars may include a small group (between two and eight astronauts) would visit Mars for a period of a few weeks or year.

Many spacecrafts have already landed on Mars and they include: Landed spacecraft on the surface of Mars: "Mars 3", "Viking 1", "Viking 2", "Mars Pathfinder" and its "Sojourner" rover, "Spirit", "Opportunity", "Phoenix", "Curiosity", "InSight", "Beagle2" and "Perseverance".

In April 2021, the Mars Oxygen ISRU Experiment was able to create oxygen in the Martian atmosphere by using carbon dioxide. Many believe this is the first step for a human mission to Mars as it will help humans create breathable oxygen.

Tropic of Emerald

Tropic of Emerald or De gordel van smaragd is a 1997 Belgian Indonesian Dutch drama movie directed by Orlow Seunke and starring Pierre Bokma, Esmée de la Bretonière, Christine Hakim, Bram van der Vlugt, Frans Tumbuan, Piet Kamerman.

Pastorale 1943

Pastorale 1943 is a 1978 Dutch World War II drama movie directed by Wim Verstappen and was based on the novel by Simon Vestdijk. It stars Frederik de Groot, Leen Jongewaard, Coen Flink, Sacco van der Made, Hein Boele, Bram van der Vlugt, Rutger Hauer, Bernard Droog.

Petite bourgeoisie

In Marxism, the petite bourgeoisie (or petty bourgeoisie) is the social class made up of small merchants and peasants who own land. The term comes from French and means "small bourgeoisie". Unlike the bourgeoisie, they do not own the means of production. However, they try to be like the bourgeoisie.

Workers of the world, unite!

"Workers of the world, unite!" is a slogan from "The Communist Manifesto". It means that the working class should work together to get rid of capitalism and win the class war.

The original phrase in German was "Proletarians of all countries, unite!".

This slogan was used as a motto by many communist and socialist states during the Cold War.

In each Soviet republic, the same motto was used in the local language.

Wage slavery

Wage slavery is a situation where the pay a person receives for work is so low it barely or doesn't cover their expenses. The worker's wages are used up to pay for their basic needs, and they are unable to earn more. This person then doesn't have any money left to save, or for the expenses of an emergency. 

Wage slavery is caused when bosses have more power than their employees and pay them very little money. The term "wage slavery" is used by Marxists and other people who do not like capitalism. 

Black bloc

Black bloc is a protest strategy where people wear black clothes and cover up their faces. This helps them to not be recognized and to avoid pepper spray in their eyes.

People who do black bloc wear black clothes and shoes. Usually they wear matching clothes to blend in better in a crowd. They may also wear sunglasses to protect their eyes. To cover up their faces, they might wear hoodies, ski masks, and motorcycle helmets.

Black bloc was developed by leftists in West Germany in the 1980s. The idea became famous in Seattle, Washington in the United States in the 1990s in protests against the World Trade Organization.

The purpose of black bloc is to not be recognized by the police and security cameras. This is because people wearing black bloc may do things that are considered wrong or illegal according to the people in power. Some of these things include rioting, vandalism, and protesting without a permit.

Teenjurey View Point

Teenjurey also spelled as Tinjurey is a hill in the Indian state of Sikkim. It is the highest point of Fambong Lho Wildlife Sanctuary at an altitude of . It is located in the East Sikkim district of the Sikkim. The word Tinjurey or Teenjurey comes from the Nepali language t"een" meaning "three" and "jurey" meaning "the crest of a hill". At the top, the hill forms into three peaks.

Tinjurey is one of the most common and popular hiking trails in the district. The trail begins at the Golitar base camp, which is about from the capital, Gangtok. It is about long. It takes up about 3 hours time to reach the top. At the top of the trail is a watch tower with a scenic view of the town of Gangtok as well as Teesta Valley from one side and on the other the Kangchenjunga peak can also be seen. It is the third highest mountain in the world with an elevation of .

There is no human settlement in Teenjurey. There are only a small number of log houses which are used to host tourists. The area has a large amount of biodiversity. There are many different types of plants and animals. The forest has many different types of trees. These include magnolia, pine, bamboo and rhododendron. Rohodendron is the state flower of Sikkim There are also a number of endangered animals such as barking deers, leopards, red panda, hill partridge, Himalayan brown bear and satyr tragopan.

Central Bank of Nigeria

The Central Bank For Nigeria (CBN) is the apex bank and the highest monetary authority for Nigeria. It was created by the CBN Act of 1958. The bank started operations on July 1, 1959.

The bank was created Under the leadership of G.D Paton. It was established by the colonial administration to investigate banking practices in Nigeria. Before the inquiry, the banking industry was largely uncontrolled. The G.D Paton report, an offshoot of the inquiry became the cornerstone for the first banking legislation in the country: the banking ordinance of 1952. The ordinance was designed to prevent non viable banks from mushrooming, and to ensure orderly commercial banking. The Central Bank of Nigeria has blue color on its office building at different branches for Nigeria.

Here are the list for Governors of the Central Bank For Nigeria:

Aliyu Mai-Bornu

Aliyu Mai-Bornu (1919 – 23 February 1970) was the first indigenous Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria.
Mai-Bornu was born in Gongola now Yola. Mai-Bornu attended Yola Elementary School, Yola Middle School, and was went to Kaduna College where he graduated in as an English language teacher. He started his teaching career at Yola Middle School before going to work at Kaduna College and soon joined the Northern Teachers Association. He returned to Yola as deputy headmaster of the Yola Middle School and later left Yola to be a House Tutor at the Veterinary School in Vom for five months. He earned a government scholarship to travel abroad and studied Economics at Bristol University in the United Kingdom.

Mai-Bornu began his civil service career at post as Administrative Officer with the Northern Nigeria Public Service, serving in the Public Service Commission and Ministry of Finance and Trade. When the Central Bank started operations in 1959, he was appointed second to the Central Bank of Nigeria as an Assistant Secretary. Subsequently he rapidly rose through the ranks from assistant secretary to deputy secretary, then secretary. He became the first indigenous Nigerian to be appointed Deputy Governor. On July 25, 1963, Mai-Bornu was appointed Governor of the Central Bank (1963–1967). After leaving the bank, he was appointed Director and General Manager of the Nigerian Tobacco Company (1967–1969). He served on the Board of Directors of the company until his death on the 23rd of February, 1970.

His portrait features on the 1,000 Naira note brought into circulation on October 12, 2005.

Juju

Juju (Fr: Joujou) is a word used to describe fetish beliefs and practices. The word Juju is inspired by the French word Joujou which means "Plaything" or toy. Juju includes use of dolls, other fetishes and seeking for omens or consulting oracles, etc.

Clement Isong

Clement Nyong Isong, CFR (20 April 1920 – 29 May 2000) was a Nigerian banker and politician who was governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria when General Yakubu Gowon ruled Nigeria.

Isong studied at University College, Ibadan, Iowa Wesleyan College, Mount Pleasant, Iowa, and the Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, where he obtained a Ph.D. in Economics. He taught economics in the University of Ibadan before joining the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and later becoming director of research. 

Tandoor

A tandoor is a cylindrical vertical clay or metal oven used in baking. It has been known to be used in some cuisines such as India.

Babatunde Elegbede

Muftau Adegoke Babatunde "Tunde" Elegbede (c. 1939 – 19 June 1994) was Chief of Nigeria's Defence Intelligence Agency from July 1986 to January 1990 and Military Governor of Cross River State, Nigeria. 

Nigerian Navy

The Nigerian Navy (NN) is a branch of the Nigerian Armed Forces. It is the largest navies on the African continent, consisting of numerous thousand personnel, including those of the Coast Guard.

The Nigerian Navy originated from the Nigerian Marine. Southern Nigerian Marine was formed in 1893. A Northern Nigeria Marine was formed in 1900. They merged in 1900.

The NN currently has 9 Branches at the Naval Headquarters, 5 commands and a number of autonomous units.

The 5 commands are made up of 3 operational commands: 


There is also Training and Logistics Commands.

The Special Boat Service is a special operations unit of the Nigerian Navy. 

Nigerian Navy ships has four main departments: operations, marine engineering, weapon engineering, and logistics.

Salyut 2

Salyut 2 was the Soviet Union's second space station. It was also known as OPS-1 and was the first station in the Almaz program. Almaz was a program to make military space stations to spy on other countries.

Salyut 2 was launched into orbit on 3 April 1973 but was damaged before it could be used. It was burned up in the atmosphere in May 1973.

Ejipura

Ejipura is a small sized neighbourhood that is located in southeast Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It is a compact neighbourhood that houses many areas of residence, schools, parks, provision stores and other recreational facilities. It is neighboured by other residential areas like Koramangala, Adugodi and Madiwala. The locality is known for its narrow roads and high slum population. It is also well known for the eviction of over 5,000 people who were a part of the Economically Weaker Section (EWS) of Ejipura, in order to build way for a shopping mall. 

Ejipura is a direct extension of Vannarpet, that settled towards the East of Bangalore. Earlier, it was often known as Equestrian Grounds Puram, which later became E.G Puram. It was initially a colony that was situated next to the Equestrian Grounds that had been used by the army. The grounds were used by several workers who looked after the horses and their stables.

Ejipura houses not only a strong rural population but also houses people from the North East and other Eastern cities like Bihar. It also consists of a large urban population, and several urban gated communities and apartments. 

During the start of the year 2005, BBMP had passed a decision which provided housing and residence on the same piece of land for the people residing in Ejipura. In early 2006, the BBMP had then issued for a rights/identification certificate to the residents of the locality. However, a Public Private Partnership between the BBMP and Maveric Holdings had come into contract and was signed in order to develop the same piece of land that was given to the EWS. 

As a section of the joint development agreement, it was said that half of the land was then to be used in order to construct 1,512 EWS apartments. The other half of it was to be used by Maverick Holdings Corporation in order to build a mall. The eviction of residents had been stalled several times, even after several rights groups had staged protests, alleging that the projects seemed like a land scam. The citizen groups and protestors had accused the BBMP of constructing just 1,512 houses and residences within a site that could host up to 3,000 houses, by choosing to split the land equally with a private builder.
Following directions of the Court order, the private builder, Maverick Holdings, alleges to have given a remuneration amount of Rs. 30,000 to families who had been evicted from the land. After this, an arrangement the government and Maverick had met half way and decided to build houses for the residents who took to the streets for shelter.

The project did commence only until recently. Due to the setbacks in starting the work, a group of original residents had filed a petition of contempt in the High Court, which questioned the delay in project commencement. Due to this, the court had requested that the Principal Secretary of the Urban Development Department (UDD) observe the happenings of the project and to submit a report to them. After having acquired the plan for the sanction to the EWS housing, the builders commenced the work in the year 2017. 

In the year 1983, the Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BMP) that was in power at the time had begun the establishment of EWS houses in the new locality of Ejipura, at the price of Rs. 223 crore, employing a HUDCO loan. The residential project was completed in 1991. During the years 1993 to 1994, these residences were given to the EWS families, who had to previously apply in order to get the houses sanctioned. Exactly 1,512 houses had been constructed in within 42 blocks (36 houses in each block) within a 10.30 acre land.
In the year 1992, there was the construction of the Ejipura Quarters which was built for policemen to reside in. It was rejected by the police men because the standard of construction was defective and subpar. The civic agency had then assigned this facility to the EWS that were present in Ejipura. Some residents chose to stay while the others had rented it out. The buildings had then been discovered to accommodate several people that lived among the poor living conditions. On account of the poor formation of the building, walls and ceilings began to crack and killed 3 people in 2003. All the blocks of the quarters were then deemed unsafe for residence. Ever since these events took place, several people have been living by the side of the demolished residence in tin sheds. 

Sri Prasanna Veeranjeneya Swami Temple

The Sri Prasanna Veernanjeneya Swami Temple is at Mahalakshmi Layout, Bangalore. It is one of the temples dedicated to Lord Hanuman which is quite famous in Karnataka as Lord Hanuman’s birthplace is Karnataka. There are more than 100 temples dedicated to Lord Hanuman in Bangalore City. People in Karnataka have special attachment and reverence to Lord Hanuman. There are plenty of monkeys in all tourist spots in India, especially at pilgrimage points. The monkey creates a psychological feeling in man that not only it is man’s ancestor but also a replica of Lord Hanuman.

While entering first there is a huge Vigraha of Mahalakshmi and before entering the main Anjaneya area, on the left in separate sannidhis are marble Vighrahas of Lord Ganapathy, Rama, Sita Lakshmana Anjaneya and Lakshmi. The Anjaneya Vigraha is sculpted. It is 22 ft high and 16 ft wide. Mahalakshmi Vighraha is 12 ft in height and seated on a lotus of 5ft height. Every Saturday the temple does the Benne Alankara which requires around 600 kgs of butter.

Mahalakshmi Layout was a mostly barren land with small hills and rocks. After independence, the place was called “No Man’s Land” as it was outside the Bangalore region. The deity was carved by a sculptor named Shanmugananda. He felt that the place had a spiritual aura and thus spent months sculpting Lord Hanuman, beginning with a sketch. Eventually devotees began visiting the sculpture and engaged in doing Puja to the god. During the 1960s, Mahalakshmi Layout showed signs of developing. In the early 1970s, as the city expanded, and the hill was registered within the city limits, the local residents hired professional artists to enhance the earlier outlined sketch, into a grand painting of Lord Hanuman. By the mid-1970s, the authorities decided to turn the painting into a sculpture and formed a high-level committee (involving local residents) for this purpose. In 1976, the sculpture was ready and inaugurated by the Hindu tradition with their priests. PV Narasimha Rao was invited as the Chief Guest for the ceremony. By 1980, a 40×40 ft temple was ready, which went on to expand into a 13-acre temple complex with the help of generous donations by devotees over the next few years, and it became part of the “Must-Visit” list of sightseeing in the city. Over the years, the Temple was developed by the devotees and by the local people and made it a full fletched place of worship.

Hindu Temples are usually filled with festivals and celebration and this temple, in particular, celebrates important festivals like Hanuma Jayanthi, Sri Rama Navami, Annual Day Function, Sri Rama Pattabhisheka, Sri Rama Kalyanotsava and Lord Sathyanarayanan Pooja on Full Moon days, Lakshmi Pooja and other festivals in Shravana month. One of the most important events that take place is called the "Benne Alankara" in the month of August during which the deity is decorated with more than 500 kg of butter which is later given to the devotees as Prasadham

Sri Prasanna Veernanjeneya Swami Temple is in 12th Cross Road, Mahalakshmi Layout, Mahalakshmi Puram, Bangalore. It is 320m from the Mahalakshmi layout metro station. The entrance to the temple can be made from the main road through the park or from the side road , where people park their vehicles. The temple is opened on all days of the week from 6:00 am to 12:30 pm and 4:30 pm to 8:30 pm.

As the temple is on the main road and is in a residential area, there are a few fast foods, ice cream shops, juice centers right outside the temple. The temple is attached to a park that can be used as an early morning and evening recreation. There is Mahalakshmi Bus Stop a few steps from the temple. Mahalakshmi Layout has a surrounding of other busy areas like Basweshwara Nagar, Malleshwaram, Yeshwanthpur. Iskon Temple is one stop away from Mahalakshmi Layout and Orion Mall that is within 1km distance from Iskon Temple.

Defence Colony Bangalore

Defence Colony is a residential locality within the larger neighbourhood of Indiranagar in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It is bordered by three of Indiranagar's main roads 100 feet road, 80 feet Road and Chinmaya Mission Hospital (CMH) road. The locality is a mixture of apartments and independent houses. Originally a settlement for defence veterans, today it is one of the most expensive localities in Bangalore. 

Defence Colony was originally a settlement of defence veterans started in the 1970s. The government allotted land to high ranking retired defence officers here. It was a sparse collection of Large Bungalows. At the time Indiranagar was a suburb, far outside Bangalore city. The Information Technology boom in the 1990s led to the rapid development of the neighbourhood, transforming Indiranagar into an upscale area. With increasing commercialisation of the surrounding areas, demand to live in this neighbourhood grew. As a result, property prices in Defence Colony rose over the years. Many of the owners sold their property to builders who put up apartments or developed it into apartments themselves. Today Defence Colony is largely made up of apartments. 

Defence Colony is located only a few minutes away from the Indiranagar Metro Station. Auto Rickshaws are easily available on the main roads bordering the colony. There are also three bus stops nearby. One of 100 ft road at 6th main, and two on CMH road at Indiranagar police station and Chinmaya Mission Hospital. 

Defence Colony has a very active Residents Welfare Association. The Defence Colony Residents Association or DECORA is a voluntary association that looks after the interests of the residents of the colony. The association acts as a method for collective action by the residents. While the original function was to guard against illegal encroachment, the association also looks after civic amenities, residents welfare, security and communicates with local authorities to solve issues faced by residents. They have enforced zoning norms by shutting down 15 commercial establishments in the locality and protected two neighbourhood parks from encroachment. 

the incidents of street crime has been increasing over the years especially during the night. Defence Colony and surrounding areas suffers from a high rate of street crime with incidences of chain snatching, harassment and robbery reported regularly. 

100 feet road (that borders Defence Colony) is full of restaurants, pubs and high end retail shops. Within the Colony there are three parks, a children's park, a walking park and a senior citizens park, as well as a large open field. The children's park has playground equipment and lots of space for children to play. Opposite it is the walking park, which has a paved walking path surrounded by lots of trees, grass and other plants. The senior citizens park is a smaller version of the walking park exclusively for senior citizens. 

Bukola Saraki

Olubukola Abubakar Saraki, MBBS, CON (born 19 December 1962) is a Nigerian politician and was the 13th President of the Senate of Nigeria from 2015 to 2019 and Chair of the 8th Nigeria National Assembly. He was the Governor of Kwara State from 2003 to 2011; and was elected to the Senate in 2011, under the Peoples Democratic Party.

Saraki was educated at King's College, Lagos, where he graduated in 1978. He attended Cheltenham College, a public boarding school in the United Kingdom. He then proceeded to London Hospital Medical College of the University of London where he received a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS).

Saraki began his career as a medical officer at Rush Green Hospital, Essex. He was a director of Société Générale Bank (Nig) Ltd. In 2000, President Olusegun Obasanjo appointed Saraki as Special Assistant to the President on Budget.

Peoples Democratic Party (Nigeria)

The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is one of the oppositional political party in Nigeria that ruled for 16 years. 

In 1998, the PDP held its first presidential primary election held in Jos, Plateau State, North Central part of Nigeria. They nominated former military leader Olusegun Obasanjo who had just been released from detention as political prisoner as the presidential candidate in the elections of February 1999. Atiku Abubakar (Governor-Elect of Adamawa State and a former leading member of the Social Democratic Party) was his running mate. They won the presidential election and were inaugurated on 29 May 1999.

Vehicle registration plates of Lithuania

Standard number plates in Lithuania have three letters and three numbers (e.g. ABC 123) in black lettering on a white background. The plates are usually of the standard EU dimensions, but can also be manufactured in the American size for imported vehicles. All plates issued before 2004 also have a blue EU identification stripe on their left-hand edge.

Federal Mortgage Bank of Nigeria

The Federal Mortgage Bank of Nigeria was founded by the Federal Government of Nigeria in 1973. It replaced the Nigerian Building Society which was founded in 1956. The main purpose of this bank is to build houses. According to the constitution of Nigeria, the Federal Mortgage Bank was established to meet the housing needs of all citizens of the country.

Femi Gbajabiamila

Olufemi Hakeem Gbajabiamila (born 25 June 1962), is a Nigerian lawyer and current Speaker of Nigeria's 9th House of Representatives.

Gbajabiamila holds Bachelor of Law (LL.B.) with honors in 1983 and was called to the Nigerian bar in 1984.

Gbajabiamila began his career at law firm, Bentley Edu & Co., in Lagos, and then established his own law firm, Femi Gbaja & Co. He then earned his Juris Doctor from Atlanta's John Marshall Law School in Georgia, USA, passed the Georgian bar exam in 2001, and set up a law firm in Atlanta. While in the US, he actively participated in the election of Bill Campbell who later went on to become Mayor of Atlanta.

Blunderbuss

The Blunderbuss is a short, muzzleloading smoothbore gun, similar to a musket or carbine but has a bigger barrel designed for multiple pellets to be put in. It is considered to be a precursor to the shotgun. A blunderbuss in handgun shape was called a "dragon" which made way for the word "dragoon".
The term "blunderbuss" is from the Dutch language, from the Dutch word "donderbuis", which is a fusion of "donder", meaning "thunder", and "buis", meaning "Pipe" (Middle Dutch: "busse", box, tube, from Late Latin, "buxis", box, from Ancient Greek "pyxίs" (πυξίς), box: esp. from boxwood).

The evolution from "donder" to "blunder" is thought by few to be done on purpose; the term "blunder" was originally used in a transitive sense, synonymous with "to confuse", and this is thought to describe the very loud sound of the large-bore, short-barreled blunderbuss. The term "dragon" is taken from detail of older models that were designed with a carving in the shape of a dragon's head around the barrel; the muzzle blast would then give the impression of a fire-breathing dragon.

Names of the Supreme God in Meitei religion

In Sanamahism (Meitei religion), Atingkok, the Supreme God is known with 1000 names as mentioned in multiple Meitei scriptures. Unlike other faiths, in Meitei paganism, the Supreme God, himself, is the Creator of the Universe as well as the King of the Heaven. He is also the God of the Sky. He is the one who controls weather, rain, thunder and lightning.

Charles Chukwuma Soludo

Charles Chukwuma Soludo, CFR (born 28 July 1960) is a Nigerian professor of economics and politician serving as the current governor of Anambra State. He was the former governor of Central Bank of Nigeria. 

On November 9, 2021, Soludo, representing the All Progressives Grande Alliance, was declared the winner of the election for governor of Anambra state in 2021, defeating his closest rivals from the PDP and the APC, Valentine Ozigbo and Emmanuel Nnamdi Uba, respectively.

Soludo graduated with a First Class Honours degree in 1984, an MSc Economics in 1987, and a PhD in 1989, winning prizes for the best student at all three levels. He holds three degrees and then professorship at the University of Nigeria in Nsukka, Enugu State.

Kaikondrahalli Lake

Kaikondrahalli Lake is in Kaikondrahalli on Sarjapur Road, south east Bangalore and is spread over 48 acres of land. It is one of the traditional tank system in Bangalore which was created over hundreds of years ago and connected through a web of canals to different lakes. This was also used to provide water to the agricultural lands around the area. The region around the lake has encountered an expansion in land estate in the previous decade. 

Around the year 2000, the lake was filled up with fresh water and surrounded by various flora and fauna. By 2003, the lake had started to dry up as various channels to the lake was blocked due to construction and dumping of garbage. By 2007, the lake bed was a slushy bed of sewage and waste. This lake was later restored and is an example of urban commons revived by the local community with the help of the municipal corporation, BBMP (Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike).

In 2008, Priya Ramasubban, a documentary film maker and a local resident of Kaikondrahalli saw a report in the newspaper about a BBMP initiated rejuvenation program for the lake. Realising the then state of the Kaikondrahalli lake, she and other residents formed a small core group who invited other members with technical expertise to join them in the planning of rejuvenating Kaikondrahalli lake. The Detailed Project Report (DPR) had already been prepared and the budget had been sanctioned. The original DPR was looked into and redesigned to focus more on ecology than just the aesthetics of the lake park. Local residents contributed funds and collected hundreds of saplings of native species for plantation in the lake premises. Along with the local community, the then chief engineer of the lakes division of BBMP, Mr. BV Sathish coordinated with the local residents in the restoration of the lake.

Some of the changes made from the original DPR were to retain as much area under water as possible as the area around the lake is dependent on ground water. Using inputs from a local architect, access to the lake was provided to lake visitors as well as to the children of the school adjacent to the lake, which originally had to be fenced off from the lake. Washrooms were constructed and it could be used by the lake visitors and the school children. To prevent the main lake from getting polluted, the DPR was redesigned to build a separate enclosure at the corner of the lake for the immersion of idols during Ganesh Chaturthi and other religious festivals. The infrastructure was completed and water started flowing in after four years from its commencement of restoration. The small core group residents formed themselves into a non-profit trust called MAPSAS (Mahadevapura Parisara Samrakshane Mattu Abhivrudhi Samiti). The lake has been restored and maintained jointly by MAPSAS, BBMP and the local community. 

On February 4th, 2012, Nobel Laureate, Elinor Ostrom, American political economist, visited the Kaikondrahalli lake to look at its restoration work by the local community. A plaque regarding the same has been installed next to a jackfruit tree planted by Elinor Ostrom.

The group of residents responsible for the rejuvenation of the Kaikondrahalli lake formed a non-profit trust called MAPSAS (Mahadevapura Parisara Samrakshane Mattu Abhivrudhi Samiti) in 2011. The trust was formed to rejuvenate and maintain the chain of lakes such as Parappana Agrahara lake, Kudlu Dodda kere, Kudlu Chikka kere, Haralur lake, Kasavanahalli lake, Kaikondrahalli lake and Saul kere from the Parappana Agrahara series and Dodda Ambalipura, Chikka Ambalipura, Ibblur and Bellandur form another chain nearby. MAPSAS and the BBMP are jointly responsible for maintenance of these lakes. While the BBMP takes care of the initial big investments on infrastructure, MAPSAS takes care of the other aspects of daily maintenance. 

Kere Habba (Lake festival) is an annual celebration of the lake at the Kaikondrahalli lake. It features organic and eco-friendly santhe, live music performances, storytelling sessions, workshops, activities and a conference. This is a one-day sunrise to sunset event which focuses on two objectives – to show the significance of lakes and as a fundraiser for the maintenance of the lake. On 16th February, 2020, MAPSAS along with BBMP conducted its 6th edition of this festival which took place from 6am to 6pm, with events such as the bird walk, kere run, photography workshop, puppet show, storytelling, Yakshagana, etc. 

As the resources reduced for the monthly maintenance of the lake, in 2017 four residents from around the lake, Pushpa Krishna, Rinaz Mohammad, Padma Srinivas and her husband Srinivas Sampath, took part in the 42 km Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon (SCMM) and individually started a fundraiser on Milaap for the upkeep of the lake. Altogether they raised up to nearly 3.3 lakhs for the maintenance of the Kaikondrahalli lake. Other than this, every year, Kere Habba is celebrated which is also a fundraiser collected through various stalls and activities conducted from sunrise to sunset on one particular day. 

In 2014, a survey was conducted to identify the various Flora and Fauna species at the Kaikondrahalli lake. According to the survey, around 43 species of birds, 26 species of reptiles and 3000 plants comprising at least 33 varieties have been identified. Many migratory birds also visit this biodiversity lake from October to March. This in turn gathers many photography enthusiasts and bird watchers to the lake.

The park has various facilities such as walking/jogging pathway, washroom, play areas, parks, cycling tracks, butterfly garden and an amphitheatre. People can also bring their pets with them to the park from 5am – 11am and 3pm to 7pm. 

In the recent years, the lake has been suffering from algal growth and stench due to the sewage entering the lake from a close by private property. To resolve this issue MAPSAS had taken an initiative to pour Effective Microorganism (EM) solution into the lake. Few days after that, MAPSAS and volunteers from around the area gathered to make bokashi balls (Japanese technique that clears off sludge) to dump in the lake. It was made using the bokashi powder (containing sawdust and husk), mixed with cow dung, red mud sludge from the lake, jaggery and effective microorganism (EM) solution. This mixture was then rolled into balls and left to activate, after which it was dumped in the lake. 

During every summer, since 2018, the lake water has had algal bloom and the stench. Pouring of EM solution and dropping Bokashi balls into the lake has only become a temporary solution. MAPSAS also took initiative in seeking the BBMP Lakes team’s help in initiating an underground drainage system to diverge sewage water from the lake, as a long-term relief. The BBMP has thus decided to spend Rs.3 crore for constructing diversion drain at Kaikondrahalli lake. 

In 2013, as an initiative by the Stockholm Resilience Centre, Swedish University, a documentary film, 'Kaikondarahalli lake – The Uncommon Story of an Urban Commons', was released. Harini Nagendra, an ecologist and a community member of the Kaikondrahalli lake was approached by Nobel Laureate Elinor Ostrom to do a research project on the conservation of the Kaikondrahalli lake by the local community. The film was has two versions- a three minute clipping to screen during seminars and conferences and a longer version which was uploaded to the biodiversity page of the university website.

A. Krishnappa

A. Krishnappa (10 April 1945 - 23 April 2014) was an Indian politician. In 1985, he was elected as Member of the Legislative Assembly for the Varthur Assembly Constituency in the state of Karnataka. Krishnappa was a member of the Congress Party for almost three decades. After he left it he joined the Janata Dal party. 

He contested as the Janata Dal candidate from Tumkur parliamentary constituency in the next elections and was confident of winning the seat. Being a former minister and a leader of backward classes as well, he was elected as the state president in the month of September 2013 after H D Kumaraswamy gave up his position. Mr. Krishnappa served at the Varthur constituency for almost four courses, that is twenty years in total and worked as a Minister for Animal Husbandry, Social Welfare, Horticulture, and Sugar. 

Following the polls, Mr. Deve Gowda said to press persons of The Hindu that by naming A. Krishnappa, one thing had been confirmed. It is that the Janata Dal was not a political party of father and son as it was claimed by other political critics. “This is the testimony of the party’s concern for backward classes,” as mentioned in the news reports. 

In the year 2015, The Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike election for the wards within the K R Puram Assembly Constituency had transformed into a personal argument between the Congress MLA, Byrati Basavaraj, and former BJP MLA, N. S. Nandiesha Reddy. Until 2008, this constituency was a Congress stronghold that was represented by Mr. A Krishnappa. But, Nandeesh Reddy won the assembly election in 2008. The BJP won eight out of nine wards in the 2010 BBMP elections. Congress only won the Basavanapura ward in K.R.Puram. It was a time where a Congress win would accommodate Basavaraju to additionally strengthen his post and make an appearance as the new leader in Bengaluru. While for Nandeesh Reddy, a win would encourage him to recover his grip on the constituency.

In the year 2013, N. Dharam Singh, former chief minister of Karnataka, Mr. Krishnappa along with a few other corporators of K R Puram looked over and examined the hanging bridge of Krishnarajapuram that was initiated on January 26, 2003, by the former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.

Mr. Krishnappa was the chairperson of the South East Asian Education Trust. He died on April 23, 2014. Mr. Krishnappa suffered a heart attack in the evening while he was playing badminton in his SEA college of Engineering at Ayyappa Nagar circle in K R Puram. News reports state that he was resting in the badminton arena around 6 in the evening during when he abruptly complained of chest pain and collapsed in the court. He was rushed to the K R Puram Super Speciality Hospital. Mr. Krishnappa’s body was brought to BVN High School in Devasandra, where he served as a committee member for more than a decade. It was kept for his supporters, companions, and other people to look at him for the last time. 

A statue and a Mahal have been built in his SEA education institution to commemorate him. It is named after him as Krishna Mahal.



Turms

Turms or Turm was a god in Etruscan mythology. He was a god of boundaries and a messenger to the Underworld. He was like Hermes in Greek mythology or Mercury to the Romans.

Frank Kendall III

Frank Kendall III (born January 26, 1949) is an American engineer, lawyer, and executive. He is the 26th United States Secretary of the Air Force since 2021. From 2012 to 2017 he served as the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics in the Barack Obama administration.

In April 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Kendall III to be the United States Secretary of the Air Force. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate in July 2021.

Maltipoo

The maltipoo is a mix of the dog breeds Maltese and Poodle.

The Maltese are believed to have originated from the small island of Malta, located south of Sicily, Italy. Over the centuries, these dogs were loved by royalty, and were considered part of the royal family. The popularity of the Maltese grew steadily and gradually over the years, and they were finally introduced to America in the late 1800s.animalatoz.com

The Standard Poodle can be traced back to France in the 15th century. These curly-haired dogs were so popular during that time that they became known as the national breed of France. Although it took almost three centuries, poodles began to gain popularity in other countries such as Spain. During the following century, the standard poodle was bred to the size we now label toy and miniature poodles.

Although it is known that the Maltipoo is a new poodle mix, it is not very easy to find the exact place or year that this mixed breed was created. No single person or organization took credit for the first puppy of this new mix.

Many maltipoos are white, but you can find black, brown, and red maltipoos.

Maltipoos should be kept inside, they cannot be outside for too long. They should only be put outside to use the bathroom, play, or exercise.

Maltipoos should be given a bath every 3 weeks to a month. Maltipoos sheds very little to none, making it a good pet for people with allergies.

International Lunar Research Station

The International Lunar Research Station (ILRS) is a planned moon base to be built by Roscosmos (of Russia) and the China National Space Administration. The goal of the ILRS is for scientific experiments and other research. It would also focus on exploration of the moon. Russia and China have invited other countries and organizations to help with the project. They intend to start a long-term presence on the moon between 2036 and 2045. Prior to this many missions will be needed to explore and prepare for a base.

Babington Plot

The Babington Plot is a plan in 1586 to assassinate Queen Elizabeth I and put her cousin Mary, Queen of Scots on the throne instead.

Dear Zindagi

Dear Zindagi () is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language coming-of-age romantic comedy drama movie written and directed by Gauri Shinde. It was produced by Gauri Khan, Karan Johar, and Shinde under the banners of Red Chillies Entertainment, Dharma Productions, and Hope Productions respectively. The film stars Alia Bhatt and Shah Rukh Khan in lead roles, while Ira Dubey, Kunal Kapoor, Angad Bedi, Ali Zafar, Yashaswini Dayama and Rohit Suresh Saraf are playing the supporting roles.

"Dear Zindagi" released worldwide on 25 November 2016 and received positive reviews and was a success at the box office. The audience loved Alia Bhatt and Shah Rukh Khan's performances a lot.


Embodiment theory

Embodiment theory is the idea that human thought comes from parts of the body other than the brain and not only from the brain.

Aashiqui 2

Aashiqui 2 () is a 2013 Indian Hindi-language romantic musical drama movie directed by Mohit Suri and produced by Mukesh Bhatt, Bhushan Kumar and Krishan Kumar under the Vishesh Films and T-Series Films, with Mahesh Bhatt serving as presenter. This is a sequel to the 1990 musical movie "Aashiqui" and the movie stars Aditya Roy Kapur and Shraddha Kapoor in the lead roles, with Shaad Randhawa and Mahesh Thakur in supporting roles.

The movie released on 26 April 2013 and opened to positive reviews and the movie became a commercial success at the box-office although there were newcomers, and was one of the highest-grossing Bollywood films of 2013. This movie was a turning point in both Aditya Roy Kapur and Shraddha Kapoor's movie careers.


Faroe Islanders

Faroe Islanders are people who inhabit the Faroe Islands.

Krrish 3

Krrish 3 is a 2013 Indian Hindi-language superhero film produced and directed by Rakesh Roshan, and written by Honey Irani and Robin Bhatt. It is the third film in the "Krrish" series, following "Koi... Mil Gaya" (2003) and "Krrish" (2006). The film stars Hrithik Roshan, Vivek Oberoi, Priyanka Chopra and Kangana Ranaut.

"Krrish 3" released worldwide on 1 November 2013. It has received generally positive reviews and became a blockbuster. Roshan and Ranaut's performances, the visual effects, the cinematography, and entertainment value were good according to the audience, but the music by Rajesh Roshan, the narration, and the screenplay were terrible according to the audience.

Krishna enjoys married life with Priya until he crosses paths with Kaal, an evil genius, and neither is prepared for what lies ahead.


Joe Biden 2024 presidential campaign

The 2024 presidential campaign of Joe Biden was announced by Joe Biden, the 46th president of the United States. He announced his reelection campaign for the 2024 presidential election on April 25, 2023.

Biden is currently seeking the nomination for the Democratic primaries to be reelected as president.

After Biden won the 2020 United States presidential election, he became the first presidential candidate to defeat an incumbent president since the 1992 presidential election. Biden also became the oldest president ever elected in the United States.

During late 2021, as Biden was suffering from low approval ratings and nationwide polls urged Biden not to run for reelection due to his unpopularity and his age.

Biden is the oldest person to assume the office at the age of 78. He will be 82 at the end of his first term. If re-elected, he would be 86 at the end of his second term.

In November 2022, Donald Trump, who Biden had defeated in the 2020 election, announced his candidacy for a non-consecutive term. 

This later caused wide speculation that both Biden and Trump may face a potential rematch in the 2024 election. If both Biden and Trump are renominated, this would be the first presidential rematch since the 1956 presidential election.

On April 25, 2023, Biden announced his reelection campaign in a campaign ad for the 2024 election.

This officially makes Biden's fourth presidential campaign, as he ran for president in, 1988, 2008, 2020, and is running for reelection again in 2024.

Major issues such as inflation, crime, immigration, abortion rights, LGBT rights, and gun control are expected to be leading campaign topics of the 2024 election.

Taylor's yellow tree frog

The Taylor's yellow tree frog ("Dendropsophus sartori") is a frog that lives in Mexico, from Jalisco to Oaxaca. It lives in forests and wetlands far from the ocean.

Brother, Can You Spare Two Dimes?

"Brother, Can You Spare Two Dimes?" is the 24th episode of "The Simpsons" 3rd season. It is the last episode of the season (the season finale). It was first broadcast on the Fox network on August 27, 1992. 

In the episode, Mr. Burns gives Homer Simpson $2,000. Homer loans the money to his homeless half-brother Herb Powell. The episode was written by John Swartzwelder. Rich Moore is the director of the episode. Danny DeVito guest stars as Herb and Joe Frazier guest stars as himself. Herb was in the episode "Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?" where Homer makes him bankrupt. Many fans thought that episode had a sad ending. Producers of "The Simpsons" made the episode "Brother, Can You Spare Two Dimes?" because of that. 

Mr. Burns learns that Homer Simpson is sterile because of his power plant's radiation. He gives Homer a fake award, $2,000, and makes him sign a wavier that does not let him sue Mr. Burns. Homer wants to buy a vibrating chair with the $2,000. His half-brother Herb Powell asks Homer to loan him the money. Herb was a car manufacturer before Homer made him bankrupt and homeless in the episode "Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?". Homer goes him the money. Herb sees a baby cry and makes a machine that lets people know what babies say. Herb's machine makes him rich and successful again. Herb gives Homer the money back and gives the Simpson family gifts. Herb forgives Homer for making him bankrupt and buys him the vibrating chair Homer wanted.

"Brother, Can You Spare Two Dimes?" was written by John Swartzwelder. Rich Moore is the director of the episode. The episode was broadcast later in the 3rd season because the Fox network wanted producers to make another episode to be broadcast in the summer. Writers, animators, and producers had to work longer to make the episode. The idea of the vibrating chair came from one of the writers. They bought a vibrating chair to relax after working long hours of making the episode.

The reason another episode with Herb was made was that fans were sad that Herb became bankrupt in "Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?". This episode was made to show Herb getting rich again. One of the producers wanted Herb to say "I have an idea!" at the end of the "Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?". They instead made it into the story of this episode. Producers liked Danny DeVito as a guest star in the first episode with Herb and got him back for this episode. However, Hank Azaria said that DeVito was not as happy to guest star again. He said "The second time, Danny DeVito was like 'Yeah, yeah, yeah, let's get it over with.' He did a great job, but he didn't enjoy the process."

The writers of the episode had many ideas of what Herb would make to get rich again. The script of the episode had too many pages, so some parts of the episode were taken out. One of the parts that were taken out was Herb trying to get on a train to the Simpsons' town Springfield. Writers later put this idea in the season 8 episode "Burns, Baby Burns". There was going to be a joke about the Soviet Union breaking up. This was not put in the episode because the Soviet Union broke up after the episode was done being written (and it was not broadcast yet).

Joe Frazier guest stars as himself in the episode. He was in Burns' ceremony for Homer's fake award. Al Jean said that it was hard for Frazier to say the word "excellence" right. George Meyer said that Frazier said it right after 20 tries. The episode was going to show Barney Gumble beating Frazier in boxing. Frazier was a world heavyweight championship before. Frazier's son did not want that part of the episode to be shown. He said that Frazier was a world champion, "and a world champion does not get knocked out. My dad has only been knocked down twice, and that was by George Foreman." Producers wanted Foreman to be in the episode, but they could not get him in.

The episode got a Nielsen rating of 10.7. This means that the episode was seen in about 9.76 houses. It got the second best ratings of the week on the Fox network (the first being the 44th Primetime Emmy Awards).

Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood (authors of "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide") liked the episode. Parts of the episode they liked the most were Homer in the vibrating chair and Maggie using Herb's machine for babies. David Eklid from "The Guardian" said that this episode, "Lisa's Pony", and "Stark Raving Dad" make the 3rd season "pretty much the best season of any television show, ever." Nathan Ditum from "Total Film" thought that the episode referencing the movie "" was one of the best movie references of "The Simpsons".

Nate Meyers from Digitally Obsessed talked good about Herb being in another episode. Meyers said that Herb is "a perfect sibling" for Homer and said the episode has "plenty of laughs". Bill Gibron from DVD Verdict liked the jokes about the vibrating chair and thought that producers did a good job of putting Herb in another episode.

Colin Jacobson from DVD Movie Guide thought that DeVito being the voice of Herb "helps make the show more successful" and said "they really need to being him back one of these days." Tom Adair from "The Scotsman" called it a classic episode. Bill Gibron thought that DeVito was a good choice for Herb. He said that he is the opposite of how Dan Castellaneta does the voice of Homer. Nathan Ditum put DeVito on his list of the 20 best guest stars of "The Simpsons".


Samuel Aruwan

Samuel Aruwan (born 10 May 1982) is a Nigerian journalist and the current Commissioner for Kaduna State Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs. 

Aruwan is a graduate of Mass Communication from Kaduna Polytechnic, Kaduna. He attended the African Investigative Journalism training at the University of the Witwatersrand. He has professional qualifications about Nigerian journalists on countering religious extremism at the Tony Blair Institute for Global Change, London and at Drew University’s Institute on Religion and Conflict Transformation, New Jersey.

Tony Xu

Tony Xu, (born 1985 as Xu Xun) (Chinese: 徐迅), is a Chinese-American technology executive. He is the co-founder and CEO of DoorDash. Which is an American Company that operate an online food ordering and food delivery platform.
Xu has bachelor's degrees in Industrial Engineering and Operations Research from the University of California, Berkeley and an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business.

Xu began his career at his mom’s restaurant washing dishes where he found the inspiration for a delivery service. He announced that DoorDash's profitability was his top priority.

Andy Fang

Andy Fang is a Chinese-American billionaire tech entrepreneur. He is best known as the co-founder and Chief Technology Officer at DoorDash.
Fang has a bachelor's degree in Computer Science from Stanford University.

Hotel Transylvania: Transformania

Hotel Transylvania: Transformania (also called Hotel Transylvania 4: Transformania) is a 2022 American computer-animated adventure comedy movie. It was produced by Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation. It is the sequel to "", starring Brian Hull as the voice of Dracula and Selena Gomez as Mavis, Dracula's daughter, and features Asher Blinkoff as Dennis. It released on January 14, 2022. It released on Blu-ray, DVD, and Digital HD on August 15, 2023 by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.


Eric Yuan

Eric S. Yuan (Chinese: 袁征; pinyin: "Yuán Zhēng)" is a Chinese-American businessman, engineer, and the CEO and Founder of Zoom Video Communications.

Yuan obtained a bachelor's degree in applied mathematics with a minor in computer application from Shandong University of Science and Technology. He has master's degree in geology engineering from China University of Mining and Technology in Beijing. 

The Wishing Tree (movie)

The Wishing Tree (, , ) is a 1974 Georgian drama movie directed by Tengiz Abuladze and was based on the short stories by Giorgi Leonidze. It stars Lika Kavzharadze, Kakhi Kavsadze, Zaza Kolelishvili, Sofiko Chiaureli, Erosi Manjgaladze.

Escape from the Planet of the Apes

Escape from the Planet of the Apes is a 1971 American science fiction action movie directed by Don Taylor and is the third movie in the original "Planet of the Apes" series. It stars Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Bradford Dillman, Natalie Trundy, Eric Braeden, William Windom, Sal Mineo, M. Emmet Walsh and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Sundaresh Menon

Sundaresh Menon (born 1962) is a Singaporean lawyer and jurist serving as the 4th Chief Justice of Singapore since 2012.

Lim Bo Seng

Lim Bo Seng (27 April 1909 – 29 June 1944) was a Chinese resistance fighter based in Singapore and Malaya during World War II.

Battle for the Planet of the Apes

Battle for the Planet of the Apes is a 1973 American science fiction movie directed by J. Lee Thompson and is the fifth and final movie in the original "Planet of the Apes" series. It stars Roddy McDowall, Claude Akins, Natalie Trundy, Severn Darden, Lew Ayres, John Huston, Austin Stoker, France Nuyen, John Landis and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Kudle Beach

Kudle Beach is a natural 'C' shaped beach in Gokarna, Karnataka, India. It is considered to be one of the top 5 beaches, the northern end of which is connected to the main beach of Gokarna and the southern part, connected to Om beach. The lack of easy accessibility to the general public renders it as a neat, natural, cleaner and less crowded location to witness the sunset. There are no roads leading to Kudle beach which is further up north of Om beach, surrounded by hills on both ends. Recently, Kudle Beach had made news as it was claimed to be the birthplace of Lord Hanuman as per Valmiki Ramayana, which was asserted by head of Ramachandrapura Mutt in Shivamogga. Water sports, scuba diving and boating attract enough tourists to the beach. It is usually visited for a time period of two-three hours.

Kudle beach can be easily accessed by train and bus. There are no direct flights to Kudle. Rental services like cab can also be availed. By train, the nearest railway station is the Madgaon railway station and the biggest railway station nearby is the Ankola railway station, which is about 20 kms from the beach. The local station, Gokarna railway station is only 3 kms away from the Kudle Beach. This is a small railway station and hence not quite often travelled by. From the train station, one can reach Gokarna city by bus or auto.

Buses ply to Gokarna from all the major cities. From Mangalore and Bangalore, the buses are overnight (5–10 hours). The common point for buses coming from other station is the Shivamogga bus station from where, transport is available till Bangla Gudda.

By road, Bangalore is at a distance of 450 kms from Kudle beach, while the other main cities like Mangalore and Goa are at a distance of 235 kms and 147 kms respectively.

The nearest airport is the Daoblin airport, goa at a distance of 110 kms from the city. Bangalore and Mangalore have airports as well for traveling to Kudle beach.

The beach is famed for its natural, unpolluted water. The best time to visit is in winter from November till March when the temperature is 20-30 °C. During summers, from April- june, the temperature rises up to 40 °C and during monsoon from July to October, the place receives a considerable amount of rainfall due to which the roads leading to the beach can get slippery and slushy. The beach consists of Sahyadri rocks and an expanse of white sand. Studies show that it might be vulnerable to sea erosion is high sand dunes are not established to be stabilised by vegetation. At times, Jelly fishes are washed across the shores as well.

They were found to be in the fine sand class. The mean particle size could be fixed at 2.017-3.18. While the morphology of the beach keeps changing, this could be attributed to the seasonal variations that occur. The various heavy metals that are found in the region are rutile, kyanite, zircon, hypersthene and magnetite.

The various water sports are Kayaking that helps to move across the water, Jet skiing under a trained jet instructor in which the average power remains around 100-135 hp and Banana boat, a banana shaped boat for adult entertainment in which children are not allowed. Scuba diving, allows to get a view of the beautiful sea flowers and corals. Surfing can also be done when the waves are three to five feet tall.

There is no entrance fee, however for parking Rs.100 is taken. Everyone can visit it at any time of the day.It is advisable to visit it from 6 am till about 4 pm, after which it gets dark. Tourists visit the location for about 2–3 hours in general. There are no immediate medical facilities available near Kudle beach and as Kudle beach is in an isolated area, mobile connectivity is affected.

The Yacoubian Building (movie)

The Yacoubian Building (, transliterated: "ʿImārat Yaʿqūbīān" or "Omaret Yakobean") is a 2006 Egyptian French drama movie directed by Marwan Hamed and was based on the novel of the same name by Alaa Al Aswany. It stars Adel Emam, Nour El-Sherif, Yousra, Hend Sabri, Somaya El Khashab, Ahmed Rateb. It was turned into a television series in 2007.

Diceware

Diceware is a method of creating passwords and cryptographic letters using ordinary dice as a random number generator.

Here are some examples created from diceware:

Almaz

Almaz was a space program by the military of the Soviet Union. Its purpose was to spy on other countries using space stations. After some time, the program changed to using spy satellites instead.

Since it is hard to hide a space station, the Soviets tried to keep the program a secret another way. They pretended the stations were civilian and gave them names in the Salyut series. The Salyut stations (such as Salyut 1) were normally to learn about how to live in space.

The Almaz program sent three stations to space, but the first failed. In the later years of the program, satellites were used instead since they are cheaper.

The Almaz program sent three space stations to space. These were Salyut 2, Salyut 3, and Salyut 5. These had large space telescopes to spy on other countries. The cosmonauts on the station operated these and used cameras to record what they saw.

The Salyut 3 station also had a large cannon, which was test fired once.

In 1978, Almaz began to using spy satellites instead of space stations. Four were made as part of the program. These used radar to observe the ground instead of telescopes.

The first was Almaz-T which launched on 29 October 1986. The Proton rocket in launched on failed, and was destroyed by its safety system. The next was Almaz-T2, which went to space on 25 July 1987 and stayed in space for two years. The third was Almaz-1 which launched on 3 March 1991 and stayed in space for 18 months. A fourth satellite (Almaz-2) was built but never sent to space.

The design of the Almaz space stations continues to be used even today. The Zarya module of the International Space Station is based on it. And before that, the Kvant-1 module of Mir was based on it.


São Jacinto

São Jacinto, also known as San Jacinto or Sao Jacinto, is an island at the tidal mouth of the Zuari River in the Indian state of Goa. It is one of the few islands of Goa where human settlement exists, which is located on the west coast of the Indian peninsula. 

The island is closest to the estuary's southern banks and is connected to the mainland via a bridge with a motor-able road named "Silver Gate." The island is home to an abandoned lighthouse that is passionately protected by the locals. Close to the lighthouse, on top of the São Jacinto hill, stands a rebuilt St. Dominicks Peter & Paul's Chapel which was first built in the late 50s. A church in the name of St. Hyacinth, the patron saint of the island, overlooks the waters of the river towards the east. On the last Sunday of September, the villagers hold a feast in honour of the church. 

The local residents of São Jacinto, who are a fishing community, have been living there since the Portuguese times in beautiful little houses located in the South-West of the island consisting of both native Goan and typically Portuguese Goan architecture. Earlier, there used to be a causeway that would connect São Jacinto to the mainland.

The island is home to a number of species and is considered a biodiversity hotspot, where species like the window-pane oysters, plate corals, clams, and crabs are found. The islanders, being protective, have taken the responsibility for ensuring a balance between species conservation and fishing for a livelihood. Having disallowed commercial use of the island and obstructing the advances of industrialization, San Jacinto remains a well-conserved treasure trove of nature and natural beauty.

A report on the Coastal Zone Management Plan was released in 2021 and displayed at the Chicalim village Panchayat. The report failed to show any of the approximately 200 houses on the island, also stating that it hosts a chapel that dates back to 1771 and thus should be cleared off. The people of São Jacinto were upset with the draft and took measures to reach out to relevant persons to protest the ignorance of the management. Before releasing the document, the political leadership had even assured the inhabitants that all houses on the island will be included in the draft before having it scrutinized it for final publication.

The draft further listed the island under the Port Limits of Mormugao Port Trust. The reason behind this move is feared by the locals as it could allow the islanders to be at the mercy of the MPT which may transfer the serene land to industrial lobby groups and displace the people of São Jacinto in its stead.
The villagers have refused to accept the injustice meted out to them, strongly resolving to protect their homeland at all costs.

Salyut

The Salyut program was a space program by the Soviet Union to create space stations. There were seven, single-module stations with the name Salyut that made it to orbit. An additional two stations failed during launch and were not given names starting with Salyut.

Three of these space stations were part of the Almaz series of millitary space stations, instead of the civilian Salyut program. They used the name Salyut in order to try to hide their military use.

Part of the design of the Salyut stations was later used as the basis for the core module of Mir. It was also used in the Zvezda servide module of the International Space Station. Part of the design of the Almaz stations was later used as the basis for the Kvant-1 module in Mir and the Zarya module of the International Space Station.

Tara Sutaria

Tara Sutaria (born 19 November 1995) is an Indian actress, singer and dancer who works in Hindi films and television. She started her television career as a child artist in 2010 with Disney India's "Big Bada Boom" and went on to star in the channel's sitcoms "The Suite Life of Karan & Kabir" (2012) and "Oye Jassie" (2013). In 2019, Sutaria made her film debut in the movie "Student of the Year 2", which also starred Tiger Shroff and Ananya Panday. The latter also made her debut. She played a college student in the teen drama for which she won awards for her debut. Also in 2019, she played a mute girl in the action film "Marjaavaan".

Tara Sutaria Biography 

Ananya Panday

Ananya Panday (born 30 October 1998) is an Indian actress who works in Hindi films. She is the daughter of actor Chunky Pandey, She made her film debut with a leading role in the teen film "Student of the Year 2," along with Tiger Shroff and Tara Sutaria. The latter also made her debut in films. She acted in the romantic comedy "Pati Patni Aur Woh". For Student of The Year 2, she was credited well for her performances and she won multiple awards for that film.

Budigere

Budigere is a town in East Bengaluru, Karnataka, India. It is in Hoskote Taluk, Devanahalli block, Bengaluru Rural district. It is just off Old Madras Road.
Budigere is at the border of the Bengaluru Rural District. The post office of Budigere is Budigere B.O. The pin code is 56129. The police station is Hoskote Police Station. Budigere is 25.9 km from Bengaluru city. It is 8.8 km from Kempegowda International Airport. The nearest railway station is Whitefield Railway Station, which is 5km away. The closest bus depot is Hoskote bus depot. Budigere Cross is a neighborhood in Budigere. It is also connected to the Chennai-Bengaluru Corridor, KR Puram, Whitefield, Hoodi and Hoskote. 

There are several lakes in Budigere. One is the Bommenahalli Lake. The lake is mostly dried up. Its coordinates are 13°4'40"N 77°44'41"E. Manchapanhalli Lake is 4.3km away. Hoskote Lake is 6.1km away. Its coordinates are 13°4'28"N 77°46'6"E. The lake is famous for its bird sightings. Birds such as pelicans, kingfishers, strokes and yellow-billed blabbers can be spotted here. It is popular among bird watchers. 

The Lok Sabha constituency is the Chikkaballapur parliamentary constituency. The member of parliament is B.N Bache Gowda.

Nimbekaipura (English: Lemon Town) is a village in Budigere Cross, Budigere. It is close to Mandur. It is believed that about 200-300 years ago, a lemon tree used to grow here. This tree was the only one closest to the neighborhood. As the village expanded, it was named Nimbekaipura after the tree. The tree was uprooted about 30 years ago due to a major storm. Due to the loss of the tree, surrounding villages do not travel to Nimbekaipura frequently. Today, several real estate properties have come up in the village.

There are several temples in the area. Some of them are Sai Baba temple, Sri Sankashtahara Ganapati Devalaya and Sree Darmaraya Swamy Temple. Jamia Masjid, Madina Masjid and Makka Masjid are a few of the mosques in Budigere. 

The schools in Budigere include Vibgyor High School, Sterling English School and New Baldwin International School. The colleges nearby are Surya Nursing College, Eat Point College of Engineering and Technology and Srinivasa College of Pharmacy. 

Mission Hospital, Sakra Hospital, Global Eye Foundation, East Point Hospital And College Of Medical Sciences are few of the hospitals in the area. There are no local parks in the area. 

Orion Uptown Mall has opened up in the neighborhood. Several builders such as Brigade, Prestige, Salarpuria have built gated communities here. 

A railway project has been announced, which will provide connectivity to the Kempegowda International Airport (KIA), via Budigere Cross. Bus priority lanes will be set up on the KR Puram - Budigere Cross.

A community organization called Budigere Raising is present. It consists of residents from the neighboring gated communities. They organize events such as cardiac health camp, free eye camp, blood donation drive, and free covid testing.

Moti Daman Fort

Moti Daman Fort is in the Union territory Daman and Diu, i.e. Daman. It is 112 sq.km. in size. Daman has a little more than 243,000 people. The union territories of Daman and Diu and Dadra and Nagar Haveli have been combined into one unit. There are two forts in Daman, Moti Daman Fort and Nani Daman Fort.

The Fort formally built originally by the Mughals and later Strenghtened by the Portuguese,the Myth of the Material used by the Mughals to build the fort Stones sand and Jaggry has we say in india it does make sense since Jaggry when it is a solid state has elements of glue properties so its possible that it could well be Jaggry,

Moti Daman fort was built by the Portuguese. They began in 1559.

The Fort of Moti Daman has an area of 30,000 sq metres and still has cannons on its walls. The original colour of the wall cannot be seen because moss has grown on it. The old buildings are still intact and people use them as government offices now. People can visit the fort. There is a lighthouse inside the fort. It has a view of the Moti Daman, Nani Daman and the beach. A house where the Portuguese poet Bokage lived is near the entrance of the fort. 

Inside the fort, there are three main churches, Church of Bom Jesus, the Chapel of Our Lady of the Rosary and the Church of Our Lady of Remedies. Church of Bom Jesus is the most famous of them all. 

The Church of Bom Jesus is an example of Portuguese architecture. It was established in the year 1559 and was consecrated in 1603. The Shrine, the wooden altars and the intricately carved gateways give off the vibe of the olden days. The southern entrance has the statues of six saints and the whole monument shouts of traditional Roman architecture. Both tourists and religious visitors come to see it.

Nani Daman Fort is a small fort with high stone walls. It has two gateways with two huge human figures that face towards the Daman Ganga River. The Fort is a smaller version of Moti Daman Fort with an area of 12,250 sq. metres. The church of Our Lady of the Sea is one of the main buildings in it. 

Beefalo

The beefalo is a fertile hybrid of domestic cattle ("Bos taurus"), usually a male in managed breeding programs, and the American bison ("Bison bison"), usually a female in managed breeding programs. The breed was created to combine the characteristics of both animals for beef production.

Beefalo are primarily cattle in genetics and appearance, with the breed association defining a full Beefalo as one with three-eighths (37.5%) bison genetics, while animals with higher percentages of bison genetics are called "bison hybrids".

Accidental crosses were noticed as long ago as 1749 in the Southern states, during British colonization. Cattle and bison were first intentionally crossbred during the 19th century. The first deliberate attempts to cross breed bison with cattle was made by Colonel Samuel Bedson, warden of Stoney Mountain Penitentiary, Winnipeg, in 1880. Bedson bought eight bison from a captive herd of James McKay and inter-bred them with Durham cattle. The hybrids raised by Bedson were described by naturalist Ernest Thompson Seton:

After seeing thousands of cattle die in a Kansas blizzard in 1886, Charles "Buffalo" Jones, a co-founder of Garden City, Kansas, also worked to cross bison and cattle at a ranch near the future Grand Canyon National Park, with the hope the animals could survive the harsh winters. He called the result "cattalo" in 1888. Mossom Martin Boyd of Bobcaygeon, Ontario first started the practice in Canada, publishing about some of his outcomes in the Journal of Heredity. After his death in 1914, the Canadian government continued experiments in crossbreeding up to 1964, with little success. In 1936 the Canadian government had successfully cross-bred only 30 cattalos.

It was found early on that crossing a male bison with a domestic cow would produce few offspring, but that crossing a domestic bull with a bison cow apparently solved the problem. The female offspring proved fertile, but rarely so for the males. Although the cattalo performed well, the mating problems meant the breeder had to maintain a herd of wild and difficult-to-handle bison cows.

In 1965, Jim Burnett of Montana produced a hybrid bull that was fertile. Soon after, Cory Skowronek of California formed the World Beefalo Association and began marketing the hybrids as a new breed. The new name, Beefalo, was meant to separate this hybrid from the problems associated with the old cattalo hybrids. The breed was eventually set at being genetically at least five-eighths "Bos taurus" and at most three-eighths "Bison bison".

A United States Department of Agriculture study found Beefalo meat, like bison meat, is lower in fat and cholesterol than regular beef cattle.

In 1983, the three main Beefalo registration groups reorganized under the American Beefalo World Registry. Until November 2008, there were two Beefalo associations, the American Beefalo World Registry and American Beefalo International. These organizations jointly formed the American Beefalo Association, Inc., which currently operates as the registering body for Beefalo in the United States.

Most current bison herds are genetically polluted or partly crossbred with cattle. There are only four genetically unmixed American bison herds left, and only two that are also free of brucellosis: the Wind Cave bison herd that roams Wind Cave National Park, South Dakota; and the Henry Mountains herd in the Henry Mountains of Utah. A herd on Catalina Island, California is not genetically pure or self-sustaining. Dr. Dirk Van Vuren, formerly of the University of Kansas points out that "The bison today that carry cattle DNA look exactly like bison, function exactly like bison and in fact are bison. For conservation groups, the interest is that they are not totally pure."

The term "cattalo" is defined by United States law as a cross of bison and cattle which have a bison appearance. In Canada, however, the term is used for hybrids of all degrees and appearance.

In some American states, cattalo are regulated as "exotic animals", along with pure bison and deer. However, in most states, bison and hybrids which are raised solely for livestock (meat and sale) purposes similar to cattle, are considered domestic animals like cattle, and do not require special permits.


Karan Johar

Karan Kumar Johar (born Ankul Kumar Johar, 25 May 1972), is an Indian film director, producer, screenwriter, costume designer, actor and television personality who works in Hindi films. 

He is the son of producer Yash Johar, he made his directorial debut with the romantic comedy-drama "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" (1998). The film starred Shah Rukh Khan, Kajol, and Rani Mukherji. The film was a blockbuster and earned him the Filmfare Award for Best Director and the Filmfare Award for Best Screenplay. His next films, the group family melodrama "Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham" (2001) and the ensemble musical romantic drama "Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna" (2006), all starring Shah Rukh Khan, were both very successful in the national and global market. His social drama "My Name Is Khan" (2010) earned him his second Filmfare Award for Best Director. The 2018 spy thriller "Raazi" won him Filmfare Award for Best Film. These, along with the several successful films he has produced under the Dharma Productions banner, have considered him as one of the leading director-producers in Hindi cinema.

Johar has also volunteered successfully into other approaches to the entertainment industry. He hosts a television talk show, "Koffee with Karan", a dating show "What the Love!" and a radio show "Calling Karan", and appeared as a judge on competition reality shows "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa", "India's Got Talent", "India's Next Superstars". Those shows have become very popular.

In 2020, he was granted with the Padma Shri award, the fourth-highest civilian honour of India.

Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna

Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna (), also abbreviated as KANK, is a 2006 Indian Hindi-language musical romantic drama movie written and directed by Karan Johar and produced by his mother Hiroo Yash Johar, in her debut, under the Dharma Productions banner. The movie stars Amitabh Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Rani Mukherji, Preity Zinta and Kirron Kher.

The movie released worldwide on 11 August 2006 and it received positive reviews and was a success internationally, especially in the United States. It became the highest grossing Indian movie of all time overseas when it was released. The movie was played in over 1,200 cinemas worldwide, and it grossed a worldwide total of ().

Dev (Shah Rukh Khan) and Maya (Rani Mukherjee) are married, but not to each other. A chance encounter brings Dev and Maya together, and they feel a strange attraction that soon develops into a close friendship. As they spend more time together, they begin to re-examine their marriages and face up to the dissatisfaction that lurks just beneath the surface.



Dendropsophus bilobatus

Dendropsophus bilobatus is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists think it might also live in Bolivia.

Madavoorpara

Madavoorpara is a major tourist attraction at Kaattayikonam in the Thiruvananthapuram city, the state capital of Kerala. It is a lesser-known destination in the city and one of the hang out places for the people nearby, known for its rock-cut Shiva Temple and the Bamboo Bridge. It stands 1800 feet above sea level and holds various archaeological and historical significances. The highest point gives a beautiful view of Thiruvananthapuram city along with the Arabian Sea and it was opened for visitors on 20th October 2016. 

Madavoorpara Shiva Temple, the most important attribute of the view point, dates back to the 9th century CE and is known for its architecture, as it was carved from a single rock. It is in the lowest part of the viewpoint. The cave temple is open from 6am to 10 am and from 5pm to pm everyday, maintaining its rituals and religious festivities regularly. It is also one of the rarest rock-cut temples in the state. On the pillars of the temple, an ancient Malayalam script, named "Vattezhuthu" had been inscribed which was used ages ago which is a rare sight. The main deity of the temple is Lord Shiva.

The Bamboo Bridge is one of the finest facilities that is stretched at a length of 100m. It provides the scenic beauty from the hill-top and is often used as a pathway to the topmost part of the rock. A lot of bamboo huts are established for the visitors to take rest and enjoy the venue. There is also an open stage built for future ventures including programmes, exhibitions and many more literary and cultural events. The bridge provides the finest experience of walking by foot especially during rainy seasons, when the water droplets are scattered on the bamboo and it makes it soothing for the visitors to walk along. 

It also has a park that gives enough space for the children to spend their cheerful time. It is another major attraction for the families to get together which also has a canteen nearby. 

The preserved monument was opened to the city on 20th October, 2016 by Pinarayi Vijayan, Chief Minister of Kerala. Tourism Minister of Kerala, Kadakampally Surendran inaugurated the development project on January 18th, 2018 that would help Madavoorpara to find its spot in the best tourist places in the world. Uralungal Labor Cooperative Society is entrusted with the implementation of the project at a cost of Rs. 7 crore. 

The latest features to be included in the coming years include:
1. Amphitheatre
2. Floating Cottages
3. Water fountains
4. cafeteria
5. More seating facilities including stone pavements and benches
6. Amenity center
7. Green huts

Madavoorpara is in Kaattayikonam, near Pothencode town in Thiruvananthapuram. Sreekaryam-Pothencode road is the easy way to travel to the tourist destination where the closest railway station is situated 17km away. The nearest airport is Trivandrum International Airport about 20km away via NH 66 and Kazhakkoottam- Kilimaanoor road. 

Enciclopedia d'arte italiana

The Enciclopedia d’Arte Italiana is an institution that publishes a biographical dictionary, the Enciclopedia d’Arte Italiana, Catalogo Generale Artisti dal Novecento ad oggi, started in 2012 and completed in 2022.


Law review

A law review is an academic journal that writes about many legal issues. Law review articles are mostly written by law students and law professors and talk about various legal cases and new developments in the law.

Ramsey, Cambridgeshire

Ramsey is a market town in Cambridgeshire, England.

Thorney, Cambridgeshire

Thorney is a village about eight miles (13 km) east of Peterborough city centre, on the A47 in England.

Bowers v. Hardwick

Bowers v. Hardwick was a 1986 United States Supreme Court (SCOTUS) case that said that the Due Process Clause of the 14th Amendment to the United States Constitution does not mean there is a constitutional right for two people of the same gender to have sex. The case was about two men, so the exact words they used were "homosexual sodomy."

The Supreme Court said that gay sex is not a deeply rooted right in American history and that it would not be possible for SCOTUS to create such a right without also creating a constitutional right to both adult incest and adultery. The majority opinion was written by Justice Byron White. The other justices who agreed were Chief Justice Warren Earl Burger and Justices Lewis Powell, William Rehnquist, and Sandra Day O'Connor. In a brief separate opinion, Chief Justice Burger said gay sex had been called bad for thousands of years, with William Blackstone calling gay sex worse than rape. The dissenting opinion came from Justices Harry Blackmun, John Paul Stevens, William Brennan, and Thurgood Marshall. They disagreed with the majority opinion. Justice Blackmun said that the 14th amendment could create a constitutional right to have sex with another person of the same gender because of the right to privacy. He said that people have a right to be left alone and that saying this about gay sex did not mean people would be legally allowed to commit adult incest or adultery.

Seventeen years later, the Supreme Court made the opposite decision. "Bowers v. Hardwick" was in the 2003 SCOTUS case "Lawrence v. Texas".

Salyut 3

Salyut 3 was a space station in the Soviet Union's Almaz program. It was also known as OTS-2 and Almaz 2. The size and shape were similar to Salyut 1, but the rest of the design was very different. This was because it was part of the Almaz program instead of the Salyut program. It was only named Salyut 3 to hide its real purpose. In reality it was a military station for spying on other countries. Most details of it were not known until after the Cold War was over.

The station had living areas for cosmonauts, engines, and solar panels. These were similar to other space stations. Due to its military nature, it also had some special equipment. There was a space telescope and several cameras, all for looking at the Earth. A small spacecraft called the Earth-return capsule stored film and could come back to Earth on its own. It was also possible for cosmonauts to develop film on the station and send back the images using a TV system. Salyut 3 also had an onboard cannon (large gun), based on a design used on aircraft.

Salyut 3 was launched into orbit on 25 June 1974 by a Proton rocket. It stayed in space for 213 days before being burned up in the atmosphere. Starting on 4 July 1974 a crew of two cosmonauts stayed at the station for two weeks. Then on 26 August 1974 a second crew arrived but could not connect to the station and so had to return to earth. After this no other crews visited, but the station could do some tasks on its own. One was sending the Earth-return capsule back. The second was firing the cannon. This is the only time a gun has been fired in space. A total of 20 rounds were fired in 3 bursts.

On 24 January 1975 the station entered the atmosphere and burned up. It was followed by Salyut 4 which was a civilian space station. The next Almaz station was Salyut 5.

William J. Brennan Jr.

William Joseph Brennan Jr. (April 25, 1906 – July 24, 1997) was a Justice of the United States Supreme Court from 1956 to 1990. He was born in Newark, New Jersey in 1906 as the second of eight children to Irish immigrants. He attended Harvard Law School, was a U.S. Army Major during World War II, and was a justice for a New Jersey superior court and then for the New Jersey Supreme Court before he was appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court (SCOTUS) by U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower, where he was a part of SCOTUS's liberal wing and where he wrote more than 1,200 opinions over the years. After being on SCOTUS for over 30 years, he retired from SCOTUS in 1990 due to declining health and was replaced by David Souter. He was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by U.S. President Bill Clinton in 1993 and died in 1997 at the age of 91 after he fell and broke his hip.

Junior

Junior is when a son has the same name as the father, in which case he is referred to by his father's name plus Junior. For instance, if the father is Bob Jones, the son would be Bob Jones Junior (or Bob Jones Jr., for short). Of course, the father could also be called Bob Jones Senior (or Bob Jones Sr., for short).

Orrick Herrington Sutcliffe

Orrick is an international law firm founded in San Francisco, California. The firm advises on transactions, litigation and regulatory matters for venture-backed companies, public companies, E&I funds, financial institutions and governments.

Winston Strawn

Winston & Strawn LLP is an international law firm. Headquartered in Chicago, it has nearly 800 attorneys in 9 offices in the United States and 6 offices in Europe and Asia. Founded in 1853, it is one of the largest and oldest law firms in Chicago.

The firm is known for its litigation practice across a variety of fields.

Vinson Elkins

Vinson & Elkins LLP (or V&E) is an international law firm with approximately 700 lawyers worldwide and is headquartered in the First City Tower in Downtown Houston, Texas.

The firm has 11 offices in major energy, financial, and political centers worldwide, including Austin, Dallas, Dubai, Houston, London, New York City, Richmond, Riyadh, San Francisco, Tokyo, and Washington, D.C. The firm is currently led by Mark Kelly as Chairman and Scott Wulfe as Managing Partner.

Arnold &amp; Porter

Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer LLP, operating as Arnold & Porter, is a white-shoe international law firm. It is among the most prestigious and largest law firms in the world, by both revenue and by its number of lawyers.

Kaye Scholer was a law firm founded in 1917 by Benjamin Kaye and Jacob Scholer. The firm has more than 450 attorneys in nine offices located in the cities of Chicago, Frankfurt, London, Los Angeles, New York City (headquarters), Shanghai, Palo Alto, Washington, D.C., and West Palm Beach.

In November 2016, Arnold Porter voted to merge with Kaye Scholer to create a $1 billion+ sized multinational firm with approximately 1000 attorneys across ten domestic and four international offices, with a large offering both in the US and internationally. The merger was effected on January 1, 2017, as Arnold Porter Kaye Scholer LLP.

